Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US President Barack Obama has signed his landmark healthcare bill into law in a ceremony at the White House .
The new law will eventually extend health insurance cover to about 32 million Americans who currently do not have any .
Mr Obama said he was signing the bill for people like his mother " who argued with insurance companies even as she battled cancer in her final days " .
The bill is strongly opposed by the Republicans , who say it is too costly .
The bill I 'm signing will set in motion reforms that generations of Americans have fought for and marched for and hungered to see
President Barack Obama
Immediately after the signing , attorneys general from 13 states - 12 Republicans and one Democrat - began legal proceedings against the federal government seeking to stop the reforms on the grounds that they are unconstitutional .
Mr Obama was joined at the White House signing ceremony by healthcare reform supporters including Democrats from both Houses of Congress who supported the measure .
He said the bill 's provisions were " desperately needed " , adding : " The bill I 'm signing will set in motion reforms that generations of Americans have fought for and marched for and hungered to see . "
He hailed the " historic leadership and uncommon courage " of the Democratic leadership in Congress that secured the bill 's passage , singling out House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid for particular praise .
MARDELL'S AMERICA
The Democrats feel a new optimism with a solid victory under their belt .
They feel they 've proved that they can govern , can make a difference
Mark Mardell , BBC North America editor
Read Mark 's thoughts in full
He concluded : " Today after almost a century of trial , today after over a year of debate , today after all the votes have been tallied , health insurance reform becomes law in the United States of America .
Today .
" All of the overheated rhetoric over reform will finally confront the reality of reform . "
Mr Obama now has to sell the reforms to a divided American public before November 's mid-term elections .
On Thursday , he will go to the state of Iowa to talk about how the new law will help to lower healthcare costs for small businesses and families .
KEY HEALTHCARE REFORMS
Cost : $ 940 bn over 10 years ; would reduce deficit by $ 143bn Coverage : Expanded to 32 m currently uninsured Americans Medicare : Prescription drug coverage gap closed ; affected over - 65s receive rebate and discount on brand name drugs Medicaid : Expanded to include families under 65 with gross income of up to 133 % of federal poverty level and childless adults Insurance reforms :
Insurers can no longer deny coverage to those with pre-existing conditions Insurance exchanges : Uninsured and self - employed able to purchase insurance through state - based exchanges Subsidies : Low - income individuals and families wanting to purchase own health insurance eligible for subsidies Individual Mandate :
Those not covered by Medicaid or Medicare must be insured or face fine High - cost insurance : Employers offering workers pricier plans subject to tax on excess premium
Q&A : What next for health reform ?
Now for a climate bill ?
After a heated debate , the House of Representatives voted 219 - 212 late on Sunday to send the 10 - year , $ 938bn bill to Mr Obama .
Not one Republican voted for the bill , and some Democrats also voted against it .
The measure , which the Senate passed in December , is expected to expand health insurance coverage to about 95 % of eligible Americans , compared with the 83 % covered today .
It will ban insurance company practices such as denying coverage to people with existing medical problems .
Correspondents say the bill represents the biggest expansion of the federal government 's social safety net since President Lyndon Johnson enacted the Medicare and Medicaid government - funded healthcare programmes for the elderly and poor in the 1960s .
Mr Obama 's campaign to overhaul US healthcare seemed stalled in January , when a Republican won a special election to fill the late Edward Kennedy 's Massachusetts Senate seat , and with it , enough Republican votes to prevent the bill from coming to a final vote in the Senate .
But Democrats came up with a plan that required the House to approve the Senate - passed measure - despite its opposition to many of its provisions - and then have both chambers pass a measure incorporating numerous changes after the president signed it into law .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WELCOME
Leilani Münter is a biology graduate turned race car driver and environmental activist .
She believes it is essential for humans to adapt and evolve the way we are living to a sustainable way that does not destroy the world around us .
Leilani is an advocate for renewable energy , solar power , electric cars , plant - based diet , and animal rights .
She sits on the board of three non-profits : Oceanic Preservation Society , Empowered by Light , and EarthxFilm .
Leilani is also an ambassador for Ric O'Barry 's Dolphin Project and a patron of Population Matters .
Leilani was featured in the 2015 documentary film Racing Extinction .
Leilani wants our future to be a cleaner and kinder world .
Read more
NEWS AND NOTES
For all the latest articles and media coverage , please visit our press page which is updated regularly .
Leilani Has Strong Run in Farewell ARCA Race at Daytona
February 13 , 2019 Climbing behind the wheel one last time , Leilani began the weekend with a new personal career best qualifying effort , starting third in her No.55 What the Health Toyota for Venturini Motorsports .
Münter kept her green machine out front and at the halfway point in the race she was running in 4th place .
When a caution came out on lap 43 , Leilani came in for a pit stop along with the rest of the leaders .
Read more ...
Autoweek : Leilani Münter Brings Damaged Car Home 15th in Her Final ARCA Race
“ I ’m so tired , ” she said , through tears , moments after she climbed from the No. 55 What The Health Toyota , to an ovation by a literal circle of friends surrounding her car .
With a variety of usually green sponsors – her brother - in - law is , after all , Bob Weir , a member of the Grateful Dead – Münter came back each year , answering the bell , as tough as the 100 - 1 fighter who just would n’t stay down .
Read more ...
Leilani Tops Daytona Speed Charts at ARCA Testing With Average Speed of Over 184 mph
January 12 , 2019 Driving the No. 55 What The Health Toyota for Venturini Motorsports , Leilani Münter led the combined results of two days of testing for the ARCA Racing Series presented by Menards Lucas Oil 200 driven by Geberal Tire at Daytona International Speedway .
Münter was the fastest of 43 drivers attending the test with a speed was 184.064 miles per hour .
View Speeds ...
Leilani Partners with Rainforest Trust to Protect 1,500 Acres of Endangered Rainforest
July 6 , 2018 Leilani has partnered with Rainforest Trust to protect over 1,500 acres of rainforest , which will prevent over 60,000 metric tons of carbon from entering the atmosphere , equivalent to taking over 13,000 cars off the road for one year .
Read more ...
The Atlantic : Defying Stereotypes at 200 mph
Oct 24 , 2017 “ Never underestimate a vegan hippie chick with a race car , ” says Leilani Münter in a new video by The Atlantic .
Münter , who drove the first - ever vegan - themed race car in the world , is gunning for a future in which NASCAR runs on 100 percent renewable energy .
In the video , she challenges NASCAR stereotypes and explains why the sports world needs more activists .
Watch the video
Rich Roll Podcast Interview
July 9 , 2017 Leilani sits down with ultra-athlete and bestselling author Rich Roll to discuss the intersection of activism and sport and her singular commitment to leveraging her profile to educate , inspire and raise awareness around environmental issues .
Listen to the podcast ...
Leilani Münter Shines at Daytona
February 19 , 2017 Leilani Münter had an incredible race at Daytona on Saturday night , racing her way all the way up to 4th place in her Vegan Powered racecar with 25 laps to go .
Leilani was in contention for a career best top - five finish at the World Center of Racing when the car behind her made hard contact with her rear bumper on the backstretch with just 15 laps to go .
Read more ...
NASCAR Race Hub " Women in Wheels "
February 16 , 2017 NASCAR
Race Hub aired a " Women in Wheels " series segment on Leilani and her activism in racing .
Watch the episode on FOX Sports
Take a Hot Lap with Leilani at Daytona
January 14 , 2017
Have you ever wondered what it 's like to run a lap at Daytona at speeds of almost 190 mph ?
Thanks to ARCA Racing and GoPro , you can take a ride with Leilani Watch the video
US Dept of Energy 's Tesla Ride with Leilani
December 23 , 2016
The US Department of Energy joined Leilani in her Tesla Model S for a ridealong in Washington DC to learn more about the benefits of electric cars .
Watch the video
StarTalk Radio with Neil deGrasse Tyson
April 22 , 2016
On Earth Day at 7 pm EDT tune into StarTalk Radio when Leilani is a guest of astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson to talk about the anthropocene era , Racing Extinction , solar power , electric cars , and bringing activism to the masses through her race car .
Listen to Leilani's guest appearance on StarTalk
New York Times : A Tesla for Vegans
Jan 14 , 2016
For the eco-conscious car buyer , Tesla ’s luxury electric vehicles , with their neck - snapping acceleration , are proof that performance does n’t have to be sacrificed at the altar of saving the environment .
Read the article and see Leilani's vegan Tesla Model S in the New York Times
Racing Extinction : A Global Television Event
Dec 2 , 2015 Leilani has teamed up with the Academy Award winning team who brought you The Cove on their next documentary Racing Extinction which premiered globally on Discovery Channel in December 2015 .
Watch the trailer or you can rent or buy the film here .
Leilani & SolarCity vs. Utilities
Oct 16 , 2015 Re/code :
It ’s nearly 1:00 am in San Francisco , outside the California Public Utilities Commission building downtown , and Leilani Münter , a woman who drives a race car for a living , steers her Tesla as slowly and quietly as she can .
Read article and watch the video on Re/ code
Administrators are never talking about what you think they are .
They tell you to add a few students to class , and surely they mean ten or twenty .
That was the basic premise for this strip .
President Czar is sort of a super villain , what with the laughing in the last panel .
Get that man an island base .
Two of the world 's two most radical presidents today shook up the Copenhagen climate change summit by blaming climate change squarely on capitalism and demanding billions of dollars in " reparations " from rich countries .
Bolivian President Evo Morales called on the world leaders to raise their ambitions radically and hold temperature increases over the next century to just 1C .
In the most ambitious statement yet made at the climate summit , Morales demanded rich countries pay climate change reparations and proposed an international climate court of justice to prosecute countries for climate " crimes " .
" Our objective is to save humanity and not just half of humanity .
We are here to save mother earth .
Our objective is to reduce climate change to [ under ] 1C . [ above this ] many islands will disappear and Africa will suffer a holocaust , " he said .
Limiting warming to 1C would need an end to all emissions and billions of tonnes of carbon dioxide to be sucked from the air and stored .
Echoing Cuban president Fidel Castro 18 years ago at the earth summit in Rio de , Morales blamed capitalism squarely for climate change : " The real cause of climate change is the capitalist system .
If we want to save the earth then we must end that economic model .
Capitalism wants to address climate change with carbon markets .
We denounce those markets and the countries which [ promote them ] .
It 's time to stop making money from the disgrace that they have perpetrated . "
Morales was followed by fellow radical President Hugo Chávez of Venezuela who said socialism was the only way to save the planet and reduce climate change .
" The total income of the 500 richest people in the world is greater than the 450 m poorest living on $ 2 a day .
We have to change direction .
How long are we going to tolerate the current international economic order , and allow the hungry not to have food ?
" Let 's eradicate poverty and bring in climate justice .
If capitalism resists we have to do battle with it .
If we do not , then mankind , the greatest creation in the universe , will disappear , " he said .
by ·
I just found this amazing article that someone wrote about an experiment they did .
They bought a happy meal , took a picture of it .
Then left it out on the counter for a full year !
One would think that the meat ( if it still even resembled meat ) would spoil and stink pretty bad .
The author said that never really happened at all .
In fact , if you look at the before and after pictures , you really can’t tell that much difference between the “ fresh ” happy meal and the year old one .
Oh , and the kicker is that the ants and mice did n’t bother with it either .
I knew that Twinkies did n’t expire – but a hamburger and french fries ?
Something is just wrong with this picture .
Comments
WASHINGTON , DC , March 8 , 2010 - The 2010 Sleep in America poll released today by the National Sleep Foundation ( NSF ) reveals significant differences in the sleep habits and attitudes of Asians , Blacks / African - Americans , Hispanics and Whites .
It is the first poll to examine sleep among these four ethnic groups .
NSF 's Sleep in America poll found that more than three - fourths of respondents from each ethnic group agree that poor sleep is associated with health problems ( 76 - 83 % ) .
These new findings echo lessons learned by former President Bill Clinton who recently admitted that he has adopted a new lifestyle regimen to sleep seven or more hours on the advice of his doctors .
The poll also shows that all groups report disturbingly similar experiences missing work or family functions because they were too sleepy ( 19 - 24 % ) .
Among married people or couples living together , all ethnic groups report being too tired for sex frequently ( 21 - 26 % of the time ) .
" As the leading voice of sleep health , we are committed to better understanding people 's sleep needs , " says David Cloud , CEO of the National Sleep Foundation .
" By exploring ethnic and family sleep practices we have gained new insight into why we sleep the way we do . "
Blacks / African - Americans report the busiest bedtime routines .
Blacks / African - Americans are the most likely to report performing activities in the hour before going to bed every night or almost every night , specifically watching TV ( 75 % ) and / or praying or doing another religious practice ( 71 % ) .
Whether on weekdays / workdays or non-workdays / weekends , Blacks / African - Americans spend much more time in bed without sleeping than the other ethnic groups ( 54 minutes on weekdays / workdays and 71 minutes on non-workdays / weekends ) .
Blacks / African - Americans and Hispanics ( 10 % each ) are ten times more likely to report having sex every night than Asians ( 1 % ) and 2.5 times more likely than Whites ( 4 % ) .
Most Blacks / African - Americans report praying every night ( 71 % ) ; more than four times the reported frequency of Asians ( 18 % ) , twice the rate of Whites ( 32 % ) and 1.5 times the rate of Hispanics ( 45 % ) .
Blacks / African - Americans ( 17 % ) and Asians ( 16 % ) are more likely than Whites ( 9 % ) and Hispanics ( 13 % ) to report doing job - related work in the hour before bed , among those employed .
Blacks / African - Americans report losing sleep every night over personal financial concerns ( 12 % ) and employment concerns ( 10 % ) at a higher rate than Whites ( 6 % and 7 % ) or Asians ( 1 % and 4 % ) .
Hispanics are almost equally concerned each night about these two issues ( 11 % and 9 % , respectively ) .
" The hour before bed is an important time to relax and wind - down before going to sleep , " says Thomas J. Balkin , Ph.D. , Chairman of the National Sleep Foundation .
" For those who are having problems sleeping , it 's a good idea to consider whether your bedtime routines may be too alerting . "
Asians report getting the best sleep , report the least amount of sleep problems and infrequent use of sleep aids .
Asians are the most likely ethnic group ( 84 % ) to say that they had a good night 's sleep at least a few nights or more a week .
In addition , Asians are about half as likely ( 14 % ) to discuss their sleep issues with a healthcare professional , and are half as likely ( 10 % ) to report having been diagnosed with a sleep disorder .
Asians are the least likely to report using sleep medication at least a few nights a week ( 5 % versus 13 % Whites , 9 % Blacks / African - Americans and 8 % Hispanics ) .
Asians are the least likely ( 9 % ) to say that they " rarely " or " never " have a good night 's sleep , compared with 20 % of Whites , 18 % of Blacks / African - Americans and 14 % of Hispanics .
The poll shows that Asians are more than twice as likely to use the Internet every night in comparison to any other group ( 51 % versus 22 % Whites , 20 % Blacks / African - Americans , 20 % Hispanics ) .
They are also the least likely to watch TV an hour before sleep ( 52 % versus 64 % Whites , 72 % Hispanics and 75 % Blacks / African - Americans ) .
Asians report the use of herbal and alternative therapies at rates similar to Hispanics ( 2 % each ) , but less than Whites ( 4 % ) .
Asians report the lowest rates of losing sleep due to personal financial concerns at least a few nights a week ( 9 % versus 22 % Hispanics , 20 % Whites and 19 % Blacks / African - Americans ) .
While Blacks / African - Americans report the least amount of sleep , they also say they need less sleep .
Blacks / African - Americans report getting the least amount of sleep on workdays / weekdays ( 6 hours and 14 minutes ) .
Interestingly , they also say that they need only 7 hours and 5 minutes of sleep each night to perform at their best during the day , which is significantly less sleep than Asians and Hispanics ( 7 hours and 29 minutes each ) .
Blacks / African - Americans report getting an average of 34 minutes less sleep on a work night / weeknight than Asians and 38 minutes less than Whites .
" The finding that Blacks / African - Americans say they need less sleep and get less sleep is instructive for public health professionals , " says Jose S. Loredo , MD , MPH , Professor of Medicine at the University of California , San Diego .
" Their total sleep time and attitudes regarding sleep may be associated with Blacks / African - Americans ' higher rates of sleep apnea , hypertension and diabetes and provide sleep - related insight into how to improve awareness and education programs and , very importantly , how to improve therapy compliance rates . "
Hispanics are the most likely to say they are kept awake by financial , employment , personal relationship and / or health - related concerns .
Overall , at least one - third of Hispanics ( 38 % ) and Blacks / African - Americans ( 33 % ) report that any of these concerns disturb their sleep at least a few nights a week , compared to about one - fourth of Whites ( 28 % ) and / or Asians ( 25 % ) .
Moreover , about two in ten Hispanics ( 19 % ) and Blacks / African - Americans ( 19 % ) say their sleep is disturbed every night or almost every night by at least one of these concerns .
Hispanics ( 16 % ) are more likely than Blacks / African - Americans ( 12 % ) , Asians ( 9 % ) and Whites ( 7 % ) to say that health - related concerns have disturbed their sleep at least a few nights a week .
" So many people are suffering because of economic uncertainty , " says Martica Hall , Ph.D. , Associate Professor of Psychiatry at the University of Pittsburgh .
" If you find yourself lying awake worrying , write a note to yourself to work on these issues the next day so you can dismiss those ideas at bed time .
Consider using relaxation techniques and focus on calming activities and thoughts .
If your problems persist , you may want to seek out a sleep professional . "
Whites are the most likely to report sleeping with their pets and / or their significant other / spouse .
Among those married or partnered , Whites are much more likely ( 14 % ) than the other ethnic groups ( 2 % each ) to say they usually sleep with a pet .
Among those married or partnered , 90 % of Whites report that they sleep with their significant other compared to 84 % of Blacks / African - Americans , 76 % of Hispanics and 67 % of Asians .
Interestingly , among all respondents ,
Whites are the least likely to say they sleep alone ( 21 % versus 41 % Blacks / African - Americans , 37 % Asians and 31 % Hispanics . )
Among those married or partnered respondents with children , Asians ( 28 % ) and Hispanics ( 22 % ) are the most likely to report that they sleep in the same room with their children ( compared to 15 % of Blacks / African - Americans and 8 % of Whites ) . *
" Other studies support the findings that co-sleeping with children is prevalent with Asians , " says Sonia Ancoli-Israel , Ph.D. , chair of the National Sleep Foundation 's Sleep in America Poll Task Force .
" If you are having trouble sleeping , and you sleep with your spouse , your child , your pet or all three , remember that may be contributing to sleep disturbances that prevent you from getting a good night 's sleep . "
* Bed sharing / co - sleeping is a complex and controversial practice .
This study did not specifically examine the issue of sleeping with infants , nor does the National Sleep Foundation wish to have these results misconstrued to suggest a position on the practice .
Parental counseling about infant sleep environments is strongly suggested .
Sleep disorder diagnosis is uneven among the four ethnic groups .
The 2010 poll found that sleep disorders continue to be very common among the adults surveyed , with specific disorders occurring at different frequency among the four groups .
Whites report the highest rate of diagnosis for insomnia ( 10 % ) , and Blacks / African - Americans have the highest rate of diagnosed sleep apnea ( 14 % ) among the four groups .
Among those experiencing sleep problems ,
Whites are the most likely to report using over - the - counter sleep aids at least a few nights a week ( 7 % ) .
Blacks / African - Americans are almost twice as likely to report taking medications prescribed by a doctor ( 7 % ) rather than over - the - counter sleep aids ( 3 % ) .
Asians are the least likely to report using any form of sleep medication ( 5 % ) .
" If you are experiencing problems sleeping , " says Balkin , " Take charge of your own sleep .
You should critically examine your bedtime routines and pre-sleep activities and make time to ensure your bedroom is conducive to your sleep comfort .
You will spend approximately a third of your life in bed , so it 's worth it to take time to make sure your bed and bedtime routine are right for you .
If you continue having problems sleeping for more than a few weeks , it 's advisable to speak with your healthcare professional . "
Ethnic groups seek help for sleep problems differently .
When experiencing a specific sleep problem , Blacks / African - Americans say they are more likely to speak with their doctor ( 16 % ) or research online ( 10 % ) than to get recommendations from friends or family ( 4 % ) .
Asians ( 15 % ) are the most likely to say they get advice from family and friends .
Respondents were also asked if their healthcare professional or doctor had ever asked them about their sleep during a routine visit .
At least four in ten Whites ( 48 % ) , Blacks / African - Americans ( 42 % ) and Hispanics ( 40 % ) say yes ; however , only 28 % of Asians had been asked about sleep by their doctor .
" We are making progress with physicians and patients discussing sleep issues in regular office visits , " says Cloud .
" But we still have a lot of work to do to make sleep a routine part of every physician - patient interaction . "
Adds David G. Davila , MD , Medical Director of the Baptist Health Sleep Center in Little Rock , Arkansas , " Sleep is a vital sign for overall health , therefore , discussing sleep problems should be an important part of health check ups for doctors and patients , especially since sleep disorders can affect many other medical conditions . "
###
For the most comprehensive source of information on sleep health , visit the National Sleep Foundation 's website , www.sleepfoundation.org.
The website also provides a directory of sleep professionals and sleep centers in your community .
You can also read the complete Summary of Findings and highlights from this year 's Sleep in America poll and polls from prior years .
Healthy Sleep Advice
The National Sleep Foundation suggests the following to improve your sleep :
Go to sleep and wake at the same time every day , and avoid spending more time in bed than needed .
Use bright light to help manage your " body clock .
" Avoid bright light in the evening and expose yourself to sunlight in the morning .
Use your bedroom only for sleep to strengthen the association between your bed and sleep .
It may help to remove work materials , computers and televisions from your bedroom .
Select a relaxing bedtime ritual , like a warm bath or listening to calming music .
Create an environment that is conducive to sleep that is quiet , dark and cool with a comfortable mattress and pillows .
Reduce or eliminate your intake of caffeine , nicotine and alcohol .
Save your worries for the daytime .
If concerns come to mind , write them in a " worry book " so you can address those issues the next day .
If you can't sleep , go into another room and do something relaxing until you feel tired .
Exercise regularly , but avoid vigorous workouts close to bedtime .
Poll Methodology and Definitions
The National Sleep Foundation began surveying American sleep health and behaviors in 1991 .
The 2010 Sleep in America annual poll was conducted for the National Sleep Foundation by WB&A Market Research , using a random sample of 1,007 adults between the ages of 25 - 60 and identifying themselves as White , Black / African - American , Asian or Hispanic .
This poll has adopted the group definition used by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , the U.S. Census Bureau , and related public health groups ; while NSF also acknowledges that this is an imperfect description of race and ethnic groups .
No effort was made to verify the accuracy of the respondent 's self - identification .
Individuals from other ethnic groups were excluded from participating .
The Sleep in America Poll Task Force did consider economic factors in analyzing the data .
The margin of error is ±3.1 percentage points at the 95 % confidence level .
2010 Sleep in America Poll Task Force
Sonia Ancoli-Israel , Ph.D. ( Chair )
Professor of Psychiatry
Director , Gillin Sleep and Chronomedicine Research Center
Department of Psychiatry
University of California , San Diego
Daniel P. Chapman , Ph.D .
Epidemiologist
National Center for Chronic Disease
Prevention & Health Promotion
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Martica Hall , Ph.D .
Associate Professor of Psychiatry
University of Pittsburgh
Kenneth L. Lichstein , Ph.D .
Professor
Director , Sleep Research Project
Department of Psychology
The University of Alabama
Jose S. Loredo , M.D. , M.S. , M.P.H. , F.C.C.P .
Professor of Medicine
Medical Director , Sleep Medicine Center
University of California , San Diego
NSF released the poll findings as part of its 13th annual National Sleep Awareness Week® campaign , held March 7 - 13 , 2010 , that culminates with the change to Daylight Saving Time on March 14th .
With the change of clocks , NSF wishes to remind Americans that losing sleep is an important health consideration .
The National Sleep Foundation hosts the Sleep Health and Safety conference March 5 - 6 , 2010 in Washington to advance sleep health education for health professionals and public policy leaders .
NSF Background
The National Sleep Foundation is dedicated to improving sleep health and safety through education , public awareness , and advocacy .
It is well - known for its annual Sleep in America poll .
The Foundation is a charitable , educational and scientific not - for - profit organization located in Washington , DC .
Its membership includes researchers and clinicians focused on sleep medicine , professionals in the health , medical and science fields , individuals , patients , families affected by drowsy driving and more than 900 healthcare facilities throughout North America .
The National Sleep Foundation does not solicit nor accept corporate support for its annual Sleep in America polls ; its polls are developed by an independent task force of sleep scientists and government representatives who provide guidance and expertise in developing the poll questionnaire as well as providing the analysis of the data .
Information about the National Sleep Foundation , the current and former polls and a database of sleep professionals and sleep centers who can be contacted to comment on this story or refer patients to be interviewed can be found online at www.sleepfoundation.org .
Over the weekend I went on an automotive tour of sorts , and in the process I saw a painting of a car that was mind blowing .
It was a painting by Tim Frederick of Arnie Beswick ’s “ Funny Farmer ” 63 Tempest .
Looking at it made me want to rip the exhaust off my 389 , fire it up , and watch flames explode out the open manifolds .
It made me reevaluate art as a whole , and made me wonder what other outstanding automotive art work was out there .
Whether it is photographic , painting , pastels , photoshop , or something I do n’t even know about , I want to see it .
Show us your wonderous , glorious , mind blowing , and breathtaking automotive art at once !!
Mrs Mandela , 73 , also criticised his acceptance of the Nobel Peace Prize with FW de Klerk , the former prime minister who had Mandela jailed , according to the Daily Mail .
She said : " This name Mandela is an albatross around the necks of my family .
( CNN ) --
" It has been a long road .
To be at the finish line is great . "
So says developer Stig Asmussen , who has just put the final touches on what has been called the most eagerly awaited video game of 2010 : the fantastic action - adventure sequel " God of War III . "
The game , coming March 16 for Sony 's PlayStation 3 console , is the culmination of nine years of work for director Asmussen and the rest of Sony 's creative team for the " God of War " series .
High - profile games rarely live up to massive hype , but early reports on " God of War III " -- in which gamers battle gods from Greek mythology -- have been glowing .
" ' God of War III ' is expected to deliver the most bombastic , over - the - top action - adventure game ever , " said video game analyst Scott Steinberg , author of " Get Rich Playing Games . "
" The demo was phenomenal .
This has never been a series known for a light touch . "
A description of the forthcoming game on PlayStation 's site even promises " new heightened levels of brutality and gore . "
Hollywood also is considering a movie adaptation of the series -- which Sony says has sold over 8.7 million copies worldwide -- although no project is imminent .
The " God of War " series debuted in 2005 and follows the exploits of a former Spartan warrior named Kratos as he seeks revenge against Ares , Zeus and other Greek gods who wronged him .
The 2007 " God of War II " ends with Kratos enlisting the aid of the legendary Titans in his quest .
The popularity of the first two games ( not counting two lesser " God of War " titles ) , plus the fact that that " GOW III " is expected to be the end of the series , has fans clamoring for this final chapter .
At last year 's Spike Video Game Awards , " God of War III " was named Most Anticipated Game of 2010 .
Some observers even wonder whether " GOW III " can top the all - time fastest - selling PS3 exclusive game , " Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots , " which sold a whopping 1.7 million units in its opening week in 2008 .
Demo and gameplay videos reveal that " GOW III " is expected to pick up where " GOW II " left off -- with a massive assault on the gods ' stronghold of Mount Olympus .
The ambitious scale shown in previews is what Asmussen had hoped to achieve when he took over the " God of War " franchise .
Sony hired Asmussen away from Midway Games in 2001 to work as the lead environmental artist on the series .
" I built a number of the major levels of ' God of War ' and worked on the early designs , " said Asmussen , who drew on his previous experiences to help him achieve his vision for " God of War III . "
Asmussen said they never originally intended to make a trilogy but realized they had a hot property on their hands after the original " God of War " won the Game of Show award at the E3 gaming conference .
They immediately jumped into working on " God of War II . "
Working with director Cory Barlog on " God of War II " helped give Asmussen a greater understanding of all the skills needed to put together a blockbuster title -- skills that would be put to the test after he was named game director for " God of War III , " he said .
He said work on " GOW III " began while developers at Sony 's studios in Santa Monica , California , were still working on " GOW II . "
A small group of designers and developers began testing the limits of a new console : the PlayStation 3 .
" First , it kind of scared the crap out of us , " Asmussen said of the PS3 , which hit stores in 2006 .
" We knew the expectations were going to be high . "
When production on " GOW III " began in 2007 , Asmussen was given a script outline with major points on characters and locations , but it was missing a true narrative to tie it all together .
" I needed to really understand [ the script ] , and the best way to do that is fashion it into something that fits my vision , " he said .
" I created a new plot ... [ with ] a lot of the locations and characters , but used them differently . "
Asmussen believes the PlayStation 3 system gave his team the opportunity to take the game to a more sophisticated level .
He cited one particular sequence where Kratos is battling a horde of enemies on the back of a Titan , which is talking to him while climbing up a mountainside .
It is something they could have never done on the PlayStation 2 , he said .
" This is going to be a generational - defining game using this technology .
Others are going to see what we did and realize they can use the PS3 like that as well , " he told CNN .
There are more weapons available to Kratos than in " GOW II , " and they are accessed on the fly instead of through a power - up menu .
Steinberg , the video game analyst , has demoed " God of War III " and said the gameplay is fast and furious .
He described it as " heavy metal meets Greek tragedy . "
Steinberg believes games like " GOW III " and " BioShock 2 " raise the excitement level for hard - core gaming by making games that involve more than just bloody button - mashing .
" ' GOW III ' is as much about storytelling and atmosphere as it is whacking away until horns , tusks and arms go flying , " he said .
Asmussen said there will be no " God of War IV , " no matter how well the third chapter does .
But the lessons learned with " GOW III " will be used to make other titles enjoyable for future players .
" We think about the fans all the time , " he said .
" We have an enormous amount of pride here .
We wo n't accept failure . "
Renewable Energy : A Zero-Cost Feedstock and Innovation Cycle Will Ultimately Win
March 3rd , 2010 by Ian Rogoff
I was invited to participate recently at a conference on the commercialization of renewable energy and its effect on economic development .
A question from the audience challenged the wisdom of federal funding for industrial research in general and renewable energy in particular .
The issue was whether the government had any sensible role in selecting technologies and favoring industries in a capitalist economy and a market as large as energy .
It ’s often not adequately acknowledged , but the renewable energy industry is actually many different technology industries that come together in new and interesting ways .
Whether it ’s materials science and chemistry for new battery and storage technology , or bio-engineering for bio- fuels , most branches of renewable energy benefit from a measurable virtuous cycle between research and development , adoption and ultimately volume production .
For example , the solar cost improvement curve , while not able to match the record of Moore ’s Law , nevertheless can claim a 20 % cost improvement for every doubling in module production over the past 30 years .
The solar panel shortage that drove solar module prices up in 2008 gave way to oversupply in the first 9 months of 2009 .
The almost 50 % drop in retail prices of conventional silicon solar panels in 2009 brought the long term cost improvement curve back into alignment with this 20 % improvement factor .
There are many reasons to support long term federal funding for renewable energy , but I ’d like to focus on three points that deserve more discussion – given all the controversy about stimulus and the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) of 2009 : ( 1 ) overcoming the advantages that accrue to the existing energy complex inherent in everything from policy , regulation and switching costs , to our existing infrastructure and our tax code ; ( 2 ) the financing risk in funding newer technologies in the current economic environment , and the enormous risk and cost of first - of - a- kind commercial scale deployments ; and crucially ( 3 ) , the competition from other countries and their well funded research and commercialization programs .
The challenge in driving economic development and growth from renewable energy is no longer physics or chemistry or genetic engineering .
It ’s not even market - based economics since energy is such an unusual market ( more on this later ) .
Policy leadership with respect to innovation and the environment is , in fact , the critical element that will determine the particular world economies that will prosper from this burgeoning industry .
Renewable energy has been identified as an urgent and important industry by so many governments and organizations around the world that the enormous investment in R&D is almost certain to yield results and those results will yield commercial viability ( whether grid parity for the price of power , or EV parity for transportation cost of ownership , or whatever the measure ) .
There is almost certainly an investment bubble in renewable energy and many new companies and other initiatives will not be successful .
However , the competition at this level of investment is very promising at a global scale , not least as a result of the improvement curves described above .
The interesting question is whether the United States benefits from the development of these industries , companies and jobs , or whether the intellectual property , know - how and resultant economic development accrue to other countries .
Broadly speaking there are two types of renewable energy jobs : ( 1 ) transient project - oriented jobs that come and go as new deployments ( solar farms , wind farms , bio - fuel facilities ) are rolled out ; and ( 2 ) , the science , engineering , finance , planning and other high educational attainment and longer - lasting jobs that come with the establishment of new renewable energy industries .
As long as we maintain our nation ’s commitment to renewable portfolio standards and other mandates and incentives , the United States will create transient project - oriented jobs .
However , it is not at all clear that the U.S. will realize its economic potential from the creation of longer - lasting high educational attainment jobs in renewable energy .
Our challenge in creating these jobs is not science .
Given the pace of scientific discovery , it is no longer a question of whether renewable energy will someday be cost competitive with incumbent technologies .
It ’s simply a question of when .
And , although we do n’t know precisely when , we do know that zero - cost feedstocks ( sunlight , wind , geothermal , etc. ) and an innovation cycle will ultimately win and different branches of renewable energy will become cost competitive at different points of technology maturity .
Science is our ally in that we can all benefit from a clean , renewable , zero - cost feedstock .
Our competition for the resulting high educational attainment jobs is quite simply other countries that have targeted these industries and are committed to significant and long term investment in renewable energy innovation .
And , with no reason or evidence to suggest that the current technology cost improvement curves will expire , the benefits of all that investment and innovation will simply accrue to those nations , businesses and individuals who invest .
photo credit : EduardoZ
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
About the Author Ian Rogoff Ian Rogoff is Co-Founder and General Partner at Sierra Nevada Partners , an investment management company established to buy and grow sustainable businesses located in the Western US .
Ian is currently Chairman and CEO of The Helio Group , an integrated renewable energy company , and Chairman of the Nevada Institute for Renewable Energy Commercialization .
He is an active angel investor in renewable energy and is involved in a number of technology transfer and technology commercialization initiatives .
Ian has diverse industry experience including software , discrete manufacturing , aerospace and energy , and prior roles include Vice President of the Worldwide Partner Group at Microsoft Corp , Vice President of Enterprise Services at Microsoft , District Manager for Systems Integration at Digital Equipment Corp. , and Co-Founder and President of Optimum Software , a privately - held software and consulting firm .
Ian holds a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from the University of Miami , a Master of Science degree in Industrial Engineering from The Georgia Institute of Technology , a Master of Liberal Arts from Stanford University , and has completed an executive management program at Dartmouth College .
He serves on the Board of Directors of a number of technology companies , nonprofit organizations , and higher - educational institutions .
“ They are [ mostly ] concentrated in the mid-sized banks , ” Warren told CNBC .
“ We now have 2,988 banks — mostly midsized , that have these dangerous concentrations in commercial real estate lending . "
As a result , the economy will face another “ very serious problem ” that will have to be resolved over the next three years , she said , adding that things are unlikely to return to normalcy in 2010 .
( See the video below for the full interview . )
Meanwhile , the U.S. Treasury on Monday pledged to sell its 7.7 billion Citigroup shares this year , a step that further reduces the government 's influence on the banking giant .
Warren said she is having difficulty getting clarity on Citigroup ’s business plans .
“ This is a cake that is still being baked , ” she said of the company 's plans .
“ [ Citi's CEO ]
Vikram Pandit said he was going to shrink the company by 40 percent ... and Citi ’s numbers keep moving around so much I do n’t know . ”
Nestor Makhno Archive - update
The Nestor Makhno Archive has now been updated , with the addition of over 70 new documents in Arabic , Bulgarian , Croatian , Czech , English , French , Greek , Hungarian , Italian , Macedonian , Russian , Spanish and Ukrainian .
Nestor Makhno Archive - update
The Nestor Makhno Archive has finally had a long - overdue update , with the addition of over 70 new documents in Arabic , Bulgarian , Croatian , Czech , English , French , Greek , Hungarian , Italian , Macedonian , Russian , Spanish and Ukrainian .
Major additions are made to the Italian and Spanish sections , and we have also added Nick Heath 's excellent selection of biographies of some Makhnovists to the English section , along Vyacheslav Azarov 's fine study of the Makhnovist connection with the Kronstadt Revolt .
Also included are the first translation of the Organizational Platform into Croatian and revised translations in Italian and Czech .
As usual , all contributions of documents for inclusion , suggestions etc. are gratefully received .
In solidarity ,
Nestor McNab
web - maintainer
NEW ON THE ARCHIVE SINCE LAST UPDATE
The Anarchist Revolution , Nestor Makhno
Октомври 1917 , Пьотр Аршинов
, Пьотр Аршинов Нестор Махно , Анархистическа група  Васил Икономов 
, Анархистическа група  Васил Икономов  Биографични данни за участници в махновското движение , Анархистическа група  Васил Икономов 
, Анархистическа група  Васил Икономов Махновщината и Анархизмът , Революционната въстаническа армия на Украйна ( Махновци )
Organizacijska platforma Sveopćeg saveza anarhista ( nacrt ) , Grupa ruskih anarhista u inozemstvu
Organizační platforma veobecného svazu anarchistů ( návrh ) , Skupina ruských anarchistů v zahraničí [ revidovaný překlad ]
, Skupina ruských anarchistů v zahraničí [ revidovaný překlad ]
Organizační platforma světového svazu anarchistů , Skupina ruských anarchistů v zahraničí
, Skupina ruských anarchistů v zahraničí Bouřlivák : Anatolij elezňakov , Paul Avrich
, Paul Avrich Anarchisté za mříemi ( léto 1921 ) , Gaston Leval
The Kronstadt Revolt - the Gulyai - Pole Connection , Vyacheslav Azarov
, Vyacheslav Azarov Living my life ( extracts ) , Emma Goldman
, Emma Goldman
The Makhno Movement and Opposition within the Party , Daniel Cohn - Bendit and Gabriel Cohn- Bendit
, Daniel Cohn - Bendit and Gabriel Cohn-Bendit Leah Feldman , Workers Solidarity
, Workers Solidarity Piotr Arshinov , Nick Heath
, Nick Heath Iosif Izaakovitch Gutman , Nick Heath
, Nick Heath David Kogan , Nick Heath
, Nick Heath Trofim Yakovlevich Vdovichenko , Nick Heath
, Nick Heath Avraam Budanov , Nick Heath
, Nick Heath Ossip Tsebry , Nick Heath
, Nick Heath Dermenzhi , Nick Heath
, Nick Heath 1921 : The Maslakov mutiny and the Makhnovists on the Don , Nick Heath
, Nick Heath The Brothers Parkhomenko , Nick Heath
, Nick Heath Zhivoder , Nick Heath
, Nick Heath Simeon Pravda , Nick Heath
, Nick Heath Ivanyuk , Nick Heath
, Nick Heath Mikhail Brova , Nick Heath
, Nick Heath Lev Nikolaevich Zadov ( Zinkovsky ) , Nick Heath
, Nick Heath Olga Ilyinichna Taratuta , Nick Heath
, Nick Heath Viktor Fedorovich Belash , Nick Heath
, Nick Heath Grigor Kobets : The Makhnovist playwright , Nick Heath
, Nick Heath Secret Order No.96/s , Trotsky
L'anarchisme et notre époque , Nestor Makhno [ Traduction révisée ]
, Nestor Makhno [ Traduction révisée ]
Notre organisation , Nestor Makhno [ Traduction révisée ]
, Nestor Makhno [ Traduction révisée ] La Synthèse Anarchiste , Voline
Παλαιά και νέα σ τοιχεία σ τον αναρχι σμ ό ( Μια απάντησ η σ τη Μαρία Isidine ) , Πιοτρ Αρσίνο φ
A Kronstadti felkelés emlékére , Nyesztor Mahno
, Nyesztor Mahno
A forradalmi fegyelemrõl , Nyesztor Mahno
, Nyesztor Mahno Nyílt levél a spanyol anarchistákhoz , Nyesztor Mahno
Piattaforma Organizzativa dell ' Unione Generale degli Anarchici ( Bozza ) , Gruppo degli anarchici russi all 'estero [ traduzione revisionata ]
, Gruppo degli anarchici russi all 'estero [ traduzione revisionata ] Supplemento alla " Piattaforma Organizzativa " : domande e risposte , Gruppo degli Anarchici Russi all ' Estero
, Gruppo degli Anarchici Russi all ' Estero L'Anarchismo e la nostra epoca , Nestor Makhno
, Nestor Makhno La nostra organizzazione , Nestor Makhno
, Nestor Makhno Sulla disciplina rivoluzionaria , Nestor Makhno
, Nestor Makhno Sulla questione della difesa della Rivoluzione , Nestor Makhno
, Nestor Makhno Al Congresso della Union Anarchiste Communiste Révolutionnaire , Nestor Makhno
, Nestor Makhno
Il problema dell ' organizzazione e la nozione di sintesi , Gruppo degli Anarchici Russi all ' Estero
, Gruppo degli Anarchici Russi all ' Estero Una sintesi anarchica , Volin
, Volin Risposta ai confusionari dell ' Anarchismo ed alla " Replica alla Piattaforma " firmata da alcuni anarchici russi , Gruppo degli Anarchici Russi all ' Estero
, Gruppo degli Anarchici Russi all ' Estero
Il vecchio ed il nuovo nell ' Anarchismo , Petr Arinov
, Petr Arinov Organizzazione e Partito , Maria Isidine
, Maria Isidine Vecchi retaggi e novità nell ' anarchismo , Petr Arinov
, Petr Arinov Ancora sulla " responsabilità collettiva " : qualche precisazione , Il Gruppo del XVIII° dell ' Union Anarchiste Communiste Révolutionnaire
, Il Gruppo del XVIII° dell ' Union Anarchiste Communiste Révolutionnaire Bozza di dichiarazione del 1919 , Esercito Insorto Rivoluzionario ( Makhnovista ) dell ' Ucraina
Први Мај : Симбол на една нова ера во животот и подвигот на работниците , Нестор Махн о
Морское Гуляйполе , Вячеслав Азаров
, Вячеслав Азаров Махно в Париже , Л. Никулин
El Abecedario del anarquista revolucionario , Nestor Makhno
, Nestor Makhno ¿ Guerra o revolución ?
La Batalla de Alexandrovsk - Enero de 1918 , Nestor Makhno
, Nestor Makhno
El poder " soviético " , su presente y su futuro , Nestor Makhno
, Nestor Makhno La Makhnovtchina y el antisemitismo , Nestor Makhno
, Nestor Makhno Lenin y el leninismo , ¿guías del proletariado mundial ? , Nestor Makhno
, Nestor Makhno
Los caminos del poder " proletario " , Nestor Makhno
, Nestor Makhno Nuestra organización , Nestor Makhno [ nueva traducción ]
, Nestor Makhno [ nueva traducción ]
Proyecto de declaración adoptado por el Soviet Revolucionario Militar , en su reunión del 20 de Octubre de 1919 , Ejército Insurrecional Revolucionario de Ucraina ( Makhnovista )
, en su reunión del 20 de Octubre de 1919 , Ejército Insurrecional Revolucionario de Ucraina ( Makhnovista )
Por el X aniversario del movimiento insurrecional Makhnovista en Ucraina , Nestor Makhno
, Nestor Makhno Unas palabras de los Makhnovistas a los trabajadores cosacos del Don y del Kuban , Ejército Revolucionario Insurrecional de Ucrania ( Makhnovista )
, Ejército Revolucionario Insurrecional de Ucrania ( Makhnovista ) Camaradas campesinos , Ejército Revolucionario Insurreccional de Ucrania ( Makhnovchina )
, Ejército Revolucionario Insurreccional de Ucrania ( Makhnovchina )
Abajo el combate fratricida , Insurgentes makhnovistas
, Insurgentes makhnovistas Memorias de un partisano Makhnovista , Ossip Tsebry
Sure we ’ve all in that moment of unclarity felt like we could handle the problem ourselves using our MacGyver like skills but there are certain instances where it ’s just better to lay down the money and call in the professional .
Here are some examples of when things should not be “ home - made ” .
Circular Saw
Toilets
Hot Tubs
Waterslides
Snowplows
Scaffolding
Razors
Playground Equipment
Motorcycle Headlights
Golf Clubs
Refrigerators
Flamethrowers
Electrical Poles
Bicycle Child Seats
Central Heating
Cell Phone Batteries
Automobile Aerodynamics
Boats
Diving Boards
Circuit Breakers
Neither the Defence nor the Prosecution lawyers have sufficient security clearance !
The Magistrates Court bail hearing hearing is adjourned until Thursday 25th March 2010 .
The Western Morning News ( which covers the West of England , including Devon , where Daniel Houghton 's family is based ) reports :
Spy case delay over secrets clearance
Saturday , March 13 , 2010 , 10:00 A FORMER MI6 spy charged with trying to sell top secret files to a foreign country has not been able to brief his lawyers because they do not have security clearance to speak to him .
Daniel Houghton , whose family live in Holne , near Ashburton , Devon , and who studied graphic design in Exeter , remains in custody and cannot apply for bail until lawyers are given clearance .
Houghton , 25 , is accused of attempting to sell confidential electronic files , including memory sticks and a laptop hard drive detailing MI5 's intelligence - gathering techniques .
However , his lawyers and the legal team prosecuting him , found they would be in breach of the Official Secrets Act and could be charged with breaking the law themselves if they went ahead with the case .
This is suspiciously odd .
Previous Official Secrets
Act trials have not needed specially cleared defence and prosecution lawyers .
Surely a Judge can be trusted to decide what secret evidence to include or exclude from an Official Secrets trial ?
Prosecutions under the Official Secrets
Act need the consent of the Attorney General , so has she changed the rules , without any Parliamentary scrutiny or debate ?
Why are Crown Prosecution Service lawyers chosen for an Official Secrets
Act case somehow not to be trusted ?
Perhaps this media report is a bit misleading
" security cleared " lawyers are not necessary for the more serious charge ( with a longer potential prison sentence ) against Daniel Houghton under the Theft Act .
[...]
Piers Arnold , prosecuting , outlined the dilemma during a brief hearing at City of Westminster Magistrates ' Court .
He said : " What the joint proposal is today is that the matter be put off for a period of two weeks with a view to carrying out the relevant security clearance procedures for the defence so they are in a position to take full and mindful instructions from their client . "
Michael O'Kane , defending , said : " In order to get instructions from Mr Houghton with a view to ascertaining whether a full bail application can be made , we would be falling foul of the Official Secrets Act and exposing him to further offences as well as ourselves . "
District Judge Timothy Workman adjourned the case until Thursday March 25 , when a bail application is expected to be made . [...]
How can the defence lawyers be prosecuted under the Official Secrets Act , when their conversations with their client are supposedly Legally Privileged ?
Why do the lawyers , on either side , need full access to all the secret information allegedly being sold , simply for a bail hearing ?
Who will security vet the Judge in the case ?
" security vetting " , is obviously no guarantee of any sort , since many other accused spies in the past have had a very high " security clearance " , which proved to be worthless .
There is no legal basis , under the Official Secrets Act 1989 , for any exemptions from prosecution for anybody , even if they actually do have a " security clearance " , something which is not mentioned at all in the wording of the Act .
There is still no mention of why Houghton is not being prosecuted under the Terrorism Act section 58 .
There is still no mention of which country 's intelligence agency Houghton is accused of thinking that he was selling the top secrets to .
The Texas Taliban
There ’s been talk lately in Texas about seceding from the US .
Even Republican Governor Rick Perry has broadly hinted that Texas should exercise its “ tenth amendment ” rights .
Well , here ’s a website that makes me think it might be a good idea to let them do it : Repent Amarillo .
This is the Texas Taliban , similar in almost all respects to their Afghanistan soulmates , except that they pray to a different God .
And just to reinforce the point — the term “ Army of God ” is a rough translation of “ Hezbollah . ”
This is not a joke .
They ’re dead serious .
The site is packed with militaristic imagery , and plays audio on some pages with martial music and the sound of gunshots .
Their mission statement includes this list of heathen and / or demonic causes that they ’ve marked for destruction :
Some of the possible missions that these two groups may be called upon to work will be some of the following :
1. Gay pride events .
2. Earth worship events such as “ Earth Day ”
3. Pro-abortion events or places such as Planned Parenthood
4 . Breast cancer events such as “ Race for the Cure ” to illuminate the link between abortion and breast cancer .
5 . Opening day of public schools to reach out to students .
6. Spring break events .
7. Demonically based concerts .
8. Halloween events .
9 . Other events that may arise that the ministry feels called to confront .
These large events may involve both the intercessory prayer AND the soldier groups .
Some of the smaller events that can be accomplished in between the larger events may be :
1. Sexually oriented businesses such as pornography shops , strip joints , and XXX - rated theaters .
2 . Idolatry locations such as palm readers , false religions , and witchcraft .
Many of the smaller missions listed above may be just prayer oriented missions for tearing down demonic strongholds or they may involve more aggressive use of soldiers and prayer warriors .
Some other missions occasionally employed may be “ undercover operations ” where the groups show up together but are not publicly visible together to effect the outcome of a public meeting such as city commissioners meetings , etc .
And they do n’t just talk about this .
They ’ve posted a Google map ( they call it the “ Warfare Map ” ) with markers for the locations of their current targets , including Buddhist churches and Islamic mosques , and even an Episcopal church because they do n’t hate gays .
Here ’s the description on their map for St. Andrew ’s Episcopal Church :
Referred to an OUTstanding Amarillo ’s ( Homosexual activists ) website as a ‘ gay friendly ’ church .
In other words , they do not tell homosexuals who attend this church that they must repent of the sin of homosexuality .
This is a serious violation of scripture .
The Texas Observer has an account of Repent Amarillo ’s relentless harassment of a private swinger ’s club : He Who Casts the First Stone .
In June , when the building reopened , Repent Amarillo became an almost - constant presence , shouting through bullhorns , blasting Christian music , haranguing club members , following swingers in vehicles and sticking video cameras into people ’s faces .
The Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission has been called out twice .
Police records show that nearby businesses have called frequently with noise complaints .
Repent even showed up on occasion when the Route 66 building was rented out for non-swinger events .
“ They have been here every time we open our doors , regardless of what kind of functions we have , whether I ’m down here doing maintenance , cleaning , whatever , ” Mac says .
“ They do n’t have a life .
Well , I guess we are their lives .
We ’re their blood .
At three or four in the morning , we ’ll open the door , and there they are .
They come waddling out of their vehicles with their cameras . ”
At first , the swinger community was mystified by the attention .
On the 60 - some hours of surveillance footage the Meads have , a swinger can be heard telling a Repent member that the swingers have n’t done anything to bother them .
“ You ’re going to hell , and it bothers me , ” Grisham responds .
“ What bothers me is you ’re going to hell . ”
Perhaps the most insidious tactic Repent uses is trying to destroy the reputation of the swingers .
In Amarillo , people can be ostracized over a whiff of impropriety .
On one tape , Grisham directs followers to get the license - plate numbers in the Route 66 parking lot .
“ A new couple can be here three or four hours , ” says Mac .
“ Whenever they leave , the Repent Amarillo group will call them by first and last name , know where they live , know where they work , just within a very few hours . ”
It takes a lot these days for my jaw to drop , but this is seriously bad craziness .
( Hat tip : PZ Myers . )
Stewart Udall , U.S. Secretary of the Interior under Kennedy and Johnson and a prominent member of a prolific Mormon political dynasty , passed away Saturday morning at his home in Sante Fe , New Mexico , according to a statement from his son , Senator Tom Udall .
Known affectionately as “ Stew , ” he was ninety years old and the last surviving member of Kennedy ’s original cabinet .
While he did not remain an active Latter - day Saint in his later life , he nevertheless kept close ties with the Church and continued to self - identify as a Mormon , claiming that he was “ Mormon born and bred , and it ’s inside me …
I prize my Mormon heritage and status . ”
More than that , throughout his adult life he served as an important intermediary for the Church on both political and religious matters .
Background and Public Life
Stew was the son of former Arizona Supreme Court Justice Levi S. Udall .
He was born in the small town of St. Johns , Arizona in 1920 and attended the University of Arizona before leaving on a mission to the Eastern States in 1940 .
After his mission , Stew enlisted in the Air Force , serving as a B - 24 gunner and flying fifty missions over Europe during World War II .
Upon returning from his service , Stew attended law school at the University of Arizona , graduating in 1948 .
He also married Ermalee Webb that same year , his life - long companion with whom he had six children .
In the 1950s , Stew entered politics and was elected in 1954 to the U.S. House of Representatives , where he served until John F. Kennedy appointed him U.S. Secretary of the Interior in 1961 ( after Stew helped turn the state out for him in the 1960 election ) .
As a congressman , Stew was a strong supporter of environmental and civil rights legislation .
Once appointed as cabinet secretary , he actively used his position to support environmental issues .
Among his political accomplishments , he helped to guide numerous landmark environmental measures through Congress , including the Wild erness Act of 1964 , the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 , the Endangered Species Preservation Act of 1966 , the National Trail System Act of 1968 , Solid Waste Disposal Act of 1965 , the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act of 1968 , and the Clear Air , Water Quality and Clean Water Restoration Acts and Amendments .
He also helped to expand the National Park Service to include “ four new national parks , six new national monuments , eight seashores and lakeshores , nine recreation areas , 20 historic sites and 56 wildlife refuges . ”
Some of these additions include “ Canyonlands National Park in Utah , North Cascades National Park in Washington , Redwood National Park in California and the Appalachian National Scenic Trail stretching from Georgia to Maine . ”
As a result of these successes and his life - long advocacy of environment and conservation issues , Stew has become an icon of sorts within these movements .
Indeed , his passing has brought with it a flood of condolences from leaders at every level of government .
After Johnson left office in 1969 , Stew taught for a time , authored several books , and continued to champion environmental issues , leading a high - profile legal crusade on behalf of the victims of radiation exposure from Cold War -era nuclear programs .
While his lawsuits failed in court , they led to the enactment of the Radiation Exposure Safety Act in 1990 ( which Stew helped to write ) , that compensated thousands of Americans affected by the exposure .
Of his public service , Stew said “ I was taught that a person may aspire to nothing higher than to be a public servant . ”
And this certainly was reflected in the lives of the Udall family , whose political reach has been tremendous .
In addition to a father and an uncle who served on the Arizona Supreme Court , Stew ’s brother Morris ( “ Mo ” ) was elected in Stew ’s Congressional District after his appointment as Secretary of the Interior .
Mo himself became a legendary force in politics , eventually challenging Jimmy Carter for the 1976 Democratic presidential nomination .
Stew ’s son
Tom was a five - term congressman from New Mexico who was elected to the Senate in 2008 .
Mo ’s son Mark was a five - term congressman from Colorado who was also elected to the Senate in 2008 .
Stew ’s nephew Gordon Smith was a two - term Senator from Oregon .
And Stew ’s cousin , Rex E. Lee was Solicitor General during the Reagan administration .
Stew and the Church
Stew was the oldest son in a very active Mormon household ( Stew ’s dad was Stake President throughout his youth until he was elected to Arizona ’s Supreme Court in 1946 ) .
Stew remained active himself until well into his twenties .
In a fascinating interview with James W. Ure published in Leaving the Fold : Candid Conversations with Inactive Mormons , Stew talked at length about his relationship with the Church , noting that his parents had instilled in him a strong allegiance to the Church .
Stew spoke highly about his mission , saying “ I look back on my missionary experience as fruitful experience .
I got a lot out of it , and I came away with warm feelings toward the church . ”
He actively participated in institute while at the University of Arizona ( both before and after the war ) , and cites two institute teachers , Lowell Bennion and Sterling McMurrin , as formative influences on his life .
His wife Ermalee came from a similar Mormon background and they “ had pretty much the same experience and attitudes with the Church … neither of us was ever devoted church - goers ; we maintained our ties , but did n’t participate much . ”
While four of Stew and Ermalee ’s six children chose to be baptized , Stew said they did n’t press the Church hard as parents “ [ s ] o our children have n’t had strong ties with the Church , but they have n’t drifted over to other Churches . ”
Regarding his relationship with the Church in his later years , Stew said “ I ’ve never had any desire to sever any ties ; in fact , some of them have grown stronger these last years . ”
Stew ’s strong connection with the Church was very cultural .
When asked about his belief in the story of Joseph Smith and the gold plates , he said “ I do n’t go out of my way to wrestle with that — the kind of thing that to me is not the heart of Mormonism . ”
In assessing allegations of whether or not he was a “ good Mormon , ” he would say “ I ’m my own unique kind of Mormon and I ’ll stay that way .
So do n’t you pass judgment on me , and I wo n’t on you . ”
Political and Religious Point of Contact
While serving in political office , particularly during his time as a Cabinet Secretary and confidant to Presidents Kennedy and Johnson , Stew served as an ambassador and a point of contact for the Church within the administration .
Stew accompanied Kennedy to his landmark speech at the Salt Lake Tabernacle in 1963 , and in September 1964 , while on a trip to the West Coast with President Johnson , he remembered helping to set up an unscheduled trip to see David O. McKay in Salt Lake : “ President [ Johnson ] decided that he wanted to stop off that night or the next morning , I forget which it was , to see David O. McKay … .
And this was all put together in a matter of a few hours , which really made him scramble .
But he said , ‘ I ’d like to see him , let ’s stop . ’ ”
( Incidentally , of this visit , President Johnson said “ I could not fly over Utah without stopping to see President McKay … I always feel better after I have been in his presence . ” )
In his interview with Ure , Stew spoke of counseling with some prominent Mormons during his career , and on occasion he would intervene on behalf of members and family .
He proudly noted that he had a hand in starting Rex E. Lee ’s career , “ [ Rex ] was one of the first law clerks for [ Supreme Court ] Justice Byron
White [ who was ] one of my friends . ”
Stew also played a critical role in helping to spur a reconciliation between descendants of the Fancher - Baker party attacked at Mountain Meadows , descendants of John D. Lee , the sole person executed for the massacre there , and the Church .
Stew ’s mother was John D. Lee ’s grand - daughter , and it was a legacy Stew said she always struggled with .
After being approached by Verne Lee–an active Latter - day Saint and Fancher party descendant– about bringing the families together to help “ bury the dead and bury the issue , ” Stew said he went out of his way to help .
He even arranged a meeting with President Gordon B. Hinckley to ask the Church to be a part of the proposed reconciliation .
These efforts culminated in the erection of a monument , paid for by the Church , at the site of the massacre in 1999 , with a dedication ceremony involving descendants of both the victims and the perpetrators .
At a special reinterment ceremony the day before the monument ’s dedication , Stew , “ with great emotion , ” read a poem he had written years earlier and dedicated to the memory of his mother :
Blacks and the Priesthood
During the 1960s , Stew also lobbied the Church regarding its policy on blacks and the priesthood , first behind the scenes , then publicly .
In 1961 , he discussed the issue in a meeting with David O. McKay and the First Presidency .
That same year , he also wrote McKay ’s counselors in the First Presidency , Presidents Henry D. Moyle and Hugh B. Brown , expressing his worry over the Church ’s position : “ I am deeply concerned over the growing criticism of our church with regard to the issues of racial equality and the rights of minority groups … .
It is my judgment that unless something is done to clarify the official position of the church these sentiments will become the subject of widespread public comment and controversy . ”
In 1963 , after David O. McKay declined an invitation by John F. Kennedy to attend a meeting of religious leaders to discuss his proposed civil rights legislation , Udall again exchanged letters with Elder Brown with his concerns .
In 1967 , Stew decided to go public with his concerns , publishing a letter to the editor in Dialogue urging that the priesthood restriction be lifted : “ Every Mormon knows that his Church teaches that the day will come when the Negro will be given full fellowship .
Surely that day has come . ”
Before the issue of Dialogue went to print , Stew sent a copy to David O. McKay with a letter saying : “ I want you to personally know that I have expressed myself with humility and utter honesty – and always with the prayerful thought that my action will , in the long run , help , not harm , the church . ”
The letter earned Stew “ very stern rebuking letters ” from Elder Spencer W. Kimball and Elder Delbert Stapley ( who also , incidentally , wrote Governor George Romney criticizing his public embrace of the civil rights movement ) .
Stew nevertheless said he was “ very proud of [ the letter to the editor ] to this day … .
I made a statement , a statement of conscience . ”
In reflecting on the eventual lifting of the ban , Stew said “ President Kimball , whom I consider the most inspired Mormon president of this century , did the right thing , and I ’ve been enormously pleased by it . ”
In Memoriam
Stew represents an earlier time in politics .
He was always an example of integrity and sincerity , whether or not one agreed with the policies he advocated .
His Mormon upbringing informed both his work and his political views throughout his life .
Stew ’s concern for both the environment and the less fortunate are reflected in his lifetime of public service and advocacy .
While he did not actively participate a great deal after graduating law school , Stew remained close with the Church throughout his life and played a key role for the Church in several important developments and debates .
At a time when there is increased media attention on Mormon Church and its politicians , Stew reflects well on the Church and leaves a legacy that can make Mormons proud .
Video games can be cruel and other gamers are assholes .
So it 's little wonder that we get irrationally enraged from time to time .
We blow up .
We calm down .
We move on .
But for some unfortunate gamers , their outbursts are captured and - in the spirit of sharing the rage around - unkindly posted on YouTube .
And these are 10 of the loudest , funniest , offensive , disturbing and truly psychotic gamer rages we could find .
WARNING : These videos contain words that your mother probably would n't approve of
He can't afford an internet
So angry he even has milk on his face
Monitor destroys man 's spirit .
Man destroys monitor
Even professional gamers rage sometimes ( part one )
The one that 's more like a hissy fit
On the next page : Watch an out - of - control gamer hit himself on the head with his own shoe
What College Graduates Do n’t Know About America
When The REV .
Martin Luther King Jr. stood at the Lincoln Memorial in 1963 and delivered his famous “ I Have a Dream ” speech , he did not condemn the principles of America ’s founding , he confirmed them :
“ When the architects of our republic wrote the magnificent words of the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence , they were signing a promissory note to which every American was to fall heir . ”
Nor did King neglect the memory of the president whose marble likeness sat behind him .
Echoing the Gettysburg Address , King urged the nation to recall what Lincoln did : “ Five score years ago , a great American , in whose symbolic shadow we stand today , signed the Emancipation Proclamation . ”
From the Birmingham jail that same year , King pointed Americans back to the philosophical roots of Jefferson ’s Declaration : “ To put it in terms of St. Thomas Aquinas :
An unjust law is a human law that is not rooted in eternal law and natural law . ”
What College Graduates Do n’t Know About America
This ranking shows that those who ended their formal education with a bachelor ’s degree have significant trouble with questions on the founding and Civil War eras , constitutional themes , and market economics .
Rank / Theme of Question % Correct 1 . Free Markets vs. Centralized Planning 16.94 % 2 . The Puritans 23.44 3 . Gettysburg Address 23.73 4 . Lincoln–Douglas Debates 24.21 5 . Source of phrase “ a wall of separation ” 26.28 6 . FDR and the Supreme Court 29.74 7 .
Taxes and Government Spending 31.37 8 . Action Prohibited by the Bill of Rights 32.83 9 .
Socrates , Plato , Aristotle , Aquinas 33.57 10 .
Definition of a Public Good 34.12 11 . Fiscal Policy for Economic Stimulus 42.99 12 . Anti-Federalists and the Constitution 43.77 13 .
International Trade 47.47 14 . Definition of Free Enterprise 53.47 15 .
Policy Tool of the Federal Reserve 56.52 16 .
Business Profit 60.01 17 .
Abortion 62.08 18 .
Power to Declare War 62.66 % 19 .
Three Branches of Government 64.43 20 .
Definition of a Progressive Tax 64.48 21 .
Federal Branches and Foreign Policy 67.78 22 .
U.S. – Soviet Tension in 1962 75.47 23 .
World War II Enemies 77.71 24 .
Electoral College 78.19 25 .
FDR ’s Government Programs 79.2 26 .
Scopes “ Monkey Trial ” 81.32 27 .
Sputnik 81.8 28 .
First Amendment Freedoms 82.22 29 . M. L. King ’s “ I Have a Dream ” 85.26 30 .
Powers of the Federal Government 85.56 31 .
Susan B. Anthony 87.24 32 . Commander in Chief 89.61 33 .
Declaration of Independence 89.85
King saw a vital line running through Aquinas , Jefferson , and Lincoln to Americans answering the call of the civil rights movement .
The results of this survey today suggest that this line of historical memory King so powerfully evoked is beginning to fade among college graduates .
College Graduates ’ Economic Illiteracy
Are College Graduates prepared to deliberate wisely on the free market and public policy ?
This chart details how graduates did on some fundamental economics questions , and includes the most popular incorrect answer for each question .
Whether the question concerns “ the Fed , ” fiscal policy , trade , or free enterprise in general , “ College Joe ” appears to be economically illiterate .
Which of the following is a policy tool of the Federal Reserve ?
56.5 % answered correctly
20.7 % selected the incorrect answer :
Increasing or decreasing government spending International trade and specialization most often lead to which of the following ?
47.5 % answered correctly
20.9 % selected the incorrect answer :
A decrease in a natio’s economic growth in the long term Free enterprise or capitalism exists insofar as : 53.5 % answered correctly
13.4 % selected the incorrect answer :
Government implements policies that favorbusinesses over consumers Business profit is : 60.0 % answered correctly
14.1 % selected the incorrect answer :
Assets minus liabilities
Which of the following fiscal policy combinations would a government most likely follow to stimulate economic activity when the economy is in a severe recession ?
43.0 % answered correctly
35.2 % selected the incorrect answer :
Decreasing both taxes and spending Free markets typically secure more economic prosperity than government ’s centralized planning because : 16.9 % answered correctly
40.8 % selected the incorrect answer :
More tax revenue can be generated from free enterprise
Almost 90 % know “ life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness ” are the inalienable rights referred to in the Declaration .
But only 34 % know Aristotle and Aquinas would concur in the basic principle that “ certain permanent moral and political truths are accessible to human reason . ”
Eighty - two percent can name at least one right or freedom in the First Amendment , but only 24 % know the main issue of the Lincoln– Douglas debates was whether slavery should be allowed to expand into new territories .
Eighty - five percent know King ’s “ I Have a Dream ” speech expressed his hope for racial justice , but only 24 % recognize the language of Lincoln ’s Gettysburg Address .
Overall , the survey shows that bachelor ’s - degree holders tend to know twentieth - century American history better than free - market economics and themes that pre-date the twentieth century , especially constitutional principles and the founding and Civil War eras .
This is partly due to a bias toward twentieth - century themes in pre-college education , and although there is evidence that colleges begin to reverse this bias , earning a bachelor ’s degree does not close this significant gap in civic knowledge .
“ And so even though we face the difficulties of today and tomorrow , I still have a dream , ” King said at the Lincoln Memorial .
“ It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream . ”
To keep that dream alive , colleges must do a better job teaching our historical and philosophical foundations .
With 16 seconds left and the Devils ahead , the Rangers saw their playoff chances slipping away .
But Chris Drury tied the game with a late goal , and the Rangers defeated the Devils , 4 - 3 , in a shootout win Thursday night at the Prudential Center .
Rangers center Erik Christensen scored the only shootout goal , clinching the win for the Rangers .
Christensen came down and fired a shot low on Devils ’ goalie Martin Brodeur .
The puck bounced off the right post and seemed to go into the net for the goal .
The officials first ruled no goal , but video replays showed the puck hit the netting and came out of the goal .
Christensen was credited with the shootout tally .
The Rangers would n’t have got to the shootout if not for Chris Drury .
With the Rangers trailing , 3 - 2 , Drury scored with 16 seconds left in the third period to tie the game at three .
After winning the faceoff , the Rangers sent the puck behind the net .
Christensen controlled the puck and sent a backhanded pass to the crease .
Drury one - timed the puck past the pads of Brodeur for his 12th goal of the season .
Jamie Langenbrunner gave the Devils a lead , 3 - 2 , at 12:57 of the third period .
With the Rangers in the midst of a line change , Patrik Elias Elias sent a backhanded pass to Langenbrunner along the blue line .
The captain skated the puck into the left circle and blasted a puck past Lundqvist for his 17th goal of the season .
Ilya Kovalchuk began the scoring at 5:21 of the first period .
The Devils moved into the zone with a 3 - on - 2 rush , and Brian Rolston put a slap shot on goalie Henrik Lundqvist .
The puck bounced off the heel of his glove , and Kovalchuk put the rebound through Lundqvist ’s pads for his 38th goal of the year .
Rolston ’s assist was his first point in seven games .
Brandon Dubinsky ’s powerplay goal at 7:32 of the second period tied the game at one .
With Rolston in the box for interference , Dubinsky collected a loose puck behind the net .
He skated to the side boards and passed the puck to Michael Del Zotto , who passed the puck right back on a give - and - go .
Dubinsky skated into the right circle and shot the puck through a screen and into the net for his 17th goal of the season .
With the game tied at one , Brodeur made a spectacular save to keep the game tied early in the third .
The Rangers took possession of the puck behind the net .
A pass came to a wide - open Ollie Jokinen in the slot .
The center rifled a shot on goal , but Brodeur stopped the shot with his mask for the save .
Elias ’ goal at 3:53 of the third period put the Devils ahead , 2 - 1. David Clarkson collected a loose puck behind the net and skated it to the side boards .
Elias , coming off the bench , found an open spot in the slot .
He one - timed Clarkson ’s pass over the glove of Lundqvist for his 14th goal of the season .
The Rangers came back to even the score with a goal from Artem Anisimov at 9:40 of the third period .
Anisimov ’s goal came from a bad defensive play by Bryce Salvador .
With Brandon Prust and Salvador racing for the puck in the Devils zone , Salvador decided to try and play Prust instead of the puck .
Prust skated by Salvador and sent a centering pass to Anisimov at the front of the net .
Anisimov held the puck , and Brodeur went down to the butterfly .
Anisimov lifted the puck over a helpless Brodeur and into the net for his 12th goal of the season .
Lundqvist helped keep the Rangers in the game the entire night .
He stopped Elias on two different breakaway opportunities , denying Elias with the pads on both attempts .
Brodeur finished the game with 28 .
Lundqvist finished with 35 saves for the victory .
With the win , the Rangers move within three points of the Boston Bruins for the eighth and final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference .
The Blueshirts , currently 10th in the standings , sit one point behind Atlanta for the ninth spot in the conference .
Despite the loss , the Devils grabbed first place from the idle Pittsburgh Penguins .
Since the Thrashers gained a point tonight , the Devils did not clinch a playoff spot .
Game Notes :
Jody Shelly and Andrew Peters dropped the gloves at 9:01 of the first period .
Shelly landed most of the punches , but Peters knocked him to the ice with a solid right to end the fight …
The Devils took first because of their head - to - head record with the Pittsburgh Penguins … Langenbrunner ’s goal ended an eight - game goal drought …
Ryan Callahan left tonight ’s game and did n’t return after re-aggravating a leg injury … Tonight ’s game was the 12th sellout of the season , a record for the Devils at the Prudential Center .
ok so over the weekend my girlfriend made me quit smoking , but my roommates are total stoners .
so since we 've been dating for 5 years and i havent been smoking for nearly as long i did n't smoke with my roommates this week .
but since i still wanted to have fun in their company i decided to document everything they did until someone went to sleep .
so i started documenting at 2:24 am and did n't finnish until 4:33 am with nonstop writing , something is written down for almost every minute .
so i figured i'd share to you some of my favorite entries of the night
2:25 am Jamie makes fun of my height
2:26 am Jamie apologizes
2:32 am Robbie fails to understand the weather system
2:49 am Tim talks about his Chinese food again and refers to it as " God 's pussy . "
2:56 am Robbie believes that his knee is lighter because all the water in it has turned into air .
3:00 am
They laugh hysterically at Dr. Lipshitz 's name from Rugrats
3:21 am i enter the room to see them all with some form of food and watching a porn spoof of 30 Rock
3:37 am i enter the room to hear them tell me i just missed the best joke ever , so they play it back ... it was n't
4:14 am they ask if i am tired and when i say no they proceed to call me an umpire then a vampire then a vumpire
Why Learn Javascript ?
JavaScript programming is an essential skill in all front end web development .
To be successful in web development , you must learn JavaScript .
It is the best programming language for building interactive websites .
You can also use it to build desktop and mobile apps and games .
JavaScript is one of the easy to learn and use web design languages .
How Long Does It Take to Learn Javascript and Get a Job ?
All aspiring web developers want to know how long it will take them to learn JavaScript and start earning .
The answer to this question depends on whether you have some programming skills , or you are just a beginner .
How much time you set apart for learning JavaScript programming will also affect how long it will take you .
People that are not new to the programming world take two to three weeks to learn Javascript .
If you are new in programming , it will take you a couple of months to learn Javascript and start earning by doing entry - level jobs .
In this article , I will be addressing the skills you will need to acquire to become a junior Javascript front end developer and give you a realistic idea of how long it may take you to learn them .
It might take you less or more time , depending on your programming experience level .
People with knowledge of other languages will take less time to learn JavaScript .
To learn JavaScript and become an expert front end developer , you need a strategic approach .
You need to know where to start and where to end .
Many people make mistakes here .
There is a lot of misinformation and confusion about where to start .
I will outline the best path for better and quick results .
Here are the steps to becoming a JavaScript web developer .
Steps to Becoming a Javascript Web Developer
1. Learn Vanilla Javascript
Vanilla JavaScript is plain JS without additional libraries or frameworks such as jQuery .
Start with learning vanilla JS before progressing to its libraries .
For you to get a job in JavaScript front end development , you need to have intermediate knowledge of how certain concepts work .
You do n’t have to master all the functional programming and other aspects , but at least understand primary functions like apply , bind , and call .
You can learn all the fundamentals through intermediate JavaScript in about six to nine months , depending on your programming experience .
Check The Web Developer Bootcamp by Colt Steele to speed up your education .
There are plenty of other JavaScript boot camps available .
Visit Which is the Best Online JavaScript Bootcamp for You ?.
Move on to learning JavaScript libraries and frameworks after understanding complex topics such as closures and hoistings .
2. Learn Javascript Libraries
There are tens of JavaScript libraries .
You only need to read those that are important to know .
Some of the top JavaScript libraries to learn include :
jQuery
DOJO toolkit
Google polymer
JavaScript InfoVis toolkit
Pixi
D3
SWFObject
Three
j Query is the most common JS library .
Most JavaScript courses use jQuery .
Alternatively , you can choose to learn React.js .
It is an important JS library to learn for building user interfaces .
It is the best for single - page web and mobile applications .
Do n’t make a mistake many people make .
Avoid humping to learn
React before completing JavaScript vanilla only because it makes your job as a developer easy .
By jumping to learning JS libraries before vanilla , you will miss learning some programming concepts that you will need to use later .
Read The Complete Guide React .
It is a 40 hours tutorial on how to get started with React.js and projects you can add to your portfolio .
3. Learn Relevant Javascripts Frameworks
Frameworks are more complex than libraries .
Unlike libraries that will allow you to choose the methods and features you want to add to your code , in frameworks , you add your code to their unique structure .
You need a solid understanding of JavaScript to use frameworks because they have their syntax , and it is upon you to adapt it .
There are many front end frameworks to learn .
The best framework for you will depend on where you want to work and the projects you will be building .
For web applications with many features , Ember.js is the best for you .
Angular.js is the best for complex projects that require stability .
Other popular frameworks include Vue , Backbone , Meteor , and Knockout .
Learning frameworks will take you one to three months .
4. Back - End Web Development
Once you master JavaScript front end development , it is time to start learning back end development that includes MongoDB , Node.js , and Express.js .
Node.js will allow you to run your JavaScript code on a server .
Learning back - end web development will take you about a month .
After completing the web development course , start by building a project to add to your portfolio .
No client will come for you if you do n’t have any project in your portfolio .
The best thing with learning JavaScript is that you do n’t have to tarmac looking for a job .
Once you have the skills , you can start working as a freelancer .
Sign up in platforms for web development such as Rent A Coder , 10 xManagement , and Topcoder .
Everyday we chow down on food produced from plants that carry deadly poisons .
Most of the time we do n’t need to be concerned with this as the mass production of fruit and vegetables ensures that we are usually safe , but from time to time people accidentally kill themselves by unwittingly eating the wrong part of a plant .
In order to ensure that this never happens to you , I have put together a list of the most commonly seen poisons that we come in to contact with in our kitchens .
10 . Cassava ( Yuca )
Though not too widely used in the United States , cassava is a woody shrub that is generally found in the Caribbean and South America .
When using cassava , it can either be made to be sweet or bitter .
The taste , as well as the smell , all depends on the amount of cyanogenic glucosides , which are in fact , extremely poisonous .
Most who prepare it like it to be bitter , as it keeps away insects and even animals .
If cassava is prepared incorrectly , it can be deadly .
Cassava poisoning , due to high levels of cyanide , is known as Konzo .
Cassava poisoning leads to irreversible paralysis .
Interesting fact : Cassava roots are ground into a flour - like substance which is then used to make tapioca .
Cassava leaves contain cyanide but if pounded into a paste with flour and left in the shade for 5 hours , the cyanide is broken down .
9. Pufferfish
Pufferfish stand to be the second most poisonous vertebrate in the world .
Though you wo n’t find pufferfish in the U.S. , many in Korea as well as Japan find some parts of the fish to be delicacies .
However , certain organs of the fish , such as the liver , as extremely toxic , and can be deadly .
The poison in the fish , known as tetrodotoxin , can cause numbness , high blood pressure , and muscle paralysis , which is what leads to death as the diaphragm muscles become paralyzed , disabling breathing .
Known as fugu when eaten as a meal , many in Asian countries refuse to not eat the fish .
Interesting fact : Pufferfish has been made illegal to be eaten by the Emperor of Japan .
8. Mushrooms
There are about 5000 types of mushrooms known in the U.S. and about 100 of them are said to be toxic , while less than a dozen are deadly .
In any case , mushrooms can cause gastrointestinal discomfort .
Since mushrooms are fungi and the fact that there are so many species , it can be hard to know which are poisonous .
As rule of thumb , it is usually said that any mushroom found in the wild are more than likely poisonous .
One of the deadliest types of mushroom toxins is Alpha- amanitin , which causes extreme liver damage .
Toadstools , as they are called , are the poisonous mushrooms .
Interesting fact :
There are 38,000 known kinds of mushrooms ; about 5 % of these are toxic .
7. Cashews
Though really seeds and not nuts , cashews grow inside of a shell - like structure that grows on a fruit .
When buying “ raw cashews ” in the store , take note that these nuts have actually been steamed and are not entirely raw .
This is because raw cashews contain urushiol , which is the same chemical that you ’d find in poison ivy .
It can cause the body to have a very similar reaction to one experienced from poison oak or ivy .
If a high level of urushiol is ingested , it can be deadly .
Cashew poisoning is rare , but those who handle them in order to manufacture them to get the shell off sometimes experience the side - effects .
Interesting fact : Cashews come from a fruit , which in South American countries , is eaten , and the seeds ( cashews ) are then thrown away .
6. Chilies
You ’ve probably eaten a chili or two in your life .
No matter if it was an extremely hot one , or one that was pretty mild , every chili you have ever consumed has contained a chemical called capsaicin .
In chilies , capsaicin is what makes them spicy and “ hot . ”
Of course one chili wo n’t hurt , but if you eat enough of them , capsaicin can kill you .
The chemical is so strong that it is used as a paint stripper , and it is even used in pepper spray used by police forces .
In hotter chilies , such as habaneros , capsaicin can be felt on the skin if you cut the chili , as it will produce a burning sensation .
Interesting fact : Chilies are extremely high in Vitamin C .
One green chili pod is said to contain about 6 times as much Vitamin C .
5. Potatoes
We ’ve all heard something or another about potatoes .
Whether it is the potato famine , some Irish story , or some other historical event centered on potatoes , one thing you may not have heard of is that potatoes are toxic .
The stem and leaves of the plant are toxic , and even the potato itself is toxic .
If you ’ve ever looked at a potato , you may have realized that some turn a greenish color .
This is due to levels of glycoalkaloid poison .
In the past , there have been deaths due to potato poisoning .
It is rare , but most happen due to someone drinking potato leaf tea , or eating green potatoes .
Death does n’t come suddenly .
It usually results in weakness and then a coma .
Do n’t worry about having the occasional green potato chip , but do discard any potatoes that have green eyes , sprouts , or greenish skins , rather than prepare and serve them , especially to children .
Interesting fact : Potatoes make great food for astronaut !
In fact in 1995 potato plants were taken into orbit on the Columbia and actually grown .
4. Almonds
Almonds , most always said to be nuts , are actually seeds and are extremely popular in kitchens around the world .
Much like cashews , almonds are extremely poisonous if not introduced to some sort of heat source .
It is generally the bitter almonds that need to be treated to get rid of the poison .
The seeds are full of cyanide , and in many countries are illegal to sell without having been processed in order to get rid of the poison within the seed .
Interesting fact : Almonds are said to be one of the earliest cultivated foods , being mentioned in the Bible ’s Old Testament .
3. Cherries
Cherries are definitely one of the most versatile fruits .
You can eat them raw , cook them , bake them , and get them tart or sweet .
Cherries can even be used in certain types of liquor .
Despite their overall red goodness , cherries are toxic .
If you ’ve ever eaten a cherry and without thought chewed on the pip or left it in your mouth , you more than likely introduced hydrogen cyanide into your body .
If a cherry pip is chewed , crushed , or somehow damaged , it automatically produces hydrogen cyanide .
Symptoms of mild poisoning include headache , dizziness , confusion , anxiety , and vomiting .
Larger doses can lead to difficulty breathing , increased blood pressure and heart rate , and kidney failure .
Reactions can include coma , convulsions , and death from respiratory arrest .
Interesting fact : Cherries contain extremely high amounts of Melatonin which is good for helping and keeping the body regulated .
2. Apples
Apples are definitely a popular fruit no matter where you go .
Like others on the list , and many other types of fruits , apples contain cyanide , but not in high levels .
The fruit itself does not contain the chemical , but you will find cyanide in the apple ’s seeds .
Eating all of the seeds in one apple wo n’t kill you , but it ’s definitely not recommended .
Of course , if enough apple seeds are eaten , this means chewed and swallowed , it can result in complications .
Interesting fact : Apples float because at least 25 % of their mass is nothing but air .
1. Tomato
Despite the extreme popularity of tomatoes and many countries , it is true that they are poisonous .
Though the fruit itself does n’t contain poison , the stem as well as the leaves contain a chemical known as glycoalkaloid .
Higher levels are said to be found in wild tomatoes , but those grown domestically still contain glycoalkaloid .
This chemical is known to cause upset stomachs and nervousness .
The leaves and stem can be used in cooking for flavor , but must be removed before eating .
This chemical is so powerful that it is actually used as a way to control pests .
Interesting fact : In 1893 , in the U.S. Supreme Court case Nix v. Hedden , it was argued whether or not a tomato was a vegetable or a fruit , which dealt with taxes being paid on vegetbles and not fruits .
In the end , the court ruled that a tomato is a vegetable when referring to the Tariff Act , but is botanically a fruit .
Valentine 's Day is a holiday of embarrassing cliches , yet as Gawker 's Brian Moylan recently pointed out , being anti-Valentine 's Day is just as cliched and tired .
So can one get through the holiday without looking like a complete tool ?
Perhaps !
Advertisement
1. Make It A Kid's Holiday : Jennifer Howze of the Times of London 's Alpha Mummy blog suggests sidestepping both sides of the adult Valentine 's Day conundrum by making the holiday one for children , though those of us who do n't have children , or have other people 's children in our lives in some direct way , might not be able to shift the Valentine 's Day goofiness over to the land of construction paper hearts and classroom cupcakes that easily .
That said , I do n't have any kids and my niece and nephews live hours away , but that 's not going to stop me from making cupcakes .
Ever. EVER !
TEAM CAKE FOR LIFE !
Advertisement
2. Embrace It : Singles Edition :
While the anti-Valentine 's day train has been parked at the station for the past decade or so , perhaps its time to just embrace everything stupid and corporate and annoying about the holiday in a different way .
Sure , you can still hate Valentine 's Day and all it stands for , but there are only so many times one can burn letters and rip pictures before the endeavor becomes a bit sad , no ?
Instead , throw a Romantic Comedy Cliche party , and invite everyone to show up in character as a high - powered magazine editor with a designer wardrobe ( just get a t - shirt and write " Dior " on it ) who can't seem to get lucky in love .
Then get drunk ( on wine or Cosmos , of course ) , sing Motown songs into a hairbrush , watch the worst romantic comedies ever , and be happy knowing that as shitty as your love life might be at times , it 's nowhere near as dumb and formulaic as that of every character Kate Hudson has ever played aside from Penny Lane ( and even then , kind of , you know ? ) .
The point is to celebrate love , your friends , and your future .
And also to get a bit trashed and laugh , a lot .
Valentine 's
Day should n't be about dwelling on your past — it should n't be about ANYTHING , really — so why not just have fun with the goofiness of it all ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
3. Embrace It : Couples Edition : Yeah , it 's dumb .
And yeah , you guys are way past professing your love for one another with cards and balloons , because you do that shit everyday , with words and actions , like adults should .
You 're above it .
You 're beyond it .
And you do n't want to deal with making reservations and sitting in restaurants with 17 - year - olds hoping to get laid after whipping out their parents ' credit cards to impress their dates .
That 's fine .
But as Brian noted : " What 's so wrong about expressing the love one has for his partner ?
It 's rare and wonderful to find someone to share one 's life with , and surviving the daily silent tug of war of a relationship should n't go by unnoticed . "
Flowers and candy and a dumb card are n't the most terrible things in the world .
And if that 's still too gross and corporate and backwards and patriarchal and altogether icky , just steal some pink cupcakes from your office party ( the ones with the cinnamon hearts on them ) and split them together with a bottle of gin while watching a dumb movie together on the couch .
Sometimes the best dates are the simplest ones .
Advertisement
4. Ignore It : Another option is to just ignore the holiday completely .
There are a million other things one could be doing that do n't involve anything Valentine 's - related .
As Fred Armisen would say as Joy Behar on SNL : " Sowhatwhocares ? "
If anyone gives you shit on Monday about not having Valentine 's Day plans , just tell them you forgot .
And then tell them why you forgot , as you probably had better plans for Sunday night anyway .
Nobody can fault you for forgetting Valentine 's Day if you were too busy with your awesome friends / class / job / life / etc .
And if they give you shit , feel free to give them shit for making such a big deal out of Valentine 's Day by yelling " chocolate , chocolate , chocolate , ACK ! " every time they walk in the room .
Advertisement
5. Be A Dolphin With A Heart Of Sea Chum : Because whether you destroy the heart - o- chum or embrace it , your adorableness makes this holiday tolerable for everyone .
Ain't love grand ?
Advertisement
The Only Thing Worse Than Valentines Day Is People Who Hate Valentines Day [ Gawker ]
Valentines Day Is For Babies , Also Kids [ AlphaMummy ]
Not quite as effective as a baseball bat or knife but gets the job done .
Campana Brothers New Bamboo Collection For Alessi
The moment I saw the Blow Up bamboo collection from the Campana Brothers for Alessi , I immediately started looking for a couple of pieces for my own place .
It 's crazy how original and stylish these bamboo furnishings and table accessories are .
Usually when I think of bamboo furniture , I think tacky resort furniture or the wicker chair that used to sit in my grandma 's living room .
But the Campana Brothers have put a new school spin on an old school material and they have worked wonders again .
I was tempted to turn my abaya into a black masquerade cloak and sneak into Mecca , just hop over the Tropic of Cancer to the Red Sea and crash the ultimate heaven ’s gate .
Sir Richard Burton , the 19th - century British adventurer , translator of “ The Arabian Nights ” and the “ Kama Sutra ” and self - described “ amateur barbarian , ” was an illicit pilgrim to the sacred black granite cube .
He wore Arab garb and infiltrated the holiest place in Islam , the Kaaba , the “ center of the Earth , ” as he called it , in the Saudi city where the Prophet Muhammad was born .
But in the end , it seemed disrespectful , not to mention dangerous .
So on my odyssey to Saudi Arabia , I tried to learn about the religion that smashed into the American consciousness on 9/11 in a less sneaky way .
And that ’s when the paradox sunk in :
It was nearly impossible for me to experience Islam in the cradle of Islam .
You do n’t have to be a Catholic to go to the Vatican .
You do n’t have to be Jewish to go to the Western Wall ( although if you ’re a woman , you ’re squeezed into a slice of it at the side ) .
You do n’t have to be Buddhist to hear the Dalai Lama speak  and have your picture snapped with him afterward .
Connections to communication networks became one of the most necessary things in the world right now .
During these modern days , people can’t live without communication networks , such as the Internet . …
Read more
We 've all done it before ; you rent out a DVD and you forget to return it .
If you 're like me , you 'll return it and lie to the nice man behind the counter about why it 's so late .
If you 're lucky , he might waive any charges but worst - case scenario , you hand over your late fees and you forget about it .
If you live in Littleton , forgetting about it and going about your day may not be so easy .
Littleton resident Aaron Hensen rented House of Flying Daggers from his local library last year and accidentally packed it when he was moving house .
Fast forward a few months and Aaron is pulled over an arrested by a state trooper on Interstate 70 .
" ( He ) was arrested for a failure to appear warrant out of the City of Littleton , ” Aaron 's father , Allen Henson , explained to 7 News .
Allen said he could n't believe it when he got the call saying his son was in jail for an overdue DVD from Littleton 's Bemis Library .
“ This is a clear violation of his right to due process , ” he said .
However , Aaron says the City attorney told him that they were n't interested in due process .
" The city attorney told me , they were n’t concerned about due process .
What they were concerned about was their DVD . "
Littleton has a $ 30 threshold when it comes to overdue property .
If a DVD or book is worth less than this , they wo n't go to extensive means to get it back .
But , considering House of Flying Daggers was valued at $ 31.45 , the City really wanted to get it back .
7 News reports that the library sent late notices to Aaron 's old address .
Aaron says he never got any phone calls or messages from the library , but the City claims it tried to contact Aaron on numerous occasions , including leaving two messages on his cell phone .
A summons was sent out but this was returned .
A second summons was sent and this one was not returned .
When Aaron did n't show up for the court date , a warrant for his arrest was issued .
The Hensons ended up paying about $ 460 in charges : $ 200 to get Aaron out of jail , $ 200 to get his car out of the impound lot and $ 60 in court fees .
Although all charges were dropped and Aaron returned the DVD , the arrest will remain on his record .
The Mayor of Littleton told 7 News that , in light of the story , the City would be changing its policy on overdue DVDs .
" We 're not going to arrest people who do n't return $ 30 DVDs , " he said .
Here 's the remarkably saccharine cover of Tony Blair 's memoirs .
The casual photo is bad enough , but it's that title -- The Journey , more apt for a reality TV star than a prime minister -- that 's truly shocking .
Compare Blair 's title to Margaret Thatcher 's dignified and elegant The Downing Street Years or Harold Wilson 's Memoirs : the Making of a Prime Minister , and it becomes clear just how bad it is .
The book falls from the tree in September and Blair describes it as " an attempt to inform and shape current and future thinking as much as an historical account of the past " .
So , just as the former PM used his appearance before the Chilcot inquiry to lay the ground for military action against Iran , we can expect his memoirs to offer further thoughts on today 's Middle East .
Reports that the book can be read in less than 45 minutes are yet to be confirmed .
Follow the New Statesman team on Twitter .
Malcolm McLaren stirred up chaos all his life – and even in death , punk 's most inspired interloper will cause controversy
You can , if you so desired , make a strong argument for the importance and originality of the largely forgotten albums Malcolm McLaren released under his own name in the 80s .
The first , Duck Rock , was a particularly innovative blending of hip hop and world music , while the video for the hit single Buffalo Gals offered most Britons their first glimpse of breakdancing .
But it's as The Sex Pistols ' manager that he will be remembered , which means the question of how successful he was in the role is likely to be debated for years to come .
McLaren certainly had an acute grasp of what was wrong with British rock music before The Sex Pistols ' arrival .
He was a nonpareil orchestrator of outrage during their early career , but proved incapable of dealing with its consequences .
McLaren knew exactly what buttons to press , but seemed to have no idea what to do once he'd pressed them : fatally so in the case of Sid Vicious , who was only too willing to play the monster role that McLaren wrote for him right up to a suitably grim conclusion .
You could argue that Vicious ' death from a heroin overdose while on bail for the murder of his girlfriend Nancy Spungen was the greatest disaster of McLaren 's career , but it was a close - run thing .
Even before that , he had seemed at best unable to protect the band 's members from the unprecedented public antipathy he had stirred up , at worst he seemed actively disinterested in doing so .
Perhaps he had his mind on higher concepts than the day - to - day reality of life in a band so reviled that the tabloids stopped just short of actively advocating violence against them : PUNISH THE PUNKS demanded the Sunday Mirror in 1977 .
Perhaps the whole situation had simply run out of his control .
Either way , it was n't much fun being a Sex Pistol in the summer of the Jubilee they so brilliantly mocked on God Save The Queen : Johnny Rotten was attacked by a knife - wielding mob outside a Stoke Newington pub ; later the same day , drummer Paul Cook was beaten with a metal bar in west London ; three days later , Rotten was attacked again .
It was n't until after the band split up that McLaren attempted to reassert his authority over the Sex Pistols : rewriting their story in the film The Great Rock 'n ' Roll Swindle as a masterplan he had controlled all along , the band merely his stooges .
It was n't a terribly convincing argument , nor was it a terribly good film .
Understandably outraged , Johnny Rotten has spent the subsequent years airbrushing McLaren from the Sex Pistols story , pointing out that the music had nothing to do with him , reinventing the band as autodidacts who would have been even more successful without his interference .
But that seems reductive too : without McLaren 's ideas , his art - school grounding in Situationism , without the clothes he and Vivienne Westwood designed for them , the Sex Pistols would n't have been the same band , nor would they have had the same impact .
Neither party would ever admit it , but they needed each other .
Still , if nothing else , the ongoing argument meant Malcolm McLaren remained a controversial figure up to his death , and will remain a controversial figure beyond it – which is presumably just what he wanted .
Our paradise lost : Revealed , the 492 native species driven to extinction
It is being called the sixth great extinction .
Nearly 500 species of plant and animal native to England have been wiped out in the past 2,000 years - with most vanishing in the previous two centuries alone .
The roll - call , detailed in a shocking report , includes mammals such as the wildcat and northern right whale , birds such as the great auk and red - backed shrike , and species of butterflies , dragonflies and beetles .
Some creatures , including the bear , were hunted to extinction after the Romans invaded , while others , such as the short - haired bumblebee , were killed off by modern farming techniques during the 1990s .
A handful of the extinct species were unique to England and can never be brought back , the report by Natural England , which advises the Government on environmental issues , warns .
Its audit - the first - ever of native wildlife - also found that a quarter of English species are declining rapidly or threatened .
Dr Tom Tew , Natural England 's chief scientist , said the Lost Life report - drawing on records going back two millennia - presented a stark message about England 's wildlife .
Under threat :
The Kentish plover became extinct in 1928 due to loss of habitat and changes to farming and peticides
' The message is clear :
We are losing species at an alarming rate and many are seriously threatened , ' he said .
Species once described as ' common ' , such as common sparrows , common frogs and common toads , were now barely seen , he added .
' You do n't need to be an " ologist " to understand that when we lose our wildlife we lose something precious that reduces our quality of life , ' he said .
' Every species has a role , like the rivets in an aeroplane or bricks in a dam , and the overall structure of the environment is weakened when you lose a species . '
Fossil experts believe that the world has gone through five mass extinctions in its history - caused by events including natural climate change , wobbles in the Earth 's orbit and collisions with asteroids .
And , according to some conservationists , the scale of extinction in the past 200 years means we are living through a sixth .
The report found evidence that 492 species have been lost in England - with most killed off since 1800 .
It includes 24 per cent of all butterflies , 22 per cent of amphibians , 15 per cent of dolphins and whales , and 12 per cent of land mammals .
Some - such as the great auk , often nicknamed the ' original penguin ' , and Ivell 's sea anemone - are no longer alive anywhere in the world .
The study also reveals that 943 English species , including the leatherback turtle and pine martin - are under threat .
And it warns that while a few ' big , hairy and scary ' animals such as bears and wolves were hunted to extinction , most of those disappearing are the victims of intensive farming , pollution and pesticides .
Under water : Brine shrimp became extinct in 1907 , largely as a result of pollution and habitat loss
Over the last few decades , England has lost countless wildflower meadows , ponds , chalklands and peatlands as farmers have changed how they sow crops - depriving birds and insects of winter food .
The loss of woodlands and the neglect of forests and woods has also hit many species , as has the introduction of alien wildlife such as mink and grey squirrels .
Even where species have not become extinct at a national level , many have disappeared from parts of the country , leaving populations fragmented and more at risk from threats including a changing climate .
On average , every English county has lost at least one species of plant or animal every two years for the past century .
But the study is n't all gloom and doom .
It also found red kites , large blue butterflies and pool frogs have all been successfully re-introduced to the countryside in the past few decades .
And action to improve habitat for species such as bitterns and sand lizards have also helped stem and reverse declines in those animals .
Natural England has now called for a campaign to halt the decline of wildlife and to protect environmental sites from planners .
Oprah Winfrey -- who built a billion - dollar empire persuading everyone from celebs to average Joes to reveal the truth about themselves -- is a big phony when it comes to her own past , an explosive new book charges .
Winfrey 's relationship with longtime " love " Stedman Graham , her reputed dirt - poor upbringing in rural Mississippi , her rumored lesbian crushes on women such as Diane Sawyer -- all are stories she has manipulated for decades in the name of sensational ratings , according to writer Kitty Kelley 's latest unauthorized biography " Oprah . "
The much - anticipated book details how :
* Winfrey concocted stories about sexual abuse she suffered as a child -- and grossly exaggerated the poverty she was brought up in .
* She went to great lengths to conceal her " lesbian affairs " -- including hefty payoffs -- and publicly attached herself to Graham to appear more normal to her audience of housewives .
* She lavished romantic gifts -- including a diamond toe ring -- on ABC talking head Diane Sawyer .
* Winfrey sold her body to earn extra money and has even described herself as a teen " prostitute . "
* She does n't know the true identity of her biological father .
* Her relationship with her own mother is so cold that Winfrey wo n't even let the older woman have her phone number .
Winfrey was born in Kosciusko , Miss. , in 1954 , and , the way she likes to tell it , she was so impoverished that she never had any new dresses or dolls and had to adopt two cockroaches as pets , naming them Melinda and Sandy .
But her family says that 's nonsense .
She may not have been well off , but Oprah was relatively " spoiled " as a little girl , her cousin said .
" Where Oprah got that nonsense about growing up in filth and roaches I have no idea , " said the relative , Katherine Carr Esters .
" I 've confronted her and asked , ' Why do you tell such lies ? '
Oprah told me , ' That 's what people want to hear .
The truth is boring . ' "
A friend of Esters added that the manipulation of her past is a key to her success .
" Every move is calculated to further her brand and lift her image , which is why she does good works , " Jewette Battles said .
As a teen , Winfrey was a wild child , promiscuous to the point of prostitution , her relatives said .
The future star would steal from her mother 's purse , pawn her jewelry and even turn tricks .
She was eventually sent to live in Nashville with Vernon Winfrey , who was her mother 's former lover and who is listed on her birth certificate as her father .
He has been described as the domineering disciplinarian who set her straight .
Later , determined to become rich and famous , Winfrey was ready to change her story to her advantage , making sure she cultivated her image as an everywoman , the book alleges .
That meant she had to quell rumors about her sexuality .
At one point , the rumors included seamy talk at ABC about a relationship between Winfrey and Sawyer when Oprah worked there .
Employees there described " giggly late - night phone calls " and a series of lavish gifts from Winfrey -- including gigantic sprays of orchids and a 1 - carat diamond toe ring -- to Sawyer .
Despite such rumors , Kelley concludes Winfrey is " asexual . "
Still , she quotes sources describing how , in 1989 , Winfrey was insistent on paying Tim Watts , an ex-boyfriend , $ 50,000 to keep quiet about her lesbian affairs and the fact that her brother , who died of AIDS , was gay .
" He said she did not want him to talk about her brother being gay , " said Judy Lee Colteryahn , who also dated Watts .
" It 's no big deal to have a brother who is homosexual , but apparently it was to Oprah .
Tim also said he knew about some lesbian affairs . "
As for Winfrey 's very public relationship with Graham , the pair do not even share a bedroom , according to the book .
Landscape architect James van Sweden of Oehme , who spent years working for the couple , said he planned to design a space for a wedding in front of their new estate but knew immediately after watching them together that there would never be a wedding .
" Oprah keeps Stedman around because she wants her audience to accept her as a normal woman with a man in her life , but from what I saw during those four years , I can tell you there 's nothing there with Stedman .
Nothing at all , " he said .
" He 's simply a fixture in her life , " van Sweden added .
" Window - dressing . "
According to her father , Vernon , Oprah admitted that she was not in love with Stedman .
" I 'm in like . . . not in love , " she told him , according to the book .
She did reportedly have one affair with a man -- " Entertainment Tonight 's " John Tesh , while the two were working in Nashville .
According to Tesh 's ex , he broke things off because he could n't deal with the stigma of being an interracial couple .
" He said one night he looked down and saw his white body next to her black body and could n't take it any more , " the ex said .
" He walked out in the middle of the night . "
Winfrey has played coy on Tesh .
Vernon Winfrey says he 's been dismayed by how Oprah plays fast and loose with the truth .
" She may be admired by the world , but I know the truth , " he says .
" So does God and so does Oprah .
Two of us remain ashamed . "
Vernon reserves his harshest words for Winfrey 's best friend , Gayle King , who put the kibosh on a biography he was working on .
Calling her a " dirt hog " and " street heifer , " he blames King for a rift in his relationship with Oprah .
" She 's become too close to that woman Gayle , " he says .
King and others in Oprah 's entourage worked hard to keep a tight grip on employees in order to keep her out of the tabloids .
" I thought I would be working for the warm and fuzzy person I saw on television , " a former employee at Winfrey 's Harpo production company said .
" But , God , I was conned .
It 's a cult at Harpo .
So oppressive it 's frightening . "
Perhaps the biggest secret of the book is left a secret .
Oprah allegedly does not know the true identity of her father .
Esters told Kelley who he is , on the condition she not publish the information until Winfrey 's mother comes clean to her daughter .
" And you 'll know when that happens because Oprah will probably have a show on finding your real father , " Esters said .
" As I said , the girl wastes nothing . "
CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM THE NEW YORK POST
Verbal Testimony by Miles O'Brien : Senate Hearing on NASA's FY 2011 Budget
Status Report From :
Posted : Wednesday , February 24 , 2010
Mr. Chairman - thanks for inviting me - it is a pleasure .
I am a freelance journalist with about 18 years experience covering the US space program - most of that time with my former employer - a large cable news network .
Since I moved on , I have been covering space on the web - in partnership with spaceflightnow.com .
We offer continuous live interactive coverage of shuttle launches - and draw a large global audience - in the past few months we have been producing a weekly half hour program to the web called this week in space - which has become the definitive video chronicler of the events that bring us here today .
I also need to tell you I serve as Chairman of the Education and Public Outreach Committee of the NASA Advisory Council - but to be clear - my views expressed here today are my own .
Mr. Chairman , Washington - we have a problem - there is an uproar across the land over NASA 's course change - and it says a lot about how the public is no longer in the loop with the space agency .
The headlines read " NASA cancels its Moon mission " .
Now I would submit to you most people reading those stories had no idea were were heading back to the moon in the first place .
And guess what ?
we really were n't !
The program - packaged as the " Vision for Space Exploration " - never got the promised funding - and its " vision " was clearly focused on the rear view mirror .
Constellation was touted as " Apollo on Steroids " but really it was a ninety - pound weakling - an uninspired attempt to bring back the magic .
NASA was acting like the middle aged high school football hero who spends too much time in the local saloon telling tales of the glory days when he led his team to the national championships .
But the country has grown up and moved on - and it is time for NASA to get off the bar stool and do the same .
And that is exactly what I see in this budget .
This is a grown up approach to space exploration - one that synchs the goals with national needs and budgetary realities .
The space agency is getting a slap in the face .
" Thanks , I needed that ! " is what it should be saying .
But that is not what we are hearing - change is never easy .
But wait a minute - is n't NASA supposed to be all about change ?
In fact , if it can't embrace - no actually invent - change - we should close the whole place down .
But wait there is more - because as much as anything else - what we have here is a failure to communicate .
While I give the Administration plan high marks for its steely - eyed reassessment of priorities - it did a horrible job telling this story .
The headlines should have read : " Space is now open for business " .
Or - " Space travel now for the rest of us " Or " Space Station science gets a big reprieve " or " NASA to work on fixing air traffic delays " or " NASA to focus more on our favorite planet : Earth " .
You get the idea .
Instead we got a bunch of blue moon stories ...
Why ?
Well for one thing my understanding is this decision was made in the White House office of Science and Technology Policy office - and was very closely held until the weekend before the budget rollout .
They were reluctant to tell the kids I guess .
Even so , everyone in the Space Cadet Nation knew Constellation was a dead man walking .
But denial is a powerful thing and so NASA was caught flatfooted - with no stretegic plan on how to explain the nuance of this story .
And let 's face it the mainstream media does n't have a clue either .
Reporters who know some things about this beat have been unceremoniously dumped by the big papers and networks right and left - and many of them are now ... well ... webcasting .
So it is the perfect storm : the agency is not sold on the change ... the communications plan is non existent ... the reporters are not well informed ... and the public is disengaged .
But the people like me who care about this have such a deep passion for it .
In advance of this testimony , I sought their opinions via Twitter and Facebook - and I conducted an unscientific poll .
I would like to have those comments and those results submitted as part of the record .
Like so many of the people I have heard from , I wish that NASA had not been painted into this corner .
I wish that we could have been thinking about - and investing in the next great adventure for humans in space decades ago so that we would not face this huge gap in US human spaceflight capability - which could easily morph into an abyss if we are not careful .
But that is the hand we have been dealt .
And trying to recreate the past - on yesterday 's technology - is not something the public can or should support .
// end //
More status reports and news releases or top stories .
Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
Before getting into part two of chapter 5 , where most of the action is , I ’d like to make a few comments on a recent paper by Greg Mankiw .
Although the comments will be mostly critical , it is a very good paper , and I probably would end up agreeing with most of his policy conclusions , albeit for utilitarian reasons .
A left - leaning liberal might say Mankiw is a rich guy trying to defend the privileges of his class .
Perhaps so , but let ’s look at the arguments on their merits .
Mankiw ’s central argument is that utilitarianism is an unreliable value system , and that we would be better off relying on our moral intuitions .
However , he starts off by criticizing the anti-utilitarian thought experiment that goes like this :
Would you push a fat guy off a bridge onto a train track to deflect a train and save the lives of three innocent children further down along the track ?
Apparently some philosophers regard this as a good argument against utilitarianism , as they would feel squeamish about pushing the fat guy off the bridge .
My response is that that pushing the fat guy off the bridge is the right thing to do , and if we do n’t do it , it would be because we have let emotions overrule reason .
But public policy decisions should be based on reason , not emotion .
Mankiw ’s central argument is that people have a “ moral intuition ” that inequalities due to productivity differences are justified .
I.e. , it ’s acceptable for a highly talented and hard - working guy to make lots of money , but not for a banker who has only gotten rich by gaming the system .
OK , but this distinction between earned and unearned wealth is also consistent with the utilitarian approach to income redistribution .
At the same time he does n’t end up with laissez - faire policy views , as he favors taxes to address externalities and public goods .
And he considers the removal ( or at least mitigation ) of poverty to be a public good , as it is a sort of blight on our society .
Furthermore , the rich benefit more from governments that protect property rights than do the poor , so they should have to pay more taxes .
I suspect that Mankiw and I have pretty similar views on optimal tax regimes , but I get there from a different direction .
I do n’t think we can rely on moral intuitions .
At various points in history our moral intuitions about the dignity of aristocrats was quite different .
Our moral intuitions about war and slavery have changed .
Ditto for women ’s rights , civil rights , and gay rights .
Indeed our views on gay rights are still changing , as the younger generation has more liberal views than the older generation .
And what do you notice about all these changes ?
In every single case our moral intuitions have moved in the direction of utilitarianism .
So I still think utilitarianism is the right way to go .
Mankiw mentions two hypothetical policies that utilitarians should support , but that he regards as absurd .
One is a higher tax rate on tall people .
And the other is sending 1/3 or our GDP to poor countries .
I agree that utilitarianism would call for both of those policies if there were no efficiency costs in implementing each policy , but in fact the costs are likely to be massive .
A tax on tall people is likely to trigger several problems :
1 . Tall people would lie about their height .
So you ’d probably need a government program to measure everyone ’s height .
But then people who were athletic would slump down as much as they could while being measured .
Stiff people who could n’t slump would complain about the unfairness of NBA players getting away with being under 6 feet .
They would demand that the players be put on “ the rack , ” so that we could find out their true height .
2. OK , that was silly , but there is a more serious argument .
This tax would trigger the demand for other similar taxes .
Indeed the moral argument for a higher tax on white people ( compared to black people ) might seem much more appealing .
Now imagine the US government getting into blood tests to determine race .
Yes , I ’m making the disreputable slippery slope argument .
By my final comment might surprise you , as I am nearly 6 ’ 4 ” .
I think if there were no practical problems , if height was the only important way that people differed in terms of measurable innate differences , if eating a low protein diet did n’t make you shorter , if the scheme did n’t lead to a slippery slope , then yes , tax me and other tall guys more .
If it were the only important measurable innate difference then people would regard it as an unfair advantage .
And yes , push that fat guy onto the railroad track while you ’re at it .
Here ’s why I do n’t buy the “ just deserts ” argument for inequality .
Wealth creation in a modern society is a collaborative effort .
No rich guy gets there on his own ; he is working with 100s of other low paid individuals .
Yes , the “ marginal product ” is a useful economic concept , it explains why people born with great athletic skills make more than teachers , but I do n’t think it provides any moral justification for those income differences .
Indeed I often hear people say that it shows our society ’s values are out of whack that a baseball player can make 100 times more money than a school teacher .
From the outside someone like Greg Mankiw seems to lead a charmed life .
He has a beautiful house in Wellesley and a nice family .
One of his posts showed him teaching an honors seminar full of bright , interesting students .
He has made tons of money on a textbook .
Yes , he ’s worked hard , but his greatest good fortune was to be born into Greg Mankiw ’s body and mind .
( BTW , if we refer to Mankiw ’s body and mind in the possessive sense , then who is the “ Mankiw ” that possesses these entities ? )
Mankiw even seems to have a fairly upbeat mood , at least compared to another famous blogger .
So my moral intuition tells me the universe would be a better place if Greg Mankiw gave me $ 1,000,000 of the money he has earned on his book .
It ’s not that I have n’t also been pretty lucky compared to the average third world peasant , but not quite so lucky as Mankiw .
But in the end I ca n’t quite favor a lot of redistribution , despite my utilitarian leanings .
To raise 1/3 of national income in taxes would mean government spending would double from 1/3 to 2/3 of GDP , which is more than even Denmark spends .
Even worse , our labor force is much more diverse than Denmark ’s , so even equal tax rates would impose much greater supply - side costs here than there .
On the other hand I ca n’t support the dogmatic libertarian opposition to any income redistribution , as I think there is some amount of redistribution for which the benefits exceed the costs .
Indeed my only disagreement with those on the left is about incentive effects , not ethics .
I think the supply - side effects of high taxes and subsidies ( in the long run ) are much more important than many others believe , indeed they are much more important than common sense suggests .
Thus I favor a low - tax welfare state similar to Singapore , which spends enough to eliminate severe poverty , and also provide universal health care , education , etc. BTW , Singapore spends much less than we do , so calling for the US to move to that “ welfare state ” system is equivalent to calling for dramatically lower taxes on the rich .
The most difficult problem ( implicitly ) raised by Mankiw is how can one favor spending lots of money helping the poor in America , when the opportunity cost of that spending is not aiding the much more poor residents of some place like Bangladesh .
I do n’t have an answer to that question .
I suppose it would require some sort of communitarian argument .
( And for similar reasons Will Wilkinson ’s argument for open immigration raises tough issues for progressives . )
Because I am a utilitarian , I am open to new evidence on incentives .
If I am wrong , I have no moral objection to the Danish system .
Indeed I hope the Danes are right .
However , based on the success achieved by lower tax countries of similar size ( Singapore , Switzerland , etc ) , and the fact that even the southern European countries have found it hard to replicate the Danish model ( read Algan and Cahuc ) , I think it would be pretty hard to make the case for applying the Danish model to the US on utilitarian grounds .
( Yes , the Danes are the happiest people on Earth , but in another post I argued the causation went from values to happiness , not from economic system to happiness . )
Off topic , but Niklas Blanchard sent me this interesting link .
OK , on to the 1931 chapter :
5.d The German Economic Crisis of 1931
In retrospect , the March 21 announcement that Germany and Austria had agreed to form a customs union appears as the first of a long series of events that disrupted European affairs .
The Austro - German Customs Union was viewed by many as a violation of the Versailles Treaty provision that guaranteed the sovereignty of Austria , and the French in particular were concerned that the union was merely the first step toward an “ Anschluss , ” or political union .
The dispute became a complicating factor several months later when Austria and Germany required financial assistance from their international creditors .
The Dow reached its March peak on the day before the announcement of the customs union , and then began a long steady decline that extended into early June .
Equation 3 in Table 5.1 shows the result of regressing movements in the Dow on YPBs during the period from March 20 to May 1 .
Although in contrast to the January 1 – March 20 period ( equation 2 ) , the coefficient on the YPB price is significant at the five percent level , the relatively low adjusted R2 provides little evidence that German problems were a major factor in the ongoing decline in the Dow .
The period from May 1 to June 19 , 1931 is especially problematic from the perspective of the link between Germany and Wall Street .
Historians consider the failure of the Kreditanstalt in Austria in mid-May to be the event which triggered the subsequent international monetary crises .
The Dow did decline continuously for eight straight trading days from May 11 and May 20 , and the YPBs also declined almost continuously during this period .
Yet as equation 4 clearly indicates , there was no significant relationship between changes in the Dow and the price of YPBs during the period from May 1 to June 19 .
There was certainly no shortage of news relating to problems in Central Europe during mid-May , 1931 .
On May 11th , the NYT reported that uncertainty over the customs union was slowing investment in Germany and Austria and on May 13th they reported that the Kreditanstalt crisis was depressing German stock prices .
French Premier Briand favored closer policy coordination , and according to the May 15th NYT his unexpected defeat in the French presidential election of May 14 was likely to increase political tensions in Europe .
Briand ’s conciliatory position toward Germany had been undermined by the German government ’s decision to form a customs union with Austria .
On June 1 the Dow declined by 4.4 percent , and the next day the NYT noted that the German situation had deteriorated rapidly in the previous few days .
They also reported that a bailout of the Kreditanstalt was expected soon , but that the customs union had injected politics into the negotiations .
By this time the banking crisis had spread from Austria to Germany , and there was growing speculation that the Young Plan would have to be revised .
In early June the British and German leaders conferred on the debt issue at Chequers , England , where German Prime Minister Breuning argued that the German economy was in dire shape and that some form of debt relief was essential .
Unfortunately , the entire war debts / reparations crisis was complicated by the fact that Germany ’s biggest reparations creditors ( Britain and France ) had also incurred large war debts with the U.S.
Thus any debt relief for Germany would require leadership from the leading creditor nation , the United States .
June 3 saw the largest increase in the Dow ( 7.1 percent ) since the rebound in November , 1929 .
The following day ’s NYT ( p. 39 ) found no explanation in the news , and suggested that “ That [ startling news ] may conceivably come later , and speculative Wall Street ’s reversal of position may have had in mind its possibility ” .
Startling news did arrive on June 19 in the form of a debt moratorium , but it is difficult to say whether the June 3 rally anticipated this development .
We do know that it was announced on June 3 that Secretary of State Stimson would depart soon for Europe , and that in a secret meeting on the evening of June 2 , President Hoover had communicated his intentions to the U.S. ambassadors in Britain and Germany .
On June 7 it was announced that Secretary of State Mellon would also be departing soon for Europe and rumors of a moratorium began affecting the financial markets .
The June 8 NYT headline suggested a “ Change Seen In Our Attitude On Debts ” and also ( p. 26 ) enigmatically referred to the “ sudden appearance of a few unpredicted reassuring developments in the news , which the stock market [ on June 3 ] may or may not have foreseen ” .
There is one glaring weakness with the preceding hypothesis , the correlation between the price of YPBs and the Dow turned negative during the weeks immediately preceding the moratorium ( see figure 5.1 )
The interests of Young Plan bondholders and U.S. stockholders did not exactly coincide , and thus conceivably the bondholders could have ( erroneously ) believed that the deteriorating economic situation in Germany would lead to a moratorium which included the YPBs , while U.S. stockholders focused on the widely held expectation that a moratorium would improve the prospects for international monetary cooperation .
Even before the moratorium was announced , some contemporaneous observers were making exactly that argument , i.e. that holders of YPBs had misunderstood the likely impact of a moratorium :
“ In any case , the postponement of transfers contemplated in the Young Plan has , of course , nothing whatever in common with a moratorium in the ordinary sense , and would involve no suspension of payments in connection with Germany ’s private or public loan obligations .
Nobody in Germany has thought of such a thing for a moment , but misunderstanding on this question seems to have had an unfortunate effect , especially in America . ” ( Economist ( 6/20/31 , p. 1326 . )
Of course this hypothesis is a bit ad hoc , and also seemingly at odds with the efficient markets hypothesis that I utilize throughout this narrative .
But rational expectations do not imply perfect foresight , and subsequent events strongly support the Economist ’s view that Americans initially misjudged the effect of the moratorium on YPBs .
U.S. stock and German ( Young Plan ) bond prices became closely synchronized immediately following President Hoover ’s announcement of June 19 ( at 6 P.M. ) of his intention to put forward a plan for international debt relief .
[ 1]
The following day the Dow jumped 6.6 percent , and the YPBs soared by 7.9 percent .
After the stock market closed on Saturday , June 20 , the details of the plan were revealed to show an even more far - reaching moratorium than had been anticipated .
The following Monday the Dow rose another 4.9 percent and the price of YPBs advanced another 4.2 percent .
And the extraordinary ( worldwide ) stock market rally [ 2 ] was also accompanied by large increases in the prices of major commodities such as corn , wheat , and cotton .
[ 1 ] Apparently the rapid deterioration in the German economy led Hoover to move forward the announcement of the moratorium .
Eichengreen ( p. 161 ) notes that Hoover had proposed a war debts moratorium as far back as 1922 .
[ 2 ] The NYT ( 6/28/31 , p. 10N ) noted that except for the recoil from the 1929 crash , the rally in the week following Hoover ’s announcement was the “ swiftest advance during any corresponding period in a generation ” .
The correlation between changes in the Dow and the price of YPBs jumped from 0.0 percent in the period from May 1 to June 19 , to an astounding 42.6
percent in the period from June 19 to July 30 ( Table 5.1 , equation 5 . )
The increased correlation between the Dow and the price of YPBs is certainly consistent with the hypothesis that Wall Street became concerned about Germany when the German crisis threatened to disrupt the entire international monetary system .
Nevertheless , no level of correlation between changes in the Dow and the price of YPBs is able to establish causality .
Thus it is essential to examine contemporaneous news coverage .
One of the most striking aspects of this period is the intensive coverage of the German crisis provided by the NYT .
For 36 consecutive days , at least one NYT headline discussed the German debt and / or exchange rate crisis , and almost all were the dominant headline .
This certainly indicates a level of interest in European financial affairs that would be unimaginable in post - WWII America .
Even more striking is that fact that , throughout this period , movements in Dow were frequently linked to these news stories .
The heterogeneous nature of news makes it difficult to quantify .
Therefore in appendix 5 b the NYT headlines from June 20 , to July 24 , 1931 are provided , along with some clarifying excerpts .
The column width of each headline is also provided , which serves as a proxy for the importance that the editors of the NYT gave to each story .
( A typical lead headline would be two or three columns across . )
DLDOW and DLYPB represent the first differences of the logs of the change in the Dow and the price of YPBs from the last closing before the news event , to the subsequent closing .
European news reported in the NYT on a given day was usually received by U.S. financial markets before the markets closed on the previous day .
Enthusiasm for Hoover ’s proposal was not confined to the NYT .
The June 27 issue of the CFC ( p. 4635 ) enthused “ President Hoover has electrified the whole world and possibly turned the tide of business depression ” .
A “ Hooverstrasse ” was proposed for Berlin .
The British compared the proposal to a new armistice and suggested that the move ranked in importance with the U.S. entry into World War I .
Of course , Hoover ’s debt moratorium was subsequently shown to be ineffective in arresting the ongoing depression .
Nevertheless , the financial community had great hope for the plan , which provides some indication of the forces that they believed were inhibiting recovery .
Between June 2 and June 27the
Dow soared by almost 29 percent , and the next day ’s NYT ( p. 7N ) suggested that “ War Debt Plan Aids Commodity Prices .
. . Sharpest Advance Since Last Summer Shown in Most Groups in Fortnight ” .
Although the reaction of financial markets to the moratorium was unquestionably enthusiastic , the reasons are unclear .
Perhaps it was felt that the moratorium would reduce gold flows to countries with a high propensity to hoard ( i.e. the U.S. and France . )
The June 27th CFC ( p. 4653 ) suggested that Hoover ’s goals were limited and that it was hoped that the agreement could lead to a climate of “ international good will ” .
On June 30th the NYT ( p. 1 ) quoted a bank official as indicating that “ it would be a mistake to over - emphasize the proposed debt adjustment as an economic factor in itself ” .
Unfortunately , Hoover strongly opposed two initiatives that might have provided meaningful help for Germany ; a coordinated international policy of tariff reduction , and a coordinated attempt to lower the world gold ratio through expansionary monetary policies . [ 1 ]
After June 27th , U.S. stock prices see - sawed for several days as the French raised objections to various aspects of the agreement .
Because the size of Germany ’s debts to France greatly exceeded the French war debts to America , the French were naturally less enthusiastic about the moratorium than the British , who had a less favorable net creditor position at the governmental level covered by the moratorium , but were also important commercial lenders to Germany .
Although a preliminary agreement was finally hammered out in early July , the contentious negotiations made it clear that future cooperation on international monetary and financial issues would be exceedingly difficult .
Meanwhile , the German financial system continued to deteriorate rapidly and the CFC noted that “ it was also realized that the delay of two weeks [ in the agreement ] had somewhat vitiated the good effects ” .
[ 2 ]
The July 18 issue of the CFC ( p. 335 ) ominously reported that “ The world the present week has been confronted with one of the greatest and gravest financial crises of which history furnishes any record ” .
Both the Dow and the price of YPBs declined steadily in the week leading up to Germany ’s establishment of strict exchange controls on July 15 .
Although historians sometimes view July 15 , 1931 as the date on which Germany “ departed from the gold standard , ” the contemporaneous view was slightly different .
Maintenance of the exchange rate at its par value was viewed as the sine qua non of being on the gold standard .
Germany did not devalue the reichsmark , and was viewed as having partially surmounted the crisis ( albeit with a much weakened link to gold . )
The 6.2 percent drop in the Dow between July 10 and July 15 was made up over the next five trading days as Hoover organized an international loan to assist the Reichsbank .
[ 1 ] Hoover criticized the theory that deflation was resulting from a “ maldistribution ” of monetary gold stocks .
[ 2 ] CFC , 711/31 , p. 174 .
Unfortunately , political discord continued to complicate efforts to aid Germany .
French opposition prevented anything more that a temporary aid package ; and the markets fell back in late July as it became apparent that a permanent solution to the German financial crisis had not been achieved .
The largest movement in the Dow during August 1931 occurred on the 11th , when the Dow jumped 4.4 percent .
The next day ’s NYT ( p. 27 ) commented ; “ suddenly reversing its trend , the stock market advanced spiritedly yesterday , simultaneously with the announcement that agreement had finally been reached on all points involved in the debt suspension proposal ” .
Temin argued that the short - term victory associated with the maintenance of the reichsmark at par merely insured that Germany ’s financial crisis would continue to intensify .
In contrast , by devaluing the pound in September 1931 , Britain was able to swiftly end its financial crisis , although it did not take full advantage of its new position .
German leaders were prevented from devaluing the reichsmark by treaty obligations associated with the reparations agreement , and by the public ’s still fresh memories of the 1920 - 23 hyperinflation .
The temporary nature of the moratorium also insured that the war debts / reparations issue would reappear later .
Only three months into the one - year moratorium , the international crisis associated with the British devaluation intensified the world - wide deflation , and it became abundantly clear that Germany would be in no better position to pay its debts in mid-1932 , than it had been in mid-1931 .
Financial markets faced additional months of bitter recriminations and debate over these issues .
5.e The Devaluation of the British Pound
Despite the extended crisis of July 1931 , the price of YPBs , which began the year at 69 1/4 , had only declined to 56 1/ 4 by the end of July .
They would finish 1931 trading under 24 .
Similarly , the Dow , which began 1931 at 164.58 , ended July at 135.39 , and then plunged to 77.90 at yearend .
During September the Dow declined almost continuously , ending the month down over 30 percent .
Although it would be natural to attribute this decline to the developing crisis in Britain , there is actually very little evidence ( in the forward exchange rate market ) that fears of a British devaluation affected Wall Street until September 18 .
The devaluation of the pound was unquestionably the dominant economic event of the autumn of 1931 , yet it appears to have had only a modest direct effect on U.S. financial markets .
Its indirect effects , however , were profound .
The British crisis actually began in July 1931 as the run on the reichsmark reduced confidence in the entire international gold standard .
On July 26 , ( the first time in 36 days that the German debt problems failed to earn a NYT headline ) , a Times headline reported “ British Gold Loss Totals $ 145,500,000 In The Last 13 Days ” .
The 3 - month forward discount on the pound ( against the dollar ) rose from less than 1 /2 cent during the first half of 1931 , to just over 2 cents in early August , and then remained at that level until the eve of the devaluation .
By the fall of 1931 the actual spot exchange rate had declined by well over 100 cents .
Thus although some concern about the pound was evident in the forward markets , there is no indication that a significant devaluation was considered imminent during the two months leading up to Britain ’s departure from the gold standard .
There are good reasons why the markets would not have anticipated the devaluation .
First , the British had undergone a prolonged period of austerity in restoring the gold standard only six years earlier .
Second , the British financial position was clearly stronger than that of Germany , and Germany had been able to avoid devaluing during the July crisis .
Third , a new National ( coalition ) government was formed in August , and this government agreed to balance the budget by cutting government salaries and unemployment benefits .
Nevertheless , the increased forward discount shows that currency traders were a bit more apprehensive about the pound during August and the first half of September , probably due to uncertainty regarding the government ’s willingness to reduce the deficit through painful budget cuts .
An imminent election created further uncertainty .
On September 16 , a NYT headline reported “ Disorders in British Navy Follow Economy Pay Cut ” .
Withdrawals of gold from Britain accelerated sharply with $ 25 million leaving on September 16 , $ 50 million on the 17th , and $ 90 million on the 18th .
This “ mutiny , ” or “ strike , ” ( depending on one ’s perspective ) , touched off a series of events which led to the devaluation .
What appears to have been decisive was not the disturbance itself , but rather the government ’s willingness to listen to the sailors ’ demands , and their promise of no reprisals .
The press coverage of the event provides a fascinating study in contrasts .
While the British Government was trying to downplay the importance of the sailors ’ action , the foreign press expressed astonishment at the willingness of the once - proud British Navy to cave - in to the demands of mutinous sailors .
[ 1 ]
In the House of Commons , Labor members taunted “ You ’ve surrendered once , and you ’ll keep on surrendering , ” [ 2 ] a reference to escalating demands that proposed cuts in the pay of teachers , police , and other members of the military be rescinded .
[ 1 ] The September 17 NYT ( p. 1 ) reported “ As startling as was the incipient mutiny in the British fleet , without precedent in modern times , the actions of the government in making terms with those who have broken discipline is regarded as even more startling . ”
[ 2 ]
The NYT , ibid .
Although the suspension of convertibility occurred on September 20th , word that the government was considering devaluation appeared to have leaked out several days earlier .
The price of British government bonds ( 5 1/2 percent coupon ) , which had traded in the 104 3/4 – 105 5/8 range throughout the first 17 days of September , fell to 101 1/ 4 on September 18th , then plunged to 93 on September 19 .
Thus , data from the British bond market compliments the forward market evidence that devaluation was not considered likely until the last moment .
What then caused the sharp decline in U.S. stock prices during the first part of September 1931 ?
Whereas the value of British government bonds remained stable during early September , the price of YPBs fell from 58 3/8 at the beginning of the month , to 46 3/ 4 on September 17th , before dropping to 40 on the 18th , and 38 on the 19th .
Similarly , the Dow declined from 139.41 at the beginning of the month , to 121.76 on September 17 , and then plunged 5.5 percent on the 18th , and an additional 2.9 percent on the 19th .
And , although during September 1931 German events were not dominating U.S. news coverage to the extent that they had in June and July , the NYT continued to link movements in U.S. stock prices to problems in Germany .
[ 1 ]
Equation 6 in Table 5 shows that movements in the price of YPBs remained highly correlated with the Dow throughout the interval between the German and British exchange crises .
[ 1 ]
For instance , the September 4 NYT blamed the previous day ’s 3.1 percent decline on the unexpectedly severe collapse in German stock prices following the re-opening of the German Bourse .
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
Tags :
This entry was posted on March 01st , 2010 and is filed under Gold standard , Great Depression , Misc. , Monetary History , Utilitarianism .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - In May , 2002 , Jerome Mitchell , a 17 - year old college freshman from rural South Carolina , learned he had contracted HIV .
The news , of course , was devastating , but Mitchell believed that he had one thing going for him :
On his own initiative , in anticipation of his first year in college , he had purchased his own health insurance .
Shortly after his diagnosis , however , his insurance company , Fortis , revoked his policy .
Mitchell was told that without further treatment his HIV would become full - blown AIDS within a year or two and he would most likely die within two years after that .
So he hired an attorney -- not because he wanted to sue anyone ; on the contrary , the shy African - American teenager expected his insurance was canceled by mistake and would be reinstated once he set the company straight .
But Fortis , now known as Assurant Health , ignored his attorney ’s letters , as they had earlier inquiries from a case worker at a local clinic who was helping him .
So Mitchell sued .
In 2004 , a jury in Florence County , South Carolina , ordered Assurant Health , part of Assurant Inc , to pay Mitchell $ 15 million for wrongly revoking his heath insurance policy .
In September 2009 , the South Carolina Supreme Court upheld the lower court ’s verdict , although the court reduced the amount to be paid him to $ 10 million .
By winning the verdict against Fortis , Mitchell not only obtained a measure of justice for himself ; he also helped expose wrongdoing on the part of Fortis that could have repercussions for the entire health insurance industry .
Previously undisclosed records from Mitchell ’s case reveal that Fortis had a company policy of targeting policyholders with HIV .
A computer program and algorithm targeted every policyholder recently diagnosed with HIV for an automatic fraud investigation , as the company searched for any pretext to revoke their policy .
As was the case with Mitchell , their insurance policies often were canceled on erroneous information , the flimsiest of evidence , or for no good reason at all , according to the court documents and interviews with state and federal investigators .
The revelations come at a time when President Barack Obama , in his frantic push to rescue the administration ’s health care plan , has stepped up his criticism of insurers .
The U.S. House of Representatives is expected to vote later this week on an overhaul of the health system , which Obama has said is essential to do away with controversial and unpopular industry practices .
Insurance companies have long engaged in the practice of “ rescission , ” whereby they investigate policyholders shortly after they ’ve been diagnosed with life - threatening illnesses .
But government regulators and investigators who have overseen the actions of Assurant and other health insurance companies say it is unprecedented for a company to single out people with HIV .
In his previously undisclosed court ruling , the judge in the Mitchell case also criticized what he said were the company ’s efforts to cover its tracks .
Assurant Health said that as a matter of policy it did not comment on individual customer claims .
“ We disagree with certain of the court ’s characterizations of Assurant Health ’s policies and procedures in the Mitchell case , ” it said in a statement provided by spokesman Peter Duckler , adding : “ The case continues to progress through the appellate process . ”
“ REPREHENSIBLE ” CONDUCT
Much of the trial record of the Mitchell case is bound by a confidentiality order and not available to the public .
But two orders written by the presiding judge , Michael G. Nettles , a state circuit judge for the 12th Judicial District of South Carolina , of Florence County , describe the case in detail .
Judge Nettles wrote the orders in response to motions by Assurant that the jury ’s verdict be set aside or reduced .
In the motions , Nettles not only strongly denied Fortis ’ claims but condemned the corporation ’s conduct .
“ There was evidence that Fortis ’ general counsel insisted years ago that members of the rescission committee not record the identity of the persons present and involved in the process of making a decision to rescind a Fortis health insurance policy , ” Nettles wrote .
Elsewhere in his order , Nettles noted that there were no “ minutes of actions , votes , or any business conducted during the rescission committee ’s meeting . ”
The South Carolina Supreme Court , in upholding the jury ’s verdict in the case in a unanimous 5 - 0 opinion , said that it agreed with the lower court ’s finding that Fortis destroyed records to hide the corporation ’s misconduct .
Supreme Court Chief Justice Jean Hoefer
Toal wrote : “ The lack of written rescission policies , the lack of information available regarding appealing rights or procedures , the separate policies for rescission documents ” as well as the “ omission ” of other records regarding the decision to revoke Mitchell ’s insurance , constituted “ evidence that Fortis tried to conceal the actions it took in rescinding his policy . ”
In affirming the trial verdict and Nettles ’ order , Toal was as harsh in her criticism of the company as Judge Nettles had been .
“ We find ample support in the record that Fortis ’ conduct was reprehensible , ” she wrote .
“ Fortis demonstrated an indifference to Mitchell ’s life and a reckless disregard to his health and safety . ”
Fortis canceled Mitchell ’s health insurance based on a single erroneous note from a nurse in his medical records that indicated that he might have been diagnosed prior to his obtaining his insurance policy .
When the company ’s investigators discovered the note , they ceased further review of Mitchell ’s records for evidence to the contrary , including the records containing the doctor ’s diagnosis .
Nettles also suggested that Fortis should have realized the date in the note was incorrect : “ Not only did Fortis choose to rely on one false and unreliable snippet of information containing an erroneous date to the exclusion of other information which would have revealed that date to be erroneous , Fortis refused to conduct any further investigation even after it was on notice the evidence which aroused its suspicion to be false , ” the judge noted .
Fortis “ gambled ” with Mitchell ’s life , Nettles wrote .
Their motive , according to the judge , was obvious : “ The court finds that Fortis wrongfully elevated its concerns for maximizing profits over the rights and interest of its customer . ”
In upholding Nettles ’ verdict , the South Carolina Supreme Court similarly ruled that “ Fortis was motivated to avoid the losses it would undoubtedly incur in supporting Mitchell ’s costly medical condition . ”
While declining to comment on specific cases , Assurant said in the statement : “ All insurance companies have processes to review claims to ensure their accuracy , completeness and compliance with policy provisions and we evaluate all claims on an individual basis . ”
CEO DEFENDED RESCISSION
On June 16 , 2009 , the House Energy and Commerce Committee , held a hearing on the practice of rescission by health insurance companies , and among the industry executives who testified was Don Hamm , the CEO and President of Assurant Health .
Hamm insisted before the committee that rescission was a necessary tool for Assurant and other health insurance companies to hold the cost of premiums down for other policyholders .
Hamm asserted that rescission was “ one of many protections supporting the affordability and viability of individual health insurance in the United States under our present system . ”
He also suggested that those who had their policies rescinded by Assurant had attempted to intentionally mislead his company : “ Unfortunately , there are times when we discover that an applicant did not provide complete or accurate medical information when we underwrote the risk , ” Hamm said .
But state regulators , federal and congressional investigators , and consumer advocates say that in only a tiny percentage of cases of people who have had their health insurance canceled was there a legitimate reason .
A 2007 investigation by a California state regulatory agency , the California Department of Managed Health Care , bore this out .
The DMHC randomly selected 90 instances in which Anthem Blue Cross of California , one of WellPoint ’s largest subsidiaries , canceled the insurance of policy holders after diagnoses with costly or life - threatening illnesses to determine how many were legally justified .
The result :
The agency concluded that Anthem Blue Cross lacked legal grounds for canceling policies in every single instance .
“ In all 90 files , there was no evidence ( that Blue Cross ) , before rescinding coverage , investigated or established that the applicant ’s omission / misrepresentation was willful , ” the DMHC report said .
WRONG DATE
The Fortis underwriter who recommended Mitchell ’s policy be rescinded had her own doubts that it was correct to do so , according to records the company did produce at trial .
In a reference to the nurse ’s note with the wrong date , the underwriter wrote to her superiors : “ Technically , we do not have the results of the HIV test .
This is the only entry in the medical records regarding HIV status .
Is this sufficient ? ”
Relying on the note was dubious , Judge Nettles wrote , because it was included in records from 2002 , when Mitchell was in fact diagnosed with HIV , and not in 2001 , when he purchased his policy .
“ The chronological sequence of those records raises an inference that the date on the handwritten note may be erroneous , ” he wrote .
Moreover , Nettles said , if Mitchell ’s HIV diagnosis had been a year earlier , as the erroneous note said , Mitchell ’s medical records would have shown other references to that diagnosis and treatment and he would have sought reimbursement for expenses related to them .
Sallie Phelan , an attorney who represented Mitchell , says her client was bewildered as to why his insurance was canceled -- at first not even contemplating the possibility that there was anything improper going on : “ We began representing Jerome when he was still just a boy , really , ” she said .
“ He was just this sweet kid with all these drives and ambitions . ”
Then Mitchell felt betrayed , Phelan says .
“ He had done everything he was supposed to .
He went out and got insurance on his own , at 17 .
He was a trusting person , perhaps too trustful .
And as they kept slamming doors in his face , he thought at first there was some misunderstanding .
He could n’t understand what was going on , because he is such an honest person himself .
And when they accused him of lying , that was the most harmful to him .
He did n’t understand why they were accusing them .
He did n’t understand why people were n’t listening to him . ”
Like other major health insurance companies , Fortis has a “ rescission committee ” that reviews recommendations to cancel a policyholder ’s insurance .
But in the case of Fortis , Nettles wrote , the committee rarely did more than “ rubber stamp ” already flawed recommendations .
“ There were no rules , no minutes , no notes , and , in accordance with instructions from general counsel not even a record of who was present , ” the judge wrote about the committee .
During the meeting in which Mitchell ’s insurance was rescinded , “ there were more than 40 other customers , whose cases appeared before the rescission committee for review in no more than one and one half to two hours , representing an average of three minutes or less per customer , ” he wrote .
According to Nettles , Fortis concealed information through its document retention practice .
The company ’s “ stated policy for the last nine years has been to microfilm and destroy all documents , ” the judge said .
“ There was also evidence that documents and / or records regarding ( Mitchell ’s ) policy were deleted ; and that telephone logs and recordings contained key omissions . ”
Fortis also “ shredded ” documents , he said .
Regarding another piece of key evidence , the judge concluded that “ a jury could easily infer that Fortis destroyed and / or concealed ” crucial evidence .
Overall , Nettles asserted , a “ pattern of secrecy and concealment by Fortis in this case ... supports a high award of punitive damages . ”
After his insurance was canceled , a case worker with a social agency who works with HIV patients named Mary Wiggins worked tirelessly for Mitchell to find him medical care and to have Fortis reinstate his insurance .
Despite deluging Fortis with records and information that should have led to a reversal of the decision , the insurance company simply ignored her .
Wiggins found a local clinic that agreed to provide care for Mitchell , in the process very likely saving his life .
Eventually , Mitchell retained legal counsel to have his health insurance reinstated , but Fortis ignored them as well .
It was only after the insurance company was sued -- some 22 months after his HIV diagnosis -- that Mitchell ’s insurance was reinstated .
COST CONTAINMENT
In his order , Nettles said Mitchell ’s treatment was typical of how Fortis treated patients recently diagnosed with HIV and other life - threatening diseases .
“ In addition to these acts toward ( Mitchell ) there was evidence that Fortis has for some time been making recommendations for rescission , and acting on those recommendations , without good - faith investigation conducted fairly and objectively ...
Fortis pre-programed its computer to recognize the billing codes for expensive health conditions , which triggers an automatic fraud investigation by its “ Cost Containment ” division whenever such a code is recognized . ”
A federal investigator who has reviewed Assurant ’s remaining records says that they showed that once a person with HIV was targeted with a fraud investigation , the company made a greater effort than usual to cancel the person ’s insurance .
Policies and medical records were scrutinized to a greater extent than others being scrutinized , he said .
The investigator , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said that the motive for focusing on people with HIV was simply the high cost of treating the illness :
“ We are talking a lifetime of therapy , a lifetime of care ... a lot of bills .
Nowadays someone with HIV can live a normal life for decades .
This was about money . ”
No evidence has emerged that any other major American company purged policyholders simply because they had HIV .
But an investigation last summer by the House Energy and Commerce Committee as well as earlier ones by state regulators in California , New York and Connecticut , found that thousands of vulnerable and seriously ill policyholders have had their coverage canceled by many of the nation ’s largest insurance companies without any legal basis .
The congressional committee found that three insurance companies alone saved at least $ 300 million over five years from rescission .
One of those three companies was Assurant .
The committee estimated that Assurant alone profited by more than $ 150 million between 2003 and 2007 from rescission .
During his appearance on June 16 before the House Energy and Commerce Committee , Hamm , the CEO and President of Assurant , urged Congress to pass the new health care legislation , in part , to prevent such practices .
“ We can achieve the goal we share -- providing health care coverage for all Americans , ” Hamm said .
“ If a system can be created where coverage is available to everyone and all Americans are required to participate , the process we are addressing today , rescission , becomes unnecessary . ”
Pakistani Female Soldier
Well , from my point of view if these girls participate in any beauty contest obviously theseÂ can easily win any beauty contest but on the other hand these military girls seem absolutely ready to protect their respective countries .
Just take a look at all pictures of female soldiers and discuss !
which country ’s military has most beautiful and brave girls ?
Feel free to share your views in comments !
Note :
We will add more pictures from remaining countries as well we find time to time in future .
4
Israeli Women Soldiers
South Korean Women Soldier
Italian WomenÂ Soldiers
Russian Female Soldier
Poland Female Soldier
Czesh Republic Female Soldier
Austrian Female Soldier
Indonesian Female Soldier
Chinese Female Soldier
UK Female Soldier
Canadian Female Soldier
Taiwan Female Soldier
Norway Female Soldier
Estonian Female Soldier
Portuguese Female Soldier
US Female Soldier
Peruvian Female Soldier
Netherlands ( Holland ) Female Soldier
Serbian Female Soldier
Algerian Female Soldier
Greece Female Soldier
Lithuanian Female Soldier
Finnish Female Soldier
Switzerland Female Soldier
Romanian Female Soldier
Vietnam Female Soldier
Brazilian Female Soldier
Japanese Female Soldier
Iranian Female Soldier
Colombian Female Soldier
Belgium Female Soldier
Ukrainian Female Soldier
Mexican Female Soldier
Turkish Female Soldier
French Female Soldier
Nepali Female Soldiers
Indian Female Soldiers
Australian Female Soldier
Polish Female Soldier
New Zealand Female Soldier
Spanish Female Soldier
Serbian Female Soldiers
Bahrain Female Soldiers
German Female Soldiers
Swedish Female Soldier
Kenyan Female Soldiers
Chilean Female Soldier
In the immortal words of Mark Twain , " Clothes make the man .
Naked people have little or no influence on society . "
Which is both a blessing and a curse .
Advertisement
Figuring out what to wear can be exhausting and time - consuming , especially when you 're starting from scratch .
Whether you lived in your sweatpants during college , have just moved to a new place , or are facing a series of unfamiliar occasions , you 're likely to have to do some serious wardrobe building or rebuilding at some point in your life .
But it 's daunting , and if not properly approached can be unnecessarily pricey .
But fear not : Herewith , the first installment of Dress Code , our series devoted to helping you realistically navigate the treacherous retail waters .
First up : Basic mantras to get you through a day in the dressing rooms .
Know Thyself !
There are a lot of " what to wear " and " what not to wear " books out there , many of them good .
Useful stuff for all those guidelines about body - shape and appropriateness and all that good , necessary dullness .
But here 's one issue I have : they 're all about " problem areas , " and I tend to regard any limitation as an asset .
Advertisement
Allow me to explain .
Let 's take me : I 'm short , pale , have subdued coloring and am self - conscious about the size of my bust .
As a result , I wear none of the following : high necklines and turtlenecks ; bulky knits ; large prints ; long skirts ; flats ; anything floaty , bohemian , or hippie - inspired ; anything shapeless , babydoll , straight or Mod ; double - breasted coats and jackets ; and the colors red , orange , yellow , black and white .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Now , if this list makes it seem like I can't wear half of what 's out there , well — yeah .
That 's kind of my point .
And it 's great .
I can breeze through an H&M or a fashion magazine and at a glance eliminate half the merch .
There have been whole seasons where I 've felt I could n't buy the styles , and as a result I saved plenty of money .
Thank goodness my figure is n't made for the heartbreakingly beautiful and expensive stylings of Lyell or Colenimo !
I say , look on any of these " limitations " not as a negative , but as a whittling away to your style , Michaelangelo - fashion .
Do I like a lot of the stuff I " don't " wear ?
Sure .
But it 's not for me .
That 's why we look for our friends !
Do n't like your legs ?
Awesome : you do n't even need to think about skirts and dresses .
( I know plenty of people who never do . )
Self - conscious about your hips ?
Great - let 's take half the overpriced pants and pencil - skirts in the stores off the radar .
By default , this is half your mental work done .
Frankly , I feel sorry for models ( our own Jenna excepted , of course ) .
Expensive Stores Are Your Friend !
Bear with me here .
If you 're starting from scratch , and figuring out what works for you , and trying on a ton of stuff as a result , you do n't want to find youself clutching an enormous pile of polyester , weeping , in the dressing room of a Forever21 like someone on the first shopping day of What Not to Wear .
( The exception here is those fortunate enough to have a bossy and savvy friend who takes over and can shepherd you through . )
Maybe you 're on a budget , but if you 're not sure what shapes and colors you like , a good department store or boutique is going to be less overwhelming and more helpful - shopping is n't just about purchasing , but about trying things on and figuring out what works , and any good salesperson knows this .
( And do n't be scared !
I worked in one !
Check Yelp for low - pressure staff ! )
You want a place where the people know their stuff and know the merchandise .
And , at the end of the day , all those cliches about expensive pants being good is kind of true , so you may want to buy a pair and have a good dry - cleaner copy them .
Advertisement
Listen to the Crazy .
This is advice any psychiatrist would deplore , but I say , when it comes to shopping , it 's important ( to a degree ) to give into your neuroses .
For instance , I do n't really like wearing pants .
They make me feel squat and dowdy .
Is this in my head ?
Probably .
But it does n't change the fact that , whenever I 've been persuaded by salespeople to get some , I have n't worn them : however they look , I do n't feel my best — I feel squat and dowdy .
" But you can wear them ! " some might say .
Yes .
Physically , I can put trousers on my legs .
My body will not reject them like in some un -Disneyfied Brothers Grimm story .
But I wo n't feel like me .
Yes , we should all take chances and try things , but we 're talking fundamentals here : establish reliable comfort zones before challenging them .
Rules Are Made to be Broken .
Do I wear white sometimes ?
Of course .
I just buffer it with a blue scarf .
When it 's cold , naturally I 'll throw on a turtleneck .
But then I 'll break up the line with a long scarf .
Nothing 's hard and fast , but having the rules makes it all a lot easier and less overwhelming , especially if you 're just getting started .
Advertisement
Next in the series :
How to build an awesome work wardrobe .
Vi er et integreret medie
og kommunikationsbureau
Mindshare er et integreret bureau , der arbejder i krydsfeltet mellem medier , kreativitet , performance og data .
Vores arbejde bygger på dokumentation , og med 60 dedikerede medarbejdere i Danmark , kan vi løse alle de væsentligste marketingudfordringer for vores kunder – hurtigt , effektivt , innovativt og kreativt .
Mindshare er en del af WPP , verdens største marketing services koncern med over 200.000 ansatte i 112 lande og herunder GroupM , verdens største medieindkøbsorganisation .
Vi bor under samme tag i ' Lighthouse ' med en open agency tankegang , der giver os og vores kunder en unik adgang til førende teknologier og mediekompetencer på tværs af huset .
( CNN ) --
Eight teenagers were wounded in a shooting Friday night at a skating rink in Gary , Indiana , police said Saturday .
Gary Police Department spokeswoman Cpl. Gabrielle
King said that a fight broke out during or after the concert at the World of Skates roller rink on Friday , prompting the rink 's manager to close up for the night .
" The manager asked everybody to leave , and when they went outside somebody just decided they would open fire and eight young people were shot , " she said .
She said those wounded range in age from age 14 to 18 .
They were taken to local hospitals , although King said none has life - threatening injuries .
She was not certain if any remained hospitalized Saturday .
No arrests have been made , she said .
A phone call to World of Skates was not immediately returned .
At the beginning of the week , we prepared to block families visiting Hamas prisoners at Shata Prison , yet the closure imposed on the territories by the IDF prevented their arrival and our rally was called off .
However , even before we managed to protest , some people were asking : “ Why collective punishment ? ” ; others charged that we “ disrupt negotiations . ”
Yet no negotiations are taking place at this time .
What we have is silence , and the only thing moving forward is Gilad Shalit ’s time in prison .
Hamas ’ response to the latest Israeli offer is negative , even if it was not provided officially .
Hence , we must go back to protests .
Renewed Efforts
New campaign : Gilad Shalit becoming Ron Arad Ynet ( Video ) Family of abducted IDF soldier launch campaign ' No time to waste ' after meeting UN secretary - general .
Meeting with UN High Commissioner for Human Rights due this week New campaign : Gilad Shalit becoming Ron Arad
We must worsen the imprisonment conditions of prisoners and declare there will be no family visits .
No newspapers , no money , no phones , no television , and no visits .
Darkness .
We must prevent the transfer of fuel , electricity , and food to Gaza through Israel .
Yes , a collective punishment until the Israeli soldier is released .
This will also serve as deterrence against more abductions .
It appears this is the only means left at our disposal – only collective punishment .
We tried the path of war , where hundreds of people were killed , including children .
Yet this had no effect on Hamas ’ killers .
They will continue to hide behind innocents and inside hospitals .
We must not punish hospitals or children , but we need to punish the prisoners who murdered whole families without letting our humanitarian side defeat us , because these are the last measures we have n’t tried yet .
They are also better than war , as they do n’t kill .
Scare and deter
At the same time , it ’s clear that securing the abducted soldier ’s release will eventually include the release of these murderers .
The names are the same , and the dangers will not disappear even if they remain in prison .
The murderers are everywhere , not necessarily in prison .
An example of this is the murderer of staff sergeant Ihab Khatib , a “ normative person ” who was not in jail and was not released from it with “ blood on his hands . ”
He demonstrates the existence of other murderers who are waiting to act and kill us , even though they were not prisoners in the past .
However , Khatib ’s killer must know which conditions await him at the Israeli prison .
Hence , detainment in Israel must aim to scare and deter ; deterrence that is also premised on the IDF ’s ability to abduct their leaders should they continue to encourage abduction and murder attempts .
Collective punishment is not something easy for me , especially when it entails starving the Gaza population .
Yet when an Israel soldier remains in captivity for close to four years , without any Red Cross visits and of course without any family visits , such punishment becomes just and moral .
We must try all these measures , until Gilad the soldier is back at his parents ’ home , with us here in Israel .
1. Comments must not be racist , misogynistic , homophobic , or otherwise bigoted .
2. Comments must not involve little more than name - calling and insulting remarks .
3. Comments must not be made by " anonymous " or " unknown " .
4. Comments must not try to sneak in some free advertising for themselves ( like spam ) .
I invite anyone who wishes to comment on this blog to do so .
I enjoy the comments , whether you agree with what I have said or not .
But some people want to abuse the right to comment , and since this is my blog , I have decided to lay down the following rules .
If your comment violates these rules , it will not be published .
The PlayStation 3
Sony launched has very little in common with the system you can buy now .
The PS3 launched when rumble was a last - generation feature , backwards compatibility was a core part of the hardware strategy , and the ability to install Linux on the hardware was attractive for those who liked to tinker with their hardware .
So what happened ?
Well , rumble was added back as Sony admitted there was more of a legal problem than a technological issue , backwards compatibility became something that no one cared about around the same time the company needed to cut costs , and now Linux support is being stripped from existing hardware .
This is the new age of gaming hardware : what the manufacturer giveth , the manufacturer taketh away .
The Sony spin
This is how the newest firmware update is described on the official PlayStation blog : " The next system software update for the PlayStation 3 ( PS3 ) system will be released on April 1 , 2010 ( JST ) , and will disable the ' Install Other OS ' feature that was available on the PS3 systems prior to the current slimmer models , launched in September 2009 , " a Sony rep wrote .
" This feature enabled users to install an operating system , but due to security concerns , Sony Computer Entertainment will remove the functionality through the 3.21 system software update .
" In addition , disabling the ' Other OS ' feature will help ensure that PS3 owners will continue to have access to the broad range of gaming and entertainment content from SCE and its content partners on a more secure system . "
It 's pointed out that this update is strictly voluntary , although if you do n't download the new firmware you wo n't be able to connect to the PlayStation Network , play any games online , play any games or Blu-ray movies that " require " the new firmware , play any files kept on a media server , or download any future updates .
To put it simply , if you do n't grab the update , the system will become useless to you as a gaming or media machine .
Is this slope ... slippery ?
The ability to run Linux was never available on the second - generation PS3 Slim hardware , but the problem is that now the option wo n't be available in hardware that could previously install Linux .
There is no reason for this , other than Sony decided it was no longer safe .
While it's hard to argue that running Linux was a major selling point of the system , we 've heard from many people who enjoyed the feature .
Now , to continue using their system as a gaming machine , they need to give up a feature that was advertised as part of the hardware they bought .
That 's a somewhat scary precedent , and it underscores the fact that this generation of gaming consoles are as much about the firmware as the hardware .
Our advice moving forward ?
Be aware that Sony has changed its mind on major features in the past , take the company 's sweeping statements with a grain of salt , and do n't buy any hardware for a single feature .
It 's very possible someone will decide you really do n't need one of the system 's advertised advantages , and take it away .
The question of the relative roles of nanotechnology and AI in forging the shape of the future has been argued in techno - futurist circles for decades .
Eric Drexler mentioned AI as a potentially disruptive technology in his seminal 1986 book Engines of Creation , and it was discussed at the very first Foresight conference 20 years ago .
It is generally assumed that a self - improving super - human level of AI is part and parcel of the Singularity , and indeed , such was the basis of I. J. Good ’s and Vernor Vinge ’s conception of the “ intelligence explosion . ”
But let ’s assume , for the sake of a scenario , that creating self - improving AI is just a lot harder than we think , and that we are n’t going to invent it until well after we have flat - out molecular nanotech with the ability to build fast self - replicating diamondoid nanomachines .
What then ?
One thing Drexler predicted in Engines was that without needing to create true human - level intelligence , automated design systems — narrow as opposed to general AI — would enable the creation of highly complex nanosystems , well beyond the capabilities of mere human designers .
How did that prediction pan out ?
I would have to say that it was so accurate , and happened so soon , that it ’s taken for granted today — human designers with only pencil and paper would have no chance of designing , say , a modern computer , or indeed any of today ’s complex engineered systems .
Like many areas , design automation is an area that was once considered AI , but is n’t any more .
What does a Singularity look like with just nanotech and narrow AI ?
Let ’s consider the standard list of transhumanist concerns :
LIFE EXTENSION : Playing around with the interiors of our cells and so forth is clearly a nanotech application .
Uploading or radical body improvement is the same .
AI : Ultimately , we get AI by uploading , doing lots of neuroscience , and understanding how the brain works .
We get human - level AI but not super - intelligent ones .
We do ultimately get faster ones — but our uploads can be faster too .
PERSONAL NANOFACTORIES AND UBIQUITOUS
WEALTH : Nanofactories would n’t be quite as powerful without a superintelligence to drive them .
They could only make what someone invented and designed , rather than inventing things themselves .
But that would be enough to kick the entire physical economy over into a Moore ’s Law - like growth mode , eradicating hunger and poverty in a decade or two .
FLYING CARS , SPACE TRAVEL , OCEAN AND SPACE COLONIZATION : Again , these are clearly nanotech applications .
The modifications to the standard human body necessary to thrive in space require significant nanotech capabilities .
ROBOTS : Robots with human mental capabilities and virtually any physical capabilities would be straightforward , and would rapidly become affordable for everyone .
All of these areas require more scientific knowledge than we have now , but not more than the current rate of scientific progress human scientists are likely to produce in the next few decades .
The current techniques of narrow AI are capable of automating pretty much any well - defined task , albeit with more programming effort than would be necessary if the machine could learn for itself .
The modifications to the standard human body necessary to thrive in space require significant nanotech capabilities .
With its Moore ’s Law rates of increasing capability and reducing costs for really high - tech physical equipment , one of the things that a nanotech revolution could do is to make scientific instrumentation ever more available .
Existing efforts toward open - source science would be enhanced and given more headroom .
The scientific knowledge , ingenuity , and experience necessary for the full utilization of the physical capabilities of nanotech could grow as rapidly as the Internet and cell phone use has over the past couple of decades .
So , back to the present .
I do n’t really expect AI to lag behind nanotech as much as this analysis suggests .
In fact , I think it will precede it .
But even if AI were to stall at roughly its current level of capability , something like a Singularity , a reprise of the Industrial Revolution that boosts our civilization from terrestrial to solar , making us all long - lived , healthy , wealthy , and maybe a little bit wiser , is not only possible but very likely .
J. Storrs ( “ Josh ” ) Hall , PhD. , is president of the Foresight Institute , founding Chief Scientist of Nanorex , and author of Beyond AI and Nanofuture .
​​Many veterans and others are using cannabis medically to treat the symptoms of Post - Traumatic Stress Disorder ( PTSD ) , according to preliminary results of a new survey .
Cannabis Science Inc. , which describes itself as “ an emerging pharmaceutical cannabis company , ” is reviewing the interim results of its survey of more than 1,400 people .
“ It is clear that many veterans are already using herbal cannabis to self - medicate to relieve the symptoms of PTSD , ” said Dr. Robert Melamede , president and CEO of Cannabis Science .
“ Consequently , there is a clear need for standardized , FDA approved , oral cannabis products which can , and should be , provided to veterans and others who can benefit from its use , ” Melamede said . ​
​” Medical cannabis has far fewer and milder side effects than most currently prescribed pharmaceutical products do , ” Melamede said .
“ We are working hard to have one or more products ready for FDA clinical trials as soon as possible . ”
“ It is shameful that the very people who have risked their lives and sacrificed their health to defend our freedoms have to break the law and risk their own freedom to use a safe medicine that they find to be most effective for relieving their suffering due to PTSD , ” Melamede said .
“ It ’s time for Americans to speak out and listen to what our veterans and other citizens are telling us , ” Melamede said .
“ Cannabis is medicine regardless of what some politicians say . ”
Aaron Koblin
Artist , designer , programmer , and entrepreneur specializing in data and digital technologies .
Founder of Within , makers of Supernatural .
About
Rising from a very functional plan , the 21,500 s.f. library concentrates its interior drama in a single large Reading Room that is 70 feet wide and 130 feet long .
The space is naturally lit with indirect light that changes during the day but rarely enters the room directly .
Sunsets will color the whole room with changing shades of pink and orange , while thunderstorms will be visible wherever they occur .
The Reading Room is separated from staff spaces and meeting rooms by a massive geologically - layered concrete wall .
Rooms along the south side are wrapped in iridescent metal and float a few feet above the arroyo .
At the west end , the building digs into the earth , but at the east end it opens onto a patio with filtered views of the McDowell Mountains .
On the north side of the building , small windows actually form
Morse code spelling out " Appaloosa . "
It was built to meet LEED Gold standards and has many " green " features , including photo voltaic cells , minimized water usage , roof designed to minimize heat island effect , minimal chemical usage during construction and operation and so much more .
In addition , it was situated to avoid as much direct sunlight as possible .
e.
As the only city building in northern Scottsdale , the Appaloosa branch functions as a public meeting place for residents .
There is a café that serves as a “ newsroom ” where people often come and have coffee while they read the newspaper and watch the news.via DWL Architects +
Planners
Since yesterday evening , PlayStation 3 users have been reporting difficulties in connecting their consoles to the PlayStation Network for online gameplay and system updates .
While it was first thought to be a network - related issue , Sony has warned that there is a much more widespread issue currently affecting older PlayStation 3's .
Sony 's offical statement lists the following errors as a part of this internal clock bug :
The date of the PS3 system may be re-set to Jan 1 , 2000 .
When the user tries to sign in to the PlayStation Network , the following message appears on the screen ; " An error has occurred .
You have been signed out of PlayStation Network ( 8001050 F ) . "
When the user tries to launch a game , the following error message appears on the screen and the trophy data may disappear ; " Failed to install trophies .
Please exit your game . "
When the user tries to set the time and date of the system via the Internet , the following message appears on the screen ; " The current date and time could not be obtained ( 8001050 F ) . "
Users are not able to play back certain rental video downloaded from the PlayStation Store before the expiration date .
" If you have a model other than the new slim PS3 , we advise that you do not use your PS3 system , as doing so may result in errors in some functionality , such as recording obtained trophies , and not being able to restore certain data , " Sony warned this afternoon .
Advertisement
The company hopes to have the issue resolved by tomorrow .
It is early evening on Capitol Hill , and I am sitting with Senator Lindsey Graham , the South Carolina Republican , who , along with John Kerry and Joe Lieberman , is trying to craft a new energy bill  one that could actually win 60 votes .
What is interesting about Graham is that he has been willing  courageously in my view  to depart from the prevailing G.O.P. consensus that the only energy policy we need is “ drill , baby , drill . ”
What brought you around , I ask ?
Graham ’s short answer : politics , jobs and legacy .
We start with politics .
The Republican Party today has a major outreach problem with two important constituencies , “ Hispanics and young people , ” Graham explains :
“ I have been to enough college campuses to know if you are 30 or younger this climate issue is not a debate .
It ’s a value .
These young people grew up with recycling and a sensitivity to the environment  and the world will be better off for it .
They are not brainwashed .
...
From a Republican point of view , we should buy into it and embrace it and not belittle them .
You can have a genuine debate about the science of climate change , but when you say that those who believe it are buying a hoax and are wacky people you are putting at risk your party ’s future with younger people .
You can have a legitimate dispute about how to solve immigration , but when you start focusing on the last names of people the demographics will pass you by . ”
So Graham ’s approach to bringing around his conservative state has been simple : avoid talking about “ climate change , ” which many on the right do n’t believe .
Instead , frame our energy challenge as a need to “ clean up carbon pollution , ” to “ become energy independent ” and to “ create more good jobs and new industries for South Carolinians . ”
He proposes “ putting a price on carbon , ” starting with a very focused carbon tax , as opposed to an economywide cap - and - trade system , so as to spur both consumers and industries to invest in and buy new clean energy products .
He includes nuclear energy , and insists on permitting more offshore drilling for oil and gas to give us more domestic sources , as we bridge to a new clean energy economy .
British officials say they 're pressuring Facebook to make a " panic button " available on its web pages following the death of a teenager at the hands of a man she met on the popular social networking site .
British child protection authorities have been lobbying Facebook and other social networking sites to install a one - click button which can allow children to get immediate police help if they suspect they 're at risk .
Calls for Facebook to install the button intensified following the kidnap , rape and murder of 17 - year - old Ashleigh Hall .
Her killer , Peter Chapman , used a bogus Facebook identity to befriend her online .
Harriet Harman , the deputy leader of Britain 's governing Labour Party , said that ministers were lobbying Facebook to adopt the button .
Opera has 100 m active users worldwide .
Web browser Opera says that downloads of its software have doubled since Microsoft introduced browser choice to Windows users on 1 March .
Microsoft now offers customers a choice of 12 browsers rather than installing its own Internet Explorer browser as a default .
A screen offering users the chance to switch browser is rolling out across Europe as part of a Windows update .
Opera says that in Poland 77 % of downloads have come from the screen .
The number of copies downloaded in Poland were up by 328 % on normal levels in the three days Opera analysed , between 12 and 14 March .
The screen has also made a big impact on Opera downloads in Spain , Italy and Denmark where downloads have doubled and over 60 % of traffic is coming from the screen .
" This confirms that when users are given a real choice on how they choose the browser , they will try out alternatives , " said Hakon Wium Lie of Opera Software .
While the Norway - based company has focused on the European market , according to StatCounter GlobalStats in March 2010 Opera was the biggest browser in Russia with a market share of 32.76 % , beating Internet Explorer , Firefox , Chrome and Safari .
Microsoft agreed to offer users browser choice in Europe as part of a settlement following a 10 year dispute with the European Commission over competition regulation .
From BRAD BLOG commenter " Billy " as posted in response to our breaking coverage Wednesday night of the Congressional legislation to defund ACORN in the wake of the " pimp " hoax videos , having been declared in federal court to have been an unconstitutional bill of attainder ...
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Billy said on 3/11/2010 @ 7:18 am PT ...
Boy , if this keeps up , people will start thinking ACORN was targeted because Republicans simply hate black people .
But we know that 's not true .
They also hate women with jobs , happy gay people , miserable poor people , all people in need of medical attention , intelligent people who happen to speak one of them foreign languages , intelligent people in general , all people who live near high - yield oilfields , all people who oppose wars of aggression , people with unfavorable views of torturing non-Caucasians , people who wonder who 's been listening in on our phone conversations and browsing our library lists , people who still believe in habeas corpus , people who do n't use the U.S. flag as bling , and people who do n't even exist --- like Murphy Brown .
But let us not jump to conclusions .
There 's always a good explanation .
SALT LAKE CITY —
It has been more than half a century since the last big shift in thinking about where events in The Book of Mormon took place , but a dramatically different — and disputed — theory is gaining traction among some of the Mormon faithful .
The theory , popularized on Web sites and at conferences by advocates Rod Meldrum and Bruce H. Porter , suggests that events in The Book of Mormon took place in the heartland of the United States , east of the Mississippi River from the Great Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico .
“ The word is out now .
There is a movement going through the church , ” says Porter , a former LDS institute teacher who lives in Arizona and leads Mormon - themed tours .
For the first 100 - plus years of Mormonism , most believers assumed the ancient civilizations described in The Book of Mormon ranged over the entire Western Hemisphere .
The “ narrow neck ” between “ land north ” and “ land south ” described in the sacred text was assumed to be the isthmus of Panama .
But , in the 1950s , careful reading of the text led scholars to propose a more limited geography ; since then , most of the dozens of theories have focused on “ Mesoamerica , ” a region that includes southern Mexico , Guatemala , Belize and the northwestern part of Honduras and El Salvador in Central America .
Much of The Book of Mormon centers on the Nephites , who left Jerusalem for the Americas about 600 B.C. , according to the text .
In what the church calls the book 's “ crowning event , ” Jesus appeared to the Nephites after his resurrection in order to re-establish his church ; the Nephites later fell victim to their own wickedness .
Mormons believe an off - shoot of the Nephites , the Lamanites , are ancestors of Native Americans .
The histories of the Nephites and other civilizations form the basis of The Book of Mormon , which was revealed to the prophet Joseph Smith in 1823 .
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints long has held that God has not revealed the exact geography described in The Book of Mormon , and the church has no official position on where , in the Americas , the ancient civilizations lived and died .
Most LDS scholars still believe Mesoamerica is more plausible because it fits the scriptural text and archaeological and anthropological evidence that has been found through the years .
Meldrum and Porter , meanwhile , come at the question from a different angle , and that 's the source of the controversy .
Though they claim archaeological and DNA evidence for their model , they start with what they say are 36 clear “ prophecies and promises ” in The Book of Mormon and statements by Smith , indicating he believed the history unfolded in what would become the United States .
Scholars who cling to a Mesoamerican model must disregard what the church 's founding prophet said , Porter said .
“ Most of the people fighting it are people who have something to lose financially or by reputation , ” Porter said .
Not only does that assertion anger critics , who say it unfairly casts them as apostate , they argue it is flat wrong .
“ They are trying to put us down when that 's not at all what we believe , ” says Steve Carr , a retired pediatrician who is senior vice president for the Book of Mormon Archaeological Forum , whose Web site has featured a series of articles refuting the claims of the heartland advocates .
Smith may have alluded to the United States as the home of the Nephites , but he also wrote near the end of his life , Carr says , that the history took place in Central America .
“ He was just guessing like a lot of other people , ” Carr says .
“ A lot of things they take as revelation are just ideas , not revelation at all . ”
Not so fast , says Porter , who believes the statements supporting Central America were written by Smith 's colleagues rather than the prophet himself .
“ He ( Smith ) either knew , or he did n't know .
If he did n't know , what was he doing ? ”
Yes , my Republican friends , even though you have opposed this health care bill , we 've made sure it is going to cover you , too , in your time of need .
I know you 're upset right now .
I know you probably think that if you did get wiped out by an illness , or thrown out of your home because of a medical bankruptcy , that you would somehow pull yourself up by your bootstraps and survive .
I know that 's a comforting story to tell yourself , and if John Wayne were still alive I 'm sure he could make that into a movie for you .
But the reality is that these health insurance companies have only one mission :
To take as much money from you as they can -- and then work like demons to deny you whatever coverage and help they can should you get sick .
So , when you find yourself suddenly broadsided by a life - threatening illness someday , perhaps you 'll thank those pinko - socialist , Canadian - loving Democrats and independents for what they did Sunday evening .
If it 's any consolation , the thieves who run the health insurance companies will still get to deny coverage to adults with pre-existing conditions for the next four years .
They 'll also get to cap an individual 's annual health care reimbursements for the next four years .
And if they break the pre-existing ban that was passed last night , they 'll only be fined $ 100 a day !
And , the best part ?
The law will require all citizens who are n't poor or old to write a check to a private insurance company .
It 's truly a banner day for these corporations .
So do n't feel too bad .
We 're a long way from universal health care .
Over 15 million Americans will still be uncovered -- and that means about 15,000 will still lose their lives each year because they wo n't be able to afford to see a doctor or get an operation .
But another 30,000 will live .
I hope that 's ok with you .
If you do n't mind , we 're now going to get busy trying to improve upon this bill so that all Americans are covered and so the grubby health insurance companies will be put out of business -- because when it comes to helping the sick , no one should ever be allowed to ask the question , " How much money can we save by making this poor bastard suffer ? "
Please , my Republican friends , if you can , take a quiet moment away from your AM radio and cable news network this morning and be happy for your country .
We 're doing better .
And we 're doing it for you , too .
Yours ,
Michael Moore
MMFlint@aol.com
MichaelMoore.com
P.S. I 'll have more to say on this tonight , live on CNN , at 9 pm ET .
I 'll be talking with Larry King about the health care bill and where we go from here , considering we still do n't have universal health care .
P.P.S.
In case you missed these photos in yesterday 's NY Times Sunday Magazine ...
That 's the results of seven years of madness .
The Iraq War began its 8th year this weekend .
How can we remove more of those responsible for this tragedy in November ?
Join Mike 's Mailing List | Follow Mike on Twitter | Join Mike 's Facebook Group | Become Mike 's MySpace Friend
THE FACTS
The notion behind eating smaller , more frequent meals is simple : spreading out one ’s daily calories over six meals stimulates the metabolism , keeping it going at a faster pace and thereby burning more calories .
Some studies have found modest health benefits to eating smaller meals , but often the research involved extremes , like comparing the effects of two or three large daily meals with those of a dozen or more snacks .
Six meals , according to some weight - loss books and fad diets , is a more realistic approach .
Image Credit ... Christoph Niemann
But do n’t count on it .
As long as total caloric and nutrient intake stays the same , then metabolism , at the end of the day , should stay the same as well .
One study that carefully demonstrated this , published in 2009 in The British Journal of Nutrition , involved groups of overweight men and women who were randomly assigned to very strict low - calorie diets and followed for eight weeks .
Each subject consumed the same number of calories per day , but one group took in three meals a day and the other six .
Your problem with Vim is that you do n't grok vi .
You mention cutting with yy and complain that you almost never want to cut whole lines .
In fact programmers , editing source code , very often want to work on whole lines , ranges of lines and blocks of code .
However , yy is only one of many way to yank text into the anonymous copy buffer ( or " register " as it's called in vi ) .
The " Zen " of vi is that you 're speaking a language .
The initial y is a verb .
The statement yy is a synonym for y_ .
The y is doubled up to make it easier to type , since it is such a common operation .
This can also be expressed as dd P ( delete the current line and paste a copy back into place ; leaving a copy in the anonymous register as a side effect ) .
The y and d " verbs " take any movement as their " subject . "
Thus yW is " yank from here ( the cursor ) to the end of the current / next ( big ) word " and y'a is " yank from here to the line containing the mark named ' a ' . "
If you only understand basic up , down , left , and right cursor movements then vi will be no more productive than a copy of " notepad " for you .
( Okay , you 'll still have syntax highlighting and the ability to handle files larger than a piddling ~ 45 KB or so ; but work with me here ) .
vi has 26 " marks " and 26 " registers . "
A mark is set to any cursor location using the m command .
Each mark is designated by a single lower case letter .
Thus ma sets the ' a ' mark to the current location , and mz sets the 'z ' mark .
You can move to the line containing a mark using the ' ( single quote ) command .
Thus 'a moves to the beginning of the line containing the ' a ' mark .
You can move to the precise location of any mark using the ` ( backquote ) command .
Thus `z will move directly to the exact location of the 'z ' mark .
Because these are " movements " they can also be used as subjects for other " statements . "
So , one way to cut an arbitrary selection of text would be to drop a mark ( I usually use ' a ' as my " first " mark , 'z ' as my next mark , ' b ' as another , and 'e ' as yet another ( I do n't recall ever having interactively used more than four marks in 15 years of using vi ; one creates one 's own conventions regarding how marks and registers are used by macros that do n't disturb one 's interactive context ) .
Then we go to the other end of our desired text ; we can start at either end , it does n't matter .
Then we can simply use d`a to cut or y`a to copy .
Thus the whole process has a 5 keystrokes overhead ( six if we started in " insert " mode and needed to Esc out command mode ) .
Once we 've cut or copied then pasting in a copy is a single keystroke : p .
I say that this is one way to cut or copy text .
However , it is only one of many .
Frequently we can more succinctly describe the range of text without moving our cursor around and dropping a mark .
For example if I 'm in a paragraph of text I can use { and } movements to the beginning or end of the paragraph respectively .
So , to move a paragraph of text I cut it using { d} ( 3 keystrokes ) .
( If I happen to already be on the first or last line of the paragraph I can then simply use d} or d{ respectively .
The notion of " paragraph " defaults to something which is usually intuitively reasonable .
Thus it often works for code as well as prose .
Frequently we know some pattern ( regular expression ) that marks one end or the other of the text in which we 're interested .
Searching forwards or backwards are movements in vi .
Thus they can also be used as " subjects " in our " statements . "
So I can use d/ foo to cut from the current line to the next line containing the string " foo " and y? bar to copy from the current line to the most recent ( previous ) line containing " bar . "
If I do n't want whole lines I can still use the search movements ( as statements of their own ) , drop my mark (s ) and use the `x commands as described previously .
In addition to " verbs " and " subjects " vi also has " objects " ( in the grammatical sense of the term ) .
So far I 've only described the use of the anonymous register .
However , I can use any of the 26 " named " registers by prefixing the " object " reference with " ( the double quote modifier ) .
Thus if I use " add I 'm cutting the current line into the ' a ' register and if I use " by / foo then I 'm yanking a copy of the text from here to the next line containing " foo " into the ' b ' register .
To paste from a register I simply prefix the paste with the same modifier sequence : " ap pastes a copy of the ' a ' register 's contents into the text after the cursor and " bP pastes a copy from ' b ' to before the current line .
This notion of " prefixes " also adds the analogs of grammatical " adjectives " and " adverbs ' to our text manipulation " language . "
Most commands ( verbs ) and movement ( verbs or objects , depending on context ) can also take numeric prefixes .
Thus 3J means " join the next three lines " and d5} means " delete from the current line through the end of the fifth paragraph down from here . "
This is all intermediate level vi .
None of it is Vim specific and there are far more advanced tricks in vi if you 're ready to learn them .
If you were to master just these intermediate concepts then you 'd probably find that you rarely need to write any macros because the text manipulation language is sufficiently concise and expressive to do most things easily enough using the editor 's " native " language .
A sampling of more advanced tricks :
There are a number of : commands , most notably the :% s / foo / bar/g global substitution technique .
( That 's not advanced but other : commands can be ) .
The whole : set of commands was historically inherited by vi's previous incarnations as the ed ( line editor ) and later the ex ( extended line editor ) utilities .
In fact vi is so named because it 's the visual interface to ex .
: commands normally operate over lines of text .
ed and ex were written in an era when terminal screens were uncommon and many terminals were " teletype " ( TTY ) devices .
So it was common to work from printed copies of the text , using commands through an extremely terse interface ( common connection speeds were 110 baud , or , roughly , 11 characters per second -- which is slower than a fast typist ; lags were common on multi-user interactive sessions ; additionally there was often some motivation to conserve paper ) .
So the syntax of most : commands includes an address or range of addresses ( line number ) followed by a command .
Naturally one could use literal line numbers : :127,215 s/ foo/ bar to change the first occurrence of " foo " into " bar " on each line between 127 and 215 .
One could also use some abbreviations such as .
or $ for current and last lines respectively .
One could also use relative prefixes + and - to refer to offsets after or before the curent line , respectively .
Thus : :., $j meaning " from the current line to the last line , join them all into one line " . :% is synonymous with : 1 , $ ( all the lines ) .
The :... g and :... v commands bear some explanation as they are incredibly powerful .
:... g is a prefix for " globally " applying a subsequent command to all lines which match a pattern ( regular expression ) while :... v applies such a command to all lines which do NOT match the given pattern ( " v " from " conVerse " ) .
As with other ex commands these can be prefixed by addressing / range references .
Thus :.,+21g / foo/d means " delete any lines containing the string " foo " from the current one through the next 21 lines " while :., $ v / bar / d means " from here to the end of the file , delete any lines which DON'T contain the string " bar . "
It 's interesting that the common Unix command grep was actually inspired by this ex command ( and is named after the way in which it was documented ) .
The ex command : g/ re /p ( grep ) was the way they documented how to " globally " " print " lines containing a " regular expression " ( re ) .
When ed and ex were used , the :p command was one of the first that anyone learned and often the first one used when editing any file .
It was how you printed the current contents ( usually just one page full at a time using :., + 25 p or some such ) .
Note that :% g/.../d or ( its reVerse / conVerse counterpart : :% v/.../d are the most common usage patterns .
However there are couple of other ex commands which are worth remembering :
We can use m to move lines around , and j to join lines .
For example if you have a list and you want to separate all the stuff matching ( or conversely NOT matching some pattern ) without deleting them , then you can use something like : :% g / foo/m$ ... and all the " foo " lines will have been moved to the end of the file .
( Note the other tip about using the end of your file as a scratch space ) .
This will have preserved the relative order of all the " foo " lines while having extracted them from the rest of the list .
( This would be equivalent to doing something like : 1G ! GGmap !
Ggrep foo<ENTER >1G:1 , 'a g / foo' / d ( copy the file to its own tail , filter the tail through grep , and delete all the stuff from the head ) .
To join lines usually I can find a pattern for all the lines which need to be joined to their predecessor ( all the lines which start with " ^ " rather than " ^ * " in some bullet list , for example ) .
For that case I 'd use : :% g/^ /-1j ( for every matching line , go up one line and join them ) .
( BTW : for bullet lists trying to search for the bullet lines and join to the next does n't work for a couple reasons ... it can join one bullet line to another , and it wo n't join any bullet line to all of its continuations ; it 'll only work pairwise on the matches ) .
Almost needless to mention you can use our old friend s ( substitute ) with the g and v ( global / converse - global ) commands .
Usually you do n't need to do so .
However , consider some case where you want to perform a substitution only on lines matching some other pattern .
Often you can use a complicated pattern with captures and use back references to preserve the portions of the lines that you DON 'T want to change .
However , it will often be easier to separate the match from the substitution : :% g/foo/s/ bar/zzz/g -- for every line containing " foo " substitute all " bar " with " zzz . "
( Something like :% s/\(.* foo.*\) bar\ (.*\) /\1zzz\2/g would only work for the cases those instances of " bar " which were PRECEDED by " foo " on the same line ; it 's ungainly enough already , and would have to be mangled further to catch all the cases where " bar " preceded " foo " )
The point is that there are more than just p , s , and d lines in the ex command set .
The : addresses can also refer to marks .
Thus you can use : :'a , 'bg / foo / j to join any line containing the string foo to its subsequent line , if it lies between the lines between the ' a ' and ' b ' marks .
( Yes , all of the preceding ex command examples can be limited to subsets of the file 's lines by prefixing with these sorts of addressing expressions ) .
That 's pretty obscure ( I 've only used something like that a few times in the last 15 years ) .
However , I 'll freely admit that I 've often done things iteratively and interactively that could probably have been done more efficiently if I 'd taken the time to think out the correct incantation .
Another very useful vi or ex command is :r to read in the contents of another file .
Thus : :r foo inserts the contents of the file named " foo " at the current line .
More powerful is the :r! command .
This reads the results of a command .
It 's the same as suspending the vi session , running a command , redirecting its output to a temporary file , resuming your vi session , and reading in the contents from the temp .
file .
Even more powerful are the ! ( bang ) and :... ! ( ex bang ) commands .
These also execute external commands and read the results into the current text .
However , they also filter selections of our text through the command !
This we can sort all the lines in our file using 1G !
Gsort ( G is the vi " goto " command ; it defaults to going to the last line of the file , but can be prefixed by a line number , such as 1 , the first line ) .
This is equivalent to the ex variant : 1 , $ ! sort .
Writers often use !
with the Unix fmt or fold utilities for reformating or " word wrapping " selections of text .
A very common macro is {!}fmt ( reformat the current paragraph ) .
Programmers sometimes use it to run their code , or just portions of it , through indent or other code reformatting tools .
Using the :r! and !
commands means that any external utility or filter can be treated as an extension of our editor .
I have occasionally used these with scripts that pulled data from a database , or with wget or lynx commands that pulled data off a website , or ssh commands that pulled data from remote systems .
Another useful ex command is : so ( short for : source ) .
This reads the contents of a file as a series of commands .
When you start vi it normally , implicitly , performs a : source on ~/.exinitrc file ( and Vim usually does this on ~/.vimrc , naturally enough ) .
The use of this is that you can change your editor profile on the fly by simply sourcing in a new set of macros , abbreviations , and editor settings .
If you 're sneaky you can even use this as a trick for storing sequences of ex editing commands to apply to files on demand .
For example I have a seven line file ( 36 characters ) which runs a file through wc , and inserts a C - style comment at the top of the file containing that word count data .
I can apply that " macro " to a file by using a command like : vim +' so mymacro.ex ' ./ mytarget
( The + command line option to vi and Vim is normally used to start the editing session at a given line number .
However it 's a little known fact that one can follow the + by any valid ex command / expression , such as a " source " command as I 've done here ; for a simple example I have scripts which invoke : vi +'/ foo/d|wq !'
~/.ssh / known_hosts to remove an entry from my SSH known hosts file non-interactively while I 'm re-imaging a set of servers ) .
Usually it 's far easier to write such " macros " using Perl , AWK , sed ( which is , in fact , like grep a utility inspired by the ed command ) .
The @ command is probably the most obscure vi command .
In occasionally teaching advanced systems administration courses for close to a decade I 've met very few people who 've ever used it .
@ executes the contents of a register as if it were a vi or ex command .
Example : I often use : :r!locate ... to find some file on my system and read its name into my document .
From there I delete any extraneous hits , leaving only the full path to the file I 'm interested in .
Rather than laboriously Tab - ing through each component of the path ( or worse , if I happen to be stuck on a machine without Tab completion support in its copy of vi ) I just use :
0i:r ( to turn the current line into a valid :r command ) , " cdd ( to delete the line into the " c " register ) and @c execute that command .
That 's only 10 keystrokes ( and the expression " cdd @c is effectively a finger macro for me , so I can type it almost as quickly as any common six letter word ) .
A sobering thought
I 've only scratched to surface of vi's power and none of what I 've described here is even part of the " improvements " for which vim is named !
All of what I 've described here should work on any old copy of vi from 20 or 30 years ago .
There are people who have used considerably more of vi's power than I ever will .
The rich and famous now have something in common with hundreds of thousands of middle and lower - class Americans :
The bank is about to take their homes .
Houses with loans of $ 5 million or more will likely see a sharp rise in foreclosures this year , according to a RealtyTrac study for The Wall Street Journal .
Just this week , a Tudor mansion ...
For us wretches who eke out a sad living making fun of people who devote their lives to public service , the past week 's news has brought an embarrassment of riches .
Indeed , a trifecta .
First came the very front - page news that New York 's Gov. David Paterson had — allegedly — intervened personally on behalf of an aide accused of domestic violence .
It is probably not necessary to remind the reader that Gov. Paterson came to power after his predecessor resigned in the wake of an untidy call - girl scandal .
Then there was Charles Rangel , dean of the New York Congressional delegation , who stands accused of accepting trips to the Caribbean ( translation : " bribes " ) ; this on top of failing to pay taxes on rental properties in the Dominican Republic .
His excuse for that amounted to " No hablo Español . "
The accompanying photo of him snoring like a beached cetacean in a lounge chair will doubtless feature prominently in Republican blogs and direct - mail in the days ahead .
Mind - boggled and not yet finished with my first cup of coffee , I turned for comfort to my hometown paper , the Washington Post , only to find a large close - up photo of an extremely forlorn - looking Marion Barry .
Headline : D.C. Council votes to censure Barry .
Hovering above the photo like an antihalo was a quote : " They may take my committee chair .
They can't take my dignity . "
What 's left of Mr. Barry 's " dignity " is now in the hands of the U.S. attorney , whose office is investigating whether Mr. Barry sliced $ 15,000 off a city contract and awarded it to a girlfriend .
The Rams had only one winning season from 1963 to 1966 , the span in which all four Fearsome players were teammates , but those linemen were celebrated for their strength , flair , know - how and agility .
Olsen , 6 feet 5 inches and 270 pounds or so , played left tackle , jamming up the middle , stopping draw plays and screen passes and often pressuring the quarterback .
Deacon Jones , another eventual Hall of Famer , extremely quick and adept at the head slap , lined up at left end .
Jones joined with Lamar Lundy , the right end , in rolling up the sacks while Roosevelt Grier , the former Giants star , was a formidable presence at right tackle .
“ Merlin had superhuman strength , ” Jones told The Los Angeles Times in 1985 .
“ If I was beating my man inside , he ’d hold him up and free me to make the tackle .
If he had to make an adjustment to sacrifice his life and limb , he would make it .
A lot of the plays I made were because he or the others would make the sacrifice . ”
Olsen felt that the Fearsome Foursome could have excelled in any era .
“ What made the Foursome unique , I think , is that we could have fit in extremely comfortably in the modern game , ” he told The Orange County Register in 1997 .
He estimated that the line ’s average weight was 275 pounds and said that “ there was not a weight lifter in the group . ”
“ Imagine how big we ’d be today , ” he added .
“ We could all run , ” Olsen said .
“ The other thing we had going for us was a rare chemistry .
There was also a very special kind of unselfishness . ”
“ Bones ” hits the 100 - episode mark
Tonight marks the 100th episode of Fox ’s “ Bones , ” which may amaze those who originally only saw the series as something for David Boreanaz to do until Joss Whedon finally got around to making an “ Angel ” movie .
Instead , the show has gradually found a sizable fan base who love the patter between Boreanaz and his co-star , Emily Deschanel , as FBI Agent Seely Booth and forensic anthropologist Dr. Temperance “ Bones ” Brennan .
Sorry , did I say “ patter ” ?
Obviously , I meant “ sexual tension . ”
This evening ’s episode is a flashback to the very first case worked together by Booth and Brennan , one which took place a year prior to the events seen in the show ’s pilot .
In addition to the fact that it provides an opportunity for the actors to revisit the way they played their characters five years ago ( or , in the case of Eric Millegan , an opportunity to play Dr. Zach Addy again period ) , there ’s a concluding moment which has the potential to completely change one of the fans ’ favorite parts of the show…or , at the very least , shake it up a bit .
My wife , who has seen every episode of the series since its premiere , got a bit emotional at the concluding scene .
I ’ll be interested to find out if you react the same way .
I was fortunate enough to attend a “ Bones ” breakfast during Fox ’s day of the Winter 2010 TCA Press Tour , and both David Boreanaz and Emily Deschanel were in attendance .
Unfortunately , however , my conversation with David was precisely two questions long , thanks to a strange moment where I asked him about working with Diedrich Bader – he plays FBI Agent Andrew Hacker – and got a blank stare and an assurance that he had absolutely no idea who that was .
At the time , I was concerned that I ’d gotten bad information , but , no , he definitely had worked with Bader .
Weird .
Fortunately , before that confusion caused the chat to come to a complete and total standstill , leading someone else to pick up the reigns of the conversation and run with them , I ’d asked him how he felt about his series making it to the vaunted 100 - episode mark .
“ It ’s kind of hard to believe that you ’re there , ” Boreanaz admitted , “ especially when it ’s hard enough to get a pilot made , let alone picked up .
I ’ve always maintained that whatever you ’re working on , you should work just really in the moment and not think about the next episode .
You should just maintain a real strong sense of your work and your ethics and being honest with yourself and just continue to work hard and see where that takes you , whether you do 12 episodes , 20 episodes , or whether you just do a pilot .
You ’re just fortunate to be working . ”
Thankfully , I made no such faux pas while talking to Emily , who was glad to answer my question about how she thinks the character of Brennan has changed over the course of 100 episodes .
“ You know , I recently just watched the pilot again , because I ’ve been thinking about doing this 100th episode and doing a flashback , so I ’ve been thinking about that a lot , ” she said .
“ I think she ’s become less guarded , more open … she ’s trying to learn socially how to interact with people .
Watching the pilot , I was , like , ‘ She ’s very wild , in a way . ’
She ’s just determined to do her thing and just does it and does n’t care what anybody else thinks … and I just love that about her !
That ’s definitely still true .
In one sense , she ’s become more polished … and I say that in a lot of ways !
But she ’s just growing up and kind of thinking about something before she does it .
And she ’s also trying to understand social interaction and people ’s emotions and feelings … and her own !
Trying to understand other people ’s through exploration of her own .
She ’s not as quick to just kick someone ’s ass !
She ’s kind of learning to take a breather before she …it ’s , like , Fox had this whole campaign of ‘ Take a Moment , ’ and Brennan had to take a moment before she acted on things .
Before , she just acted .
That ’s not to say that she does n’t still just act sometimes , but I think that ’s a way she ’s changed over the years . ”
At the time we chatted , they had n’t yet begun filming the 100th episodes , but they had been having meetings about what it was going to look like .
“ Visually , with the hair and make - up and wardrobe , it was fun trying on the wardrobe that was Brennan back in the day , ” said Deschanel .
“ Cynthia Somers , the costume designer , did a great job .
She was not there at the beginning , but she did a great job of pulling these things that were very Brennan - esque from the beginning .
It ’s been great to go and to start thinking about Brennan in that time and what she was .
It ’s been fun . ”
Imagine if Kraft hired a group of Italian taste - makers and product designers to create a concept for an overhaul of its disturbing lunchables line , and there you have Nutella Snack & Drink .
Made by Ferrero , which produces Nutella , the chocolate and hazelnut confection , the cylinder - shaped Nutella Snack & Drink is divided into compartments containing a serving of Nutella , bread - sticks to scoop it out , and a splash of iced tea to wash everything down .
This product was a staple at all of the roadside Autogrills when we visited Italy two years ago .
Now , you can find it stateside at Buon Italia at Chelsea Market .
For more information ( in Italian only ) , visit the official Nutella Web site and click on " Nutella Snack and Drink , " which features a very compelling commercial ( download zip ) .
While you 're there , be sure to check out mynutella , the Nutella online community , where you can pledge your love for the spread and view the latest photos from Nutella " Live at the Beach . "
Nutella Snack & Drink is $ 3.25 at Buon Italia , Chelsea Market , 75 9th Avenue , New York , NY 10011 ( 212.633.9090 ) .
You may be able to avoid going to trial
Once you are arrested , the police usually take 2 - 4 weeks collecting and preparing evidence to send to the State of Florida .
Understand this information pertains to State cases only , not Federal Investigations / Arrests .
Upon receiving the evidence , the State Attorney can either drop your charges , raise your charges , or simply keep the charges the same .
Working closely and immediately ( after an arrest ) with a Fort Lauderdale criminal defense attorney , improves your chances of a favorable outcome .
Immediate defense
Defense attorney ( Fort Lauderdale ) , Ron L. Baum begins working immediately on your behalf in that short window of time before the charges are “ filed ” , and a court date is set and you are headed to trial .
He will meet with the state prosecutor before the court date is set , and do everything possible to get your charges reduced or dismissed !
He will answer questions and keep you informed every step of the way !
If you own a copy of Mass Effect 2 and have access to the Cerberus Network – free when purchasing the game new –you can now download the new Arc Projector weapon for free .
The Arc Projector is a new heavy weapon that requires two seconds to charge up , ionizing enemies with an invisible laser before nailing them with a lightning - like bolt .
Those with good aim can arc shots to take out explosives at the same time .
Bottom Line : Free lightning gun , go get !
There ’s a lot of movement in the rumor mill about technology waiting to be unveiled at E3 , and we decided to stoke the fires of gossip with a wishlist .
Of course we ca n’t be certain what is going to come up , but speculation is mounting for these cool gadgets ;
PSP 2
It recently slipped out that we could be seeing a PSP2 as early as this year ’s E3 .
And frankly , we ’re excited .
Sony did n’t really nail it with the Go , so this could be their oppurtunity for a second chance .
It would be nice to see a return of the removable battery , and if they do decide to bring back the disk drive , for gosh sakes ’ make it use something a little more universal , like a MiniDisk drive .
DS 2
Another handheld possibility , the DS 2 has a lot of potential as it has already sold so many copies , relying on simplicity instead of graphical grunt .
A higher resolution screen would of course be a welcome addition , as would an ability to watch playback TV online , but we will just have to wait and see .
3D Gaming
As we already speculated on in our Gaming in the Future feature , 3D gaming can not be far off .
Having already graced the PC , and successfully blown many people away in the process ( as well as making some people nauseous ) , console gamers are anticipating the ability to have the Helghast burst out of the screen , or watch as the Locust Horde charges into the room .
The rumor mill is in full swing over 3D gaming particularly after some leaked PS3 firmware screenshots revealed an option for 3D video output .
Natal
It ’s all about Project Natal at the moment , with lag times , predicted prices and more slipping out all the time .
However at E3 , we want to see a real , properly lengthy demostration of Natal in action complete with definitive lag times and a pricetag .
And of course , it ’s real name ( they may as well just call it Natal now anyway , everyone ’s got used to that ) .
The Sony Wand
While we are n’t nearly as excited for the Wand as we are for Natal , it is something we would like to see more of at E3 .
Frankly , this editor views the Wand as little more than a cheap rip off of the Wii controller , but there you go .
Hopefully our opinions can be improved by some promising gameplay footage .
Some decent PS3 firmware updates
Almost all the firmware updates up until now have been fairly inconsequential ; Facebook compatibility , new icons …a sparkly background ?!
We want the ability to seamlessly swap between web browsers and games without having to jump out of the game .
We want to be able to charge our controllers while the console is in standby .
And how about throwing some of the PS2 greats on the PSN !
I certainly would n’t mind Shadow of the Colossus , or Resident Evil 4 .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
And of course , no E3 wishlist would be complete without :
Duke Nukem Forever
Shut up .
If I want to live in denial , let me .
HERE ARE SOME IMAGES :
Comparison 1
Comparison 2
At least 1,500 people turned out in the Pacific port of Vladivostok , raising their hands to support a motion to dismiss Putin 's government .
Around 1,000 rallied in Saint Petersburg and hundreds gathered in several other cities .
They managed to grab a party , steal a Presidency , rig two elections
and bring the government to a standstill just by TAKING WHAT THEY WANT .
They are used BY Corporations and they use the Corporations in return .
Since both have the same goal of power and control .
Corporations want
MONEY and control above any other thing .
They dont care about abortion or
states rights or any such notion .
All Corporations say is SHOW ME THE
MONEY .
They will work whatever side of the fence that is beneficial to them .
Republican Dixiecrats want Control and Power .
The money is really secondary to them .
They just want to control your BODY and LIFE .
They
want to mold everyone into their own image .
They want us all to know that
they have the RIGHT COLOR , RIGHT RELIGION and RIGHT LIFE STYLE .
They reign supreme .
You conform or you are out .
Of course , it is all a lie and mostly figments of their imaginations as
most of them lie , cheat , steal , and fornicate with whomever they please .
They have the SECRET partners they choose , so they are free to condemn
and slander others who are open in their preference for others .
They want to belong to their select group so badly , that they are willing
to deny themselves and who they really are .
They are willing to engage
in reprehensible acts against others ; name calling , spitting
jeering and generally trying to stir up rebellion against the laws of
the land .
We see them in their jobs in the Media , lying about Democrats , President
Obama and every Democratic policy .
They agitate the craziest element
in the nation hoping that somehow these people will act out and intimidate the Congress and the country into obeying and fearing
Republican .
They have done this before and were successful so they mean to keep keep doing what works for them .
The hue and cry of " States Rights " is being heard all over the Media .
Somehow the fact that the states AGREED to a federal system that had
the overall power in the nation is completely overlooked .
These same
states are choosing to NULLIFY the Constitution and the Civil War .
Even though these questions were thrashed out long before ; everytime
the Republicans want to control the issue they try to shred the Constitution .
Republicans make and break laws with impunity when in power .
They told
us when George Bush was President that he had the right to go to war
when he chose because the Constitution gave him that right .
He
was Commander in Chief of the Military and it was his DUTY to protect the
country by any means necessary .
Next , we had Cheney telling us that he could operate OUTSIDE of the law
and the Congress because there was NO law preventing him .
Somehow as
Vice President , he could do whatever he pleased because no law prevented
him .
As he sees it , he can assume any role he chooses because no law
prevents it .
To this day , no Republican has tried to reign Cheney in or
challenged his outrageous statements .
Now that President Obama is in the Oval Office , Republicans claim that he
is trying to exceed his authority .
They claim that Congress has not been
given the right to MANDATE the people but that authority lies with the
states .
Now , President Obama CANNOT write executive orders concerning
upholding already existing laws because the Constitution does not give
him that right .
Republicans keep issuing these circular statements .
Bush
had the right because NO law PREVENTED him but Obama does NOT have the
right because NO law GIVES him the right .
Republicans have very convenient
reasoning .
They can arrange the answer in whatever manner it suits them .
All of the recent law is UnConstitutional because there are no laws
specifically giving the President and Congress the authority .
Somehow all
the laws that George Bush put through under Executive Orders that allowed
our phones to be tapped and emails to be monitored were all ok .
The
fact that Cheney had SECRET meetings with oil people to set Regulations
were ok .
No Republicans called for transparency and they still dont .
All the breaking of the laws against torture is A OK .
Even though our
national laws FORBID torture , Cheney and Bush ok'd it anyway .
They decided
they could make an exception to federal laws as long as they deemed it
NOT TORTURE .
We have had grave infringement on our rights by Republican Administrations
from Nixon through Reagan and both Bushes but NO Republican have stood up
for the rights of the states through any of those infringements .
They
were and are as silent as a tomb .
Somehow Republican transgressions are
not something that concerns the Media or the Republican public .
I find this hypocrisy very telling .
It is as stated before , Republicans
think they know best how every one else should act .
They know what is
good for everyone and every one should be living under their religious
and political ideologies .
They stay true to their motto .
GIVE ME WHAT I WANT OR I WLL TAKE IT .
This morning , Joe Scarborough presented what I consider a version of
the Republican ideology .
He was soundly condeming the Health Care Reform
law as ruinous to the nation .
He argued with Donny Deutsch about the
cost to the nation .
Scarborough said he wanted health care for everyone
but it costs too much .
The nation has too much debt .
He went on to say that he had a child with Diabetes so he understood the
need for health care .
What he didnt say was what he would do if HE HAD NO MONEY OR INSURANCE .
I wanted someone to ask him what he would think about
the Health Care Reform if he didnt have the money to buy health care or a
job that supplied it .
I wanted someone to ask him if he would condemn the bill and NOT ACCEPT
IT .
Would he be willing to allow his son to go without health for his
political ideology .
I think I know the answer .
He would take every bit of help he could get .
He mentioned at one time that his father was out of a job for 18 months in
Florida , I believe , and he depended on his unemployment check .
I would like to know , if his father also applied for Medicaid or other
county or state assistance .
I really would like to know if his family
had to use the very government sources he finds so unsustainable and
costly now .
I think I know the answer to that one also .
HIS FAMILY WAS
DIFFERENT .
They only used it temporarily so it was ok .
Scarborough gets his talking points from Fox and company then he gives
the points to his Republican viewers .
Then they call up C - span and
voice THOSE SAME EXACT POINTS over and over .
I listened to C - span this
morning and heard Scarborough 's talking points repeated almost in the SAME words over and over .
Republican viewers take their talking points and repeat them just like good little parrots .
Scarborough is just like other Repub congressmen , he wants his , damn YOU .
There is not a one Congressional Republican who has turned down
his own government health care .
They all want and accept every bit of
government benefits they can get .
They think that they DESERVE it
and WE dont .
It costs too much for everyone to have it .
Somebody has to
be left out so it might as well be us .
This same hypocrisy occurs all over the Media .
All these talking heads who
negotiate for every dime they can get .
They have excellent health care for
themselves and their families .
Yet , they can expound on the COST of health
care for the rest of the nation .
They DESERVE it , WE dont , it costs too
much .
They dont want to pay any more tax on their millions .
We should
act like good little lemmings and when we get sick die fast .
Fat cats like Limbaugh and Beck , sit on their fat butts and advocate rebellion and violence , yet they experience not one minute of want .
They
exist in a world of their own making , creating chaos through out the
land with lies and misrepresentations .
Yet , they sit back safely in those booths surrounded by security while their minions carry out their suggestions .
They encourage racial animosity and violence .
They advocate rebellion
against our Democratic President and Congress .
They are beyond contempt .
Limbaugh and Beck are following the precedents set before them .
Create
chaos and confusion and you can lie , steal , cheat and manipulate your
way into power .
This is the same tactic an advocate of the Aryan Nation
used to encourage 2 boys to kill a Ethiopian man I believe .
He agitated
and encourage them to murder while his own son remained safe .
He didnt
encourage his own son to do murder .
Those two boys ended up in jail
for many years .
One was supposed to get the death penalty , I think but
it was changed .
Both of their lives forever changed while the one who
caused it never served a day .
Beck and Limbaugh uses those tactics .
They encourage the violence while
maintaining a safe distance .
They wont suffer the consequences of the
violence .
They get their dirty work done without having to get dirty .
Their cohorts in Congress , constantly advocated de-regulation until
there was no financial protection of consumers on Wall St .
They nearly
took the nation over a cliff .
Yet , one year later they are back at it
again .
Media makes no mention of the actions they took which caused
that calamity .
They allow them to talk as if they had nothing to do
with what happened .
It all belongs to Obama and the Democrats .
Media is silent while the Republicans go through the same game plan to
wrest back control of the Congress .
They lie about Democrats , lie about
the President , lie about policies , encourage racial discord { this is
always top of their list}and claim they are patriotic and love the Constitution .
In reality , they hate the Consitution and Civil Rights .
They hate all
protections of OTHERS .
THEY want to hold the power of life and liberty
in this nation .
Only their select groups need apply .
If this madness that Republicans always incite is allowed to go on , they
will throw this nation back 100 years .
Fox channel deliberately tries to
imply that the racial incidents did not occur to the black Congresspersons .
They imply that they are lying .
One person said if they
didnt have it on tape it didnt happen .
She didnt see it and no other
Fox person saw it so it didnt happen .
How can we allow this type of Media bias and bigotry to go on in our
nation ?
We cannot allow these renamed Dixiecrats to carry out their plans .
They mean to take control by hook or crook .
They have the Media advocating
for them .
They can drive the message if we let them .
This morning they were heavy after trying to set the tone concerning Health Care Reform .
They were busy trying to still demean Speaker Pelosi , the President and Senator Reid .
We as Democrats have to be vocal and active against them .
We cannot allow
them to drive their message .
As Rep. Clyburn said , we have to stay on
the offensive .
We cant be silent or passive or they will take what they
want .
We have to let them know that we are not about to let them win again .
The radical right caught fire last year , as broad - based populist anger at political , demographic and economic changes in America ignited an explosion of new extremist groups and activism across the nation .
Hate groups stayed at record levels — almost 1,000 — despite the total collapse of the second largest neo -Nazi group in America .
Furious anti-immigrant vigilante groups soared by nearly 80 % , adding some 136 new groups during 2009 .
And , most remarkably of all , so - called " Patriot " groups — militias and other organizations that see the federal government as part of a plot to impose “ one - world government ” on liberty - loving Americans — came roaring back after years out of the limelight .
The anger seething across the American political landscape — over racial changes in the population , soaring public debt and the terrible economy , the bailouts of bankers and other elites , and an array of initiatives by the relatively liberal Obama Administration that are seen as " socialist " or even " fascist " — goes beyond the radical right .
The " tea parties " and similar groups that have sprung up in recent months cannot fairly be considered extremist groups , but they are shot through with rich veins of radical ideas , conspiracy theories and racism .
“ We are in the midst of one of the most significant right - wing populist rebellions in United States history , ” Chip Berlet , a veteran analyst of the American radical right , wrote earlier this year .
" We see around us a series of overlapping social and political movements populated by people [ who are ] angry , resentful , and full of anxiety .
They are raging against the machinery of the federal bureaucracy and liberal government programs and policies including health care , reform of immigration and labor laws , abortion , and gay marriage . "
Sixty - one percent of Americans believe the country is in decline , according to a recent NBC News / Wall Street Journal poll .
Just a quarter think the government can be trusted .
And the anti-tax tea party movement is viewed in much more positive terms than either the Democratic or Republican parties , the poll found .
The signs of growing radicalization are everywhere .
Armed men have come to Obama speeches bearing signs suggesting that the " tree of liberty " needs to be " watered " with " the blood of tyrants . "
The Conservative Political Action Conference held this February was co-sponsored by groups like the John Birch Society , which believes President Eisenhower was a Communist agent , and Oath Keepers , a Patriot outfit formed last year that suggests , in thinly veiled language , that the government has secret plans to declare martial law and intern patriotic Americans in concentration camps .
Politicians pandering to the antigovernment right in 37 states have introduced " Tenth Amendment Resolutions , " based on the constitutional provision keeping all powers not explicitly given to the federal government with the states .
And , at the " A Well Regulated Militia " website , a recent discussion of how to build " clandestine safe houses " to stay clear of the federal government included a conversation about how mass murderers like Timothy McVeigh and Olympics bomber Eric Rudolph were supposedly betrayed at such houses .
Doing the Numbers
The number of hate groups in America has been going up for years , rising 54 % between 2000 and 2008 and driven largely by an angry backlash against non-white immigration and , starting in the last year of that period , the economic meltdown and the climb to power of an African American president .
According to the latest annual count by the Southern Poverty Law Center ( SPLC ) , these groups rose again slightly in 2009 — from 926 in 2008 to 932 last year — despite the demise of a key neo -Nazi group .
The American National Socialist Workers Party , which had 35 chapters in 28 states , imploded shortly after the October 2008 arrest of founder Bill White for making threats against his enemies .
At the same time , the number of what the SPLC designates as " nativist extremist " groups — organizations that go beyond mere advocacy of restrictive immigration policy to actually confront or harass suspected immigrants — jumped from 173 groups in 2008 to 309 last year .
Virtually all of these vigilante groups have appeared since the spring of 2005 .
But the most dramatic story by far has been with the antigovernment Patriots .
The militias and the larger Patriot movement first came to Americans ’ attention in the mid-1990s , when they appeared as an angry reaction to what was seen as a tyrannical government bent on crushing all dissent .
Sparked most dramatically by the death of 76 Branch Davidians during a 1993 law enforcement siege in Waco , Texas , those who joined the militias also railed against the Democratic Clinton Administration and initiatives like gun control and environmental regulation .
Although the Patriot movement included people formerly associated with racially based hate groups , it was above all animated by a view of the federal government as the primary enemy , along with a fondness for antigovernment conspiracy theories .
By early this decade , the groups had largely disappeared from public view .
But last year , as noted in the SPLC ’s August report , " The Second Wave : Return of the Militias , " a dramatic resurgence in the Patriot movement and its paramilitary wing , the militias , began .
Now , the latest SPLC count finds that an astonishing 363 new Patriot groups appeared in 2009 , with the totals going from 149 groups ( including 42 militias ) to 512 ( 127 of them militias ) — a 244 % jump .
That is cause for grave concern .
Individuals associated with the Patriot movement during its 1990s heyday produced an enormous amount of violence , most dramatically the Oklahoma City bombing that left 168 people dead .
Already there are signs of similar violence emanating from the radical right .
Since the installation of Barack Obama , right - wing extremists have murdered six law enforcement officers .
Racist skinheads and others have been arrested in alleged plots to assassinate the nation ’s first black president .
One man from Brockton , Mass . — who told police he had learned on white supremacist websites that a genocide was under way against whites — is charged with murdering two black people and planning to kill as many Jews as possible on the day after Obama ’s inauguration .
Most recently , a rash of individuals with antigovernment , survivalist or racist views have been arrested in a series of bomb cases .
As the movement has exploded , so has the reach of its ideas , aided and abetted by commentators and politicians in the ostensible mainstream .
While in the 1990s , the movement got good reviews from a few lawmakers and talk - radio hosts , some of its central ideas today are being plugged by people with far larger audiences like FOX News ’ Glenn Beck and U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - Minn ) .
Beck , for instance , re-popularized a key Patriot conspiracy theory — the charge that FEMA is secretly running concentration camps — before finally “ debunking ” it .
Last year also experienced levels of cross-pollination between different sectors of the radical right not seen in years .
Nativist activists increasingly adopted the ideas of the Patriots ; racist rants against Obama and others coursed through the Patriot movement ; and conspiracy theories involving the government appeared in all kinds of right - wing venues .
A good example is the upcoming Second Amendment March in Washington , D.C.
The website promoting the march is topped by a picture of a colonial militiaman , and key supporters include Larry Pratt , a long - time militia enthusiast with connections to white supremacists , and Richard Mack , a conspiracy - mongering former sheriff associated with the Patriot group Oath Keepers .
What may be most noteworthy about the march , however , is its date — April 19 .
That is the date of the first shots fired at Lexington in the Revolutionary War .
And it is also the anniversary of the fiery end of the government siege in Waco and the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing .
A MAN has escaped serious injury after running away from a car crash into highway traffic where he hit three separate vehicles before jumping off a 7 m bridge yesterday .
The seemingly indestructible 38 - year - old was driving up the Pacific Highway near Wyong on the Central Coast about 7.45 pm when his sedan drifted over to the wrong side of the highway and collided with a car travelling in the opposite direction .
The motorist , from Woongarrah , got out of his car to check on the welfare of the family in the other car , none of whom were injured .
" He was ... apologising to the occupants of the other car when all of a sudden he just took off and ran up the road , " said Sergeant Sean Lodge of The Entrance police .
" He ran head - on into a Tarago van . "
The man bounced off but the van could not stop before running over him , with the rear wheel rolling over his body , Sergeant Lodge said .
The man jumped up and kept running straight up the Pacific Highway when he " swan- dived " over the bonnet of another car cracking the windscreen , Sergeant Lodge said .
The man got up again and ran headlong into the side of another car , deeply denting the side panels with his body .
Inexplicably the man got up a third time and ran to the Pacific Highway overpass where the road rises to a 7 m bridge over train tracks below .
He jumped and hit the ground where he rolled a further five metres before police and ambulance crews caught up with him .
" He became angry and had to be restrained and sedated before being taken to hospital , " Sergeant Lodge said .
Sergeant Lodge said the man had escaped injury as the vehicles he hit had all slowed down as they saw him approach .
" They were not going fast , they could see him running up the road .
He deliberately ran into all three cars , " Sergeant Lodge said .
The man was taken to Gosford Hospital for observation with no obvious injuries , Sergeant Lodge said .
He will be tested for drugs and alcohol , and for possible head injuries .
Originally published as Is this the bionic man of NSW ?
A Queens teacher who collects a $ 100,000 salary for doing nothing spends time in a Department of Education “ rubber room ” working on his law practice and managing 12 real - estate properties worth an estimated $ 7.8 million , The Post found .
Alan Rosenfeld has n’t set foot in a classroom for nearly a decade since he was accused in 2001 of making lewd comments to junior - high girls and “ staring at their butts , ” yet the department still pays him handsomely for sitting on his own butt seven hours a day .
In 2001 , six eighth - graders at IS 347 in Queens accused Rosenfeld , a typing teacher who filled in for an absent dean , of making comments like “ You have a sexy body , ” asking one whether she had a boyfriend and making others feel uncomfortable with creepy leers .
TEACHERS GONE WILD !: ‘LOVE BOAT ’ PROM SCANDAL
Because the Department of Education could not produce all the students as witnesses , he was found guilty in only one case .
A girl testified that Rosenfeld stopped at her locker , where she was standing with a friend , and “ said I love him because I talk to him so much . ”
A DOE hearing officer gave him a slap on the wrist — a week off without pay — for “ conduct unbecoming a teacher . ”
He was cleared to return to teaching .
Instead , Schools Chancellor Joel Klein has kept the scruffy 64 - year - old in a Brooklyn rubber room , deeming him too dangerous to be near kids , officials said .
The DOE ca n’t fire him .
“ We have to abide by the union contract , ” spokeswoman Ann Forte said .
So Rosenfeld simply collects his $ 100,049 salary — top scale for teachers — plus full health benefits and the promise of a fat pension , about $ 82,000 a year if he were to retire today .
His pension will grow by $ 1,700 each year he remains .
He could have retired at age 62 , but he stays .
He has also accumulated more than 200 sick days — and will get paid for 100 when he retires .
With city teachers trying to negotiate a 4 percent pay hike , Rosenfeld stands to get the raise .
All this largesse comes as Mayor Bloomberg threatens to cut 2,500 teachers to help close a $ 4 billion budget gap .
Meanwhile , the multimillionaire Rosenfeld lords over the rubber room , where he is the oldest and most veteran of 100 teachers .
He reports promptly at 7:30 a.m. to the cavernous “ reassignment center ” on Chapel Street and spreads out at a table cluttered with used paper cups , plastic utensils , bags of food , news clippings and files .
He “ smells like he has n’t taken a shower in months , ” an insider said .
A licensed attorney since 1973 , Rosenfeld frequently talks on the phone to clients and other lawyers , insiders say .
“ He ’s always working , ” one said .
City rules forbid staffers to conduct business on DOE time .
He refers to himself as “ Dr. Rosenfeld ” and often insults fellow teachers , calling them “ losers ” and “ deadbeats . ”
He also doles out legal advice to his rubber roommates .
“ He ’s very smart .
He helps everybody in the room with their DOE cases and outside legal cases , ” a colleague said .
“ He does n’t charge them , but people buy him food , take him out to dinner . ”
He hung up when The Post reached him on his cellphone .
Further calls to the cell got the greeting : “ Hello , you have reached the law offices of Alan M. Rosenfeld . ”
Rosenfeld oversees a real - estate empire that includes family homes in Queens worth an estimated $ 7.8 million , according to city records .
The Post found he holds the deeds to 12 properties , mostly one - , two - and three - family homes in Forest Hills , Rego Park and Glen Oaks .
He co-owns a three - family brick home on 67th Road in Rego Park with a market value of $ 1 million , records show .
A $ 674,000 , two - story building on Saunders Street in Rego Park is listed as his address and has a shingle outside marked “ Alan M. Rosenfeld , Attorney at Law . ”
A smaller shingle underneath reads , “ Lic. Real Estate Broker . ”
After joining the DOE as a substitute 41 years ago in 1968 , he went full time in 1970 , teaching at several Queens elementary and middle schools until the 2001 charges .
The DOE responded to questions about Rosenfeld in a statement , saying Klein had ordered “ a handful ” of such teachers to stay out of classrooms because they posed a risk to kids .
“ This is not an ideal system , but given the realities of cumbersome state laws and the union contract , we need to balance our obligation to safeguard children with our legal obligation of fairness to teachers , ” it reads
‘ Rubber ’ baron
Alan Rosenfeld , 64 , has parlayed disgrace into a multimillion - dollar empire :
* He has made $ 700,000 in taxpayerfunded salary in eight years — with no job but to sit in a DOE “ rubber room . ”
* He makes top scale for city teachers — $ 100,049 a year — and is entitled to raises .
* He owns 12 properties in Queens with an estimated total market value of $ 7.8 M .
* With his perfect attendance , he has accumulated 435 unused sick days .
When he retires , he is paid for half .
* The 41 - year veteran could collect a basic pension of $ 82,000 a year if he retired today .
* His pension grows $ 1,700 each year he puts off retirement .
susan.edelman@nypost.com
More than 10,000 words were spoken during this week ’s historic oral argument over gun rights at the US Supreme Court .
But one potentially significant word was never uttered during the hour - long session : tyranny .
Long a focus of debates between gun control advocates and gun rights supporters , the issue was not discussed by lawyers attacking Chicago ’s ban on handguns or the lawyer for the city defending local gun regulations .
No member of the court mentioned it either .
( Monitor analysis of the Chicago case here . )
But the idea is there , just below the surface of what analysts expect to become the high court ’s second gun rights landmark decision in as many years .
IN PICTURES :
The debate over gun rights
The basic contention of many gun rights advocates is that the Second Amendment was designed to preserve a large , well - armed , and highly proficient community of gun owners that would make any usurping politician or military commander think twice before attempting to subvert the nation ’s constitutional framework .
Founders ' intent with Second Amendment
“ The Second Amendment … stands as the Founding Fathers ’ clear and unmistakable legal statement that an armed citizenry is the bulwark of liberty and provides the fundamental basis for law - abiding Americans to defend themselves , their families , their communities , and their nation against all aggressors , including , ultimately , a tyrannical government , ” wrote Daniel Schmutter in a friend of the court brief on behalf Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership .
Mr. Schmutter said the Second Amendment is “ the very last line in the defense of American liberty . ”
To gun control specialists this argument is deeply troubling .
They worry that any armed person with a beef against the government will look to the Second Amendment for encouragement to lock and load and then rain down armed force in the face of what he or she perceives as “ tyranny . ”
How to define ' tyranny '
“ In a world in which ‘ tyranny ’ means many different things to many different people , it is of paramount importance that the court choose its words carefully when discussing just what is , and what is not , protected by the Second Amendment , ” wrote John Schreiber in a friend of the court brief on behalf of the Educational Fund to Stop Gun Violence .
“ The Framers plainly did not envision ad hoc groups of armed individuals beyond state control ( i.e. a ‘ citizens ’ militia ’ ) as a constitutional check on tyranny , ” Mr. Schreiber wrote .
“ They saw them as unruly mobs that must be quelled . ”
Although it was not discussed during oral argument in the Chicago case , Justice Antonin Scalia addressed the issue briefly in his majority decision in the high court ’s 2008 ruling striking down Washington , D.C. ’s handgun ban .
“ If … the Second Amendment right is no more than the right to keep and use weapons as a member of an organized militia [ and ] the organized militia is the sole institutional beneficiary of the Second Amendment ’s guarantee – it does not assure the existence of a ‘ citizens ’ militia ’ as a safeguard against tyranny , ” Justice Scalia wrote .
Scalia drew a distinction between government - sanctioned militiamen and a broader “ people ’s militia , ” which he said was the concern of the founding generation .
These sentences have attracted significant interest and speculation from both sides of the gun rights debate .
Schreiber denounces what he calls “ insurrectionist ” arguments .
“ At no time has the Second Amendment been understood to protect a personal or private right of insurrection , ” he wrote .
Schmutter cited history to support his contention that individual possession of arms is essential to preventing usurpation by the state .
Lessons from history
“ During the 20th Century , more than 70 million people , after first being disarmed , were slaughtered by their own governments , ” he wrote .
“ This pattern appeared in Ottoman Turkey ( 1915 - 1917 ) , the Soviet Union ( 1929 - 1945 ) , Nazi Germany and occupied Europe ( 1933 - 1945 ) , Nationalist China ( 1927-1949 ) , Communist China ( 1949-1952 , 1957-1960 , and 1966 - 1970 , Guatemala ( 1960 - 1981 ) , Uganda ( 1971 -1979 ) , Cambodia ( 1975 - 1979 ) , and Rwanda ( 1994 ) just to name a few . ”
He added : “ The Second Amendment was created as the final barricade against the unthinkable – the day when the rest of our Constitutional safeguards have failed us and we stand exposed to the brutal reality that so many in history have understood only too late . ”
The Anti-Defamation League approached the issue from a different perspective .
In a friend of the court brief the organization worried that expansive gun rights might feed into what it said was a pervasive culture of guns and violence among extremists in the US .
What role for government control ?
“ It is imperative that nothing said in the decision of this case threaten the ability of federal , state , and local governments to address the daunting ‘ on the ground ’ challenges posed by trying to keep guns out of the hands of extremists , terrorists , and hate criminals , ” wrote Leonard Niehoff in the Anti-Defamation League ’s brief .
In a dissent in a 2003 gun case , Appeals Court Judge Alex Kosinski laid out his views on the Second Amendment and tyranny .
“ The simple truth – born of experience – is that tyranny thrives best where government need not fear the wrath of an armed people , ” he wrote .
“ If a few hundred Jewish fighters in the Warsaw Ghetto could hold off the Wehrmacht for almost a month with only a handful of weapons , six million Jews armed with rifles could not so easily have been herded into cattle cars , ” Judge Kosinski said .
“ The Second Amendment is a doomsday provision , ” he added .
“ One designed for those exceptionally rare circumstances where all other rights have failed – where government refuses to stand for reelection and silences those who protest ; where courts have lost the courage to oppose , or can find no one to enforce their decrees .
However improbable these contingencies may seem today , facing them unprepared is a mistake a free people get to make only once . ”
IN PICTURES :
The debate over gun rights
Now , armed with a specific piece of legislation that offers concrete benefits to millions of people — and that promises to guarantee insurance for many who found it unaffordable or unattainable — the White House and Democrats believe they may have gained the upper hand .
“ This only worked well for the Republican Party if it failed to pass , ” David Axelrod , one of the president ’s closest political advisers , said at the White House as he watched the vote count for the final bill reach 219 in favor .
“ They wanted to run against a caricature of it rather than the real bill .
Now let them tell a child with a pre-existing condition , ‘ We do n’t think you should be covered . ’ ”
But there is no doubt that in the course of this debate , Mr. Obama has lost something — and lost it for good .
Gone is the promise on which he rode to victory less than a year and a half ago — the promise of a “ postpartisan ” Washington in which rationality and calm discourse replaced partisan bickering .
Never in modern memory has a major piece of legislation passed without a single Republican vote .
Even President Lyndon B. Johnson got just shy of half of Republicans in the House to vote for Medicare in 1965 , a piece of legislation that was denounced with many of the same words used to oppose this one .
That may be the true measure of how much has changed in Washington in the ensuing 45 years , and how Mr. Obama ’s own strategy is changing with the discovery that the approach to governing he had in mind simply will not work .
“ Let ’s face it , he ’s failed in the effort to be the nonpolarizing president , the one who can use rationality and calm debate to bridge our traditional divides , ” said Peter Beinart , a liberal essayist who is publishing a history of hubris in politics .
“ It turns out he ’s our third highly polarizing president in a row .
But for his liberal base , it confirms that they were right to believe in the guy — and they had their doubts . ”
The Berkeley riots confirm that anyone , from California to Greece , will go nuts if budgets are they 're going to be pinched .
But the California rioters did get an audience with Governor Schwarzenegger this week .
And it turns out Arnold had a brilliant line to them :
LA Times :
Schwarzenegger told the students about the proposal he'd made in January for a constitutional amendment to prevent California from spending more on prisons than universities .
He blamed the prison guards ' union for driving up costs at the state 's lockups .
" They are a force , " he said of the union .
" They are very powerful . "
Brilliant !
He 's telling the students that they should blame a union -- not the typical enemy of radical students .
Now the whole prisons vs. universities amendment sounds kind of arbitrary , but the prison guard unions are a major force in the state , and arguably are a huge reason the state drove itself off a cliff .
Here 's a quick backgrounder .
In The Shadow Of FarmVille : How Small Studios Can Succeed In Facebook Development
By Andrew Webster
There 's currently a gold rush in the social gaming space .
FarmVille has over 80 million monthly active users ( MAU ) and , late last year , Electronic Arts purchased Playfish for $ 300 million .
Those types of numbers make people take notice .
But on a platform like Facebook , which seems to be dominated by a few big games and even fewer big developers , creating a popular game can seem like a daunting task -- especially for smaller , independent studios .
Gamasutra sat down with three different developers to learn just how you can be successful on the world 's biggest social network , even if your name is n't Zynga or Playfish .
Setting the Trap
If you were to pitch a game where the gameplay revolved around setting a trap and waiting for mice to come , chances are most publishers would n't bite .
But it was with just such a game that Ontario - based HitGrab Labs was able to achieve its biggest success : MouseHunt .
After getting started doing online marketing , HitGrab eventually made the shift to Facebook development .
" We took on a job where one of our clients ... wanted a Facebook application , " says HitGrab owner Joel Auge .
" So we told them we could do it , though we'd never done it before , and just fell in love with the platform .
We did that and we realized very quickly that we were n't really great customer service people .
But we really liked the platform .
So we decided , ' Why do n't we do our own thing ? ' "
After creating a wedding registry application that Auge says " failed miserably , " the studio made the shift to game development in spite of the fact that no one on the team had any game development experience .
" [ Executive producer ] Brian [ Freeman ] woke up one day from a dream and he was like ' Yeah , mouse traps .
We should have people create their mouse traps ' cause you really just set the bait and then you leave and you come back , ' and we were like ' Oh , that 's interesting , ' " Auge says .
" So we decided to build a game around it .
It took us like two weeks to drum up a quick beta , launched it to 40 friends , and their reactions were , like , unbelievable .
They were freaking out they loved the game and we decided , ' Let 's just be a gaming company . '
And MouseHunt 's growing to this day , actually .
" From a marketing perspective we kind of knew that we had to build a business first , which helped us a lot , to be honest .
We did n't really know what we were doing game wise .
I mean , we 've all played games .
We all have game consoles at home .
So all of us play games .
You know , our generation does .
As far as designers , we really just tailored the gameplay around the platform ...
To be honest , a lot of the obstacles that we were facing , on scaling and making it interesting , those were things that provided us with new opportunities to come up with new ideas that really have n't been used much on the platform at all . "
MouseHunt
And Auge says that these " new ideas " are what allowed MouseHunt to become a success .
On a platform that 's dominated by genre games -- farming , restaurant management , mafia , etc. -- something like MouseHunt is able to stand out .
" To this day , if you were to tell people a mouse game on a social platform is going to do well , they 'd probably laugh at you , " he explains .
" But to be honest I think it 's really protected us to a certain degree .
What we really tried to focus on was stuff that takes too much time really for the big guys to think about . "
This has allowed MouseHunt to garner nearly half a million MAU , enough for HitGrab to survive solely off of Facebook development .
And while those numbers may not sound all that impressive , the key to HitGrab 's success has been in cultivating a very active audience , something it 's been able to achieve via constant interaction with fans .
Every Friday the developers hold a chat with the community where they discuss the game and talk about upcoming content .
The die - hard fans who participate in these chats then spread the word to the rest of the community , saving the studio from having to do much in the way of promotion .
" They do a lot of the work for us , " Auge says " We take care of them and they take care of us .
For instance , we 'll have a feature that we 'll introduce in our Feedback Friday -- we 'll talk about a new area that 'll be released next week , and unless you were in that video chat you would n't have any idea .
So those users then go to the forums and tell all of their friends about these new things that the developers from HitGrab are doing .
And that whole process breeds a sense of community . "
But despite the success of MouseHunt , HitGrab 's second release , MythMonger , has n't quite caught on the same way , with under 50,000 MAU .
According to Auge , this has been a result of not learning from their experience with MouseHunt .
" We did n't really learn the lessons we needed to learn severely enough at the time to implement those lessons from MouseHunt , " he says .
" For instance , MythMonger is complex .
MouseHunt is uber - simple .
And that 's something we should have taken away from MouseHunt , but we did n't really apply it to MythMonger .
" There are probably too many ideas that made it into MythMonger ...
But we 're listening to the audience now and we 're hoping to deliver a better product very shortly .
To be honest , it probably comes from a lack of game development experience .
A lot of the guys in our field have been doing games for years , on mobile or on consoles , and already have an understanding of all these things .
But we 're still learning as a company and we 're probably never going to stop learning . "
Learning From Your Mistakes
In contrast , Broken Bulb Studios , the developer behind Ninja Warz and My Town , did the opposite : releasing a mildly successful first game , followed by a much more popular second release .
But , like HitGrab , the studio did n't start out as a game developer .
After years creating social network content and Flash widgets and toys , Broken Bulb decided to make the move to gaming just nine months ago , selling off all of its assets so it could be 100 percent devoted to game development .
However , Facebook was n't the studio's first choice .
" We originally built Ninja Warz solely for Twitter , " Broken Bulb president Jason Moore explains .
" When we started building it it was during the heyday of the Twitter rise , and we wanted get in early and bypass much of the competition on Facebook by trying our hat at more of a new platform .
" When it turned out that platform just did n't have the viral channels to really support a developer community , we decided to port it and change it for Facebook and immediately you could see the difference : we went from 40 sign - ups a day to several thousand sign - ups a day just by switching platforms .
So we are on Facebook and developing for Facebook because its the most successful platform , as a developer , to get users . "
With Ninja Warz , the studio was able to learn the ins and outs of the platform , and took advantage of that knowledge with the release of My Town .
" A lot of it was due to the viral channels -- and we , at our studio , we are really into user experience , " says Moore .
" Basically , from Ninja Warz we learned what are all the viral channels , or all the communication channels , that Facebook allowed .
And once we got intimately familiar with those , what we were able to do when conceiving My Town was decide how can we use every channel that they offer , but in an organic way that is seamless through the gameplay , instead of just tacking things on , " Moore says .
" So we actually ended up building My Town kind of backwards .
We decided all the features we wanted to use and integrate seamlessly , and then we built a game around that .
That was one of the successful models that helped us build My Town . "
Ninja Warz
The game currently has over three million MAU and helped create a new genre on the platform : the town creation sim , which has already spawned several clones .
But while players may be looking for new experiences when it comes to Facebook games , the trick is , Moore says , convincing the developers .
" I think that a lot of the success that we 've had early on was because it was new and different , " he explains .
" Where it 's a tough sell is to the developers .
It 's an easy thing to say ' OK , this app is successful , let 's just clone that app and I will have a successful app . '
It 's much scarier to developers to say let 's create something new , [ to say ] .
' Let 's create a genre . ' "
Says Moore , " We consider ourselves a very original , very user - focused game studio .
And so we did n't want to just put out a clone .
We could 've made a FarmVille clone , but instead we wanted to make a new genre and I think that the users are clamoring for new and different .
The problem , and the reason why the top games do n't show that , is solely because there is n't new and creative good quality games coming out in new genres as often as there are clones and copycats . "
And while having a large player base is obviously good , Moore believes that there is another factor that is much more important to being a successful Facebook developer .
" I think that retention of users is the number one most important metric on any of our games , and that is the number that we try and aim for the most .
The only thing that 's going to retain players at all is gameplay .
If it 's a good game users will continue to play .
And if it 's not , if you 've got great viral channels you can get users , but if the game is not entertaining and genuinely fun and built for the user , they will tire and bore of it , " says Moore .
" If you 're building a game to be a stand - alone , quality game : take all viral stuff out , would people play this game and enjoy it for an entire month ?
That 's the question you have to ask yourself and I think that most of the games , and most of the developers , hinge so much on the marketing and the virality side that it really takes away from their gameplay .
So we make sure that our gameplay stands on its own , " he says .
" The dedicated fan base is the buying fan base . "
Not a Sure Thing
Of course , while the massive user base and continual growth of Facebook means there is a lot of opportunity for smaller developers , it is in no way a guarantee of success .
This is something that Justin Hall , former CEO of the now - defunct GameLayers , knows firsthand .
" We built the first MMO in a Firefox toolbar , The Nethernet , also known as PMOG , " or passive multiplayer online game , says Hall .
" PMOG / The Nethernet did not monetize well , and it did n't have strong user - to - user growth .
So , as our studio funds dwindled , we looked around and said , ' Where can we make games that make money ? '
We had social game building expertise , and we'd built RPGs before , so seeing the traffic and growth on social RPGs on Facebook attracted us to that platform . "
In late 2009 , GameLayers released two different games on the platform : Dictator Wars and Super Cute Zoo .
But both games only lasted a matter of months , with the studio experiencing issues with two of the most important resources for a small developer -- time and money .
" Both games were fun to make and fun to play , " Hall says .
" But they were not on track to make immediate profit or keep our company open .
" Running an online game is a commitment .
Players have questions , suggestions , feature - requests , and things break as people use them .
We could n't pay our staff to keep evolving our titles , so we decided to take these games down rather than offer continually diminishing service .
" We did n't have a lot of time either ; we raised $ 2 million in 2007 and 2008 and it was steadily diminishing .
For both Dictator Wars and Super Cute Zoo , we launched the minimum viable game and planned to evolve them based on usage .
So we improved our invitation rate and growth potential and improved the game experience .
But the growth we were hoping for did n't come fast enough . "
A major problem for developers , Hall says , is that Facebook is changing so quickly that it can be hard to keep up .
In the case of Super Cute Zoo , this meant that by the time the game was released , it already felt dated to players .
" Social RPGs are a timeless game form with solid monetization potential , but by October 2009 the big stars of Facebook gaming were all Flash - based titles with more polish and interactivity .
With Super Cute Zoo , we offered players a chance to ' collect animals and build your zoo ! ' -- a game that looked mostly like text and menus , not point and click .
" With tens of millions of people playing FarmVille by late 2009 , player expectations had changed , and the female animal - loving market we targeted was excited elsewhere .
Facebook as a game platform changes rapidly , like month by month . "
Some Words of Wisdom
Clearly , like any other platform , there are a number of factors that determine whether or not a game will end up being successful on Facebook .
Having ample time and funding to let your game grow is important , as is the overall quality of the experience .
But , when asked what advice he'd give potential indie Facebook developers , HitGrab 's Auge had one very specific instruction : " I would say hurry , because there 's just a tremendous sense that the big guys are coming into the space .
I would say , if you 're a small indie guy , go after a core audience , be okay about the niche product .
Those users will likely pay your bills . "
GameLayers '
Hall agrees , though his advice is naturally wary -- he thinks that making it big will be a huge challenge .
" I think small developers can definitely carve out a niche , " says Hall .
" If you want a small lifestyle business that supports you and one to three people making games , and making some money from that , and working with your player community , you can have a rich , rewarding social game experience on Facebook .
" You need to be very agile , very fast , and thick - skinned ...
There 's huge potential to design a game that works well within the Facebook network , and it has to be about social interactions between players .
So that 's an exciting challenge .
Small developers who want more than a lifestyle business , where you 're growing a games company and supporting payroll and moving out beyond a group of friends , that is a bigger challenge : you have to keep up with some very smart , very fast - moving competitors . "
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
“ I ’m not God — I ’m just a saint . ”
Richard M. Stallman
The Phoenix > News Features >
Tilting at Windows
Richard M. Stallman is a legendary figure without whom the world would have looked very different , and one of those few whose initials — RMS — is a concept , on a par with JFK and LBJ .
Within certain circles , that is .
Outside of those circles , most people have never heard of him .
Back in the 70s he was a super - hacker at MIT , deeply involved in and committed to the creative movement where program code was shared freely , making everyone involved better coders thanks to the community .
In the 80s , when the commercial potential in computers and software started to rear its ugly head and most of the good hackers left for commercial companies , RMS stayed true to his ideals and laid the foundation of GNU ( a recursive acronym for “ GNU not Unix ” ) which later merged with the Linux kernel .
Bruce Perens , another open source legend , is cited in the article as claiming that RMS ’s contribution to the world of software is worth $ 1 trillion .
( Which tools or formulae he uses to determine the monetary value of something which is patently and fundamentally free , eludes me , but at least it makes for a good headline . )
Anyway , RMS happens to be one of my idols , but enough proselytizing .
If you want to know more , read the article or go to his site , stallman.org .
What I wanted to comment upon in the lengthy profile was this quote :
“ What we need , ” he says , “ is enough people not to be outright cowards , and we can win . ”
“ We can win ”
Now , RMS may have an IQ “ up in the range where trying to measure it starts to get silly , ” in the words of Eric J Raymond , yet another colourful open source profile .
But this is where Stallman is wrong .
“ We can win ” .
Yeah , sure .
He is wrong , but I do n’t hold that against him .
There are different ways of being wrong , and RMS is wrong in the right way .
It ’s quite simple : if “ we ” are the people who fight the influence of corporate power and who acknowledge and resist the drive towards that power : the power over people and people ’s minds that comes from controlling the economy , then “ we ” can never win as long as software has any importance in and influence over people ’s lives .
There are plenty of people runnning around and saying “ We can win ” , sometimes with the addition “ … , if only [ we had more people | someone would give us what we deserve | the government was n’t such a bunch of corrupt idiots | etc. ] ” ; sometimes with the implied meaning “ We demand to win ! ” — and sometimes without any ostensible substance at all .
There have also been apocalyptic prophets around , foreboding the collapse of the system , for as long as there has been a system that can collapse ; and moralists calling for change and repentance for as long as there has been anything to change and repent .
Lunatics .
The ones who end up in the margins of Monty Python movies .
The ones who have no message except doomsday and moralism , and ( as “ we ” tend to suspect ) who take pleasure in pricking our bad conscience once in a while .
Stallman is different , and that ’s why he can be completely wrong and it ’s still quite ok .
The Harry Potter boycott
First of all : he knows what he ’s talking about , he is intelligent and well - argued .
Even when he is pushing ridiculous cases it is virtually impossible not to agree with him .
His boycott of J. K.
Rowling is a case in point : by mistake , fourteen copies of Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince had been sold from a Canadian supermarket a couple of days before the official release date .
Oh horror !
Rowling and her publishers used the copyright and trade secret legislation as a lever and manged to have a court order issued which prevented these fourteen buyers from reading their own books .
One lawyer stated : “ There is no human right to read . ”
That is a statement with some heavy ramifications , some of them pointing quite directly to nazi-Germany , but even there , the limitations imposed on the public had to do with which books it was legal to acquire , not with limiting your right to read a book it was legal to own .
Stallman drily comments :
Any official , judge , or legislator who is not outraged by this position does not deserve to be in office .
And he promptly launched his own Harry Potter boycott , urging others to do the same .
He would only lift the boycott under certain conditions :
On what conditions should we end this boycott ?
Forgiveness is called for when someone recognizes what he did wrong and acts accordingly .
I think we should forgive Rowling ( or her publisher ) when she ( it ) Recognizes that this injunction was wrong .
Promises not to do anything like it again .
Calls for changes in the law so that nobody can get such an injunction again , and to establish a clear and firm “ human right to read ” .
I ’m sure Rowling and her publisher have spent many sleepless nights worrying about the consequences of this boycott .
They must also certainly have felt it as a blow to their wallets .
Yeah , right .
The boycott appears as slightly ridiculous — not because Stallman is wrong regarding the substance of his argument , but because it is presented in all earnesty .
But that ’s also where it transcends the ridiculous and turns back on the reader ( this reader in any case ) : the initial giggle over little David taking on J.K. Goliath Inc. easily turns into hysteric laughter ( literarily speaking ; do n’t worry — I ’m not turning mad ) , because it is so right and yet so impossible .
It is hysterical ( literally , but again literarily ) to pick a fight with the big corporations , because of course money does n’t talk , it swears , buys presidencies , twists the law , and protects itself .
But Stallman ’s pathetic little boycott highlights the difference between lawful and just , between power and right .
Not utopism
And the saint is he who disregards power because he is right .
Who can look the forces of the secular machinery squarely in the eye , because he has principles of a higher order to fall back on .
This brings us to the second reason why he is wrong in an acceptable way : he has integrity and commitment — he actually lives by his own principles , and thereby , in his own weird way , demonstrates that it is possible .
He does n’t have a mobile phone ; he does n’t browse the web but downloads the html pages with wget and reads them in his email reader ; his only computer is an uncomfortably small Chinese netbook , not because it ’s best , but because it can run with a non-proprietary BIOS .
To most of us , his way seems exaggerated and crazy , like a dinosaur from the paleolithic eighties .
Some of the open source prophets even hold that his stubborn inflexible attitude is detrimental to the cause .
These are the ones who ’d like to see open source as a strong contender in the marketplace rather than as a beacon for freedom .
Stallman ’s position is the latter , and nobody upholds it more strongly than him .
What about us cowards ?
Why are n’t we all like St Stallman , then ?
Surely , that would make the world a better place to be , if we were n’t such outright cowards ?
Better not only for those we help , but in the end for ourselves as well , since we win the aggregated help of the rest of humankind ( in addition to the warm glow of complacency , should we harbour such emotions in such a wonderful world ) .
It has to do with many things , but cowardice is not one of them .
It has more to do with the Prisoners ’s Dilemma : the simplified description , in the form of a game - theoretical scenario , of situations where acting egoistically will always be the most favourable option , regardless of what the other “ players ” do , even though it would be more favourable for all if everybody acted un-egoistically .
Pollution , global warming , equal distribution of goods — these are all real - world examples of the prisoners ’ dilemma : for me ( and you ) the sacrifices involved in living an eco-friendly life through and through are high , and the benefits will only come once everyone changes their lifestyle — which is to say : never , since the sacrifices involved … etc .
Now that we ’re in the religious sphere , here ’s what my wife , who is a church minister , once said on the matter , in a sermon on one of the texts where the crowds in Galilee persecuted Jesus in their boats to hear some Truth :
Here ’s a truth : “ Every two seconds , a child dies of hunger . ”
And we ca n’t hear it , because if we really could hear the full extent of that statement , we would all have rushed out of our churches , gotten into our boats and rowed , not in order to persecute God as we ’d like him to be , but to live by the words that God ’s will is not done with bibles and good intentions , but with bread and by creating a society where nobody is left in the ditch .
But we can’t .
We can’t , because when moral obligation , the quest for redemption , or just an overwhelming empathy enters the prisoners ’ dilemma , there is a chance that insanity lies just around the corner .
What “ we ” really need
So , not wanting to give up the benefits of a better proprietary program in favour of a less functional free one is not cowardice .
It ’s the other way around : hacking away on a sub - par computer in impractical ways because one ’s principles dictates it , is to show courage — but a courage verging on stupidity because it ’s a lost battle .
It ’s the stuff epic legends are made of , but in the real world David very rarely beats Goliath .
And yet , “ we ” – the rest of us who are n’t saints — probably need them , not for their actions but for the stories .
We need those epic legends : the Joan of Arc , the bunch who went out Saving Private Ryan , the loners and lunatics who go to battle against all odds and hopes .
What “ we ” need is someone who is willing ( or compelled ; for us it does n’t matter which ) to fight that fight , even though we know that it ca n’t be won .
We know that — they hopefully know it too , although it ’s hard to tell , because part of the fight is to believe in victory .
We need someone to remind us that even though it is not human - kindly possible for all of us to do what ’s best , it is possible , at least for one of those human beings who make up society , to act in such a way .
One is enough to make a difference if that one is everyone .
Or to put in differently : we need the actions that define and move the outer limits of the discourse : that define what it is possible to do or think .
That ’s what Jesus , Joan of Arc and RMS have in common .
The fallen saint
At the end of the article , Stallman is quoted with a modified version of his statement :
“ If we fight , ” he says , “ at least there ’s a chance we might win . ”
Perhaps he is n’t a saint after all , just a windmill - fighting madman .
But that ’s fine , I can live with it .
Quijote is a myth - making character too .
The South Bend Tribune reports ,
Atheist and author Christopher Hitchens and Catholic conservative Dinesh D’Souza will present a public debate on the topic “ Is Religion the Problem ? ” on April 7 at the University of Notre Dame .
The debate will be at 7:30 p.m. in Leighton Concert Hall in the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center .
Named one of “ America ’s most influential conservative thinkers ” by the New York Times , D’Souza has been outspoken in his defense of religion in his writing and speaking appearances .
A native of India and a graduate of Dartmouth College , D’Souza served as a policy analyst in the Reagan administration .
He is the author of the best - selling book “ What ’s So Great About Christianity ? ”
He is also the author of a 2007 book , “ The Enemy at Home : The Cultural Left and its Responsibility for 9/11 . ”
Hitchens is an author , journalist and public speaker .
Considered a leader in the “ New Atheist ” movement , he is the author of the 2007 book “ God is Not Great : How Religion Poisons Everything . ”
He has been a columnist and literary critic at The Atlantic , Vanity Fair , Slate , The Nation and other media outlets .
Born and raised in England , he now holds dual British - U.S. citizenship .
( more )
Recently I came into a client who had a Windows XP machine that contained a nasty little virus that rendered the machine nearly unusable .
When the machine would boot the CPU was pegging out at 100 % , causing the GUI to be nearly unresponsive .
I attempted to run AVG , Avast , Malwarebytes - but all for naught .
The machine was so slow it seemed as if installing a simple anti-virus tool was going to take me an entire 40 hour work week .
So I opted for a different approach .
Instead of allowing Windows to boot , I decided it was time take advantage of my good old friend , Linux !
That 's right , Linux can scan a Windows machine for viruses , and it does it quite well .
And in this article I am going to show you a quick way to achieve this .
What you need
Amidst all the simplicity you will enjoy with the Linux scanning , there are a few things you will need .
First you need to remove that drive from the Windows machine .
That 's right , we 're going to attach it to the Linux machine and do a scan of this now " external " drive .
I prefer to use a tool that allows me to attach the drive such that the drive is attached to the machine via USB .
You will also want to have a modern instance of Linux up and running .
The machine can already be on .
In fact , it 's better if it is .
You will also need to install an anti-virus on Linux .
http://www.f-prot.com/download/home_user/ is an outstanding choice .
The " how to "
The first thing you need to do is connect the infected drive to the Linux machine .
Depending upon your distribution , an icon should appear on your desktop .
If it does , double click that icon so to ensure the drive mounts .
Now check to where that drive mounted ( most likely in / media ) .
What you will now do is use your Linux scanning tool to scan that mounted drive .
Let 's say you are using F - Prot .
To run this scan you would issue the command :
fpscan -- disinfect /media/DISK
Where DISK is the mount point of your disk .
This will scan that drive and disinfect it .
Understand that if one scanner does n't locate the infected files you might want to run a different scan .
You can use ClamAV for email - based viruses ( Check out my article " Scan your Linux machine for viruses with ClamTK " for using a GUI front end for ClamAV ) .
NOTE : I will be doing an article on installing and using Avira Antivir on Linux this week .
Hopefully one of your anti-virus tools will have caught the culprit and either quarantined or removed the virus .
Once you are done with the scan , make sure you unmount the " external " drive before you remove the hardware .
After the hard drive is off the Linux machine , re-install it to the Windows machine , and boot up .
Hopefully you are good to go .
Final thoughts
You probably never thought you would need any anti-virus on a Linux machine .
Well , if your Windows machine has become unusable you have found the perfect use for such a combination .
And remember , if you are using Linux for your mail server , you should certainly have anti-virus installed .
Advertisement
Toads may be able to detect imminent earthquakes , according to scientists .
The finding will add to the accounts through the centuries where animals , from dogs to rats , snakes and chickens , are said to have behaved strangely before an earthquake .
In the study published today in the Journal of Zoology , a colony of toads deserted their mating site three days before an earthquake struck L'Aquila in Italy last year – the epicentre was 74 km from the area where the animals had normally gathered .
No toads returned to the site until 10 days later , after the last of the significant aftershocks had finished .
The discovery was made by accident by Rachel Grant , a life scientist at the Open University .
She was studying the effects of lunar cycles on the toads ' behaviour and reproduction .
" I was going out every evening at dusk and counting how many toads were active and how many pairs there were .
Normally they arrive for breeding in early March and you get large numbers of males at the breeding site .
The females get paired fairly quickly .
They stay active and obvious around the breeding site until the spawning is over in April or May . "
One day she noticed there were no toads .
" Sometimes during the breeding season you get a drop in numbers if there 's been a very cold night but usually , the day after , they come back again .
It was very unusual that there was none at all . "
There could be several mechanisms for animals to sense the beginnings of an earthquake , wrote Grant in the Journal of Zoology .
They could detect seismic waves directly or ground tilt ( which can occur in the minutes before a quake ) .
In addition there might be anomalies in the Earth 's magnetic field .
Looking for clues to explain the toads ' behaviour , Grant found that scientists had noticed disruptions in the ionosphere , the uppermost electromagnetic layer of the earth 's atmosphere , at the time of the L'Aquila earthquake , which the toads may have detected .
Previous earthquakes have had similar ionospheric disruptions associated with them .
" I 've spoken to seismologists who said there were a lot of gases released before the earthquake , a lot of charged particles .
Toads and amphibians are very sensitive to changes in environmental chemistry and I think these gases and charged particles could have been detected by the toads . "
Previously , fish , rodents and snakes have been anecdotally associated with unusual behaviour more than a week before an earthquake or at distances greater than 50km .
In 2003 , Japanese doctor Kiyoshi Shimamura found that there was a jump in dog bites and other dog-related complaints before and after earthquakes .
Before the 1995 earthquake in Kobe , a disaster that killed more than 6,000 people , he found that accounts of dogs barking " excessively " went up by 18 % on average in the months before the earthquake .
Above the epicentre on Awaji Island , there was a 60 % increase in complaints compared with a year earlier .
Grant 's work is not the first time toads have been associated with sensing the precursors of earthquakes .
" In 2008 , there was a big earthquake in Szechuan province in China and there was unusual migration of toads seen , " she said .
" I 'd like to study it further and look at animal behaviour in combination with seismological and geophysical precursors . "
Con el comienzo de un nuevo año , es sumamente fundamental poder conocer las fechas que nos depara el calendario laboral 2011 y que rige tanto a nivel nacional , como para cada comunidad autónoma que aparte tiene sus festivos propios y que incluso pueden correr alguno , que puede incidir en el horario comercial del pequeño comercio .
Es por eso que les pasamos informar cuales son los días festivos 2011 en España a nivel general y a niverl particular de cada una de las CC .
AA , con el fin de que usted pueda planificar su vida , lo cual incluye además de sus obligaciones en cuanto al trabajo , la posibilidad de tomarse unos días de vacaciones en Semana Santa 2011 y por supuesto , en verano aprovechando los diferentes puentes que se van sucediendo a lo largo del año 2011 que inicia .
También podéis iros adelantando ya al año que viene con el calendario laboral 2012
Este año más que los anteriores estará difícil para todos poder salir de vacaciones si no se ha ahorrado lo suficiente , podemos decir que tanto los comercios , hoteles , y los españoles deberán disfrutar al máximo de cada descanso si es que lo tienen ya que la crisis es cada vez más dura y se vuelve más difícil al iniciar el año planificar las vacaciones si no se tiene certeza laboral de que cuando llegue la fecha serán fechas de descanso por estar en paro o por haberlas elegido .
Lo mejor será fijar una fecha y rogar que cuando llegue el día todavía seamos empleados y no lo contrario .
Como cada inicio de año y aprobación de calendario , hay que aclarar que las Comunidades Autónomas pueden si lo deciden ya que les asiste el derecho de trasladar los feriados que puedan caer en domingo a trasladarlo un lunes .
Y que ya ha sido publicado en el Boletín Oficial Español ( BOE ) , Además pueden acceder al Calendario festivos 2012 .
Celendario Laboral 2011 España :
Sábado 1 de enero – Año Nuevo
Jueves 6 de enero – Epifanía del Señor
Jueves 21 de abril – Jueves Santo
Viernes 22 de abril – Viernes Santo
Domingo 1 de mayo – Fiesta del Trabajo
Lunes 2 de mayo – Lunes siguiente a día del Trabajo ( no aplica a todas las CCAA )
Lunes 15 de agosto – Asunción de la Virgen
Miércoles 12 de octubre – Fiesta Nacional de España
Martes 1 de noviembre – Fiesta de Todos los Santos
Martes 6 de diciembre – Día de la Constitución
Jueves 8 de diciembre – La inmaculada
Domingo 25 de diciembre – Natividad
Lunes 26 de diciembre – Lunes siguiente a la Natividad del Señor ( no aplica a todas las CCAA )
Como hemos dichos al contar cada Comunidad Autónoma en España con sus propios dias festivos , y tiene la potestad de modificar , trasladando fechas según sus cronogramas y que les sirve a cada empresa y trabajador para establecer sus agendas y vacaciones .
Calendarios CC.AA :
Es por ello que desde aquí os dejamos a través de los diferentes enlaces al calendario laboral 2011 de cada CCAA .
Ya que como el mundo de las finanzas y los mercados bursátiles se rigen por sus propias normas , también os dejaremos desde aquí los Festivos de la Bolsa .
Además pueden disfrutar del siguiente calendario :
Congress demolished Babri , no other mosque will be touched , says senior BJP leader Vinay Katiyar
PADDY'S DVD
PADDY'S FITNESS VIDEO
The Stamina4life fitness endurance video covers training workouts which Paddy has used throughout his sporting career .
It is ideal for anyone who wants to improve their strength speed and stamina .
Cost of the video is £ 14.00 plus £ 2.50 for postage & packing ( inside UK ) , the cheques made out to Paddy Doyle , at PO Box 10802 , Royal Mail , Solihull , West Midlands , Great Britain , B92 9ZB , Great Britain
PADDY'S RECORDS
WR = World Record , ER = European Record , italic letters : record has been broken
PUSH -UPS
( see also our record list for press - up records )
with a 50 lb [ 22.68 kg ] plate weight on his back : 4,100 , 28 May 1987 , Calthorpe Old Boys Birmingham WR
: 4,100 , 28 May 1987 , Calthorpe Old Boys Birmingham non-stop : 7,860 , 25 Feb 1996 , Le Pub , Birmingham ER
: 7,860 , 25 Feb 1996 , Le Pub , Birmingham one year : 1,500,230 , 21 Oct 1988 -01 Oct 1989 , Holiday Inn Hotel Birmingham WR
: 1,500,230 , 21 Oct 1988 -01 Oct 1989 , Holiday Inn Hotel Birmingham 24 hours : 37,350 , 1 - 2 May 1989 , Holiday Inn Hotel Birmingham WR
: 37,350 , 1 - 2 May 1989 , Holiday Inn Hotel Birmingham one hour : 1,705 , 22 June 1993 , Irish Centre , Birmingham WR , now ER
: 1,705 , 22 June 1993 , Irish Centre , Birmingham one - armed , one week : 16,723 , Feb 1996 , Irish Centre , Birmingham WR
: 16,723 , Feb 1996 , Irish Centre , Birmingham one - armed , 5 hours : 5,260 , 6 May 1990 , NEC , Birmingham WR
7,643 , 31 July 1990 , Albany Hotel Birmingham WR
8,794 , 12 Feb 1996 , Holly Lane Sports Centre , Birmingham WR
: 5,260 , 6 May 1990 , NEC , Birmingham 7,643 , 31 July 1990 , Albany Hotel Birmingham 8,794 , 12 Feb 1996 , Holly Lane Sports Centre , Birmingham one - armed , one hour : 1,886 , 27 Nov 1993 , Munster Arms Hotel Birmingham WR
2,478 , 31 July 1990 , Albany Hotel , Birmingham WR
2,521 , 12 Feb 1996 , Holly Lane Sports Centre , Birmingham WR
: 1,886 , 27 Nov 1993 , Munster Arms Hotel Birmingham 2,478 , 31 July 1990 , Albany Hotel , Birmingham 2,521 , 12 Feb 1996 , Holly Lane Sports Centre , Birmingham one - armed , 30 minutes : 1,328 , 31 July 1990 in Birmingham WR
: one - armed , 10 minutes : 400 , 6 May 1990 , NEC Birmingham WR
: 400 , 6 May 1990 , NEC Birmingham on back of hands , 15 minutes : 400 , 11 March 2001 , Birmingham City Centre Digbeth WR
627 , 8 November 2007 , Stamina 's Boxing Self Defence Gym , Erdington , Birmingham WR RECORD HISTORY
: 400 , 11 March 2001 , Birmingham City Centre Digbeth 627 , 8 November 2007 , Stamina 's Boxing Self Defence Gym , Erdington , Birmingham on back of hands , 30 minutes : 425 , 8 July 2001 Flensburg VIDEO ( AVI , 1.5 MB ) WR
689 , 11 March 2001 , Birmingham City Centre Digbeth WR
700 , 20 March 2001 , Staminas Boxing - Martial Arts Centre Erdington WR
1386 , 8 November 2007 , Stamina 's Boxing Self Defence Gym , Erdington , Birmingham WR RECORD HISTORY
: 425 , 8 July 2001 Flensburg VIDEO ( AVI , 1.5 MB ) 689 , 11 March 2001 , Birmingham City Centre Digbeth 700 , 20 March 2001 , Staminas Boxing - Martial Arts Centre Erdington 1386 , 8 November 2007 , Stamina 's Boxing Self Defence Gym , Erdington , Birmingham on back of hands , 1 hour : 660 , 5 March 2000 WR
1,303 , 20 March 2001 , Staminas Boxing - Martial Arts Centre Erdington WR
1,904 , 8 November 2007 , Stamina 's Boxing Self Defence Gym , Erdington , Birmingham WR RECORD HISTORY
: 660 , 5 March 2000 1,303 , 20 March 2001 , Staminas Boxing - Martial Arts Centre Erdington 1,904 , 8 November 2007 , Stamina 's Boxing Self Defence Gym , Erdington , Birmingham on back of hands , 1 minute , with a 40 lb back pack : 22 , 18 March 2008 , at the New Paul O'Grady Show , channel 4 TV London UK WR
30 , 16 August 2008 , Equinox Fitness Club New York USA WR
30 , 16 August 2008 , Equinox Fitness Club New York USA on back of hands , 1 hour , with a 40 lb back pack : 663 , 13 May 2008 at Stamina 's Boxing Self Defence Club Birmingham UK WR
BACK PACK RUNNING
1 mile ( 40 lb weight ) : 6:56 min , 14 Sep 1991 , BBC Record Breakers , London WR
5:35 min , 7 Mar 1993 , Bally - Cotton ( Ireland ) WR
: 6:56 min , 14 Sep 1991 , BBC Record Breakers , London 5:35 min , 7 Mar 1993 , Bally - Cotton ( Ireland ) 5 km ( 40 lb weight ) : 25:15 min , 22 Apr 1995 , Guinness Brewery Road Race Dublin WR
: 25:15 min , 22 Apr 1995 , Guinness Brewery Road Race Dublin 5 km ( 58 lb weight ) : 32:15 min , 10 Aug 1994 , Rostellan Co , .
Cork , Ireland WR
: 32:15 min , 10 Aug 1994 , Rostellan Co , .
Cork , Ireland 5 miles ( 56 lb weight ) : 36:49 min. , 9 May 1999 , Stoneheigh Park Coventry WR
: 36:49 min. , 9 May 1999 , Stoneheigh Park Coventry 6 miles ( 56 lb weight ) : 53:45 min. , 9 May 1999 , Stoneheigh Park Coventry WR
: 53:45 min. , 9 May 1999 , Stoneheigh Park Coventry 10 km ( 40 lb weight ) : 57:02 min , 13 November2008 , Warwickshire UK WR
57:02 min , 13 November2008 , Warwickshire UK 10 miles ( 40 lb weight ) : 1:24 hrs , 7 Mar 1993 , Bally - Cotton ( Ireland ) WR
: 1:24 hrs , 7 Mar 1993 , Bally - Cotton ( Ireland ) Half Marathon ( 43 lb weight ) : 1:59 hrs , 1 May 1988 , Walsall Half Marathon WR
: 1:59 hrs , 1 May 1988 , Walsall Half Marathon Half Marathon ( 40 lb weight ) : 1:58:24 hrs. 20 Sep 1998 , Wembley , London WR
: 1:58:24 hrs. 20 Sep 1998 , Wembley , London 30 miles ( 40 lb weight ) : 7:52:23 hrs , 13 November 08 .
at a cross country course in Warwickshire , UK .
7:52:23 hrs , 13 November 08 .
at a cross country course in Warwickshire , UK. 30 miles ( 76 lb weight ) : 10:00:37 hrs , 31 July 2010 , Grand Union Canal Warwickshire / Solihull UK WR
10:00:37 hrs , 31 July 2010 , Grand Union Canal Warwickshire / Solihull UK Marathon ( 44 lb weight ) : 4:42 hrs , 21 Apr 1991 , London Marathon WR
: 4:42 hrs , 21 Apr 1991 , London Marathon Marathon ( 50 lb weight ) : 5:04 hrs , 12 Apr 1992 , London Marathon WR
: 5:04 hrs , 12 Apr 1992 , London Marathon Marathon ( 60 lb weight ) : 7:51 hrs , 17 February 2011 from Warwickshire to the Royal Leamington Spa town centre , UK WR
: 7:51 hrs , 17 February 2011 from Warwickshire to the Royal Leamington Spa town centre , UK 50 miles ( 40 lb weight ) : 11:56:22 hrs , 4 . Sep 1993 , Bally - Cotton , Ireland WR
: 11:56:22 hrs , 4 . Sep 1993 , Bally - Cotton , Ireland 1/2 mile ( indoor treadmill , 40 lb weight ) : 2:58 min , Radio Buss FM , Birmingham WR
: 2:58 min , Radio Buss FM , Birmingham 1 mile ( indoor treadmill , 40 lb weight ) : 6:08 min , 7 Dec 1991 , The World Gym , Birmingham WR
: 6:08 min , 7 Dec 1991 , The World Gym , Birmingham 5 mile ( indoor treadmill , 40 lb weight ) : 37:45 min , 7 Dec 1991 , The World Gym , Birmingham WR
: 37:45 min , 7 Dec 1991 , The World Gym , Birmingham Course records for 13 miles Droitwich ( West Milands ) , 42 miles Bally - Cotton ( Ireland ) , 65 miles Bally - Cotton ( Ireland ) , Worcester 2 miles , 4 1/2 mi Guinness Brewery Road Race Dublin , 15 , 25 and 30 miles Drovers Walk ( multi terrain course ) , Llanertd Wells ( Wales ) , 25 miles Radnor Ramble Challenge Walk Walk ( multi terrain course ) , 28 miles Cloud 7 Circuit , North Staffs ( multi terrain course ) , Snowdia Mountain Challenge ( from the bottom of the mountain to the summit and down again carrying a 45 lb back
for 13 miles Droitwich ( West Milands ) , 42 miles Bally - Cotton ( Ireland ) , 65 miles Bally - Cotton ( Ireland ) , Worcester 2 miles , 4 1/2 mi Guinness Brewery Road Race Dublin , 15 , 25 and 30 miles Drovers Walk ( multi terrain course ) , Llanertd Wells ( Wales ) , 25 miles Radnor Ramble Challenge Walk Walk ( multi terrain course ) , 28 miles Cloud 7 Circuit , North Staffs ( multi terrain course ) , Snowdia Mountain Challenge ( from the bottom of the mountain to the summit and down again carrying a 45 lb back pack and in another attempt a 65 lb backpack ) , Cotsworld Hill Challenge ( 25 mi , carrying a 40 lb backpack ) , Special Forces Speed March ( 60 km over the Brecon Beacons with a 55 lb back pack ) , Six Dales Circuit Hill Peak Cross Country Challenge ( 42 km with a 45 lb back pack ) , Arden Challenge ( 26 miles , rough terrain , with a 45 lb backpack ) , USAF military cross country walk ( 20 km carrying a 70 lb backpack ) at RAF Molesworth Cambridge ( 3:33:02 hrs ) , Bent Clee 's Challenge Walk over the Clee Hills South ( Shrops hire , UK ) ( 13 miles carrying a 40 lb backpack ) ( 4:25:04 hrs ) ,
SAMSON'S CHAIR ( STATIC WALL SIT )
4:40 hrs , 18 April 1990 , The Magnet Centre Erdington WR , now ER RECORD HISTORY
GYM STAIR CLIMBER
30 minutes with a 40 lb back pack on a Versaclimber : 517.3 m ( 1696 ft ) , 15 Nov 2002 , Marryhill Shopping Center WR
1 hour with a 40 lb back pack on a Versaclimber : 958.9 m ( 3144 ft ) , 17 Oct 2002 in London WR
SIT -UPS
with a 50 lb plate weight : 5,000 in 5 hrs , 28 Aug 1988 , The Firebird Birmingham WR
: 5,000 in 5 hrs , 28 Aug 1988 , The Firebird Birmingham with a 50 lb plate weight , 5 mins : 117 , 22 Feb 1991 , Fox Hollies Centre , Birmingham WR
152 , 3 Aug 1991 , Lamplighter , Birmingham WR
211 , 2 July 2006 , Erin Cra Bragh Sports Centre , Erdington , Birmingham WR
: 117 , 22 Feb 1991 , Fox Hollies Centre , Birmingham 152 , 3 Aug 1991 , Lamplighter , Birmingham 211 , 2 July 2006 , Erin Cra Bragh Sports Centre , Erdington , Birmingham with a 50 lb plate weight , 10 mins : 292 , 3 Aug 1991 , Lamplighter , Birmingham WR
351 , 2 July 2006 , Erin Cra Bragh Sports Centre , Erdington , Birmingham WR
: 292 , 3 Aug 1991 , Lamplighter , Birmingham 351 , 2 July 2006 , Erin Cra Bragh Sports Centre , Erdington , Birmingham with a 50 lb plate weight , 15 mins : 376 , 26 Sep 1990 Knowle West Midlands WR
427 , 3 Aug 1991 , Lamplighter , Birmingham WR
501 , 2 July 2006 , Erin Cra Bragh Sports Centre , Erdington , Birmingham WR
: 376 , 26 Sep 1990 Knowle West Midlands 427 , 3 Aug 1991 , Lamplighter , Birmingham 501 , 2 July 2006 , Erin Cra Bragh Sports Centre , Erdington , Birmingham with a 50 lb plate weight , 30 mins : 580 , 7 Mar 1991 , The Wrexham , Birmingham WR
932 , 2 July 2006 , Erin Cra Bragh Sports Centre , Erdington , Birmingham WR
: 580 , 7 Mar 1991 , The Wrexham , Birmingham 932 , 2 July 2006 , Erin Cra Bragh Sports Centre , Erdington , Birmingham with a 50 lb plate weight , 1 hour : 1,130 , 12 Nov 1989 , Sheffileld WR
1,193 , 17 Oct 1992 , Sky Sports T.V. WR
STEP -UPS
one hour , with a 40 lb backpack { 15 inch bench} : 911 , 20 April 2007 at the Coney Island Exhibition Theatre , Brooklyn , New York , USA WR
1,619 , 13 May 2008 at Stamina 's Boxing Self Defence Club Birmingham UK WR
{ 15 inch bench} 911 , 20 April 2007 at the Coney Island Exhibition Theatre , Brooklyn , New York , USA 1,619 , 13 May 2008 at Stamina 's Boxing Self Defence Club Birmingham UK one minute , with a 40 lb backpack { 15 inch bench} : 41 WR
{ 15 inch bench} 41 five minutes , with a 40 lb backpack { 15 inch bench} : 184 WR
{ 15 inch bench} 184 five minutes , with a 50 lb backpack { 15 inch bench} : 164 , 22 November 2010 , Stamina 's Boxing Self Defence Gym , Erdington , Birmingham WR
SQUATS
one hour : 4,708 , 8 November 2007 , Stamina 's Boxing Self Defence Gym , Erdington , Birmingham WR
BURPEES
15 min : 470 , 19 Feb 1992 , Stocks , Birmingham WR
490 , 22 Feb 1993 , Irish Centre , Birmingham WR
30 min : 860 , 19 Feb 1992 , Stocks , Birmingham WR
930 , 22 Feb 1993 , Irish Centre , Birmingham WR
1 hour : 1,619 , 21 June 1991 , ICC Birmingham WR
1,649 , 19 Feb 1992 , Boys club Birmingham WR
1,822 , 6 Feb 1993 , Irish Centre , Birmingham WR
1,840 , 6 Feb 1994 , Bull Public House Polesworth WR
1,850 , 25 Nov 1995 , Dubliner , Digbeth , Birmingham WR .
: 470 , 19 Feb 1992 , Stocks , Birmingham 490 , 22 Feb 1993 , Irish Centre , Birmingham : 860 , 19 Feb 1992 , Stocks , Birmingham 930 , 22 Feb 1993 , Irish Centre , Birmingham : 1,619 , 21 June 1991 , ICC Birmingham 1,649 , 19 Feb 1992 , Boys club Birmingham 1,822 , 6 Feb 1993 , Irish Centre , Birmingham 1,840 , 6 Feb 1994 , Bull Public House Polesworth 1,850 , 25 Nov 1995 , Dubliner , Digbeth , Birmingham 5 hours : 4,921 , 25 Nov 1995 , Dubliner Public House , Birmingham WR
: 4,921 , 25 Nov 1995 , Dubliner Public House , Birmingham one week : 21,409 , July 1999 , Fairford Air Show , Gloucester WR
SQUAT THRUSTS
one week : 21,347 , May 1998 , Living Well Gym , Solihull WR
: 21,347 , May 1998 , Living Well Gym , Solihull five hours , alternate squat thrusts : 6,696 , 22 July 2000 , International Air Display RAF Cottesmore Leicester WR
: 6,696 , 22 July 2000 , International Air Display RAF Cottesmore Leicester two hours , alternate squat thrusts : 4,901 , 27 May 1995 , Cable Wire Sports T.V. Centre , London WR
: 4,901 , 27 May 1995 , Cable Wire Sports T.V. Centre , London two hours : 3,597 , 12 Aug 1995 , Moseley Arms Public House , Birmingham WR
: 3,597 , 12 Aug 1995 , Moseley Arms Public House , Birmingham one hour , alternate squat thrusts : 2,504 , 3 Sep 1992 , Guinness World of Records , London WR
2,810 , 19 Aug 1994 , Hockley , Birmingham WR
2,820 , 27 May 1995 , Cable Wire Sports T.V. Centre , London
: 2,504 , 3 Sep 1992 , Guinness World of Records , London 2,810 , 19 Aug 1994 , Hockley , Birmingham 2,820 , 27 May 1995 , Cable Wire Sports T.V. Centre , London one hour : 2,010 , 2 Sept 1989 , Leeds WR
2,150 , 23 Feb 1990 , Birmingham WR
2,275 , 20 May 1990 , Roundary Park Leeds WR
3,743 , 4 May 1998 , Staminas Gym , Birmingham WR
: 2,010 , 2 Sept 1989 , Leeds 2,150 , 23 Feb 1990 , Birmingham 2,275 , 20 May 1990 , Roundary Park Leeds 3,743 , 4 May 1998 , Staminas Gym , Birmingham 30 min , alternate squat thrusts : 1,360 , 13 June 1992 , Bristol WR
1,420 , 3 Sep 1992 , Guinness World of Records , London WR
1,580 , 19 Aug 1994 , Hockley , Birmingham WR
: 1,360 , 13 June 1992 , Bristol 1,420 , 3 Sep 1992 , Guinness World of Records , London 1,580 , 19 Aug 1994 , Hockley , Birmingham 30 min : 1,360 , 12 Aug 1995 , Moseley Arms Public House , Birmingham WR
1,871 , 4 May 1998 , Staminas Gym , Birmingham WR
: 1,360 , 12 Aug 1995 , Moseley Arms Public House , Birmingham 1,871 , 4 May 1998 , Staminas Gym , Birmingham 15 min , alternate squat thrusts : 745 , 01 Aug 1993 , World Gym , Birmingham WR
790 , 19 Aug 1994 , Hockley , Birmingham WR
: 745 , 01 Aug 1993 , World Gym , Birmingham 790 , 19 Aug 1994 , Hockley , Birmingham 10 min , alternate squat thrusts : 545 , 6 Aug 1993 , Monarch , Quinton , Birmingham WR
574 , 29 July 1994 , Alcester WR
: 545 , 6 Aug 1993 , Monarch , Quinton , Birmingham 574 , 29 July 1994 , Alcester 5 min , alternate squat thrusts : 290 , 6 Aug 1993 , Monarch , Quinton , Birmingham WR
WEIGHT LIFTING
one hour : 24258.5 kg [ 53480 lb ] , 9 Nov 1990 , Fox Hollies Leisure Centre Birmingham WR
BRICK CARRYING
124.25 km [ 77 mi 350 yd ] ( in > 28 hours ) , 10/11 Feb 1998 Birmingham - Lower Shuckburgh - Birmingham WR
129.347 km [ 80.37 miles ] 21 May 2009 in Warwickshire , UK WR
COAL - BAG CARRYING
one hour : 149 times on a 25 m shuttle course ( weight : 110 lb ) , 9 Nov 1990 , Fox Hollies Leisure Centre Birmingham
( The coal bag can be lifted for as long as possible and put down when the athlete is tired . )
WR
LOG CARRYING
100 times on a distance of 25 ft ( log weighting 56 lb ) : 21:40 min , 31 Oct 1994 , Cannon Hill Park Birmingham WR
STEP UPS
one hour with 56 lb backpack : 716 on a 15 inch height bench on 9 November 2006 in BBC Coventry & Warwickshire Open Centre , Coventry
SHUTTLE SPRINTS
.
Most shuttle sprints in 1 hour carrying 40 lb backpack : 901 , 13 May 2008 .
Stamina 's Boxing Self Defence Club Birmingham UK WR
BOXING
1 minute punching : 470 full contact punches against a punching bag , 13 August 2005 , Record Festival Flensburg ( Germany ) WR
586 upper cuts in one minute on 19 January 2007 at Staminas Gym Erin Go Bragh Sports Centre , Erdington , Birmingham WR
736 , 21 January 2008 , Stamina 's Gym Erdington Birmingham WR
470 full contact punches against a punching bag , 13 August 2005 , Record Festival Flensburg ( Germany ) 586 upper cuts in one minute on 19 January 2007 at Staminas Gym Erin Go Bragh Sports Centre , Erdington , Birmingham 736 , 21 January 2008 , Stamina 's Gym Erdington Birmingham yearly boxing sparring record : 4,006 rounds ( 3 min ) 1994 , Holly Lane Sports Centre , Birmingham WR
: 4,006 rounds ( 3 min ) 1994 , Holly Lane Sports Centre , Birmingham weekly boxing sparring record : 183 rounds , 23 May 1994 , Holly Lane Sports Centre , Birmingham WR
203 rounds , 31 Jan - 6 Feb 1995 , Holly Lane Sports Centre , Birmingham WR
KARATE FULLCONTACT
monthly sparring record : 467 full contact rounds ( in 23 days ) , Sep 1996 , Holly Lane Sports Centre , Birmingham WR
: 467 full contact rounds ( in 23 days ) , Sep 1996 , Holly Lane Sports Centre , Birmingham ten days full contact British title challenge record : 251 competitive rounds , BT Sports Hall , Sheldon , Birmingham WR
: 251 competitive rounds , BT Sports Hall , Sheldon , Birmingham World United Martial Arts Association Warlords 100 man Kumite : 131 rounds against black belts and black belt dan grade instructors ( 2 minute rounds and 1 minute rest breaks ) , 6 May 2000 , Cheltenham Recreation Sports Centre WR
MARTIAL ARTS
Most Competitive Boxing and Full - Contact Martial Arts Rounds fought 6419 against registered fighters between February 1993 to October 2010
fought 6419 against registered fighters between February 1993 to October 2010 Punch Kick Record : 2,777 martial arts kicks and 3680 punches in two hours ( the most punches and kicks connecting with clean strikes in 2 hours ) , 30 Sept 2000 , Nottingham City Centre
( including 1,995 kicks and 2,885 punches in one hour )
: 2,777 martial arts kicks and 3680 punches in two hours ( the most punches and kicks connecting with clean strikes in 2 hours ) , 30 Sept 2000 , Nottingham City Centre ( including 1,995 kicks and 2,885 punches in one hour ) most punch strikes in 5 minutes : 2,128 , 21 January 2008 , Stamina 's Gym Erdington Birmingham WR
: 2,128 , 21 January 2008 , Stamina 's Gym Erdington Birmingham most punch strikes in 15 minutes : 7,668 , 21 January 2008 , Stamina 's Gym Erdington Birmingham WR
: 7,668 , 21 January 2008 , Stamina 's Gym Erdington Birmingham most full contact punch strikes in one hour : 4,104 punches , 1560 kicks , Bletchley Park , Milton Keynes , 19 August 2001 WR
18,372 martial arts strikes in one hour , on 19 January 2007 at Staminas Gym Erin Go Bragh Sports Centre , Erdington , Birmingham WR
29,850 full contact punch strikes in one hour , 21 January 2008 , Stamina 's Gym Erdington Birmingham WR
: 4,104 punches , 1560 kicks , Bletchley Park , Milton Keynes , 19 August 2001 18,372 martial arts strikes in one hour , on 19 January 2007 at Staminas Gym Erin Go Bragh Sports Centre , Erdington , Birmingham 29,850 full contact punch strikes in one hour , 21 January 2008 , Stamina 's Gym Erdington Birmingham
Most full contact punch strikes : 497 in one minute , 2,128 in 5 minutes , 7,668 in 15 minutes , 29,850 in one hour , 107,602 in 5 hours , 124,963 in 7:45 hours , all on 21 January 2008 at Stamina 's Boxing Self Defence Club , Erin Ga Bragh Centre , Birmingham UK .
WR
497 in one minute , 2,128 in 5 minutes , 7,668 in 15 minutes , 29,850 in one hour , 107,602 in 5 hours , 124,963 in 7:45 hours , all on 21 January 2008 at Stamina 's Boxing Self Defence Club , Erin Ga Bragh Centre , Birmingham UK .
most full contact kicks in one hour : kicking against thai boxing kick pads 2,805 times within one hour , in Starnberg ( Germany ) , 7 November 2004 WR
5,750 , 8 November 2007 , Stamina 's Boxing Self Defence Gym , Erdington , Birmingham WR
: kicking against thai boxing kick pads 2,805 times within one hour , in Starnberg ( Germany ) , 7 November 2004 8 November 2007 , Stamina 's Boxing Self Defence Gym , Erdington , Birmingham most punch strikes in 12 hours : 124 , 963 full contact strikes ( time needed : 7:45 hrs ) , 21 January 2008 , Stamina 's Gym Erdington Birmingham WR
: 124 , 963 full contact strikes ( time needed : 7:45 hrs ) , 21 January 2008 , Stamina 's Gym Erdington Birmingham monthly full contact combat record ( boxing and fullcontact karate ) : 560 rounds , Aug 1995 , Holly Lane Sports Centre , Birmingham WR
: 560 rounds , Aug 1995 , Holly Lane Sports Centre , Birmingham World Warlords Kumite Boxing Karate Title Record : 141 full contact 1 minute rounds with 10 seconds rest breaks against 50 black belts graded at 1st , 2nd and 3rd dan on 19 November 2005 , St Benedicts Sports Center , Cheltenham WR
: 141 full contact 1 minute rounds with 10 seconds rest breaks against 50 black belts graded at 1st , 2nd and 3rd dan on 19 November 2005 , St Benedicts Sports Center , Cheltenham fastest 110 - man kumite karate : against 110 opponents in full - contact rounds ( did not lose any fight ) in 3:08 hours , 9 June 2002 WR
Reference opponents for the challenge boxing freestyle title records :
All opponents had to have competed in their sport at a good level , and the martial artists must hold a black belt .
COMBINED DISCIPLINES
In Idaho , a Militia Trains ... for What ?
' The government should be afraid of its people , ' says founder of Idaho militia .
March 30 , 2010  --
They are not police officers .
They are not active - duty soldiers .
But what a group of weekend warriors is doing with guns in the woods not far from the Canadian border is perfectly legal .
" Nightline " visited a recent Saturday training session of the 21st Battalion of North Idaho 's Lightfoot Militia -- a heavily armed force that , we 're told , numbers more than 100 .
Just about a dozen showed up on the Saturday we did .
Along with an awful lot of shooting , they learn survival skills and take first - aid lessons from one of their members , who 's also a firefighter .
Watch the full story tonight on " Nightline " at 11:35 p.m. ET
Their leader is " Major " Jeff Stankiewicz , an unemployed welder with zero military experience .
" The government should be afraid of its people so that it does n't do stuff it 's not supposed to do , " Stankiewicz told " Nightline . "
" It would make them think twice . "
Randall Klein is one of the newest members of the militia .
He joined about a month ago after losing his job .
We asked Klein what he 's worried about .
" It 's not about Barack Obama , but certainly he 's gotten me worried and not just him ...
Nancy Pelosi , Harry Reid and the rest , " said Klein .
" I mean , obviously to me , they want to become dictators of the United States .
I think that 's why they are going on this health care kick and probably trying to bankrupt the country , so they can do their socialist totalitarian dictatorship . "
These men -- and a few women -- are the new faces of this country 's militia movement .
Their numbers have exploded in the past year .
Some chalk it up to the recession .
Others say the surge in militias is largely because of the election of the first black president .
Those who track militias say they all but disappeared over the last decade .
The militias of the 1990s were inspired by the 1992 standoff at Ruby Ridge , Idaho , in which federal agents shot and killed the wife of white supremacist Randy Weaver ; and by the government 's 1993 raid on the Branch Davidian compound in Waco , Texas , in which 80 people were killed , including 20 children .
Timothy McVeigh said both events inspired his 1995 attack on the Murrah federal building in Oklahoma City , in which 168 people were killed .
McVeigh 's co-conspirator , Terry Nichols , was a member of a Michigan militia .
Militia : ' Second Amendment Issues '
The militias of today still fear their government .
But they worry more about a federal takeover of the health care system or the collapse of the economy than about black helicopters and armed agents .
We sat down with a few members of the Idaho militia to try to understand their motivations .
" I started off handing out flyers to get our first meeting going , " said Stankiewicz .
" It was a year ago .
It was April 15th , at the first Tea Party rallies .
...
Now 's the time to start coming together , and I thought , well , if this is n't a good time then there is n't one , and if we do n't start preparing now it might be too late .
You never what 's coming around the corner . "
These men do at least share one value with the militiamen of the past : belief in the right to bear arms .
" Second amendment issues , " said Stankiewicz .
" I believe that 's the most important of the amendments .
The Soviet constitution had the right to freedom of speech and the right to freedom of religion and the right to freedom of the press .
They did n't have the right to bear arms . "
Even though the group is based just miles from Ruby Ridge , in a part of the country known for white supremacy , members said bigotry is not part of their ideology .
" In a constitutional militia , what we are , racism has no place , " said a militia member named Willard who , like many we spoke with , did not want his last name used .
Stankiewicz echoed the sentiment .
" I 've even had people ask me about Muslims joining the group , " he said .
" I said I would have no problem with Muslims joining the group . "
Klein seemed uneasy with the idea .
" Jeff was talking about letting Muslims in , and that would be OK in theory , but a couple of us voiced a concern that we do n't want to get shot in the back , like what happened in Ft. Hood , " Klein said .
A Web site maintained by the militia says men should be the head of the household .
" Nightline " asked Stankiewicz to respond to concerns women might have about that .
" Do you mean are women second - class citizens ? " Stankiewicz said .
" No . God no .
It does n't matter if it 's a household or a corporation or a football team or whatever it is ... you have to have at least one person who makes the final decision .
Stankiewicz said in his world that person is a man .
" You are equals but the man is the head of the household , " he said .
" It 's my Christian background . "
Militia and Local Law Enforcement
The militia says it does not advocate violence against the government or its employees .
Members disavow groups like the Hutaree militia , whose members were arrested this week and accused of plotting to kill police officers .
But the lines can be blurry .
Hutaree 's
Web site lists only four links .
One is to the site kept by the Lightfoot Militia .
Local law enforcement officials say the Lightfoot Militia seems to be doing everything above board , however .
Militia members have met with the county sheriff 's department .
" As long as they adhere to the constitution of Idaho and adhere to the laws , we do n't have a problem with them organizing , " said Robert Bussey , undersheriff of Bonner County , Idaho .
" It 's just like any group .
If you or I form a stamp collecting club under the constitution , the only time law enforcement would be concerned if you were planning criminal activity or carrying out criminal activity . "
But the " real " authorities were quick to say they would not be calling on the militia in an emergency .
" We want to make sure we know the people that are coming to our crisis , so we do our background checks , " Bussey said .
" This militia , we do not know them , their training levels or what their abilities are , so we would not call them . "
Stankiewicz founded the militia just a year ago .
Since then he has been busy trying to convince the community not to fear the militia .
He teaches kids in the local band and marches in parades .
Militia members even act as crossing guards at local events .
On our way to that Saturday training in the woods , Stankiewicz explained why .
" Everyone in the country , if you ask them about the militia , it 's a bunch of gun-toting drunken rednecks who run around the woods shooting at anything that moves , " he said .
" And that 's not who these guys are .
They have jobs , they own businesses , we 've got firemen .
We 've got all sorts .
These are not crazy people .
These are average , everyday guys . "
But , as we said , most we talked to -- including Stankiewicz -- do n't have a job .
The largest industry in the region , logging , has been hurt badly in recent years , and unemployment here hovers near 20 percent .
And yes , most do take unemployment from the state .
They argue it 's insurance ... not welfare .
" If you want to have free health care and you want to have gay marriage and you want to have whatever -- any welfare programs ... line them up in your state , " Stankiewicz said .
" The states were supposed to be different .
The federal government was there just for national defense and foreign relations .
That was pretty much it .
That way I can live in a state that believes -- and live around people that believe -- the same sort of things I believe .
And liberals , if they want to live in another state , all around people who believe what they believe . "
Militia : ' Less Freedom '
In fact a current candidate for governor of Idaho , Rex Rammell , a Republican , is running on the platform of supporting a statewide militia .
" I do n't think anyone would argue that America is getting more and more enemies all of the time -- both foreign and domestic , " said Rammell .
" I think the way politics is going in the United States and the Tea Party movement -- the whole atmosphere promotes people wanting to get prepared .
And I think that is what this is about . "
Rammell raised eyebrows last year when he joked he'd like to a buy a license to hunt President Obama .
When Rammell ran for Senate in 2008 he got a measly 5 percent of the vote .
This year , he says , things have changed .
" It 's because of the current administration 's politics -- the more they force upon the states , the more noise there is , " Rammell said .
" The more concern people have , the less freedom there is .
Lots of Idahoans believe the health care bill is very intrusive on our individual rights .
...
We are not going to allow them to come into the state and make what we believe are unconstitutional mandates .
Even if they can get them passed in D.C. , we are not going to all that to happen .
These guys want to show a little force behind the scene ...
I do n't have a problem with that . "
Stankiewicz said he was n't looking for a showdown .
" I keep telling the guys , I do n't know how many times I 've said it at the meetings , " he said .
" I 'll be happy to be an old man with some really nice hunting and camping gear and have nothing happen .
That would be the best . "
The US government hauled two members of the " most notorious Internet ' release ' group of the last decade " into court this month for a trial — but when it ended on Friday , both men walked away free .
The two men were Adil Cassim of California and Matthew Chow of Texas .
According to the government , both had been active members of a prelease ripping groups called " Rabid Neurosis " ( RNS ) .
RNS existed from 1997 through 2007 , at which point members hastily dissolved after European police snatched one of their servers .
In the decade of its existence , RNS released nearly 18,000 copyrighted sound recordings onto the Internet , many of them before their official release .
The group was allegedly headed by Cassim , who went by the handle " Kali . "
The group 's rippers included radio DJs , buyers who purchased albums from stores or countries with early release dates , and a pair of workers at a North Carolina CD manufacturing plant that made discs for Universal .
As for Chow , he came aboard the pirate ship around 2000 , and was first asked to spice up the art in the group 's .nfo files included with each RNS rip .
Later , he allegedly served as a ripper , buying discs legally the day they were released and then ripping and uploading them .
" Private financial gain "
While we focus most commonly on civil copyright infringement lawsuits and the massive damages at issue in those cases , this case was a bit different .
This time , the federal government went after RNS and hit the group 's members with criminal conspiracy charges ( max of five years in jail and a $ 250,000 fine , along with possible restitution ) .
According to US law , such charges could be brought only if a person 's behavior was done for one of the following three reasons :
For purposes of commercial advantage or private financial gain
By the reproduction or distribution , including by electronic means , during any 180 - day period , of one or more copies or phonorecords of one or more copyrighted works , which have a total retail value of more than $ 1,000
By the distribution of a work being prepared for commercial distribution , by making it available on a computer network accessible to members of the public , if such person knew or should have known that the work was intended for commercial distribution
Note that the government did not charge anyone with actual counts of copyright infringement ; the charge was simply conspiracy , and whether or not the group actually managed to infringe copyrights was a separate matter .
The government alleged that RNS members violated not one , but all three of the legal provisions cited above .
The second and third items are fairly clear , but more interesting was the government 's insistence that all of this work done for a decade was performed for purposes of " private financial gain . "
It does not appear that members of the group made money from their work , but the US copyright law so broadly defines " private financial gain that it can apply to " the receipt of other copyrighted works . "
The government claimed that RNS members were given access to huge bodies of infringing works from other ripping groups around the globe , including expensive software and movies still in the theater .
The group was busted up in 2007 , when FBI agents executed a search warrant on Cassim 's house and rounded up other RNS members .
Several of those arrested pleaded guilty to the charges and in fact went to trial last week as witnesses for the government , testifying against Cassim and Chow .
But Cassim and Chow decided to take their chances at trial , which got underway two weeks ago in a Texas federal court .
Before the trial began , Cassim 's lawyers filed an intriguing motion asking the judge to ban the government from using the term " music piracy . "
" The term ' music piracy ' is not evidentiary and , thus , has no probative value , " said the filing .
" The term only serves to label the accused a ' pirate , ' a highly inflammatory label .
Therefore , Cassim asks that the court order the government to refrain from using the term ' music piracy ' and to instruct its witnesses not to use the term ' music piracy ' in trial . "
The motion was denied .
The government brought out FBI special agents who had conducted forensic research on Cassim 's hard drive .
It offered up evidence from an interview with Chow in March 2009 in which he " admitted to purchasing music CDs , copying them , and distributing music to other members of RNS on the Internet . "
It also featured encrypted IRC chat logs of group members discussing operations and deciding to wind down RNS as the feds moved in .
Not guilty
But last Friday , when the matter was sent to the jury , a unanimous decision came back : not guilty .
The government had not met its burden of proof on the conspiracy charge .
A California couple who went on the Dr. Phil show to discuss their work as professional shoplifters have been sentenced to prison terms , The San Diego Union - Tribune reports .
Matthew Eaton , 34 , got a 27 - month s sentence and his wife Nora , 27 , got a year .
The judge took a swipe at Dr. Phil McGraw , calling him a " charlatan . "
" What a terrible , terrible man , " District Judge Irma Gonzalez said .
The couple went on the show in 2008 , ostensibly seeking help for their chronic shoplifting , and explained how they made up to $ 3,500 per week selling stolen toys online .
That sparked the interest of federal law enforcement officers who found 500 boxes of toys in their home awaiting shipment .
( Posted by Doug Stanglin )
We , the undersigned , call for the complete removal of Transvestic Fetishism ( 302.3 ) as a diagnostic category from the future DSM - 5 that is in the process of development .
In support of our recommendation , we note that :
1. Crossdressing by both binary genders was for many years a criminal offense that was applied most commonly to members of the LGBT community as a method of social control and stigmatization ;
2 . By the 1980's the criminalization of crossdressing was abolished in virtually all jurisdictions with almost no controversy , as it had become an anachronistic offense unworthy of attention by law enforcement officials ;
3 . The act of crossdressing , regardless of whether it has sexual content or motivation , involves no inherent harm to the individual engaging in it , to other parties , or to society as a whole ; its presence in a psychiatric diagnostic manual ( whether for the purpose of diagnosis or for the ambiguous purpose of " ascertainment " ) is as anachronistic in the year 2010 as was its presence in the criminal statutes prior to the 1980s , and this trivializes the seriousness of the DSM and diminishes the psychiatric profession as a whole ;
4 . The mere grouping of the behavior called " Transvestic Fetishism " with behaviors such as Pedophilia or Exhibitionism that ordinarily cause grave harm to non-consenting persons and which are justifiably considered serious criminal offenses unnecessarily pathologizes individuals engaging in a harmless gender - variant behavior ;
5 . To the extent that crossdressing is a feature of gender incongruence for some individuals , their issues are more appropriately dealt with in the diagnoses bearing that name ( 302.85 or 302.6 ) .
6 . The application of this diagnosis only to male persons is prima facie evidence of sexism ;
7 . We note with approval the recent statement by Allen Frances , M.D. , in the Psychiatric Times : " As psychiatrists , we have our hands full taking care of the suffering and distress caused by real mental disorders .
There is no need for us to expand our purview to cover sexual thoughts and behaviors that are private and harmless . "
EXCLUSIVE : Two years after baffling audiences with his abrupt cut - to - black ending for HBO ’s The Sopranos , David Chase is back — this time , with a feature film .
Unfortunately , it ’s not about the Mafia .
But the subject matter could be just as compelling .
I ’ve learned that Chase has firmed a late summer / early fall start date for his feature directing debut of an untitled script he wrote himself .
I hear the drama is a music - driven coming - of - age saga for Paramount about a bunch of guys who form a rock band in the 1960s .
Chase will produce with Mark Johnson .
UTA - repped Chase signed to make a movie at Paramount back in 2008 , reuniting with Paramount Pictures chairman and fellow Sopranos exec producer Brad Grey .
At the time , the studio would not reveal what Chase had in mind to make .
It was a big surprise .
Chase ’s film will be released using the label Paramount Vantage , whose name the studio retained when it shuttered the boutique as a full - service specialty division , to reflect that this project is closer to the indie spirit and budget of past Vantage fare like Babel and There Will Be Blood than to Paramount ’s big ticket pictures .
Will the Vantage move lessen expectations for Chase ’s first project since retiring one of the most revered series in TV history ?
My feeling ?
Fuggedaboudit .
I know what you ’re thinking : will Chase ever bring back Tony Soprano in a feature film ?
I asked around .
While a Sopranos movie might not be as dead as Jimmy Hoffa , it is nowhere right now .
This Paramount Vantage film is first priority for Chase .
And , after he ’s writing , producing and directing episodes of A Ribbon of Dreams , the HBO miniseries about the formative days of Hollywood .
But we can still hope .
The majority of Americans , according to recent polls , may have disdain for Wall Street .
But the love affair with money and power still burns strong in some circles of New York City .
At least that is what a bunch of night - club promoters and marketing executives are betting on .
Check out the Website for " Fashion Meets Finance , " a series of ...
The front desk nurse is smiling again .
Third Chicklet - gummed flashing in the past few minutes .
She breaks her stare from an issue of Us Weekly to watch while I squirm in my chair .
She smiles .
I smile back .
If she only knew the reason for my occasional shift in weight from cheek to cheek was so I did n’t crap my pants she would n’t be smiling so wide .
Well , it ’s been almost a half hour .
I ’ll admit it , I ’m nervous .
Regular people get butterflies in their stomach in tense situations .
I get butterflies but they all put the fluttering on hold to deliver swift kicks to my rectum until I have to find the nearest porcelain pot .
I bet she smiles at every guy .
We must all have that same look on our face .
The glassy gaze of “ how the hell did I end up here ? ” that stares at a flat - screen TV showing Sanjay Gupta discussing the proper treatment of rosacea .
The TV does n’t get any other stations , I already asked .
Honestly , we all know how we ended up at this point .
Even those of us that slept through sex ed .
In my experience , the class was n’t very conducive to sleeping .
It was my first class of the day , I sat in the first seat of a row and videos of grown men dancing in dick costumes and singing about sperm is must - see TV .
It ’s been over an hour .
Good thing I did 75 mph here from work so I did n’t miss out on any of this waiting .
I ’m always on time but I got caught up at work .
Most times I ’m early .
Annoyingly early .
Early for school , early for appointments and even early for dates with her .
I ’d circle the block for at least twenty minutes to waste time .
I always wondered what would happen if she peeked out the window to see my car doing laps around the neighborhood like a pace car at Pocono Speedway .
Would she mention it during dinner after a couple of glasses of courage ?
She never mentioned it .
I started showing up earlier and earlier .
I ’d watch her race around the apartment getting ready .
It all happened last week .
How did I get here ?
Everyone said it was incredibly hard to get pregnant .
Turns out one of us is incredibly fertile .
If I ’d paid more attention in sex ed , I would have known that the pulling out method is n’t an effective form of birth control .
Next thing I know she is peeing on four pregnancy tests screaming “ I ’m not ready for this ! ”
I was screaming on the inside , “ Those things were expensive , stop wasting them all ! ”
I hate a doctor ’s office even if I ’m not the one getting prodded and needled .
I hated school just as much but given the choice I ’d pick a medical exam over algebra class .
To get my mom to keep me out of school involved life - threatening ailments .
My ace in the hole was a headache .
She could n’t prove I did n’t have a headache .
A couple winces in pain and some squinting sold it .
Close the eyes in bright lights .
It was ca n’t miss .
The first few times .
After the third time in a month faking head issues , Mom freaked and wanted to know the cause of the problem .
First it was the general practitioner .
Prognosis negative but try the dentist , he said , maybe the headaches were coming from incoming teeth .
My mouth caused my mother ’s headaches so there might be some correlation .
The teeth are n’t causing the brain pains , he said , but I was going to need braces .
Let ’s schedule that appointment .
Did you try , he asked , getting his eyes checked ?
You would think at this point I ’d fess up to the headache scam and save myself from another doctor ’s appointment and one less piece of hardware for kids to pick on when I returned to school .
You .
Would .
Think .
My vision was one notch below a mole with 20 /20 .
I needed glasses .
They would be ready the same day I got my braces put on .
Hours of crying into a mirror caused a real headache .
My eye doctor ’s office was in the same building as this office .
Exact same floor .
On the way to one of my visits I asked my mom what an “ obgyn ” was as I read the names on all the office doors .
She explained it ’s the place ladies go to have their parts looked at and to check on the baby when they were pregnant .
Like a mommy mechanic .
I wanted to ask if they used the same type of lifts when a 300 - pound woman walked into the office .
A couple months later , mom ’s obgyn left a message on the answering machine and I thought I was getting a baby brother .
No dice .
I miss that eye doctor .
He retired years ago .
I have n’t been able to find a competent one since .
My insurance now mails vouchers for glasses and eye exams .
The only name I recognized on the list of optical shops that accept these vouchers was Sears .
During my last visit for glasses , the tech thought I was the son of God .
I usually just go by Chris but when filling out documents and forms I have to use my legal name .
Computers tend to shorten the name to fit into designated spaces .
According to my driver ’s license , I am Christoph .
I ’ve seen Christophe , Christo , Chri , and once my name was changed to Chris Li to save room .
When the Sears tech asked if my family was religious , I was at a loss for words until he said it was a guess with my first name being “ Christ . ”
The medical voucher christened me Christ Illuminati .
If I were Christ , would I need glasses and vision coverage at Sears ?
While the nurse smiles , the women waiting just stare .
Maybe it ’s because I ’m looking and wondering if it ’s just a check - up or she ’s got a case of rotten crotch .
Men do n’t go to the doctor when they feel fine and they certainly do n’t go for routine check - ups .
It ’s not how it works in the world of penis touching and prostate exams .
A doctor visit means something is wrong and you do n’t go unless it ’s urgent .
A man does n’t get his junk fondled by medical staff unless he is banging a nurse .
Relax ladies , I ’m just as eager to get out …
A side door opens and another nurse calls her name .
This broad looks miserable .
No gum flashing .
I ’m following close behind and staring at her uniform .
She has blood on her shirt .
It reminds me of a high school friend that worked after school in a uniform store for police , firemen , EMT ’s and nurses .
The work was fine but the stories she heard made every shift a depressing day at work .
Men and women buying new uni ’s because they got blood , excrement or brain parts on their favorite outfits .
All of the stories , while told second hand , were depressing yet fascinating .
The miserable nurse in the happy - faced scrubs shoos us into the last room on the left .
I decide it best not to ask in this case .
“ Please lie down on the table and bring down your pants . ”
“ Is n’t that how we got into this mess ? ”
The machines chirped to replace the crickets .
There is nothing worse than being the only person in the room that finds a joke funny .
It happens more than I care to admit .
The nurse lifts her shirt to just below her bra and pokes a microphone - like stick into her belly button .
She giggles .
While she is ticklish this sounds more like a nervous laugh .
The nurse moves the stick in circles like my car in the minutes before our dates .
We watch the nurse ’s every move .
It finally dawns on both of us to watch the screen .
Nothing there as far as I could see .
Maybe all four tests were wrong .
I look back down at her stomach to the tiny shark tattoo just below her waistline .
The first time I saw it was the day we met .
Reaching for a cup , her shirt drifted up just enough for me to notice the tattoo .
Do you know how people in love always claim they feel like they have known the other person all their life ?
In our case it ’s true .
Well , we knew of each other most of our lives , but never officially met until that night at the gym water fountain .
The first real encounter was a senior year art class .
She was a freshman .
We sat on opposites sides of the room and never spoke .
I reminded her of that art class ten years later as she introduced herself at the gym .
She did n’t recall me being in that class and there were no men in penis attire to prove my attendance .
I ’ve got a memory for odd details ; people in my high school classes or the license plate number of a woman that smashed an ice cream cone on the hood of my aunt ’s car when I was seven .
While I ’m great with details , I was oblivious to the fact we worked in the same office building but for different companies .
We would run into each at work and at the gym a few more times after that night .
I found out months later that her coworkers liked to watch me walk from my car to the building every morning .
She only struck up a conversation to make her coworkers jealous .
Throw it in their faces that she talked to Marc .
They did n’t know my actual name so they nicknamed me Marc , with a C , because I looked like a Marc but with a different spelling .
See how bored people are at work ?
She admitted all this after spending another weekend at my house .
Two years later she married Marc with a C .
“ There it is , ” the nurse said .
It ’s tiny .
It does a twist and waves at the camera .
My wife smiles .
I smile .
Even the nurse cracks a grin .
The baby is early .
Showed up and we are n’t ready .
It gets that from its dad .
The US government disburses a significant amount of foreign aid to many countries and , in recent decades , that money has been used as a carrot to induce more acceptable behavior from its recipients .
In a variety of laws , Congress has required that the executive branch certify that a nation has made progress in areas like human rights or narcotics control before different forms of aid to that country can be approved , including continuation of " most favored nation " trading status .
Now , there 's a move afoot to extend this protocol to another area of concern : cybercrime .
A bill , going by the title " International Cybercrime Reporting and Cooperation Act , " has been introduced by a bipartisan group of Senators that includes Utah 's Orrin Hatch ( R ) and New York 's Kirsten Gillibrand ( D ) .
In its current form , it would require the president to evaluate the state of a given country 's efforts to keep cybercrime under control .
That evaluation could lead to the identification of " Countries of Cyber Concern , " those which are n't doing enough to limit the impact of online crime .
Once a country is named on the US ' naughty list , the executive branch would have to come up with an action plan for changing the situation , along with benchmarks for progress .
The bill also calls for any international aid that includes money for telecommunications development to encourage programs to combat cybercrime , which presumably could be used to help implement the action plan .
Any country that fails to follow through and improve the online security environment would risk losing various forms of aid and preferential trade status , just as they would if they neglected to improve their human rights or narcotics control status .
Of course , a waiver from these requirements could be obtained , meaning that they wo n't actually matter if the government decides that the country 's cooperation on other matters is more important than its online security status .
There 's a bit of old and new to the announcement .
Congress has been talking about coordinating the government 's cybersecurity programs under a single administrator for at least a year now , and the senators involved here have been supporting greater security efforts and calling for improved reporting .
Still , there 's a distinct scent of recent events in the bill 's introduction , as the press release that accompanied the bill 's announcement references the fact that " hackers in China launched a large , sophisticated attack on Google and other American businesses . "
In fact , the bill 's backers include various credit card companies , major IT vendors like Cisco , HP , and Microsoft , and sites such as eBay and Facebook .
The roster of backers suggest that the bill is receiving support both from victims of cybercrime and from vendors that hope to sell solutions .
In any case , the bill has some good aspects ; there 's no reason not to have the State Department ensure that any networking aid it provides include provisions to ensure that the networks that result are secure .
Still , the process of certifying that a nation is cooperating on human rights or narcotics enforcement tends to be more about the current politics than it does about the country in question .
We all know we 're not going to cut China off due to its human rights issues , but actually saying so explicitly allows for cheap political points to be scored .
There 's also the issue of what , precisely , we 'd prevent through this process .
Even in a country with the resources to address the problem , like the US , there 's no end of ad hoc fraud and hacking .
Expecting any countries that are poor enough to receive aid from the US to make significant progress might be unrealistic .
At the same time , those countries that have been accused of actively encouraging domestic hackers , like China and Russia , are n't getting much in the way of US money , and do n't tend to be especially cooperative when it comes to US interests .
James Cameron ’s Avatar has railed through box office records and Fox are basking in its afterglow with coffers overflowing and looking ahead to their next wave of cash courtesy of Pandora .
The astonishing success of Avatar does have its drawbacks , primarily how to overcome the inevitable disappointment of the transfer , and loss of the all important third dimension , to the home entertainment market .
The answer is simple : Re-release the film but add in all of the extra scenes which were left on the cutting room floor .
That ’s the rumour , according to THR , who put an extra forty minutes on the running time of the film , already a not inconsiderable 162 minutes , however the likelihood is that the extra footage will far less than this , to remain in the IMAX 170 minute limit .
Cynics may point out that the beating of this particularly bountiful cash pinata through a re-release following the 2D DVD and Blu-ray in late Spring but I ’ve always had the feeling that Avatar would be around again sooner than we thought .
With the proposed sequels no doubt gearing up for production , as well as Cameron ’s rumoured 2012 Titanic re-release in 3D , it seems as though the huge Avatar fanbase will have many more opportunities to return to Pandora again and again .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , March 31 , 2010
Fox News contributors call for Obama to be killed and authors to be shot while Fox points the finger at Alex Jones for instigating violence
Mass murder promoting Fox News , the network that was instrumental in pushing lies about weapons of mass destruction that resulted in the deaths of over a million innocent people , is so concerned about violent comments on the Internet that it employs teams of people to trawl through anti-establishment websites like Infowars.com looking for reasons to report Alex Jones to the authorities .
However ,
Fox seems less bothered about comments on its own website that call for violent bloody revolution and the assasination of President Obama .
Perhaps
Fox should direct more of its resources towards moderating violet comments on their own website rather than trawling through Infowars.com attempting to pick up on anything incendiary so they can shop Alex Jones to the feds .
As News Corpse reported earlier this month , Fox Nation comment moderators did n’t see fit to remove thinly veiled assassination threats made against President Obama .
After
Fox erroneously reported an Obama quote out context about him being killed by his rising cholesterol , “ The result was a rush of comments by Fox Nationalists who were only too happy to see the President dead . ”
Indeed , it was all a big laugh , and not a matter for the authorities , when Fox News ’ own Liz Trotta joked that both Obama and Osama Bin Laden should be killed .
In response to another Fox Nation article , respondents called for Marines to start killing people as part of a bloody revolution .
“ Bring in the Marines and lock and load , then fire at will .
Remember Kent State , ” wrote one commenter , referring to the 1970 massacre when members of the Ohio National Guard gunned down unarmed students , killing four and injuring nine others .
Fox News was similarly unperturbed when neo -con talk show host and Fox News contributor Michael Reagan urged his listeners to kill author Mark Dice for sending 9/11 truth DVD ’s to soldiers in Iraq .
“ Excuse me folks , I ’m going to say this , ” Reagan said during his June 10th 2008 show .
“ We ought to find the people who are doing this , take them out and shoot them .
Really .
You take them out , they are traitors to this country , and shoot them .
You have a problem with that ?
Deal with it .
You shoot them .
You call them traitors , that ’s what they are , and you shoot them dead .
I ’ll pay for the bullets . ”
In none of these cases did Fox News show any concern about violent comments , so their efforts to pay people to trawl through Alex Jones ’ websites in an effort to implicate Jones as an instigator of violence are manifestly hytpocritical .
While its own hosts abuse free speech to make violent threats , Fox News has a history of grassing people up to the authorities for exercising their free speech .
Remember when Bill O’Reilly threatened to have Fox security “ pay a little visit ” to a caller ’s home merely for mentioning Keith Olbermann ’s name on air during his syndicated radio show ?
The caller began by telling O’Reilly , “ I like to listen to you during the day . ”
Continuing , the caller stated , “ I think Keith Olbermann ’s show , ” at which point O’Reilly disconnected the call , proclaiming : “ Mike is — he ’s a gone guy .
You know , we have his — we have your phone numbers , by the way .
So , if you ’re listening , Mike , we have your phone number , and we ’re going to turn it over to Fox security , and you ’ll be getting a little visit . ”
Co-host E.D. Hill — who also co-hosts Fox News ’ Fox & Friends — chimed in : “ Maybe Mike is from the mothership . ”
O’Reilly responded that the caller was “ going to get into big trouble , because we ’re not going to play around . ”
Warning his listeners , O’Reilly continued : “ When you call us , ladies and gentleman , just so you know , we do have your phone number , and if you say anything untoward , obscene , or anything like that , Fox security will then contact your local authorities , and you will be held accountable .
Fair ? ”
At first , the stunt seemed like a gimmick , but two callers did indeed receive threatening calls from Fox security on the back of O’Reilly ’s promise .
In another example , a woman who had called into O’Reilly ’s show and disagreed also received a call from Fox Security while in her car with her daughter .
The woman burst into tears and was frightened by the intimidation tactic .
Perhaps Fox News should concern itself with the violent and aggressive behavior of its own hosts , contributors , and website respondents rather than hiring snoops to grass up Alex Jones because a handful of the millions of comments and forum posts made by other people on his websites hint at violence .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
THE ACLU TODAY
For nearly 100 years , the ACLU has been our nation ’s guardian of liberty , working in courts , legislatures , and communities to defend and preserve the individual rights and liberties that the Constitution and the laws of the United States guarantee everyone in this country .
Whether it ’s achieving full equality for LGBT people , establishing new privacy protections for our digital age of widespread government surveillance , ending mass incarceration , or preserving the right to vote or the right to have an abortion , the ACLU takes up the toughest civil liberties cases and issues to defend all people from government abuse and overreach .
ACLU 100 HISTORY SERIES
With more than 4 million members , activists , and supporters , the ACLU is a nationwide organization that fights tirelessly in all 50 states , Puerto Rico , and Washington , D.C. , to safeguard everyone ’s rights .
IN THE BEGINNING
“ So long as we have enough people in this country willing to fight for their rights , we ’ll be called a democracy . ” — ACLU founder Roger Baldwin
When a roomful of civil liberties activists — led by Roger Baldwin , Crystal Eastman , and Albert DeSilver — formed the ACLU in 1920 , the Supreme Court had yet to uphold a single free speech claim .
Activists languished in jail for distributing anti-war literature .
State - sanctioned violence against African - Americans was routine .
Women won the right to vote only in August of that year .
And constitutional rights for LGBT people were unthinkable .
The ACLU was founded to ensure the promise of the Bill of Rights and to expand its reach to people historically denied its protections .
In our first year , we fought the harassment and deportation of immigrants whose activism put them at odds with the authorities .
In 1939 , we won in the Supreme Court the right for unions to organize .
We stood almost alone in 1942 in denouncing our government ’s round - up and internment in concentration camps of more than 110,000 Japanese - Americans .
And at times in our history when frightened civilians have been willing to give up some of their freedoms and rights in the name of national security , the ACLU has been the bulwark for liberty .
WHY WE DO WHAT WE DO
The ACLU is frequently asked to explain its defense of certain people or groups — particularly controversial and unpopular entities such as the Ku Klux Klan , the Nation of Islam , and the National Socialist Party of America .
We do not defend them because we agree with them .
Rather we defend their right to free expression and free assembly .
Historically , the people whose opinions are the most controversial or extreme are the people whose rights are most often threatened .
Once the government has the power to violate one person ’s rights , it can use that power against everyone .
We work to stop the erosion of civil liberties before it ’s too late .
HOW WE DO IT
We have grown from a roomful of civil libertarians to more than 4 million members , activists , and supporters across the country .
The ACLU is now a nationwide organization with a 50 - state network of staffed affiliate offices filing cases in both state and federal courts .
We appear before the Supreme Court more than any other organization except the Department of Justice .
In addition , we work to change policy as well as hearts and minds .
Our Washington Legislative Office lobbies Congress to pass bills that advance or defend civil liberties and defeat those that do not , our affiliates work in state houses across the country to do the same , and we use strategic communications to engage supporters on the most pressing civil liberties issues of our time .
The defense of America ’s core liberties cannot rely on the courts alone .
Politics and public opinion matter too .
The ACLU is nonprofit and nonpartisan .
We do not receive any government funding .
Member dues as well as contributions and grants from private foundations and individuals pay for the work we do .
If you wish to join the ACLU , or you believe your civil liberties have been violated , contact ACLU headquarters ( https://www.aclu.org/contact-us) or your local ACLU ( https://www.aclu.org/affiliates).
In December of 1998 I was discharged from the United States Air Force at Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio , Texas ; under the military 's " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " policy .
After only serving a few short weeks in basic training , I came to realize that I could not live and operate within an organization that forced me to disguise my sexual orientation .
It 's important for me to note that at the time when I was going into the service ; I had not yet fully come out and remained very confused about my feelings .
In the year prior I had become a " born again " Christian and was taught by my church and believed , at the time , that I had demonic spirits corrupting my soul .
On one occasion I was brought to the alter and many of the church members laid their hands on me praying and speaking in tongues with the goal of " curing " me .
I was young , being only 17 , and at the time homosexuality was far less accepted and understood than it is today .
This understandably made me very confused and scared .
This loose acceptance of a possibility that I could be " cured " was probably one of many reasons I pursued a career in the military .
I suppose I hoped that the strictly heterosexual environment would " help " .
I soon realized , being in an all male unit , that my same sex attraction was very real and not going to go away .
I knew that I could easily comply with rules against engaging in intimacy that exist for everyone in basic training .
But what was becoming clearer was what life would be like after basic training .
I realized that after training , other airmen would be allowed to have intimate relationships and that I would n't be able to have one with another male .
I ultimately decided to first disclose my feelings to a chaplain who then encouraged me to tell my superiors .
I was encouraged by lawyers to state only that I was bisexual even though today I am openly a homosexual .
At that time , I felt same sex attraction but was n't ready to rule out opposite sex attraction ; especially in a letter that would be part of a permanent military record .
I was scared and worried about all sorts of possible lingering consequences .
Certain things stand out in my memory , like going through medical examination and evaluation at my Military Processing Entrance Station ( MEPS ) at Fort Hamilton in Brooklyn .
I remember listening to tapes describing homosexuality and homosexual conduct and then having to sign some forms acknowledging that I received and understood the information .
I remember the recordings and / or paperwork reiterating that there would be consequences for disclosure of homosexuality or engaging in homosexual behavior which at the time seemed very broadly defined .
I remember that once I had disclosed my sexuality , I was accused of lying and held in a room for a couple of hours while my superiors decided what to do with me .
I remember being screamed at by my training instructor ( TI ) , accused of lying and deceiving .
I was told by my TI that this discharge on my record would prohibit me from being successful in life and that I would n't be able to get a job anywhere .
I remember then being pulled from my unit and placed in a unit with people who were being discharged because of physical conditions and mental disorders and then having to continue with training in this special unit alongside the other unit that I had just been taken out of .
I remember feeling embarrassed , ridiculed and inferior .
Maybe I 'm just cynical , but I can't help but feel like this was all some sort of malicious retaliation .
I share this story , and a lot of these painful details , now because I see us at a point in America where this policy can finally be thrown out and so other people like me wo n't have to go through this .
I believe that President Obama , who has said he intends to see this law repealed , needs to take a more active and engaged role in seeing it through , now .
The law to repeal this policy can and should be passed now with a fair time - line built in that allows military leadership to carefully execute the implementation of the repeal .
Any other courses of action are just delaying tactics intended to push a controversial issue into the future to avoid current election year fallout .
Where is the courage ?
I scored high on the ASVAB ( military entrance exam ) and I remember being so excited to pursue a career in the Air Force .
My uncle was a retired major who had taken me to Andrews Air Force Base when I was younger to see Air Force One and I remember dreaming about working on it .
While I acknowledge that it was my own disclosure of my sexuality that led to my being discharged , I feel strongly that the military should be an environment where service members can serve openly and honestly .
I feel I 'm smart and talented and would have been a valuable addition to the service had it been a place where I could exist as a homosexual man .
I was n't willing to live a lie .
The time to repeal this policy is now .
Editor 's note : Michael Specter is a staff writer at The New Yorker and the author of " Denialism : How Irrational Thinking Hinders Scientific Progress , Harms the Planet and Threatens our Lives . "
TED , a nonprofit organization devoted to " Ideas Worth Spreading , " hosts talks on many subjects and makes them available through its Web site , http://www.ted.com/
( CNN ) -- American denialism threatens many areas of scientific progress , including the widespread fear of vaccines and the useless trust placed in the vast majority of dietary supplements quickly come to mind .
It does n't seem to matter how often vaccines are proved safe or supplements are shown to offer nothing of value .
When people do n't like facts , they ignore them .
Nowhere is that unwillingness to accept the truth more evident than in the mindlessly destructive war that has been raging between the proponents of organic food and those who believe that genetically engineered products must play a role in feeding the growing population of the Earth .
This is a divide that should n't exist .
All the food we eat -- every grain of rice and kernel of corn -- has been genetically modified .
None of it was here before mankind learned to cultivate crops .
The question is n't whether our food has been modified , but how .
Read more about Michael Specter at www.TED.com
I wrote " Denialism " because it has become increasingly clear that this struggle threatens progress for us all .
Denialists replace the open - minded skepticism of science with the inflexible certainty of ideological commitment .
It is n't hard to find evidence : the ruinous attempts to wish away the human impact on climate change , for example .
The signature denialists of our time , of course , are those who refuse to acknowledge the indisputable facts of evolution .
Nowhere has the screaming been louder , however , than in the fight over how we grow our food .
If you are brave enough to set a Google Alert for the phrases " genetically modified food " and " organic food , " you will quickly see what I mean .
The anxiety is certainly understandable .
When it comes to food -- the way we produce it and particularly the way we consume it -- we have a lot to worry about .
One third of American children are overweight or obese ; for adults , the numbers are higher .
Our addiction to mindless consumption has made millions sick and costs this country billions of dollars .
The financial toll comes in terms of time lost at work and money spent treating and supporting people with diabetes , heart disease and many cancers , who , had they followed a better diet , would never have fallen ill .
Nonetheless , better eating habits have nothing specific to do with organic food , which provides no nutritional advantage over more conventionally raised products .
Opponents of genetically modified food constantly argue that it is unsafe .
There has , however , never been a single documented case of a human killed by eating genetically modified food .
If every American swallowed two aspirin right now , hundreds of us would die today .
Does that mean we ought to ban aspirin ?
Of course not .
It simply means that there are risks and benefits associated with everything we do and with every decision we make .
When people say they prefer organic food , what they often seem to mean is they do n't want their food tainted with pesticides and their meat shot full of hormones or antibiotics .
Many object to the way a few companies -- Monsanto is the most famous of them -- control so many of the seeds we grow .
Those are all legitimate complaints , but none of them have anything to do with science or the way we move genes around in plants to make them grow taller or withstand drought or too much sun .
They are issues of politics and law .
When we confuse them with issues of science , we threaten the lives of the world 's poorest people .
We are doing that now .
By 2050 , we are going to have 9 billion people to feed , a huge increase over today 's 6.8 billion .
It 's not a figure about which there is much dispute .
To feed that many will require nearly 50 percent more food than we produce now .
It 's not enough to simply say we waste food and consume too many calories , so that if we distributed it more intelligently everyone could eat just fine .
Not in sub-Saharan Africa , where drought is nearly permanent .
Many of those people subsist on cassava , the basic potato - like staple in the region .
It lacks most protein , nutrients and vitamins .
You cannot survive for long without them , so a team of international scientists funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , is engineering vitamins and micronutrients into cassava .
They are engineering success into a failed crop .
It will save and prolong many lives ; that is farming and genetic modification at their best .
Who could be opposed to that ?
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Specter .
Enlarge By Brett Deering for USA TODAY
Jet engine mechanics work on TF33 aircraft engines at the new Tinker Aerospace Complex on Aug. 7 , 2009 in Oklahoma City .
Oklahoma City 's January unemployment rate of 6.7 % is the lowest among large metro areas , the Labor Department said .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) 
The four large U.S. cities that have made it through the Great Recession with the smallest increases in unemployment , Minneapolis , Oklahoma City , Buffalo and Rochester New York , do n't have much else in common .
But a government report shows they 've had the smallest increases in joblessness over the past two years among cities with at least 1 million people .
None of the four relies on heavy manufacturing industries , such as autos or steel , which have been hit hard by the downturn .
And all have avoided the extremes of the housing boom and bust that devastated much of California , Florida and Nevada .
Minneapolis was the city with the smallest rise in unemployment among the nation 's 49 largest metro areas , according to Labor Department data released Friday .
Its jobless rate rose by only 2.8 percentage points from January 2008 , a month after the recession began , through January 2010 .
Its rate reached 7.7 % that month .
Nationwide , the rate rose by nearly 5 points during those two years , to 9.7 % in January , up from 5 % .
Employers cut 8.4 million jobs , the most in any downturn since the 1930s .
Minneapolis benefited from a medical equipment industry that 's fared better than other manufacturers during the downturn , according to Jeet Dutta , a senior economist at Moody 's Economy.com .
The city 's major employers include Medtronic Inc. and Boston Scientific Corp .
Health care is one of the few sectors of the economy that have added jobs during the downturn .
RELATED : Reports point to continued slow growth OUTLOOK : Tracking the pulse of the economy Oklahoma City 's January unemployment rate of 6.7 % , meanwhile , is the lowest among large metro areas , the Labor Department said .
It 's risen only 2.9 percentage points in the past two years .
About a fifth of the city 's workers are employed by state or local government , said Russell Evans , a regional economist at Oklahoma State University .
That includes the employees of 29 Native American tribal governments in the region , most of which have offices in Oklahoma City , the state 's capital .
Those workers benefited from federal stimulus money that helped plug holes in the state government 's budget and avoid layoffs , he said .
In addition , booming oil and gas prices leading up to the recession and a growing aerospace maintenance industry led to strong income gains for the region 's workers even as the recession took hold in other parts of the country , Evans said .
" Consumers in Oklahoma were a little slower than in the rest of the nation to tighten their wallets , " he said .
Buffalo and nearby Rochester , New York , by contrast , did n't suffer so much in the recession partly because their economies had already been struggling beforehand .
Buffalo's unemployment rate was 9.2 % in January .
That 's high but below the national rate of 9.7 % .
It rose only 2.9 percentage points during the recession .
Buffalo has diversified out of heavy manufacturing industries , like steel , that used to underpin much of its economy and moved into growing areas like health care , economists said .
And last year , in the depths of the downturn , Canadian shoppers flooded into the city as the U.S. dollar weakened against the Canadian dollar .
" That 's been a boon to retailers , " said Marisa DiNatale , a director at Moody 's Economy.com .
Unemployment grew 3 percentage points in Rochester , New York , reaching 8.7 % in January .
The city has also diversified , said Richard Dietz , senior economist at the New York Federal Reserve .
Its largest employer is now the University of Rochester .
The university took over from Eastman Kodak , which is based in the city but has shrunk .
Overall , unemployment rose in nearly all 372 metro areas in January , the Labor Department said Friday , because the weak recovery has n't spurred much hiring .
The figures are n't seasonally adjusted .
And January is traditionally a grim month for employment as retail workers and other seasonal employees lose their jobs .
Among cities of all sizes , the lowest unemployment rates were in Fargo , North Dakota and Bismarck North Dakota .
They reported rates of 4.8 % and 4.9 % , respectively .
Higher prices for agricultural commodities have bolstered the upper Plains states throughout the recession .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Internet standards expert , CEO of web company iFusion Labs , and blogger John Pozadzides knows a thing or two about password security — and he knows exactly how he'd hack the weak passwords you use all over the internet .
Advertisement
Photo remixed from subcircle .
Note :
This is n't intended as a guide to hacking * other people ' s * weak passwords .
Instead , the aim is to help you better understand the security of your own passwords and how to bolster that security .
We originally published this piece back in March , but in light of our recent security breach , it seemed more applicable than ever .
Advertisement
If you invited me to try and crack your password , you know the one that you use over and over for like every web page you visit , how many guesses would it take before I got it ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Let 's see… here is my top 10 list .
I can obtain most of this information much easier than you think , then I might just be able to get into your e-mail , computer , or online banking .
After all , if I get into one I 'll probably get into all of them .
Your partner , child , or pet 's name , possibly followed by a 0 or 1 ( because they 're always making you use a number , are n't they ? )
The last 4 digits of your social security number .
123 or 1234 or 123456 . " password "
Your city , or college , football team name .
Date of birth – yours , your partner 's or your child's .
" god " " letmein " " money " " love "
Statistically speaking that should probably cover about 20 % of you .
But do n't worry .
If I did n't get it yet it will probably only take a few more minutes before I do …
Advertisement
Hackers , and I 'm not talking about the ethical kind , have developed a whole range of tools to get at your personal data .
And the main impediment standing between your information remaining safe , or leaking out , is the password you choose .
( Ironically , the best protection people have is usually the one they take least seriously . )
One of the simplest ways to gain access to your information is through the use of a Brute Force Attack .
This is accomplished when a hacker uses a specially written piece of software to attempt to log into a site using your credentials .
Insecure.org has a list of the Top 10 FREE Password Crackers right here .
Advertisement
So , how would one use this process to actually breach your personal security ?
Simple .
Follow my logic :
You probably use the same password for lots of stuff right ?
Some sites you access such as your Bank or work VPN probably have pretty decent security , so I 'm not going to attack them .
However , other sites like the Hallmark e-mail greeting cards site , an online forum
So , all we have to do now is unleash Brutus wwwhack THC Hydra
Once we 've got several login + password pairings we can then go back and test them on targeted sites .
But wait …
How do I know which bank you use and what your login ID is for the sites you frequent ?
All those cookies are simply stored , unencrypted and nicely named , in your Web browser 's cache .
( Read this post
Advertisement
And how fast could this be done ?
Well , that depends on three main things , the length and complexity of your password , the speed of the hacker 's computer , and the speed of the hacker 's Internet connection .
Assuming the hacker has a reasonably fast connection and PC here is an estimate of the amount of time it would take to generate every possible combination of passwords for a given number of characters .
After generating the list it 's just a matter of time before the computer runs through all the possibilities – or gets shut down trying .
Advertisement
Pay particular attention to the difference between using only lowercase characters and using all possible characters ( uppercase , lowercase , and special characters – like @ # $ %^&* ) .
Adding just one capital letter and one asterisk would change the processing time for an 8 character password from 2.4 days to 2.1 centuries .
Advertisement
Remember , these are just for an average computer , and these assume you are n't using any word in the dictionary .
If Google put their computer to work on it they 'd finish about 1,000 times faster .
Now , I could go on for hours and hours more about all sorts of ways to compromise your security and generally make your life miserable – but 95 % of those methods begin with compromising your weak password .
So , why not just protect yourself from the start and sleep better at night ?
Advertisement
Believe me , I understand the need to choose passwords that are memorable .
But if you 're going to do that how about using something that no one is ever going to guess AND does n't contain any common word or phrase in it .
Here are some password tips :
Randomly substitute numbers for letters that look similar .
The letter ‘ o ' becomes the number ‘ 0′ , or even better an ‘ @ ' or ‘*'. ( i.e. – m0d3ltf0rd … like modelTford ) Randomly throw in capital letters ( i.e. – Mod3lTF0rd )
Think of something you were attached to when you were younger , but DON'T CHOOSE A PERSON'S NAME !
Every name plus every word in the dictionary will fail under a simple brute force attack .
Maybe a place you loved , or a specific car , an attraction from a vacation , or a favorite restaurant ?
You really need to have different username / password combinations for everything .
Remember , the technique is to break into anything you access just to figure out your standard password , then compromise everything else .
This does n't work if you do n't use the same password everywhere .
Since it can be difficult to remember a ton of passwords , I recommend using Roboform direct download link love KeePass others swear by LastPass Mac users can use 1 Password
Once you 've thought of a password , try Microsoft 's password strength tester
Advertisement
By request I also created a short RoboForm Demonstration video .
Hope it helps …
Another thing to keep in mind is that some of the passwords you think matter least actually matter most .
For example , some people think that the password to their e-mail box is n't important because " I do n't get anything sensitive there . "
Well , that e-mail box is probably connected to your online banking account .
If I can compromise it then I can log into the Bank 's Web site and tell it I 've forgotten my password to have it e-mailed to me .
Now , what were you saying about it not being important ?
Advertisement
Often times people also reason that all of their passwords and logins are stored on their computer at home , which is safe behind a router or firewall device .
Of course , they 've never bothered to change the default password on that device , so someone could drive up and park near the house , use a laptop to breach the wireless network and then try passwords from this list until they gain control of your network — after which time they will own you !
Now I realize that every day we encounter people who over - exaggerate points in order to move us to action , but trust me this is not one of those times .
There are 50 other ways you can be compromised and punished for using weak passwords that I have n't even mentioned .
Advertisement
I also realize that most people just do n't care about all this until it 's too late and they 've learned a very hard lesson .
But why do n't you do me , and yourself , a favor and take a little action to strengthen your passwords and let me know that all the time I spent on this article was n't completely in vain .
Please , be safe .
It 's a jungle out there .
EDIT : You might also want to listen to my interview on Connecticut Public Radio about password security .
Advertisement
How I 'd Hack Your Weak Passwords [ One Man's Blog ]
Online courses have been around for nearly two decades , but enrollment has soared in recent years as more universities increase their offerings .
More than 4.6 million college students ( about one in four ) were taking at least one online course in 2008 , a 17 percent increase over 2007 .
Institutions like Rutgers University and the University of California system are looking at expanding online courses as a way to keep down tuition costs or increase revenues .
Recently , Rutgers said it would triple online revenues from $ 20.5 million to $ 60 million in five years .
Who benefits most from online courses — students or colleges ?
Are online classes as educationally effective as in - classroom instruction ?
Should more post - secondary education take place online ?
As Good as Classroom Lessons
Greg von Lehmen is provost and chief academic officer at University of Maryland University College .
UMUC offers more than 100 bachelor ’s and master ’s degree programs and certificates fully online .
The university has approximately 90,000 students worldwide .
Online education that is consistent with best practices is immensely beneficial to students .
First , there are fewer and fewer doubts about whether it can be as effective in achieving learning outcomes as face - to - face instruction .
It ’s a mistake to assume that online education is inexpensive to support .
A growing body of research — which critical metastudies regard as methodologically sound — supports this conclusion .
Second , and as often noted , a primary advantage of online education is that it can be asynchronous , greatly increasing the flexibility and availability of education .
Adults in the workforce who are seeking post - secondary education have benefited the most from online education , but those enrolling in online programs include students of all ages , even from elementary , middle , and high schools .
Read more …
There is no question that , for brick - and - mortar institutions , online education offers a way to scale up operations to meet increased demand at a marginal cost that is lower than that which would be necessary to add physical infrastructure .
Community colleges offer a very good case in point , given their growth .
However , it is a mistake to assume that online education is inexpensive to support .
For institutions like my own that offer online education to students , the infrastructure requirements are still extensive .
Instead of classroom buildings , there is the need for robust IT systems and staff to maintain them , a flexible and reliable learning management system , online student services that cover the range of student needs , online library resources and services , course development — whether conducted internally or externally — and the staff necessary to train and manage faculty while maintaining quality control .
Depending on the scale at which online education is offered , the marginal costs may still be considerable for an institution making the transition from face - to - face to online course offerings .
Certainly , there are problems within the online educational sector , but it is worth noting that these problems are not necessarily unique to that sector .
There are schools that use unscrupulous or illegal student recruitment techniques .
There are schools that have no accreditation at all or hold accreditation that does not allow students to transfer credits easily to other schools or qualify for admission to graduate programs .
If anything , the advent of online education has helped draw attention to the differences between national and regional accreditation , and the problems that national accreditation — which is generally regarded as a weaker standard — can create for students .
There are many challenges , even for institutions that have well - established online programs .
One is the dizzying pace at which technology evolves and the importance of accurately assessing which developments are fads and which are valuable to improving or extending online learning .
Student authentication , for example , is a concern .
Online learning is still relatively new , and there is yet to develop a robust secondary services market to support schools that offer it .
Most companies offering assessment engines or technologies that verify student identity or other services are small , and questions remain about their sustainability .
Ultimately , though , I would say that the overarching challenge for online education is the same as for higher education in general : accountability for outcomes .
Another False Gold Rush
Robert Zemsky is a professor of education and chairman of The Learning Alliance at the University of Pennsylvania .
Once again higher education ’s electronic El Dorado beckons .
The promise of new students and new revenues easily generated through the magic of the Web is once more proving irresistible .
There is almost no evidence of online offerings changing traditional instruction , no cross-over , no cross fertilization .
It ’s as if NYUonline had never dropped more than $ 20 million in its pursuit of an online empire or Columbia had never lost a like amount and for the same reason after launching Fathom.com .
Forgotten as well are the attempts of many of the world ’s top business schools to launch online programs that charged premium prices in exchange for brand - name diplomas .
There are , to be sure , revenues to be garnered and students to enrolled , but the lesson to be learned from past efforts is that success will likely come primarily to non-traditional providers who understand that what the electronic market wants are what I have come to call 2 - C products — two Cs for convenient and credentialed .
Read more …
Most successful online educational offerings are limited and linear as well — not much more attractively packaged ( or even less attractively packaged ) than electronic workbooks .
The brand names that matter in this online market are the University of Phoenix , Strayer , and Capella .
Where traditional institutions have mounted successful online programs they have kept them isolated , walled off - from the institution ’s traditional offerings , often contained within a wholly separate corporate structure and identify .
There is almost no evidence of online offerings affecting , let alone changing how these institutions deliver their traditional products , no cross-over , no cross fertilization .
Often when traditional institutions offer online courses their enrollments come from their traditional students who like the convenience of remaining in their dorm rooms or apartments an extra hour or two in the morning .
Institutions moving more in this direction like Rutgers may discover that which glitters is probably little more than quicksilver .
Better and Cheaper
Anya Kamenetz is the author of the forthcoming “ DIY U : Edupunks , Edupreneurs and the Coming Transformation of Higher Education . ”
Online learning has been growing much faster than traditional enrollment for at least six years , and almost one in four college students now takes at least one class online .
This can be great news for students , but only if institutions take advantage of the latest research in designing online courses , and — a bigger if — if they pass the savings on to students .
Online learning can be less expensive , and tuition should reflect that .
The phrase “ distance learning ” betrays a snobbery that online classes must be a ways away from the real thing .
It does n’t have to be so .
Professor David Wiley at Brigham
Young says classroom teaching is to online teaching as regular polo is to water polo .
You ca n’t run the same plays in the more fluid , immersive environment and expect the same results .
Online classes consisting of prerecorded video lectures and multiple - choice assessments are flat , poor imitations of a teaching model that ’s outdated to begin with .
In the right hands , though , online learning can be even better than the “ real thing . ”
Read more …
The modern era of research - based learning software began with the work of John R. Anderson at Carnegie Mellon , who published “ The Architecture of Cognition ” in 1983 , detailing how learners master a cognitive skill as a system of procedural rules .
Today ’s best - of - breed learning programs draw on cognitive science , developmental psychology and artificial intelligence to teach math , reading , physics , computer science , foreign languages and a host of other subjects faster , more thoroughly , and more engagingly than traditional classroom instruction .
They do this by allowing students to move at their own pace and prompting them to spend more time on task , reflect on what they learn and collaborate .
The Department of Education released a meta-analysis of more than 1,000 studies of online learning last fall , and concluded that in most cases , online learning actually produces significantly better outcomes than classroom - based learning .
Hybrid approaches , which combined some face - to - face time with online practice and assessments , scored better than both all - online and all - classroom approaches .
The Open Learning Initiative at Carnegie Mellon , for example , developed a stats course that was a blend of online practice and in -person instruction .
The course met twice a week for eight weeks , versus four times a week for 15 weeks in a conventional course .
The students learned more and retained the information just as well a semester later , without spending any more time on their homework .
According to estimates by the Open Learning Initiative , putting a foot on the gas like this to a large course taught in several sections could potentially save a university $ 200,000 a year or more .
Which brings me to my final point : online learning can be cheaper , and tuition should reflect that .
It ’s great to see colleges with the best reputations exploring the possibilities of scaling up online teaching , but it ’s not fair if they do n’t pass the savings on to students .
One dean of a graduate program that had implemented an online section over a Facebook - like multimedia platform told me rather defensively , “ If you want a degree from us , you have to pay our tuition . ”
That attitude does n’t serve the public interests of higher education .
Missing the Personal Connection
Mark Bauerlein is a professor of English at Emory University and the author of “ The Dumbest Generation : How the Digital Age Stupefies Young Americans and Jeopardizes Our Future . ”
College finances are a daunting mess , and they do n’t stand to improve any time soon .
Any program that economizes instruction and sustains learning is a no- brainer for cash - strapped deans and presidents — which means that online education will expand swiftly into more post - secondary schools in the U.S. in the coming years .
Writing is still best taught face - to - face between teacher and student .
Will they work ?
More or less , here and there .
It all comes down to effectiveness , and common sense says that information - and policy - heavy disciplines can fruitfully adopt online delivery .
In one area , however , instruction works more effectively the old - fashioned way through face - to - face exchanges between teacher and student : writing .
Writing classes do n’t involve a body of knowledge , and lessons there are n’t easily standardized .
You respond to each class differently , recognizing strengths and weaknesses and blocks and deficiencies in unique combination from student to student .
Read more …
The best occasions happen in the office .
A student brings in a rough draft , hands you a copy , and the session begins .
“ Look at that verb in your opening , ” I say .
“ What do you think ? ” “ Passive ? ” student mumbles .
“ How about an active verb , one that lets us drop that preposition , too ? ” Student ponders , tries out a few , then we settle on a better choice .
I move on .
“ How about that phrase at the end , ‘ gets his message across ’— a little commonplace , no ? ” “ Yeah , ” student agrees .
“ Let ’s find something more precise , more vivid . ”
Three minutes later , student has worked it out .
The session continues for another 20 minutes , tackling diction , transitions , modifiers , etc .
The problem is obvious .
To do the same thing online would take two hours !
Each query , comment , suggestion , and rejoinder would have to go into print and travel from screen to screen .
This amounts to revision by correspondence , a slow and exhausting process .
It works with skilled writers , perhaps , but tentative and inexperienced 18 - year - olds need closer and more expeditious guidance .
Writing is just one part of the curriculum , of course , and it wo n’t much hinder the digitalization of campus space .
Still , we should n’t underestimate its college - wide value .
A month ago , the Association of American Colleges and Universities commissioned a survey asking employers where colleges need to “ increase their focus . ”
What came up in the top spot was not “ media literacy , ” “ collaborative learning , ” “ diversity , ” or other fashionable 21st - century skill or knowledge , but rather the basic ” ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing . ”
Flexibility and Time
Karen Swan is the James Stukel Distinguished Professor of Educational Leadership at the University of Illinois Springfield and an expert on online and blended learning .
Online learning benefits students in a variety of ways .
First , it opens up higher education opportunities to many people who would not otherwise have these opportunities .
Although online learning does provide access to those who live far from university centers , the biggest factor that keeps most people from higher education is time .
A federal study found that students who took all or part of their classes online performed better .
When I started researching online learning we surveyed students about their reasons for taking online classes , thinking the answer would be distance .
It turned out overwhelmingly to be a matter of time .
In today ’s world , working people and people with families especially just do n’t have time for face - to - face classes .
Two recent large scale studies have shown that online learning is more engaging and that students learn more online .
One study , commissioned by the U.S. Department of Education , did a meta - analysis of 51 reports on online instruction comparing student outcomes in online , blended and / or face - to - face environments .
It found that students who took all or part of their classes online performed better , and that the effectiveness of online and blended instruction was broad across variations in students , types of programs and content areas .
Read more …
Another study used new questions about technology in college classes in the National Survey of Student Engagement ( NSSE ) to assess the effects of technology on student engagement .
Answers from 31,000 students at 58 institutions revealed that even after controlling for age , gender , major , type of institution and number of fully online courses taken , technology use was positively related to categories of engagement measured by NSSE benchmarks ( for example , active and collaborative learning and student - faculty interaction ) , deep approaches to learning and self - reported learning outcomes .
Online learning is also cost - and / or resource effective .
Students do n’t have to pay for babysitters , gas , parking , etc. to attend online classes , or expend time to commute to campus .
Done properly , online learning can provide benefits to students in terms of access , satisfaction , educational outcome and cost savings .
I think U.I.S. has clearly benefited from it as well .
More Tech Support
Ronald G. Ehrenberg is the Irving M. Ives Professor of Industrial and Labor Relations and Economics at Cornell University and the director of the Cornell Higher Education Research Institute .
In my view , the important question we should be addressing is how we can improve our nation ’s higher education system to increase the numbers of students who gain access to college and who achieve college degrees .
Clearly the use of technology is part of the solution and online courses are one way to use technology .
Online classes are only one way to use technology to improve higher education .
As we think about expanding online courses we need to be careful to analyze the types of courses that are best delivered in this way and the types of students that benefit the most from these types of classes ( research suggests more mature learners and better prepared students ) .
We also need to be very careful about how we design these courses , the types of support services that are coupled with them ( online tutoring and / or call centers ) , and to note that research also suggests that a combination of online and face - to - face meetings also often increases effectiveness .
Driven… Unstoppable … Successful …
These are just a few of the major personality traits that men wish they could embody in their day - to - day lives .
The biggest obstacle to developing these traits for yourself is the belief that some men are born dominant while others are simply destined to be second best .
The truth ?
Every man can learn to become an alpha male with the right support .
If you ’re looking to lead the pack rather than fall in line and fall behind , here are some excellent tips for bringing out your alpha male .
Understand that an alpha cannot lead the pack ( or themselves ) if they do not practice self - care
Many envision alpha males as having the physique of an adonis .
While this is certainly one avenue you may wish to pursue in your transformational journey , the truth is that your power lies in the alignment of your body , mind , and spirit .
If your physical health is being ignored , you will lack the mental strength and clarity needed to unleash your full potential .
For example , let ’s imagine that you are regularly experiencing symptoms like irritability , fatigue , and other issues with your sex drive and overall health .
Some men may ignore these issues and go about their lives , but an alpha male will seek a solution .
The symptoms listed above , which are commonly experienced by men as they age , could indicate a lack of Human Growth Hormone ( HGH ) .
HGH plays an important role in the body , regulating various processes and ensuring that we are able to maintain muscle growth and repair tissues in vital organs such as the brain .
While our body ’s own production of HGH will decrease over time , some men may be experiencing much lower levels at a younger age , which is often the root cause of the undesirable effects they are experiencing .
The good news is that there are supplements out there that can serve to increase HGH levels .
These HGH supplements ( called HGH releaser pills ) feature a number of beneficial active ingredients like anterior pituitary powder , GABA , L - Arginine to increase energy levels , improve your mood , and aid you in your weight loss efforts .
To help you align your physical health with your goals , conduct some personal research into the best HGH booster products currently available , and find one that can assist you in reclaiming your virility over time .
Eliminate any toxic misconceptions you may have about being an alpha
There are many ideas that men have about what it means to be an alpha .
Some of these will be realistic , while others can be highly damaging .
It is a common misconception that men who are homosexual or bisexual ( or have feminine characteristics ) , vulnerable or sensitive , expressive , or who lack muscles and other popular “ manly ” traits can not be an alpha .
Being a successful man is not something that is determined by looks , brawn , money , or other surface - level factors .
It is vital that you rid yourself of these problematic beliefs before you start seeking to improve your life and yourself .
Holding onto them can prevent you from making real progress in your life .
Lead a life that YOU want
So , if becoming an alpha is n’t something that is accomplished by acquiring wealth , good looks , and muscles , what does it mean to be an alpha male ?
The answer lies in the definition of a beta male .
Put simply , beta males are men who seek constant validation from the world around them .
Rather than having the things listed above as a result of pursuing activities that they love , they work tirelessly to obtain the things that they think will impress those around them .
They have no true passion for the things they do .
While they appear to have it all , they are actually very unhappy with their lives and the effort that they have to put into appearing to be better than other men .
A real alpha leads a life that makes them happy .
Everything they do , they do with purpose and out of love and happiness rather than in an attempt to be validated by others .
Remember , alphas take control of their lives and do what they want .
Meanwhile , betas follow the expectations that others set for them in an attempt to appear to be an alpha .
Do not follow the pack .
Carve your own path !
Becoming an alpha is not something that is unattainable .
However , it is something that will require a lot of hard work and dedication .
If you are ready to become an alpha in your own life , use the tips above to begin making the transition from a man who follows to a man who leads .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
This article was originally published on March 18 .
It was republished on March 23 with edits reflecting the House ’s passage of landmark health care reform legislation .
During the Tea Party protests on Capitol Hill last week , conservative activists warned that if Congress manages to pass health care legislation , their movement would become more formidable than ever .
Mark Meckler , a national coordinator for the Tea Party Patriots — one of the larger and better - organized national groups — predicted that if the bill passes , “ the tea party movement will double in size almost instantaneously . ”
The movement certainly got uglier as the vote came down to the wire on Sunday night .
But it ’s far from clear that Meckler ’s prediction is about to come true .
In fact , far from fueling the tea partiers ’ cause , the sweeping new health care law could suck the air right out of their movement .
Many tea party activists have a lot to gain from reform — because their ranks are dominated by aging baby boomers .
It ’s no coincidence that the movement ’s unofficial leader is the 69 - year - old former congressman Dick Armey : A February CNN poll ( PDF ) found that more than 40 percent of self - identified Tea Partiers were over 50 .
This makes the movement ’s opposition to the health care bill one of its most enduring paradoxes .
Last Tuesday , while Meckler was standing in front of the Cannon House office building forecasting a Tea Party explosion if a law should pass , Dale Chiusano , a resident of Bethesda , Maryland , sporting an “ I choose liberty ” sticker , walked up to me and started complaining that his health insurance company had kicked his 22 - year - old daughter off the family plan during her senior year of college .
Like so many tea partiers I ’ve interviewed over the past year , Chiusano was already the beneficiary of government health care , having spent 30 years working for the federal government .
Now retired , he still gets to keep his federal insurance plan , but he was outraged to discover that he had to “ pay through your nose ” to get his daughter a private plan during the gap between college and her first job .
I pointed out that the health care overhaul would have saved him a lot of money by allowing his daughter to stay on the family plan until she was 26 , a fact he had n’t known .
Not that this information changed his mind — ” you ca n’t have the federal government managing the family life ! ” — but people like Chiusano might feel differently once they see for themselves how the bill affects their pocketbooks .
Meckler claimed that the bill ’s benefits were illusory .
“ Nobody will see any new insurance for four years , but they will see higher taxes , ” he insisted .
That ’s incorrect :
Many of the bill ’s reforms will kick in almost immediately ( PDF ) , including the provision allowing young people to stay on their parents ’ insurance plans until age 26 .
Medicare recipients , who seem disproportionately represented in Tea Party rallies and town - hall meetings , will also see tremendous benefits right away .
The bill will end copays and deductible charges for preventive care , close the “ donut hole ” in Medicare ’s prescription drug benefit ( which forces the elderly to pay high out - of - pocket costs ) , and creates a $ 10 billion temporary fund to help offset the costs of insurance for people who retire before turning 65 .
That last benefit is likely to be a huge boon for Tea Party activists , but they ’ll also benefit from provisions requiring insurance companies to cover everyone regardless of their preexisting conditions .
Aging Tea Partiers are much likelier than young people to need such protection .
Meanwhile , the most controversial part of the plan and the one most loathed by the Tea Partiers — the individual mandate to buy insurance — wo n’t kick in for three or four years , and not until generous subsidies are in place to offset the costs for families with up to $ 88,000 in household income .
As for the new taxes Meckler predicts will enrage the conservative activists overnight ?
Ron Pollack , executive director of Families USA , a nonprofit health care advocacy group , scoffs , “ Nonsense .
The excise tax [ on high - benefit plans ] does n’t go into effect until 2018 ! ”
He says other tax increases have been carefully tailored to affect only the most affluent 2 or 3 percent of all Americans .
While Armey — a former corporate lobbyist — might have to pay more for his coverage , the average Tea Partier will not .
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce has analyzed how the bill will benefit voters by congressional district — and it turns out that some of the nation ’s conservative hotbeds have plenty to look forward to .
Take the state of Georgia , which has launched many a Tea Party luminary .
Even the affluent , white district of Rep. Tom Price — who , as a doctor , has been a key GOP point person in its fight to kill health care reform — will see significant improvements .
According to the committee ’s math , in Price ’s district the reform bill will extend health insurance to 50,500 people , allow more than 50,000 young people to stay on their parents ’ insurance plans , and provide immediate , significant savings to the district ’s 70,000 Medicare beneficiaries .
Given facts like that , it ’s easy to see why Tea Party leaders might be more than a little nervous about the health care bill passing .
Despite their predictions to the contrary , it wo n’t be the end of the world as they know it — just possibly the end of their movement .
SAN JOSE , Calif . - March 8 , 2010 - Cisco will host a live media , blogger and industry analyst webcast Tuesday , March 9 , at 8:00 a.m. ( PST ) to make a significant announcement that will forever change the Internet and its impact on consumers , businesses and governments .
Media , industry analysts and bloggers can register to attend at http://event.ciscowebseminars.com/clients/cisco/nextgenerationinternet.
The same link will provide a replay of the webcast approximately four hours following the live event .
Interested parties can also attend one of three public webcasts on Tuesday , March 9 , by registering here : www.cisco.com/web/go/possible.
WESTLAKE , Ohio -- Steven Cooke concedes his dog probably ran barking at police officers who came into his back yard .
He can't understand why an officer shot the dog dead .
Cooke 's yellow Labrador retriever Callaway was shot once in the head by officer Mark Morales near the back door to Cooke 's house about 4:30 p.m. Saturday .
Cooke said he was away at Mass when his burglar alarm went off .
Officers responded and started to check the back door to see if anyone had broken in .
The dog ran at Morales in a " full aggressive charge , " the officer wrote in a preliminary report , and posed an " imminent threat of physical harm . "
Cooke , a dentist , noted that Morales was not bitten or scratched by the dog .
He said Morales should have either kicked the dog away or used his Taser or pepper spray .
" He could have done any number of things , other than shoot the dog , " Cooke said .
" I do n't think any family should have to endure this . "
Police took Callaway , named after the golf equipment , to the West Park Animal Hospital and notified Cooke and his family .
Cooke said he agreed to euthanize the dog .
News of the shooting made its way through animal rights e-mail lists Sunday and Monday .
Most of those e-mails did not mention the dog charging the officer , only that it barked .
By late Monday , police and Westlake Mayor Dennis Clough received several calls and e-mails angry over the shooting .
" I am mortified , " wrote resident Linda Stacks .
Resident and dog owner Jessica Monnolly called the shooting " shocking " in an e-mail .
" I am rightly concerned about my own dog 's well - being should something like this ( house alarm , etc. ) happen at my home , " she wrote .
" What are the regulations that protect us and our dogs from the same fate ! ? "
The Animal Protective League in Cleveland plans to review the incident , said director Sharon Harvey .
The group needs to know more facts before reaching any conclusions , she said .
Clough cannot remember any previous incidents of officers shooting pets at homes in his more than 20 years as mayor .
He said he would wait for a full report before making further comment .
" We 're sorry about the dog being shot , " he said .
" It 's an unfortunate incident at this point . "
Police spokesman Ray Arcuri said officers do not believe any neighbors were home at the time of the shooting and urged any witnesses to come forward .
He said supervisors will talk with Morales , but the standards for how police respond to the shooting of an animal differ from the shooting of a person .
Morales has been on the force four years and has never fired his gun on duty before .
He will continue working during the investigation , Arcuri said .
Police and Cooke agree on the events that brought police to the house : Cooke said he keeps his two retrievers in his garage while away from the house and that the dogs probably pushed open the garage 's back door , setting off the alarm .
A third dog belonging to his daughter was also there .
Arcuri said the home has had four false alarms since the start of December and had a few earlier last year .
Cooke said the dogs would naturally bark and approach officers and bark or growl since the officers are strangers on the dogs ' territory .
But he insists the dogs do not bite and pose no real threat .
Arcuri said one dog trotted toward Morales barking but Callaway ran past the other at the officer .
Morales backed away and yelled at Callaway to stop , but he did not .
The dog was shot three to four feet from where the officer was standing .
" He did n't have the option to go to things less than lethal , " Arcuri said .
Cooke said Morales could have taken shelter behind yard furniture near the door or gone around a fence .
In the calls and e-mails to the city , others questioned training they said should have had the officer better prepared .
U.S. Postal Service carriers deal with dogs on their routes all the time , but carry only pepper spray , said spokesman Victor Dubina .
But in coming through the same areas regularly , they learn the dogs and behaviors and know which ones to watch out for .
Even so , 18 carriers were bitten last year in the Greater Cleveland area , which includes most of Cuyahoga County .
Another seven were injured evading dogs .
I am pleased to write that the creationist and generally anti-reality Don McLeroy has lost his bid for re-election to the Texas State Board of Education !
Yay !
The man who ousted him is Thomas Ratliff , who is — gasp ! — an actual educator who has vowed to try to remove the politicization of the board and also to actually – gasp again ! — listen to educators when it comes to , y’know , educational topics .
You may remember McLeroy is the goofball who infamously said , " Someone has to stand up to the experts ! "
However , mitigating the good news somewhat are some things to consider :
1 ) McLeroy is still on the BoE for the next seven months before his term runs out .
He can do a vast amount of damage to Texas schoolchildren ’s education in that time .
2 ) Ratliff only won by a very narrow margin , meaning a whole lot of Texas citizens either did n’t know about McLeroy ’s maniacal attempts at derailing the Lone Star State ’s educational system , did n’t care , or actually supported him .
3 ) McLeroy and his crew of revisionist creationists have already done so much damage that it can not be easily repaired .
There is a cycle to the way standards and such are reviewed and updated in Texas , so it could be years before things are straightened out , if at all .
Still , this is good news , and so I wo n’t use the " Texas : Doomed " graphic .
Instead , I ’ll remind you not to rest :
Tip o’ the ten gallon hat to Robert Estes and the many others who emailed me about this .
Originally posted on The Bad Astronomy Blog .
ProFootball Talk on NBC Sports
After both the Cleveland Browns and Dallas Cowboys experienced offensive misfires in their season openers , they 've both piled up point over their last two contests .
The Browns have averaged 34.5 points per game in their victories over the Cincinnati Bengals and the Washington Football Team .
Meanwhile , the Cowboys have averaged 35.5 points in their win [ more ]
As a confirmed Catholic , I feel absolutely no remorse for what I 'm about to say .
Chaput said the school told the parents that one of the children could complete kindergarten and the other could complete preschool , but neither could continue after that .
Archbishop Charles J. Chaput said it was a " painful situation , " but the decision by Sacred Heart of Jesus parish school in Boulder was in line with church teachings .
The archbishop of Denver on Tuesday defended a decision by a Catholic school not to allow two children to continue as students because their parents are a lesbian couple .
The Catholic church is no longer satisfied by just persecuting gay and lesbian couples , but they are going after our children now too .
The Catholic Church 's leadership has strayed from the teachings of Jesus , not gays and lesbians .
If the Church is concerned about a crisis of morality , they need to look no further than policies that condone the blatant persecution of kindergarten and pre-school children .
As someone who spent years deprogramming myself from the bullshit the Catholic church brainwashed me with , such as " people who masturbate will spend eternity in hell , " I should not be surprised when I see evil like this from the Church .
But I am .
I 'm shocked .
I 'm disgusted .
I feel like gagging myself on a crucifix and puking on the Bible !
Children should never , ever , be shunned because adults disagree .
It is cruel .
It is evil .
It is the anti-thesis to the teachings of Jesus .
Jesus was a loving , caring person .
He would have been outside the school with the protesters supporting the children .
He would have marched with us in Washington DC last fall .
He would have died for us ....
Hoptoad has been running on the Engine Yard cloud for more than a week now , with excellent performance .
We ’ve been looking forward to this for quite some time , and want to share a little about our motivations and experiences .
Currently , Hoptoad is a monolithic application , with the notification API , data API , and user - facing website all running in the same Rails application .
This fits well into a server environment with several identical application servers and a shared database server .
( Click for a larger image . )
However , this coupled application design has a few implications :
Traffic in one component , like the exception notifier API , can adversely affect the performance of another component , like the web interface .
You ca n’t tune the resource allocation of one component , like the notifier API endpoint , independently of other components , like the web interface .
Now , the performance characteristics of the application and the error notifier endpoints are drastically different .
The notifier endpoint is a very performance - sensitive high - write component that processes a few thousand requests per minute .
It is responsible for validating the incoming error XML , applying any rate - limiting rules , and determining the correct error group to bucket the error into .
The web interface , on the other hand , is almost entirely database reads .
It also has much lower traffic overall , compared to the notifier endpoint .
However , it is probably the place where you ’ll notice performance dips the most .
Together , these properties make the Hoptoad a ripe target for modularization .
Our goal is to move toward a system where the notification endpoint is separated from the user - facing web UI , so as to isolate them for scaling and performance .
( Click for a larger image . )
Having a flexible architecture will also allow us to move some processing steps into a separate queue , which opens up an interesting possibility for batch processing .
Hoptoad ’s focus is on identifying and reducing duplicate information into unique records .
Currently , Hoptoad will insert your exception into the database , and then determine the group of similar exceptions that it would be assigned to .
When your application issues a high volume of exceptions , this can result in a large number of INSERT and UPDATE statements .
We ’ve had to rate limit these cases , simply because the high INSERT / UPDATE rates would otherwise make the site unusable for other users .
This is still less than ideal though , as high - volume bursts will lose some exception instances due to rate limiting .
( Click for a larger image . )
But !
We can use this to our advantage , and are working on a queue processing system that works on batches of exceptions at once , identifying duplicates in the Redis queue and folding them down before inserting into the database .
This should dramatically ease the INSERT / UPDATE rate for high - volume exception situations , making Hoptoad much better equipped to handle bursts of duplicate exceptions .
For example , if your application ’s database goes down , your application may send thousands of exceptions to Hoptad per minute .
Currently , that would result in a similar rate of database INSERTs and UPDATEs to record and group each exception individually , which is very disk intensive .
If these duplicates queue up over the course of a few seconds , it can precompute duplicate counts and fold hundreds of duplicates down into a handful of INSERT and UPDATE statements .
( Click for a larger image . )
The ability to add utility slices for longer - running reporting and processing tasks also opens up the door for some interesting features that could not currently be computed during the notification request / response lifecycle .
With the clone environment operation available in the Engine Yard cloud dashboard ( video ) , it ’s appealingly straightforward to performance test a new feature by duplicating your production environment , and forking live traffic to the clone in realtime using a tool like em - proxy to see how it performs .
We ’ve hit a few stumbling blocks with this approach , mostly due to having a large - ish database ( several hundred GB ) to clone .
We ’re currently in the process of benchmarking the addition of a Redis - backed worker queue to implement the “ Batch processor workers ” component of the above diagram .
The first time we planned to move over the the cloud , we ran into unplanned performance issues , and had to roll back to our prior hosting .
We learned a few things from this , and our second cutover was smooth as silk .
We load tested the production configuration with synthetic traffic that approximated our live traffic .
The synthetic load testing indicated a large amount of performance headroom .
Later , we load tested against live traffic in realtime , using em - proxy to fork live traffic over to the cloud environment in parallel to the previous environment , discarding the cloud responses .
This tactic revealed a different performance picture , and allowed us to benchmark various hardware configurations and choose one with a great deal more confidence .
However , when we ran these live parallel load tests , we intentionally disabled email delivery so as not to deliver duplicate exception notifications to our customers .
This could have left us blind to the performace of a critical component , and it ’s easy to assume that delivering an email will be a low latency operation .
By default , we were using ssmtp in our new configuration , which only runs in interactive mode .
In that setup , our application would block on every SMTP delivery request , for hundreds of milliseconds ; much too long .
We switched from ssmtp to exim as a queueing MTA in front of SendGrid , to minimize the time to deliver transactional emails .
When the scheduled cutover approached , we made sure to drop our DNS TTL , so that when it came time to repoint our DNS for hoptoadapp.com to the new server , the DNS change would cascade quickly .
Engine Yard went one step further , though , and used iptables to redirect traffic from our old IP to the new IP , so that users would have a seamless experience after we brought up the cloud environment , regardless of whether the new DNS entry had reached them or not .
The first time we switched over , we roughly took the following steps :
Use MySQL replication to keep the new cloud database in sync with the old production database .
Put up a maintenance page on the old web server Allow replication to catch up Redirect traffic ( DNS and iptables )
Receive new traffic on the cloud environment
Once we opened the floodgates of traffic , the database thrashed as its query caches were completely cold .
The caches began to fill up as we handled traffic , but the user experience was very poor , and we watched the response time grow to hundreds of seconds in NewRelic .
The second time we switched , we still kept the cloud database up to date with MySQL replication .
However , we also removed the application ’s write privileges to the cloud database , and ran em - proxy to fork live traffic to the cloud application servers .
This ensured that the read caches were full , all the way up to the point of cutover .
When we completed the replication during downtime , we did not have to restart the database server , leaving the caches fat and happy , ready to serve normal traffic levels .
Hoptoad sends a reasonably large amount of email - tens of thousands of messages per day .
The switch to Engine Yard cloud also afforded us a convenient time to reconsider our email delivery .
We were previously using an internal Engine Yard SMTP server that is not available to cloud customers .
We wanted the switch to be as low - impact as possible , so we went with SMTP provider SendGrid .
We evaluated a variety of other hosted transactional SMTP providers .
We also checked out Postmark which looks very promising .
Postmark provides an HTTP API for mail delivery , and we decided to stick with an SMTP interface to minimize the impact on our codebase .
So that ’s where we ’re at .
We ’re looking forward to improving the architecture as we handle more traffic , being able to add interesting features that take advantage of our new flexibility , and continuing to refine Hoptoad as a useful service .
What have your experiences been with hosting “ in the cloud ? ”
What have you learned ?
What benefits have you gained , or would you like to gain , with flexible hosting ?
FYI : Hoptoad / Airbrake was sold to RackSpace and is now called Airbrake Bug Tracker .
Glenn Beck received a mix of mockery and intrigue last year after crying several times on camera during his Fox News program .
Now , the conservative lightning rod ’s assistants reportedly say he sheds the occasional tear even while rehearsing for the show .
In a Post feature story about the controversial Fox host , Howard Kurtz writes , “ Some staffers say they have watched rehearsals , on internal monitors , in which Beck has teared up or paused at the same moments as he later did during the show . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Observers have speculated that his crying may simply be an act to boost ratings .
But according to the Chris Balfe , president of Beck ’s production company Mercury Radio Arts , the fact that Beck does it both on and off camera is a mark of his sincerity .
“ Glenn reacts the same way to issues whether he knows people are watching or not , and is proud to show his emotions , unlike the cowardly , two - faced critics who hide behind anonymity , ” Balfe told Kurtz .
Beck has wept on his show when discussing his love for America and separately while pining for a “ simpler time . ”
“ Love him or hate him , Beck is a talented , often funny broadcaster , a recovering alcoholic with an unabashedly emotional style , ” wrote Kurtz .
His on - camera crying was met with so much fascination and amusement that somebody created a Facebook fan page called “ Seeing Glenn Beck Cry . ”
Armed with an image of the right - wing host weeping , it currently has 390 members .
ADVERTISEMENT
Comedian and faux conservative Stephen Colbert mocked Beck ’s tear - ups last April by pretending to be choked up about it : “ I ’m sorry .
I just love Glenn Beck ’s sanity — and I fear for it . ”
Kurtz writes about how Beck ’s “ blinding burst of stardom ” since the election of Barack Obama has overshadowed most of Fox News , alleging it ’s a worrying point for some in the organization who believe he ’s becoming the “ face of the network . ”
“ Beck has become a constant topic of conversation among Fox journalists , some of whom say they believe he uses distorted or inflammatory rhetoric that undermines their credibility , ” Kurtz notes .
The United State Government has today announced that it will introduce sanctions against Australia over the latter ’s introduction of internet censorship .
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said the decision to impose sanctions on Australia was a difficult one , however the United States wants to be consistent in its diplomatic relations .
“ The United States stands on the side of freedom , and a free internet is a central belief of the Administration ” Gibbs told the three reporters who cared enough to turn up at the White House press briefing .
“ We may have had strong ties in the past with Austria , but it is clear now that as well as shifting its focus to China , the Rudd Government is also following their lead on online freedom . ”
“ Some one must think of the children , and the United States Government believes strongly that a free society is always best for children . ”
Gibbs said that the Australia - United States Free Trade Agreement was hereby suspended , the E3 Visa scheme would be phased out by June 30 , and Australian citizens would have to apply for Visa ’s to enter the United States from July 1 .
“ It is only fair that we punish the citizens of Australia as we do the citizens of Iran and China for the actions of their Government if they seek to enter a free society such as ours ” Gibbs noted .
Australian Government representatives were unavailable for comment as they ’d been unable to view the news online due to filtering already installed across the Australian Government ’s computer network .
Note to Australian readers , this site runs on US Pacific time 🙂
Tanzania and Zambia proposed sale of more than 100 tonnes of ivory from natural deaths or controlled culling at UN meeting
Conservationists scored a rare victory at a UN wildlife summit yesterday when contentious proposals by Tanzania and Zambia to weaken the 21 - year - old ban on ivory sales were defeated due to concerns it would further contribute to poaching .
The heated debate over the proposed sale of the two countries ' ivory stocks divided Africa , as it has in years past , at the 175 - nation Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( Cites ) .
Nearly two dozen central and east African countries came out against the proposals on the grounds that they would hurt already declining African elephant populations .
Southern African countries , in contrast , argued the two nations should be rewarded for the conservation efforts undertaken and should have the right to manage their herds as they see fit .
" People born in 100 years , they should be able to see an elephant , " said Kenya 's ministry of forestry and wildlife Noah Wekesa , whose country opposed the sales and had called at one point for a 20 - year moratorium on such auctions .
" We have a duty to make sure we increase the numbers of elephants . "
The ivory stocks the two nations wanted to sell come from natural deaths or controlled culling of problem animals .
Key to the defeat of the two proposals were concerns among many delegates and environmentalist that the sales would further exacerbate a poaching problem that some say is at its highest levels since the 1989 ivory ban .
Environmentalists welcomed the decision , which came on the same day that countries agreed on a conservation plan for African and Asian rhinos .
Delegates agreed to step up enforcement against rhino poaching , which is at a 15 - year high , and work to slow the demand in Asia mostly from traditional medicine markets .
Until the rhino and elephant votes , environmentalists had achieved little at Cites .
A proposal to ban the export of Atlantic bluefin tuna was defeated along with a plan to regulate the coral trade and protect sharks .
" After the way the week went for marine species , today 's decisions were much more positive , particularly the decision on rhinos , which was really a boost for conservation and morale , " said Carlos Drew , head of the WWF delegation .
Tanzania was asking to sell almost 90,000kg of ivory that would have generated as much as $ 20 m .
It noted in its proposal that its elephant population has risen from about 55,000 in 1989 to almost 137,000 , according to a 2007 study .
Zambia wanted to sell 21,700kg of ivory worth between $ 4 m
and $ 8 m .
It withdrew a request for the ivory sale and offered a compromise to allow a regulated trade in elephant parts excluding ivory – a first step toward future tusk sales .
The two countries argued that their elephant populations had reached the point where they were trampling crops and killing too many people .
They also said preventing them from selling the stocks would increase anger toward the beasts , which are seen increasingly as pests by affected communities .
Zambia 's minister of tourism , environment and natural resources Catherine Namugala accused activists and other delegates of misrepresenting the poaching situation in her country and spreading rumours that it would spend the money raised from sales on election campaigns .
She also complained that her country was struggling to protect elephants even as it fails to provide its citizens with basic needs and should be able to sell its ivory just as its neighbours " were selling their gold and oil . "
" We can't justify failure to take a child to school because we are using resources to conserve elephants , " Namugala said .
" I appeal to allow Zambia to utilize the natural resources given to us by God . "
Opponents of the proposals said there was evidence to back claims that such sales worsen poaching .
For example , the poaching of elephants has risen sevenfold in Kenya since a one - time ivory sale was approved in 2007 by Cites for four African countries , Kenyan wildlife officials have said .
Last year 271 Kenyan elephants were killed by poachers , compared with 37 in 2007 .
Traffic , the wildlife trade monitoring group , tracks ivory seizures and found that poaching and smuggling to markets mostly in Asia has risen steadily since 2004 .
They blame weak law enforcement in Africa and growing demand for ivory products like chopsticks and ivory jewellery mostly in China , Thailand and other Asian countries .
The price of ivory on the black market has risen from about $ 200 a kilogram in 2004 to as much as $ 1,500 now .
African elephants have seen their numbers drop in the past 40 years by more than half to 600,000 mostly due to poaching .
The global ban briefly halted their slide .
But conservationists said that poaching , especially in central Africa , now leads to the loss of as many as 60,000 elephants each year .
Without intervention , the elephants could be nearly extinct by 2020 .
Samuel K Wasser , director of the Centre for Conservation Biology at the University of Washington , said there was a clear link between one - off sales and the rise in poaching .
He said the sales revive dormant markets by sending consumers the message that it is acceptable in general to once again buy ivory and make it difficult to differentiate between legal and illegal products .
Associated Press
Primary schoolchildren in tears after they are told they will be removed from families as part of Holocaust ' game '
A group of stunned primary schoolchildren began crying when their teacher told them during a bizarre Holocaust game that they were to be taken away from their families .
The pupils , aged 11 , became upset after a number of them were segregated and told they were being sent away or might end up in an orphanage .
The ordeal was meant to give the youngsters at the Lanarkshire school an insight into the horrors faced by Jewish children during World War II .
The exercise was intended to give the pupils at St Hilary 's Primary School an insight into the horrors faced by Jewish children during World War II
But the exercise , which was sprung without warning on the children at St Hilary 's Primary School in East Kilbride last Thursday morning , reduced several to tears .
Deputy head teacher Elizabeth McGlynn segregated nine pupils and told them they were to be sent away .
After 15 minutes they were told it was all an act but that the role play would carry on up to lunchtime .
One angry parent , who has lodged an official complaint about the exercise , told how the ' barbaric ' role play upset the children .
In a letter sent to council bosses , the unnamed mother said : ' Mrs McGlynn told the children they would probably have to be sent away from their families and that their parents had been informed about this and knew all about it .
' When one child asked if that meant they might have to go to an orphanage , they were told that might be a possibility .
' At that point many of the children became very distressed .
' One boy kicked his chair over , one was angry and demanded to speak to someone in charge but most were crying on a scale ranging from mildly to severely .
' Their ordeal lasted between 12 and 15 minutes before the children were informed that it was all an act but that the role play would continue until lunchtime . '
One girl said her classmates began crying when Mrs McGlynn told them she had a letter from the Scottish Executive saying nine children had to be separated from their classmates .
She told the shocked youngsters those who were born in January , February and March had lower IQs than other children , ' due to lack of sunlight in their mother 's womb ' , and that they had to put yellow hats on and be sent to the library .
The mother added : ' When I asked why on earth they thought it was appropriate to deliver a role play situation to the children in this way , Mrs Stewart informed me that they did n't inform the children beforehand .
' This was because they wanted the children to experience an " accurate emotional response " to this scenario in order for it to be reflected in their story writing .
' Mrs Stewart then invited me to come up to the school and see the excellent work that had been produced as a result of the exercise .
' I declined and my position and opinion on the method used to extract emotive story writing from the children was cruel , barbaric , traumatic and totally , totally unethical .
' My daughter and indeed no child needs to feel the terror , fear , panic , segregation and horror that a child of the Holocaust experienced during one of the worst atrocities in history to be able to empathise with them in order to produce good story writing . '
A South Lanarkshire council spokeswoman , who confirmed that a role play activity took place , said : ' The council can confirm that a parent handed in a letter to Education Resources on Monday , March 8 , 2010 , and this will be responded to shortly . '
An estimated six million Jews died in the Holocaust .
Jewish children in Nazi Europe had to wear yellow Star of David badges during World War II .
Jews also had to live apart from the rest of the population in ghettos .
Finally they were taken to concentration camps , where most were separated from their parents then killed .
I look forward to the day when news organizations start to ban anonymous comments on their Web sites .
Maybe that 's the foolish optimist in me , but I want to believe that we will finally admit -- to ourselves and to the public at large -- that allowing people to hide behind anonymity has not been good for our industry , our culture or our country .
This past week , Plain Dealer Editor Susan Goldberg decided to reveal the e-mail address behind dozens of anonymous comments posted on Cleveland.com under the alias lawmiss .
This same person , who has weighed in on criminal cases in the past , posted a comment assailing the mental state of a reporter 's relative , which violated our policy against personal attacks .
Related
Previous stories :
Cuyahoga County judge orders arrest of Plain Dealer reporter , wants to know source of story on murder suspect Anthony Sowell
Plain Dealer photographers are denied permission to work at reporter 's hearing on source for Sowell documents
County judge reveals himself as source of leaked Sowell psychiatric evaluation
Video : Judge Shirley Strickland Saffold drops request for source 's identity
Judge Timothy McGinty admits sharing Sowell report ; defense unsure of next move
Judge Saffold 's attempt to jail PD reporter was a judicial assault : Phillip Morris
Follow the Sowell case on Cleveland.com
An online editor used Web software to look up lawmiss ' e-mail address , and discovered it was the same as the personal AOL account of Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Judge Shirley Strickland Saffold .
The judge has been the focus of considerable scrutiny in our newspaper .
Earlier this month , she threatened to throw another Plain Dealer reporter in jail for refusing to divulge a source .
Saffold denied posting any comments .
Her 23 - year - old daughter said she posted a few comments using her mother 's e-mail .
Saffold 's daughter attended the same high school as my daughter ; I was her softball coach in the late 1990s .
My heart sank at this news .
We do n't know if she 's the real culprit behind the comments , which included references to two death - penalty cases in Saffold 's courtroom .
We do know her mother was willing to let her take the blame .
" Never , " the judge told Plain Dealer reporter James McCarty , " I have not .
My daughter may have , but I have not . "
While these circumstances throw us into choppy waters of our own making , I support Goldberg 's decision to disclose the judge 's potential tie to the comments .
" What if it ever came to light that someone using the e-mail of a sitting judge made comments on a public Web site about cases she was hearing and we did not disclose it ? "
Goldberg told Plain Dealer reporter Henry Gomez .
" These are capital crimes and life - and - death issues for these defendants .
I think not to disclose this would be a violation of our mission and damaging to our credibility as a news organization . "
Most news organizations allow anonymous comments on their Web sites .
Many , if not most , journalists oppose the practice .
Some of us deplore the hypocrisy of requiring that letters to the editor have verifiable identities , addresses and phone numbers , while allowing anyone with a keyboard and an e-mail address to post the kind of stuff they 'd never say if they had to provide their names .
It makes for many an ugly day , discouraging thoughtful discussions and repelling readers who do n't have the stomach for the daily dose of vitriol .
The Plain Dealer 's John Kroll leads the heroic effort to keep the site civil , but it 's an ongoing challenge .
Some argue that allowing anonymity is a way of outing the bigots among us .
But reading multiple posts , often by the same person using a variety of identities , amplifies voices and exaggerates numbers .
The haters are small in number , but they are tenacious , and the resulting echo chamber fuels a growing climate of fear and rage born of false impressions .
I 've made no secret of my disdain for this kind of forum .
There are columns I no longer write because I wo n't subject vulnerable people who 've never before been interviewed to the online attacks of anonymous trolls .
I learned that the hard way after the daughter of an out - of - work factory worker who killed himself called me sobbing because of anonymous comments attacking her father 's faith , courage and integrity .
" You never told me people would say those things about my father , " she cried .
" My mother says she 'll never talk to me again . "
In the last year , I 've experimented with an alternative online discussion board on Facebook .
I post links to my columns and other stories , offer opinions or ask questions , and spirited discussions unfold .
Everyone has an identity , which is easy to confirm using online sources .
Most post photos of themselves , and pictures of their friends and families .
I know only about 20 percent of my Facebook " friends , " who represent a wide range of political views , economic backgrounds and professions , but over time we have built a virtual community .
A not - so - amazing thing happens when people feel safe :
They start to speak their minds .
Dozens , mostly women , tell me they have never before expressed their opinions so publicly .
I 'm not saying we 've figured out the model for newspapers .
Facebook is a small , easily managed group compared to the public at large .
But I do think we 're on to something .
And I know that this " something " starts with a name .
Now that Scott Pilgrim has released its awesome trailer the internet is full of epic frame - to - comic - panel comparisons .
This video breakdown is by far the best we 've seen .
Check out the breakdown of each evil ex-boyfriend .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Thanks to GamerVision for putting together such a great summary .
* Bacardi sale in US of Havana Club rum is allowed
* No trademark violation found
* Pernod likely to appeal ( Adds comment from Bacardi )
NEW YORK , April 6 ( Reuters ) - A U.S. judge rejected a lawsuit by Pernod Ricard SA PERP .
PA to stop rival Bacardi Ltd from selling " Havana Club " branded rum in the United States .
Pernod is likely to appeal the ruling , the latest legal twist in a decades - long trademark dispute .
Both companies sell rum under the Havana Club name , Pernod outside the United States and Bacardi within it .
Tuesday ’s ruling by U.S. District Judge Sue Robinson in Wilmington , Delaware , was the latest in more than 13 years of U.S. litigation between the companies over which company controls the trademarked name .
In its 2006 lawsuit filed federal court in Wilmington , Delaware , Pernod Ricard USA LLC claimed Bacardi USA Inc had no right to use the Havana Club trademark where it had begun in Florida selling rum under that name .
Pernod , which sold 3.4 million cases of Havana Club during its last fiscal year , also accused Bacardi of false advertising by misleading consumers into believing that its rum is made in Cuba , as Pernod ’s is , when in fact it is made in Puerto Rico .
But Robinson concluded that Bacardi ’s rum has a Cuban heritage , having derived from a family recipe first used in that country around 1930 , roughly three decades before Fidel Castro took power .
In her 22 - page ruling , Robinson also found that because Bacardi ’s labels “ truthfully ( and prominently ) ” show that its rum is “ distilled and crafted in Puerto Rico , ” its labeling is neither false nor misleading .
Pernod showed “ no evidence that today ’s Havana Club rum product differs from the original pre-revolutionary Cuban rum in any significant respect , ” Robinson wrote .
“ As the expression goes , ‘ if it looks like a duck , swims like a duck and quacks like a duck , then it probably is a duck . ”
Vincent Palladino , a partner at Ropes & Gray LLP in New York representing Pernod , said : “ We are very disappointed in the ruling .
We believe the judge committed fundamental errors on the law , and in all likelihood we will be appealing . ”
A Bacardi spokeswoman in an emailed statement said the company applauds the decision .
“ This is yet another Court decision supporting Bacardi ’s legitimate and rightful ownership of the Havana Club rum trademark and brand , ” she wrote .
According to the ruling , Havana Club rum was developed by the Arechabala family in Cuba , where the family ’s assets were seized by Castro ’s government in 1960 .
By the mid-1990s , a Cuban company had partnered with Pernod to export Cuban - made run under the Havana Club brand , except to the United States because of a U.S. trade embargo .
Bacardi , meanwhile , has said it bought the rights to the Havana Club trademark and remaining rum assets still owned by the Arechabala family in 1997 .
The only Havana Club - branded rum sold in the United States is Bacardi’s , Robinson said .
Pernod Ricard USA is based in Purchase , New York , and Bacardi USA in Miami .
The case is Pernod Ricard USA LLC v. Bacardi USA Inc , U.S. District Court , District of Delaware , No. 06-505 .
( Reporting by Jonathan Stempel , editing by Leslie Gevirtz , Gary Hill )
Chicago 's New Distributed Solar Energy Pilot Project
March 3rd , 2010 by Zachary Shahan
[ social_buttons ]
Creating a revolution in the way energy is produced and shared , distributed solar energy is one of the top clean energy topics of the day .
Chicago utility company ComEd ( an arm of the energy giant Exelon Corporation ) has a new pilot project in this field that will outfit 100 Chicago - area homes with solar photovoltaic panels and “ at least 50 of those with ‘ smart ’ meters , net metering , battery backup and a grid - tied status that enables them to send unused electricity from their solar energy systems back to the grid . ”
ComEd Environmental and Marketing Vice President Val Jensen says that the aim is to turn each of these homes into a “ mini-utility ” .
But the project goes far beyond that .
The selected homes will be part of a pilot program to make people into better energy consumers , teaching them how to plan electrical usage to avoid “ peak ” loading ( i.e. using electricity when nearly everyone else is in the mornings and evenings ) .
Doing this can help individuals to reduce their energy bills and can also help to reduce the need for expensive utility upgrades for transmission and distribution .
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) of 2009 is providing most of the funding for this project ( $ 5 million ) , while ComEd and its technology vendors are providing an additional $ 3 million .
The smart grid is supposed to be extended to 131,000 homes eventually , with 8,000 being used to evaluate “ advanced metering capabilities ” .
Advanced metering capabilities include “ two - way smart metering that tests consumers ’ ability to use the technology to change energy use behaviors . ”
This pilot program is said to be the largest in the country “ to focus on retraining electrical consumers to change their habits to reduce stress on America ’s aging electricity transmission and distribution infrastructure ” and will last for 12 months .
Participants will be given a range of different gadgets to help them out with all of this :
“ The smart - use rollout will include about 3,100 customers using a basic energy - use display meter ; 1,500 ratepayers getting a larger , touch - screen device that allows electricity monitoring and Internet access ; and 400 ComEd users getting programmable thermostats that allow programming and remote control of heating and air - conditioning units . ”
The program is also “ the first in the world ” to offer a tiered pricing approach to its pilot participants , “ offering one of six electric rates ; the current flat rate ; rising rates based on more - than - average consumption ; hourly rates based on day - ahead wholesale rates ; rates sharply rising based on peak demand ; a rebate for those who reduce use during peak demand ; and a time - of - use rating based on peak loading and non-peak periods , like midnight to 7 a.m . ”
Looks like an exciting pilot program in Chicago .
Something to keep an eye on .
Image Credit 1 : Stuck in Customs via flickr under a CC license
Image Credit 2 : Creativity +
Timothy K Hamilton via flickr under a CC license
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
This is probably a tremendous , landmark sort of deal .
But , at 22 , it means a lot more to people just five years older than me than it ever would to me .
By the time Id become culturally aware , Russia was no longer the big , bad commie power of the East .
Tensions had cooled -- at least relatively .
I never had to go to a school assembly to learn how to duck under a desk .
If I heard a siren , there was a fire , and I was getting the hell out of the building in a single file line .
That was the only possible thing a siren could mean .
Plus , Russians werent the bad guys just for being Russian anymore .
We didnt see a bunch of college kids sneak by a group of svelte , lumberjack - shaped criminals in a hockey game at Lake Placid .
( That , at least , is how the 1980 Russian Olympic hockey team is depicted in all of the ESPN Classic documentaries -- probable murderers , released from prison for the purpose of bringing more evil into the world . )
Anyone from my generation thinks the NHL is a tax form they havent yet filled out .
As far as we know , Russians dont play professional sports in America .
My only brush with a native Russian was Zangief from Street Fighter .
This was somehow okay in my head -- for some reason , he seemed like a realistic - enough portrait of the average Russian man .
This insistence later led me to the sobering realization that Brazilians arent actually large green people with red hair and really fast hands .
In high school , a French teacher went away to St. Petersburg every couple of years .
She went once in the late - '90s and again midway through this last decade .
She was stunned at how quickly a place could deteriorate , addled by crime and corruption .
I refused to process this information .
So . Cold War Kids .
Is that not an ironic name to everyone ?
Todays Soundtrack : Cold War Kids - Hang Me Up to Dry
The Federal Communications Commission ’s broadband strategy comes not a moment too soon .
High - speed Internet is on its way to replacing the telephone as the nation ’s primary means of communication .
But the United States is woefully behind in building the physical systems to support this transformation .
That will require federal money , incentives to private businesses , and updates in the regulatory system .
Fewer than 27 out of every 100 Americans have broadband service , compared with 33 in South Korea and 38 in the Netherlands .
The average advertised download speed is 8 megabits per second ; in France , it is 51 .
And according to a study by the F.C.C. , the average download in the United States occurs at about half the advertised speed .
Meanwhile , the poor , the elderly and other vulnerable groups remain cut off from broadband technology , and therefore from such things as online government services , medical advice and jobs .
The F.C.C. ’s blueprint offers a feasible path to address these lacunae , unleash investment in the broadband network and foster competition among service providers .
The core goal is to bring broadband to 100 million homes at download speeds of at least 100 megabits per second by 2020 , and to vastly expand broadband over the airwaves .
Former US president George W. Bush told a group of his White House aides at a breakfast Friday that he is “ trying to regain a sense of anonymity , ” an event attendee confirmed to AFP .
Bush also told the group that he was pleased former vice president Dick Cheney had taken a lead role in defending their national security policies , declaring : “ I ’m glad Cheney is out there . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The former president , who also touted his administration ’s domestic agenda , said he was resolved to keep a low profile and indicated he did not want to be a thorn in the side of President Barack Obama .
“ I have no desire to see myself on television .
I do n’t want to be on a panel of formers instructing the currents on what to do .
I ’m trying to regain a sense of anonymity , ” Bush said .
“ I did n’t like it when a certain former president — and it was n’t 41 or 42 — made my life miserable , ” he said in a reference to Jimmy Carter , who infuriated the Bush White House in 2007 when he accused the administration of allowing the use of torture on terror suspects .
The online political publication Politico first reported the remarks at the breakfast , which was closed to the media .
Rockefeller pushes to rein in EPA
By Juliet Eilperin
Sen. John D. Rockefeller ( D - WVa . ) will introduce legislation Thursday to impose a two - year moratorium on the Environmental Protection Agency 's ability to regulate greenhouse gases from power plants and other stationary emitters , a move that could undermine the Obama administration 's plan to pursue a cap on carbon emissions in the face of congressional opposition .
Rockefeller 's bill , one of several recent congressional efforts to curb the EPA 's authority to address climate change under the Clean Air Act , highlights the resistance the administration will face if it attempts to limit carbon dioxide through regulation .
Obama and his top deputies have repeatedly said they would prefer for Congress to set mandatory , nationwide limits on greenhouse gas emissions , but the EPA is moving ahead with plans to do so if legislation fails to pass this year .
" Today , we took important action to safeguard jobs , the coal industry , and the entire economy as we move toward clean coal technology , " Rockefeller said .
" This legislation will issue a two - year suspension on EPA regulation of greenhouse gases from stationary sources -- giving Congress the time it needs to address an issue as complicated and expansive as our energy future .
Congress , not the EPA , must be the ideal decision - maker on such a challenging issue . "
Republicans , too , have repeatedly tried to rein in the EPA 's climate authority -- Sen. Lisa Murkowski ( R - Alaska ) has introduced a resolution of disapproval that would overturn the agency 's scientific finding that greenhouse gases endanger public health and welfare , and House Republicans introduced their own version of the resolution this week .
But Rockefeller 's effort is especially significant because it points to growing unease among Democrats over the prospect of the administration tackling climate change without explicit congressional approval .
Three Senate Democrats -- Blanche Lincoln ( Ark. ) , Mary Landrieu ( La. ) and Ben Nelson ( Neb. ) -- are co-sponsoring Murkowksi's resolution .
House Agriculture Committee Chairman Collin C. Peterson ( D - Minn. ) and Armed Services Chairman Ike Skelton ( D - Mo. ) have introduced a similar measure , and House Natural Resources Committee Chairman Nick J. Rahall ( D - WVa ) , along with Democratic Reps .
Alan Mollohan ( WVa ) and Rick Boucher ( D - Va. ) , will introduce a companion bill to Rockefeller's .
In addition , Rep. Earl Pomeroy ( D - N.D. ) has introduced a measure that would strip the EPA of its authority to regulate pollution linked to global warming .
A 2007 Supreme Court ruling gave the EPA the authority to regulate greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act , and by the end of this month the agency is slated to impose the first - ever greenhouse gas limits on emissions from cars and light - trucks .
While that set of rules -- the product of a deal between the auto industry , the federal government and more than a dozen states -- is not controversial , EPA 's plan to then target power plants and other industrial facilities has sparked serious opposition .
Environmentalists have opposed any attempts to undermine the EPA 's Clean Air Act authority , seeing it as both a dangerous precedent and a serious blow to the administration 's ability to cope with climate change if Congress fails to pass a bill .
While the House passed climate legislation in June , the Senate is still divided on whether to adopt a bill setting limits on greenhouse gases .
Tim Wirth , president of the U.N. Foundation , said the House - passed bill already provided several concessions to the coal industry , and urged President Obama to stop Rockefeller 's legislation .
" The president ought to veto it , period , " Wirth said .
" This is a huge affront to his authority , and it 's exactly what the coal industry wants .
The coal industry has everything it wants in legislation , and now it wants more . "
Two weeks ago a group of coal - state Democrats -- led by Rockefeller - - wrote EPA administrator Lisa P. Jackson , asking her to outline her timeline for regulating greenhouse gas emitters under the Clean Air Act .
Jackson replied that she would not target major emitters of carbon dioxide until 2011 , and many smaller facilities would not face regulation until 2016 .
But this move did not satisfy Rockefeller , who usually serves as one of the administration 's close allies .
" This is a positive change and good progress , but I am concerned it may not be enough time , " he said .
" We must set this delay in stone and give Congress enough time to consider a comprehensive energy bill to develop the clean coal technologies we need .
At a time when so many people are hurting , we need to put decisions about clean coal and our energy future into the hands of the people and their elected representatives , not a federal environmental agency . "
Posted by : snorbertzangox | March 8 , 2010 5:13 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : liveride | March 7 , 2010 11:05 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Eugene23 | March 6 , 2010 1:17 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : JBaustian | March 5 , 2010 12:33 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : commonsense70 | March 4 , 2010 11:39 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : marinervn6971 | March 4 , 2010 10:55 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : liveride | March 4 , 2010 10:34 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : entomon | March 4 , 2010 10:19 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : djmcfly | March 4 , 2010 10:03 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : CurtJ | March 4 , 2010 9:55 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : crash52 | March 4 , 2010 9:21 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : ssmorehouse | March 4 , 2010 9:08 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : steveboyington | March 4 , 2010 8:46 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : SoldiersDad | March 4 , 2010 7:17 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : exerda | March 4 , 2010 6:11 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : GregBoo | March 4 , 2010 5:52 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Muddy_Buddy_2000 | March 4 , 2010 5:51 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : GregBoo | March 4 , 2010 5:48 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : A1965 bigdog | March 4 , 2010 5:43 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : A1965 bigdog | March 4 , 2010 5:39 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : yourmomscalling | March 4 , 2010 5:29 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : jcluma | March 4 , 2010 5:19 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : snorbertzangox | March 4 , 2010 4:53 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : kerrd | March 4 , 2010 4:47 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : BringYourOwnBags | March 4 , 2010 4:46 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : j2hess | March 4 , 2010 4:32 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Rmunoz1 | March 4 , 2010 4:23 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : askgees | March 4 , 2010 4:21 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : askgees | March 4 , 2010 4:18 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : askgees | March 4 , 2010 4:11 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Pearl77 | March 4 , 2010 4:00 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : silencedogoodreturns | March 4 , 2010 3:54 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : bigbrother1 | March 4 , 2010 3:26 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : paul5301 | March 4 , 2010 3:06 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : lagnafrah | March 4 , 2010 2:55 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : snorbertzangox | March 4 , 2010 2:55 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : B2O2 | March 4 , 2010 2:48 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : B2O2 | March 4 , 2010 2:43 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : hit4cycle | March 4 , 2010 2:43 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : returntocommonsense38 | March 4 , 2010 2:35 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : 12thgenamerican | March 4 , 2010 2:34 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Denswei | March 4 , 2010 2:34 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : theobserver4 | March 4 , 2010 2:33 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : bikes - everywhere | March 4 , 2010 2:26 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : GarrisonLiberty | March 4 , 2010 2:18 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Woodstocknative | March 4 , 2010 2:13 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : ksilton | March 4 , 2010 2:05 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : trenda | March 4 , 2010 1:54 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : vmax02rider | March 4 , 2010 1:33 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : ghokee | March 4 , 2010 1:31 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : CALDEM | March 4 , 2010 1:29 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : rpetitti | March 4 , 2010 1:19 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : uh_huhh | March 4 , 2010 12:57 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : exerda | March 4 , 2010 12:49 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Rich393 | March 4 , 2010 12:48 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : helloisanyoneoutthere | March 4 , 2010 12:42 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : tarryh | March 4 , 2010 12:33 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : wmcrae4 | March 4 , 2010 12:24 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : SeanA1 | March 4 , 2010 12:10 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Conservator | March 4 , 2010 12:09 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : flaxseedsrgood | March 4 , 2010 12:00 PM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : waters1 | March 4 , 2010 11:37 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : exerda | March 4 , 2010 11:32 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : jckdoors | March 4 , 2010 11:31 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : SeanA1 | March 4 , 2010 11:28 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : greeenmtns | March 4 , 2010 11:25 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : exerda | March 4 , 2010 11:23 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Ari_MR | March 4 , 2010 11:21 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : RobertAJonesJr | March 4 , 2010 11:18 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : hartwr1 | March 4 , 2010 11:14 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : exerda | March 4 , 2010 11:05 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Conservator | March 4 , 2010 11:02 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : jmounday | March 4 , 2010 10:58 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : roboturkey | March 4 , 2010 10:49 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : anarcho - liberal - tarian | March 4 , 2010 10:48 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : jef2 | March 4 , 2010 10:47 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : bruce18 | March 4 , 2010 10:46 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : jimblair1 | March 4 , 2010 10:44 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : virgin12 | March 4 , 2010 10:31 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Logic3 | March 4 , 2010 10:29 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : rg_okc | March 4 , 2010 10:27 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : missbarnette | March 4 , 2010 10:27 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : missbarnette | March 4 , 2010 10:26 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : janowicki | March 4 , 2010 10:26 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : gormbroc | March 4 , 2010 10:23 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : FLvet | March 4 , 2010 10:21 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : moebius 22 | March 4 , 2010 10:21 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : org2 | March 4 , 2010 10:20 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : NatinFallsChurch | March 4 , 2010 10:19 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : thecomedian | March 4 , 2010 10:16 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Whazzis | March 4 , 2010 10:14 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : randers001104 | March 4 , 2010 10:13 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Byrd3 | March 4 , 2010 10:12 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Watermann | March 4 , 2010 10:08 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : BigTrees | March 4 , 2010 10:07 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : AlanBrowne | March 4 , 2010 10:06 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : citizen4truth1 | March 4 , 2010 10:06 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : drdavisdr | March 4 , 2010 9:59 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : Muckrakers | March 4 , 2010 9:51 AM
Report Offensive Comment
Posted by : anarcho - liberal - tarian | March 4 , 2010 9:44 AM
Report Offensive Comment
The White House wants to require firms that do business with the government to pay decent wages .
That could work — if we go after all pay that ’s indecent .
By Sam Pizzigati
Labels can often cloud reality .
Take the labels of “ private ” and “ public ” sector .
We employ these labels all the time , to divide our economy into totally separate compartments , as if the “ private ” and “ public ” sectors represented two entirely different economic universes .
In reality , private and public sectors overlap and interlace , profoundly and incessantly .
How connected have the two sectors become ?
A quarter of Americans work for firms that have contracts with the federal government .
Huge numbers of other Americans work for companies with contracts from state and local governments .
Still more private enterprises regularly pocket public tax dollars , by the billions , for economic development grants and subsidies .
Without all these tax dollars , the U.S. economy would grind to a halt .
And that reality , savvy policy makers have always understood , creates some interesting opportunities .
By leveraging the power of the public purse — by denying , for instance , tax dollars to companies that behave poorly — governments can encourage business behavior that helps us build a better society .
Back in the 1960s , during the civil rights movement , activists acted on that reality .
They pressed President John Kennedy to require federal contractors to put in place nondiscriminatory employment practices , and he did .
In the mid 1990s , in Baltimore , economic justice activists set off on a similar course .
Tax dollars , they argued , should not go to companies that pay poverty wages .
The city eventually agreed .
In quick order , activists in localities across the United States had won what became known as “ living wage ” ordinances .
To win a local government contract , these living wage ordinances stipulated , businesses had to pay wages high enough to keep their workers out of poverty .
With Barack Obama ’s election , a “ living wage ” approach to procurement at the federal level has suddenly became politically possible .
The Obama White House , news reports are now noting , is actively crafting plans that would “ give an edge ” in the federal contract bidding process “ to companies that offer better levels of pay , health coverage , pensions , and other benefits . ”
National corporate lobbies and their lawmaker allies are , predictably enough , already denouncing these emerging plans .
They have what they consider a politically potent argument .
Requiring contractors to meet higher wage standards , as Senator Susan Collins from Maine contended recently , “ could have serious , negative consequences , especially for our nation ’s small businesses . ”
Small businesses , lobbyists for big business are so selflessly arguing , would n’t be able to compete for contracts if they had to pay workers more .
That argument mangles the facts .
Many small businesses do pay decent wages , and the nation ’s largest low - wage employer happens to be a corporate colossus , Wal - Mart .
Still , by playing the “ small business card , ” corporate interests do have an argument that can resonate powerfully in the media echo chamber .
What can economic justice activists do to blunt this cynical corporate ploy ?
They can begin insisting on a government procurement bidding process that addresses the top of the corporate pay ladder , not just the bottom .
Such a process could set out a maximum gap between corporate top and bottom and deny government contracts to companies that pay their top executives over that maximum .
A reasonable maximum for executive pay could , for instance , be set at 25 times what a firm ’s lowest - paid workers are receiving .
A generation ago , in the United States , few firms paid their top executives over 25 times their worker pay .
Big - time firms today , at last tally , pay their top execs 319 times more than what average American workers receive .
By insisting that companies going after government contracts keep pay at the top within hailing distance of pay at the bottom , the federal government would be unleashing several different marketplace dynamics — all of them positive .
A pay ratio limit , for starters , would give small businesses a better shot at gaining contracts , since pay gaps within small enterprises seldom ever come close to the gaps at America ’s corporate giants .
A pay ratio cap would also give large enterprises an incentive to raise the wages that go to their lowest - paid workers .
The higher these wages at the bottom , the higher the allowable pay at the top .
Even more importantly , governmental procurement policies that privileged companies with narrow pay gaps between top and bottom would encourage enterprise - wide innovation and efficiency throughout the American economy .
“ Effective enterprises , ” researchers have shown , share rewards .
“ Defective ” enterprises ladle rewards at the top .
Peter Drucker , the father of modern management science , believed that corporations should compensate their top executives at no more than 20 or 25 times what their workers receive .
Congress now actually has legislation pending that leans in this direction .
Rep. Janet Schakowsky ’s Patriot Corporations
Act would give a federal contract bidding preference to firms that pay their executives less than 100 times their workers .
An earlier bill along that line , in the last Congress , had the support of a young senator from Illinois .
That senator : Barack Obama .
Sam Pizzigati edits Too Much , the online newsletter on excess and inequality published by the Washington , D.C. - based Institute for Policy Studies .
Too Much appears weekly .
Read the current issue or sign up to receive Too Much in your inbox .
Conservative critics of the Democrats ’ health care reform bill have used lots of phrase to describe the peril they believe it promises for America .
Former Mass .
Gov Mitt Romney said Obama had “ betrayed his oath to the nation . ” Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele said health reform was “ the first vote for the end of representative government . ”
Republican Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - SC ) called the measure an “ arrogant power grab . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
But conservative radio talk show host Neil Boortz appears to have taken the cake .
“ Nancy Pelosi will be grinning and laughing this afternoon , ” he Tweeted Sunday , in a little - noticed remark .
“ Today will do more damage than 9/11 . ”
2,752 Americans died in the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , according the official count .
On Tuesday , Boortz followed up , saying that health reform was “ Easily the worst thing that has happened to my country since I started talk radio in 1969 . ”
“ Hard to put into words how much damage I feel has been done to our Republic , ” he added .
ADVERTISEMENT
The conservative radio host also highlighted a Tweet by a follower which read , “ My dad ’s boss told them this AM that he will close when the taxes and madates [ sic ] kick in . ”
The Democrats ’ bill calls for employers with more than 50 employees to face a $ 750 to $ 2,000 penalty if their employees do n’t receive health insurance , and for wealthy Americans earning more than $ 200,000 to pay an additional 3.8 percent tax on investment income .
Other conservatives have offered heated rhetoric in opposition to the Democrats ’ bill , though probably none quite as outrageous as Boortz’s .
ADVERTISEMENT
CNN contributor Erick Erickson claimed that “ Democrats voted to put people in jail who have no insurance ” — which is false .
ThinkProgress also notes that Fox News host Glenn Beck asserted that while “ Jesus Martinez ” might support the health care bill , “ Jesus of Nazareth ” would n’t .
The 9/11 Tweet was highlighted late Monday by ThinkProgress , the liberal blog of the Center for American Progress .
ADVERTISEMENT
Boortz ’s 9/11 comments are n’t the first time the right - wing talker has inflamed audiences with his sharply worded Tweets .
In September , he drew flak for likening President Barack Obama to a child molester : “ Obama on Wall Street today , ” he wrote .
“ That ’s like sending a child molester to speak to a kindergarten class . ”
No , I have no idea if this is genuine ...
Wikileaks ' most compelling aspect is its ability to dig up the raw data behind the scandals it exposes .
You can't argue with documents produced by the culprits themselves !
That 's why 30 minutes of missing footage in their helicopter video matters .
You 've all seen the edited , 17 minute video of U.S. Apache helicopters killing two Reuters journalists in Iraq .
Some of you may have sat through the 39 minute ' Full Version . " .
But even this video has a full half - hour of footage cut out from the middle .
At 31:08 , the video fades to black and — according to the time - stamp on the footage — resumes about 30 minutes later to show an additional missile attack .
BEFORE CUT :
AFTER CUT :
The gap was pointed out by The Jawa Report , which clearly has an axe to grind .
( They call the video a " perverse and evil slight of hand . " )
But the fact remains that Wikileaks has passed off this video as the " full version , " while the 17 minute clip is the " edited " — even though both are clearly edited mid-footage .
What happened during that missing half - hour ?
The Jawa Report cites the sworn statements of the pilots involved in the attack .
One pilot said in his statement that between the attack on the journalists and the second attack , two events occurred which may have softened the picture of the pilots provided by the video :
1 ) The pilots went to assist soldiers under attack , but saw a child and other " noncombatants " and held their fire .
2 ) The pilots saw a red SUV that may have contained insurgents , but held their fire because they could n't get a positive identification .
Here is the relevant part of the statement .
( Click to enlarge . )
Neither of these events were shown in the video , which cuts off after the first attack and picks just before the second .
The helicopter fires three hellfire missiles into an abandoned building where insurgents are believed to be hiding .
Here is how the pilot described this attack in his statement :
The full version appears to leave out two instances of the pilots holding their fire , while including footage of them destroying a building ( and hitting a passerby on the sidewalk . )
This might seem like nitpicking .
After all , the full attack on the journalists was in the video , uncut from start to finish .
What evidence it provides for or against improper behavior by the pilots still stands .
But Wikileaks released this ' full version ' to fight against exactly the kinds of claims of selective editing it appears to have done .
Salon 's Glenn Greenwald called out both the New York Times and The Weekly Standard for suggesting the video had been selectively edited .
He wrote :
From the very beginning , WikiLeaks released the full , 38 - minute , unedited version of that incident — and did so right on the site they created for release of the edited video .
And today , Clint Hendler of the Columbia Journalism Review Told NPR :
On the point of the versions of the video , they actually put out both versions simultaneously , the 39 - minute version and the 17 - minute version .
They 're both disturbing to watch , you know , no matter the guilt or innocence or combatant status or noncombatant status of the people in it .
So it is accurate to say they put out an edited version , but only if you also mention they put an unedited version at the same time .
In fact this full version was edited — apparently to make the pilots look worse than they already did .
( As if that was necessary . )
In the end , releasing this ' full version ' along with an edited one is in line with Wikileaks ' strategy of " transparency at all costs . "
For years , its greatest strength has been in appearing simply a spotlight , revealing wrong - doing by exposing the unaltered data and documents produced by the culprits themselves .
( Think of the Climategate emails or the Guantanamo Bay standard operating procedures ; Wikileaks ' parent " company " is called Sunshine Press . )
But with this latest video , Wikileaks wants it both ways :
They 've clearly slanted their coverage of the video toward the implication of a Pentagon " murder cover - up . "
Then they released the " full version " to fall back on as the raw data .
Look , here 's the whole thing — judge for yourselves !
( The description on the YouTube video says " This is a full uncut version of the video . " )
And , largely , it 's insulated them against claims of selective editing .
To have edited this " full version " as they did , then , seems hypocritical at best .
If they could release 39 minutes , why not include the extra half hour as well ?
Let 's see some transparency , Wikileaks .
Update : Wikileaks editor Jullian Assange told CNN yesterday that the 39 minute video is " everything we have .
It is a continuous take except for one 20 minute interval . "
So , Wikileaks did not edit the video themselves — their source did .
But the point still stands : both the " edited " and the " full " version appear to have been selectively edited .
Why leave in the second attack after the cut ?
And how can this be called an " uncut " or " unedited " version — the implication being that this video depicts what " really happened " — when 20 minutes of less - incriminating footage was removed ?
It also deepens the mystery of Wikileak 's military source :
Who is so disgruntled as to not only leak the video , but also edit out the slightest bit of redeeming footage ?
( written from a Production point of view Real World article
After a computer malfunction , Worf , his son Alexander Rozhenko , and Counselor Deanna Troi are trapped in an Old West holodeck program wherein the interactive characters physically resemble and have the same enhanced abilities as Data .
Contents show ]
Summary
Teaser
" Captain 's Log , Stardate 46271.5 .
The Enterprise has entered orbit of Deinonychus VII but our scheduled rendezvous with the supply ship Biko has been delayed for another 48 hours .
In the meantime , many members of the crew are taking advantage of the delay to pursue their own projects , myself included . "
In his quarters , Captain Picard is trying to record a piece by Mozart with the Ressikan flute , but he is interrupted by Lieutenant Commanders Data and La Forge .
They ask for permission to experiment with creating an interface between Data 's positronic brain and the ship 's computers , so he can act as an emergency backup system in case of ship - wide failure .
Picard enthusiastically grants them permission and goes back to the recording when they leave , but is interrupted again by Doctor Beverly Crusher .
She wants him to perform in her next play , " Something for Breakfast " ; when he protests about his lack of free time and acting skill , Crusher explains she only wants to cast him in the minor role of the Butler , and assures him he can do it , reminding him of the rehearsal time as she exits .
Picard again resumes the recording , but is almost immediately interrupted for a third time by Worf , who presents a proposed schedule for security drills .
When Picard suggests the drills should wait for the new personnel soon to come aboard from Starbase 118 , Worf suggests he make maintenance checks on the forward phaser array instead , but the Captain tells him to enjoy himself during this free time .
Worf , slightly baffled , thanks him and leaves Picard to resume his recording .
In Worf 's quarters , his son , Alexander is lying on the floor while he plays with his computer .
He jumps up when he hears his father entering the room and he asks what the Captain said ;
Worf lets himself fall into a chair and after a short silence reluctantly admits that he has been relieved from his duties for the duration of the delay .
When Alexander asks him if this means that he can go with him , Worf told him he could .
Alexander cheerfully announces , " Saddle up , father ! " , and places a Stetson hat onto Worf 's head .
There seems to be no way to escape his son's idea of recreation .
Act One
Worf and Alexander are in the Deadwood holodeck program , looking down at the town of Deadwood .
This program is situated on 19th century Earth in an era known as the " Ancient West . "
They are dressed up like law enforcement officers , Worf portraying the sheriff – and Alexander his deputy .
While Worf and Alexander are walking through the main street , Geordi La Forge and Data are in engineering , preparing for their experiment .
After La Forge connects an optic cable on the opened right side of Data 's head to access Data 's auxiliary imput , he admits that he still is not used to seeing Data like this , with parts of his head opened and showing his circuitry .
After La Forge completes the connection , Data establishes the link - up with the Enterprise computer and they start their experiment .
Worf and Alexander , walking down the main street , are greeted by a lady of the night , who whistles at them .
When Alexander tells him that Lieutenant Barclay helped him write the program , Worf notes to himself that he will have to have a talk with Barclay later .
Their conversation is interrupted by a gunshot and both run towards the source of the sound .
In the saloon , Eli Hollander is shooting at his wanted poster ; he is angry with the man who drew his picture , since he feels that the artist did n't draw him ugly enough .
His Mexican partner is laughing out loud , amused by Eli's reaction .
After they empty their whiskey glasses they watch as Worf and Alexander enter the saloon .
Alexander explains to Worf that Eli Hollander is the bad guy , the meanest and toughest gunslinger in the west , and Worf 's job is to apprehend him if he can .
Worf adjusts his gun-belt and walks over to Eli's table , looks briefly at Eli's partner , and tells Eli he is under arrest .
As Eli stands up from his chair he is hit by Worf , before he can say anything , and hits the floor .
Alexander freezes the holodeck program and tells his father that this is too easy – it needs to be harder to beat the bad guys , otherwise the program would not be any fun to play .
Alexander orders the holodeck computer to change the difficulty level to level four and resets the program to where he and his father entered the saloon .
As they enter the saloon again the piano player stops and other customers get out of the way ; they do not want to be hit if shooting starts .
Worf walks up to Eli Hollander and tells him he is under arrest .
Eli , with his hand on his gun , tells
Worf that that 's not a good idea , then walks up to the bar and pours himself a whiskey .
He challenges Worf , and even insults him by telling him he looks likes an armadillo .
One of Eli's accomplices takes a chair with the intent to hit Worf in the back ; he is warned by Alexander , but too late .
The chair hits Worf and breaks apart , and with a swift turn
Worf hits the assailant , knocking him to the floor .
When Eli's partner wants to attack Worf , Worf hits him and he and falls backwards on the table , crushing it before he hits the floor .
Worf looks around for more and enthusiastically tells his son he is beginning to like this program , but Eli is pointing his gun at him and tells his men to saddle up and demands
Worf 's money and jewelry .
Eli walks up to Worf and cocks his gun , but before he can do anything someone shoots off his hat .
It is a stranger who just entered the saloon – Counselor Deanna Troi , who was asked by Alexander to participate because she loves western stories .
In main engineering , Data is still connected to the computer while Geordi La Forge is working at a console .
He experiences a brief power surge and disconnects himself .
La Forge takes off the cable , and he gets up , and mysteriously puts his tricorder away just like the Eli character slung around his gun in his holster .
Act Two
Eli Hollander is in the sheriff 's jail playing cards and tells Worf and Alexander that he will not be in there for long .
When his pa hears about this he will get him out .
Alexander tells him that his pa is no match for Sheriff Worf , but the stranger tells them otherwise .
Worf asks
Troi if she could be more supportive , at which she tells him to call her " Durango " – she was just passing through and thought she 'd lend a hand when she saw them in trouble .
With her feet on his desk she lights a cigarillo and tells
Worf that she is not a deputy , when Worf suggested that she might help .
When Worf asks her if she would consider becoming a temporary deputy , she tells him it would cost him five hundred dollars .
Worf then turns to his son and tells him that they will need currency ;
Alexander tells him he will go to the bank to make a withdrawal and leaves the sheriff 's office .
Worf asks
Troi how she knows so much about this period of Earth 's history , and she tells him her father always read her stories about the ancient west .
She always wanted to play the part of the mysterious stranger .
Their conversation is interrupted by Annie Meyers , the owner of the Gold Strike Saloon .
After she enters the sheriff 's office , she affectionately kisses Sheriff Worf and tells him he was so brave when he faced that evil man Eli Hollander .
She tells him she will make him a special dinner , complete with a candle setting of real beeswax .
When Worf tells her he cannot attend her dinner because he has a prisoner , " Durango " tells him not to worry , she will keep an eye on the prisoner while they are dining .
Worf rejects Durango 's offer and gets slapped in the face by Annie , who suspects there is another woman , someone from Miss Langford 's House of Pleasure , although he denies it .
An angry Miss Annie leaves the sheriff 's office , slamming the door .
When Eli sarcastically remarks that Worf has a way with women , " Durango " can barely suppress a laugh by masking it as a cough .
Meanwhile , in the captain 's quarters , Jean - Luc Picard is listening to the musical performance he recorded earlier .
Suddenly the music changes , from his flute recording to a full orchestra playing Dvorak 's Slavonic Dance , Opus 46 , No. 8 , although the computer identifies the performance as his : Picard Mozart Trio Program One .
At the same time , Beverly Crusher is rehearsing " Something for Breakfast " together with Will Riker and some other colleagues .
She finds that her play is missing when Riker recites a poem , the one Data wrote in honor of his cat Spot entitled " Ode to Spot " , instead of the text of the play .
After she checks the PADD , the script of the play is still gone .
Crusher takes the PADD to main engineering where La Forge opens it up and checks its performance .
He can find nothing wrong with it .
It seems that when Crusher tried to retrieve her script the computer accessed Data 's poem instead .
Data suggests that their experiment could be the source of the problems and they decide to run a level two diagnostic on the computer while Data performs a self - diagnostic .
In Deadwood , Deputy Alexander is walking on the boardwalk back from the bank where he got the money to pay Durango .
After a quick check on the contents of the money bag , he is pulled from the street , gagged , and brought to a mine by one of Eli 's accomplices .
Here Alexander complains that he was not supposed to be kidnapped at this time , but when he orders the holodeck computer to freeze the program nothing happens ; even after a second command the computer does not respond .
A man comes around the corner – it is Data , as Frank Hollander , Eli 's father .
When the Mexican asks if he wants the deputy dead , Frank answers that he is more valuable alive .
Act Three
On the Enterprise Data is in his quarters .
He orders his cat 's food but the cat , Spot , refuses to eat it .
He tells her perhaps hunger will convince her to try it later , then tries to do some work but Spot keeps on interrupting him by jumping onto his desk and walking over his computer console , and Data is forced to pick her up and move her back to the floor .
The first time he does this , he speaks normally ; the second time , however , he says in a Texas accent , " Vamoose , you little varmint . "
Data does not notice his accent and continues working .
The interface experiment seems to be influencing Data also in addition to the other computer malfunctions .
Sheriff Worf enters the Gold Strike Saloon and looks around for his deputy .
When he does not see him he asks Miss Annie , who is behind the bar and trying to ignore him , still angry about his dinner rejection .
After telling him that she has not seen his deputy she asks him what he likes to drink .
Annie laughs when Worf asks for Klingon firewine and she tells him they do n't serve European drinks , like they do in Kansas City .
Annie tells him she could serve him a sherry like they do at Miss Langford's .
While Miss Annie gets him a drink , Sheriff
Worf hears footsteps on the boardwalk outside the saloon , and as he looks at the entrance , the saloon doors squeak and he watches a stranger walk in with two accomplices .
The stranger looks exactly like Lieutenant Commander Data , however Worf simply assumes that either Alexander or Troi had invited him to participate in the program .
This new character tells
Worf that his name is Frank Hollander .
As Worf checks him out , Frank asks him what he is looking at and Worf tells him he is not looking at him .
When Worf asks him what he wants , Frank tells him he wants his son back .
After sipping his drink ,
Worf turns to Frank and tells him that his son will have to stand trial for murder .
Frank tells him that they have to work something out , when Worf refuses , he asks him if he has seen his deputy .
When Worf asks him where his deputy is , Frank does not answer and Worf tells him he does not negotiate with criminals and that his son will stand trial .
After emptying his glass , Sheriff Worf walks past Frank to leave the saloon , but Frank grabs him by the shoulder , hard enough to be quite painful for Worf .
Worf , in the belief that Frank is Data , asks him what he is doing and realizes that this is not Data at all before trying to freeze the holodeck program , but to no avail .
As Worf backs out of the saloon , Frank tells him not to leave and his accomplices stand ready to draw their weapons .
After a short silence , Worf turns and dives through the saloon doors while bullets from Frank 's accomplices follow him on his way out .
When Worf enters the sheriff 's office , he bolts the door and Deanna Troi , who is practicing her fast draw , asks him what is wrong ; he tells her that Alexander is missing and that the holodeck safeguards are not functioning .
When Deanna notices that Worf has been shot in his arm , she tries to freeze the holodeck program ; when this fails she tries to contact security and Captain Picard , but all attempts to contact someone outside the holodeck also fail .
Troi uses her bandanna to tie a tourniquet on Worf 's arm to stop the bleeding from his gunshot wound .
Worf tells her that Eli's father looks just like Data but is in fact not the android and that he has kidnapped Alexander .
Eli Hollander sneers at the sheriff from his cell , saying that his father might has been too rough with him , and as they look at him , Worf and Troi see that he also has the appearance of Data .
Act Four
Troi wonders why the computer creates characters that look like Data and stops
Worf when he tries to force Eli to tell him were Alexander is .
When Worf walks back from the cell , she tells him that when they finish the story , the program will automatically terminate like it is designed to , despite the non-functioning safeguards .
Worf agrees with her and decides to talk to the people of Deadwood and see if someone might have seen Alexander 's abduction .
" Captain 's Log , supplemental .
Commander La Forge and Mister Data believe they have found the cause of the mysterious malfunctions which have been plaguing the ship . "
In the Enterprise observation lounge , Captain Picard , First Officer William Riker , Geordi La Forge and Data are deliberating on how to solve the computer problems their interface experiment has created .
Computer core - subroutine C47 seems to have been replaced by parts of Data 's own programming and because C47 controls library computer access , replicators and the recreational programs , among other things , this is the reason that Picard heard the wrong musical part and Doctor Crusher lost her script ; in addition , six decks ' worth of food replicators are limited to producing cat food : the custom supplements Data had designed just for Spot.
Data and Geordi are busy isolating the corrupted computer circuit pathways , but it will take at least two hours .
During their conference they notice that Data uses the antiquated phrase " I reckon " , although Data himself does not remember using it ; he even speaks with a Texan accent again , while saying another unusual phrase : " Y'all must be mistaken " .
Picard suggests that La Forge take Data to main engineering and try to examine Data 's behavior ; when he and La Forge leave the observation lounge , Data walks with a cowboy swagger and mistakes the plant near the door for a cuspidor .
Picard and Riker look at each other when they see his behavior , not knowing what to think .
In the sheriff 's office Troi watches how Eli shuffles his cards in exactly the same way Data does when he plays poker and with the same speed .
Her thoughts are interrupted by a knock on the door – it is Sheriff Worf .
He tells her that he has found witnesses who saw the abduction of Alexander and is told by Deanna about Eli's abilities and she assumes his father would also possess Data 's abilities .
Their conversation is interrupted by someone knocking on the door ; it is Frank Hollander , who wants to see his son .
Sheriff
Worf demands his gun , whereupon Frank sneers to take a good look at his gun , he would see it again real soon .
When Frank asks Eli how they were treating him , he complains that he has not eaten since he was imprisoned .
Frank tells him that the sheriff will pay for this and asks him who the stranger is .
Eli does not know , but tells his father she is mighty good with a Winchester .
Frank walks up to the sheriff and tells him he will give him one more chance to release his son .
After a short silence
Worf tells him he agrees .
He will release Eli in exchange for his deputy .
Frank tells him to meet him in two hours in front of the livery stables and he does not want to see the stranger there and asks for his gun back .
After a last look at his son he leaves the sheriff 's office .
Troi tells
Worf that in every story she has read about the ancient west , the bad guys always broke their word , and explains to him that bad guys of the Ancient West are not concerned about honor when Worf tells her they have made an honorable agreement .
This bad guy has the speed and accuracy of an android and will try to kill him .
Act Five
When Riker visits La Forge and Data in main engineering they have discovered that part of Data 's memory structure has been replaced by the computer recreational database .
More specifically , parts of the 19th century American west .
La Forge confirms that this is a result of their interface experiment and tells Commander Riker that a progressive memory purge to restore Data 's programming is running and will take a couple of hours to finish .
When Riker asks about the computer recreational database , La Forge tells him that a memory purge there is also in progress and that it will take one to two hours to complete .
As Riker leaves he is told by Data not to worry , they will fix the problem in time for supper .
In the sheriff 's office , Worf and Troi are planning how they are going to deal with Frank Hollander when they are interrupted by several knocks on the door .
It is Miss Annie , who brings Worf a toolbox with old man Newsome 's telegraph machine .
While Worf looks through the toolbox , Troi nods to Miss Annie , hinting Worf to thank her so she will leave the office .
At 5:14 pm Worf finishes making a simple force field generator with some telegraph parts and his combadge functioning as a power source .
When Troi asks how long the field will last he tells her not more than fifteen seconds because the field is very unstable .
A few moments later Sheriff Worf and Eli Hollander walk out of the sheriff 's office towards the front of the saloon .
When they arrive Eli is stopped by Worf and they watch as Frank Hollander and Deputy Alexander walk into the middle of the street and stop in front of the livery stable .
After lighting his cigar , Frank pushes Alexander forward , and he starts walking towards his father , Sheriff Worf , who nods Eli to start walking .
Unknown to Worf , Frank 's accomplices are hiding beside the street , ready to use their weapons if necessary ; by now they all look like Data .
As Eli passes Alexander , he looks at him disdainfully , and just before he reaches his father , Frank yells at him to get down and draws his gun .
Worf warns Alexander and while he runs to the saloon , Worf turns on his makeshift force field , just in time .
Frank empties his gun but the bullets are stopped by the force field .
When it stops working , one of Frank 's accomplices draws his weapon and tries to shoot Worf but he is stopped by Troi , who was hiding under a cover on a nearby wagon .
At that time Frank 's Mexican accomplice , who was hiding on a roof , throws a gun towards him .
As he catches it , Worf draws his weapon and shoots the weapon right out of Frank 's hand .
Frank knows he is beaten and challenges Worf to shoot him .
Worf cocks his weapon and looks towards Alexander , who is lying under the saloon doors , watching everything .
After a short silence , Worf tells Frank Hollander never to show his face again in Deadwood .
Frank calls his accomplices and walks out of the street while he throws a sharp look at Sheriff Worf .
Deanna and Worf run into the saloon where Alexander embraces his father and tells him he is fine when Worf asks if he is alright .
Worf orders the holodeck computer to end the program but nothing happens .
Deanna does not understand – the story should have ended by now .
Worf tells the computer again to end the program .
Miss Annie , who now also looks like Data , walks down the stairs and tells
Worf he is as handy with a gun as with a woman 's heart .
An agitated Worf rapidly repeats his command to shut down the program while Miss Annie walks towards him .
The computer shuts down the program just as Annie Meyers places her head on Worf 's shoulder , and Worf sighs with relief as he sees the holodeck grid appearing .
" Captain 's Log , Stardate 46278.3 .
Both Commander Data and the ship 's computer have been restored to normal operation .
Our rendezvous with the supply ship Biko has proceeded as planned . "
Back in Worf 's quarters ,
Worf looks to his son who is almost asleep .
When Alexander asks his father if he would go back to the ancient west despite what has happened , Worf tells him if the town of Deadwood would face danger again they would need a sheriff and a deputy .
As Worf walks back to the living quarters he notices the Stetson lying on a chair and he cannot resist putting it on his head and trying out his fast draw in the mirror using his fingers as a pretend revolver and grinning widely .
In space , the Enterprise breaks orbit and cruises towards the system star just as it dips into the penumbra of a nearby moon – creating an effect much like the sun going down on the horizon , and making it appear as though the ship is " riding off into the sunset . "
Memorable quotes
" I 'm not much of an actor . "
- Picard , to Beverly Crusher
" Saddle up , father ! "
- Alexander , to Worf
" You 're not just another electronic system . "
" Thank you , Geordi .
Nor are you just another biological organism . "
- La Forge and Data '
" You wrote this holodeck program yourself ... "
" Well , Mr. Barclay helped a little . "
" I must have a little talk with Mr. Barclay . "
- Worf and Alexander , after seeing a prostitute in his son's holoprogram
" If ever I find the varmint that drew this , he 'll be sorry ever put pen to paper !
I 'm ten times uglier than that , ai n't I ? "
( laughs very loudly )
" Shut up !
You laugh so much , it 's a wonder you ain't got flies in your mouth . "
( laughs even louder ) " You 're very funny man , señor Eli . "
- Eli Hollander and the bandit , while Hollander shoots at a wanted poster of himself with a somewhat inaccurate picture
" No , no , no !
Computer , freeze program . "
" What is wrong ? "
" That was too easy .
It has to be harder to beat the bad guys ! "
- Alexander , to Worf after he abruptly knocks out Eli Hollander and begins to take him away
" Where are they going ? "
" They do n't want to get hit by the bullets . "
- Worf and Alexander , when saloon customers promptly leave when Worf arrives to arrest Eli Hollander
" I 'm beginning to see the appeal of this program ! "
- Worf , to Alexander , after violently knocking down two villains in the saloon on the holodeck , obviously enjoying the fight
" You are a murderer and a thief . "
" A man 's gotta make a livin ' . "
( Gunshot abruptly removes Eli's hat )
" I 'd advise you to find a new line a ' work . "
- Worf , Eli Hollander , and Troi as the suddenly arrived " Stranger "
" What are his rights in this century ?
Is there a trial ... or shall I execute him ? "
- Worf , to Alexander asking what he is supposed to do with Eli Hollander now that he has been arrested
" Counselor , I would appreciate some support in this matter ! "
" Durango !
I 'm called Durango ! "
" Yes , err ... Counselor Durango , [... ] "
- Worf and Deanna Troi , playing the mysterious stranger on the holodeck
" You sure got a way with women , sheriff . "
- Eli Hollander , to Sheriff Worf , after Worf got slapped by Annie
( Spot meows and jumps onto Data 's console . )
" Spot , you are disrupting my ability to work . "
( After Data moves her to the floor , Spot meows and jumps back up . )
" Vamoose , you little varmint ! " ( in Texan accent )
- Data , to Spot , who is disrupting Data 's ability to work
" Aw !
Now is n't that a shame ?
Poor sheriff 's been injured .
What 's the matter ?
Was ma pa ' ' little too rough on ya ? " ( laughs very gleefully )
- Eli Hollander , looking like Data , about Worf 's getting shot by one of Frank Hollander 's men
" Y'all must be mistaken . "
" Data , you did it again . "
" Did what ? "
- Data and La Forge about Data's Texas drawl
" You sit tight , boy .
I 'll have you home in time for supper . "
- Frank Hollander , with the appearance of Data to Eli Hollander , who also looks like Data , on the holodeck
" Howdy , commander . "
- Data , in a Texan accent
" You just sit tight .
We 'll have this all fixed up in time for supper . "
- Data , to Cmdr. Riker , about the progress in fixing the problem with subroutine C47 , in the real world
" The town of Deadwood may face danger once again .
If they do , they will need a sheriff ... and a deputy . "
- Worf , to Alexander after the program has ended
Background information
Production history
Story and script
Production
Sets and locations
Cast and characters
Props
Reception
Awards
This episode won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Sound Mixing for a Drama Series .
Apocrypha
Video and DVD releases
Starring
Also starring
Guest stars
Co-star
Uncredited co-stars
Stunt doubles
Stand-ins and photo doubles
References
19th century ; ability ; accent ; accusation ; act ; allegro ; Ancient West ; Ancient West ; American West ; Arizona ; armadillo ; bank ; Barclay , Reginald ; Becky 's Dry Goods and Sundries ; beefsteak ; Biko , USS ; biological organism ; Boseman ; bullet ; butcher ; butler ( the butler ) ; beeswax candle ; California ; cat food ; Chicago ; circuit pathway ; clarinet ; clock ; Colt .45 ; combadge ; contraction ; Deadwood ; Deinonychus VII ; Deinonychus VII moon ; deputy ; dialogue ; double - barreled shotgun ; Durango duty roster ; Dvorak , Anton ; Earth ; emergency backup system ; endotherm ; energy cell ; European ; feline supplement 127 ; Felis catus ; firewine ; floosie ; fly ; Gallagher , James ; General Mercantile Company ; Gold Strike Saloon ; gooseberry cobbler ; gravedigger ; gunfighter ( aka gunslinger ) ; heart ; Hollander , Frank ; Hollander 's victims ; holo - programs ; holodeck safeguards ; homicide ; hour ; Howard and Son's Mercantile Company ; inertial damping system ; jefe ; Kansas City ; Klingon ; law enforcement ; level 2 diagnostic ; line ; livery station ; Mintakan tapestry ; Miss Langford 's House of Pleasure ; money ; Montana ; Mozart , Wolfgang Amadeus ; M. Schulz Company ; neural net ; Newsome ; Oberth - class ; oboe ; " Ode to Spot " ; old man ; pa ; PADD ; painting ; phaser array ; piano ; Picard Mozart trio , Program 1 ; pipe ; playing cards ; poker ; positronic subprocessor ; progressive memory purge ; rain barrel ; Rapid City ; recreational database ; rehearsal ; Ressikan flute ; rocking chair ; security drill ; self - diagnostic ; señor ; sextant ; shave ; sheriff ; sherry ; shotgun ; shuffling ; Slavonic Dances , The ; Something for Breakfast ; South Dakota ; Spot ; Starbase 118 ; Subroutine C - 47 ; sunflower ; taxonomy ; telegraph machine ; tempo ; thief ; tin can ; tricorder ; Troi , Ian Andrew ; US Marshal ; villain ; walk ; Walworth ; Western ; whisker ( beard ) ; Winchester
Atlanta , Georgia ( CNN ) --
The head of an influential social conservative organization urged members and supporters Wednesday to stop donating to the Republican National Committee and instead contribute to its own coffers or to candidates with like - minded goals .
Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council , made the plea in his " Washington Update " column posted on the organization 's
Web site following the revelation that the RNC paid for a night out at a risque Hollywood nightclub .
" I 've hinted at this before , but now I am saying it -- do n't give money to the RNC , " Perkins said in his column .
" If you want to put money into the political process , and I encourage you to do so , give directly to candidates who you know reflect your values .
" Better yet , become a member of FRC Action and learn about the benefits it offers , including participating in the FRC Action PAC which can support candidates who will advance faith , family and freedom , " he said .
Perkins is the latest social conservative leader to openly criticize RNC Chairman Michael Steele for allowing the controversial expenditure to happen under his watch .
Former Sen. Rick Santorum , R - Pennsylvania , and Penny Nance , the head of Conservative Women for America , both publicly questioned Steele 's leadership this week .
" If the RNC wants to represent conservatives and the Republican Party , then they have to act like conservatives -- in a moral , fiscal and ethical manner , " Nance said .
" When RNC officials seem to think it wise to spend a grandmother 's monthly donation on wooing the younger generation by taking them to a bondage - themed sex club instead of helping to elect a conservative , a real problem exists . "
The RNC has emphasized that Steele was not at the club , nor did he approve of the expense .
The staffer who did has since been fired .
Thanks to the health care " reform " bill passed by Congress and signed into law by Barack Obama , American taxpayers are about to be hit with the largest tax increase in the history of the United States .
According to an analysis by the Congressional Joint Committee on Taxation the health care bill will generate $ 409.2 billion in additional taxes by 2019 .
But there are also heavy fines for those who refuse to buy the health insurance mandated by the bill .
According to the Congressional Budget Office , the health care bill imposes approximately $ 69 billion in penalties for individuals and businesses who do n't meet mandates to purchase health insurance .
This will be the first time in the history of the United States that the federal government has ordered Americans citizens to buy a good or service .
But it is not just a small amount of money that the U.S. government is requiring all of us to spend .
In fact , the federal government will be mandating that ordinary Americans pay almost as much to private insurance companies as they do in federal taxes .
Just think about how bizarre that is .
It is a total government takeover of the health care system , and it is an absolute windfall for the health insurance companies .
No wonder their stocks have been heading into the stratosphere .
Before we take a look at all the taxes the American people will soon be paying , we should consider how much our health insurance premiums are about to go up .
According to one analysis , a middle class family of four making $ 66,370 will initially be forced to pay $ 5,243 per year for health insurance under the new system .
That would be bad enough .
But once more of the provisions contained in the health care bill start kicking in that figure is going to go up significantly .
How significantly ?
According to the Congressional Budget Office , by 2016 , the average family health care plan will cost $ 15,200 per year .
Can you afford to pay that ?
Well , whether you like it or not , the U.S. government will now be forcing you to shell out cash for health insurance .
And we all get to be taxed like crazy at the same time .
Oh joy !
Let 's take a look at some of the taxes ....
* Section 9001 of the health care bill contains an excise tax on " Cadillac " health insurance plans .
In other words , if you have provided your family with the very best in health insurance coverage you get to be taxed extra .
This tax is particularly harsh .
It imposes a 40 percent tax rate on the portion of insurance premiums exceeding $ 8,500 a year for individuals and $ 23,000 a year for family plans .
In an attempt to hide this tax , Democrats have imposed it on the employers who provide these plans to their employees .
What do you think the odds are that employers will simply quit offering these really good health plans to their employees now ?
Also , keep in mind the the levels at which this 40 percent tax kick in will be indexed to inflation .
Since inflation typically grows at a much slower rate than the cost of health care , an increasing number of employers will be confronted with this tax as the years go by .
* Section 9004 contains a very interesting provision .
Taxes on money in a health savings account not used for qualified medical expenses will increase from 10 % to 20 % .
For " Archer " medical savings accounts , taxes on money not used for qualified medical expenses will increase from 15 % to 20 % .
* Section 9008 of the health care bill imposes a $ 2.3 billion excise tax on the pharmaceutical industry .
This tax is distributed throughout the entire pharmaceutical industry and it is not based on the income of the individual firms .
Instead , the tax will solely be based on market share .
So even if a pharmaceutical company is losing hundreds of millions of dollars it will still have to pay this tax .
* Section 9009 of the health care bill imposes an " annual fee " on medical device manufacturers and importers .
Just like the tax imposed on the pharmaceutical industry , this tax on medical device manufacturers and importers will be based on market share and not on income .
* Section 9010 of the health care bill imposes an " annual fee " on health insurance providers .
This harsh $ 6.7 billion tax would also be allocated based on market share .
Perhaps you do n't think that some of these taxes will impact you personally .
But just think about it for a moment .
Do you actually believe that the health insurance firms , pharmaceutical companies and medical device manufacturers will not pass the cost of these taxes on to consumers ?
The truth is that American taxpayers will end up paying for all of these taxes one way or another .
* Section 9015 of the health care bill imposes an extra 0.5 % tax on wages over $ 200,000 for those who file a single return and on wages over $ 250,000 for those who file a joint return .
* Section 9017 of the health care bill imposes an excise tax on elective cosmetic medical procedures .
Any voluntary cosmetic procedures will now be subjected to a 5 percent tax .
So now all of those nose jobs and boob enhancements are about to get a whole lot more expensive .
But as bad as all of those taxes are , that is just the first wave .
The second wave is in the reconciliation act that the House has already passed and is now in the Senate .
We encourage all of you to read H.R. 4872 - it is really a frightening bill .
The following are just some of the new taxes contained in that bill ....
* A 2.5 % income tax ( more like a fine ) on anyone who does not purchase health care insurance .
This tax will be limited to an amount less than the average national health care insurance premium .
* A 1 % tax increase on those making between $ 350,000 and $ 500,000 .
* A 1.5 % tax increase on those making between $ 500,000 and $ 1 million .
* A 5.4 % tax increase on those making more than $ 1 million per year .
* For firms that do not provide health insurance for their employees , and yet do not qualify for exclusions , an 8 % tax on wages will be applied .
Are you starting to get the picture ?
When you add all of these taxes together , you get the biggest tax increase in the history of the United States .
That is going to make it really hard for the American people to try to live the American Dream .
In fact , these " reforms " are a whole lot more about money than they are about health care .
Under the new health care regime , the Internal Revenue Service will function as the government 's chief enforcer for health care reform .
Is n't that lovely ?
The U.S. government has taken over the entire health care system , and they are about to make a gigantic financial mess of it .
What in the world has happened to the United States of America ?
Goddard Scientist 's Breakthrough Given Ticket to Mars
Lori Keesey
Goddard Space Flight Center
The quest to discover whether Mars ever hosted an environment friendly to microscopic forms of life has just gotten a shot in the arm .
" Mars was a lot different 3 - 1/ 2 billion years ago .
It was more like Earth with liquid water , " said Jennifer Eigenbrode , a scientist at the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. " Maybe life existed back then .
Maybe it has persisted , which is possible given the fact that we 've found life in every extreme environment here on Earth .
If life existed on Mars , maybe it adapted very much like life adapted here .
" An experiment proposed by Eigenbrode has been added to the Sample Analysis at Mars ( SAM ) instrument on a mobile NASA laboratory that will land on Mars in 2012 .
Goddard scientists developed SAM .
The newly added experiment will enhance SAM 's ability to analyze large carbon molecules if the mission is fortunate enough to find any .
The mission , NASA 's Mars Science Laboratory , will be checking whether a carefully chosen area of Mars has ever had an environment favorable for the development of life and preservation of evidence about life .
The mission 's car - sized rover will analyze dozens of samples scooped from soil and drilled from rocks .
None of the rover 's 10 instruments is designed to identify past or present life , but SAM has a key role of checking for carbon - containing compounds that potentially can be ingredients or markers of life .
Most environments on Mars may not have enabled preservation of these compounds , which are called organic molecules , but if any did , that could be evidence of conditions favorable for life .
Eigenbrode secured the flight opportunity for her experiment after successfully proving in a series of tests earlier this year that the combination of heat and a specific chemical would significantly enhance SAM 's ability to analyze large carbon molecules .
In particular , Eigenbrode 's experiment will provide far more details about the evolution of large organic molecules that are made up of smaller molecules such as carbohydrates , lipids , proteins , and nucleic acids — should SAM find them .
" Our experiment preserves information on how these molecules formed , " she said .
" What we 'll get are key observations that tell us about organic carbon sources and processing on Mars — shedding light on the planet 's carbon cycle .
" SAM is considered one of the most complicated instruments ever to land on the surface of another planet .
Equipped with a gas chromatograph , a quadruple mass spectrometer , and a tunable laser spectrometer , SAM will carry out the initial search for organic compounds when the Mars Science Laboratory lands in 2012 .
To identify organic compounds , however , the instrument will have to prepare soil and rock samples before it can obtain measurements .
As planned , the rover 's robotic arm will scoop up the soil and drill rock samples and a separate mechanism will deliver the samples to SAM 's sample - manipulation system , a carousel - like device that contains two concentric rings holding 74 tiny tubes .
Once the tubes are filled with the fine - grained samples , the carousel will rotate and insert the tube inside a pyrolysis oven .
As the oven heats , the hermetically sealed sample will begin to break down , releasing gases that SAM 's instrument will then analyze for potential biomarkers .
There is a catch , however .
Although SAM will be effective at identifying organic compounds , heat breaks carbon bonds , resulting in fragmentation and the loss of molecular information .
What was needed , Eigenbrode believed , were other ways to prep the samples to prevent fragmentation and obtain more details .
In her quest to find these techniques , Eigenbrode investigated methods that would give a robotic laboratory operating millions of miles from home the same flexibility and capability of an Earth - based organic geochemistry laboratory .
" Sample preparation is the forgotten science in Mars exploration , " Eigenbrode said .
" An instrument is only as good as the sample , and there is no single method for identifying all molecular components .
"
In 2009 , she tested rocks similar to those found on the red plant , prepping the sample with a small amount of tetramethylammonium hydroxide in methanol ( TMAH ) , a chemical mixture used in laboratories for studying organic compounds .
She then heated the sample to determine whether the TMAH not only preserved the sample 's molecular structure , but also could survive the higher levels of radiation found on Mars .
The testing proved successful .
The tests also proved that the addition of her experiment on SAM posed no technical challenges .
Ten of the 74 carousel cups already were reserved for a " wet chemistry " experiment effective for analyzing free amino acids , the building blocks of proteins .
Seeing the benefit of adding Eigenbrode 's sample - preparation method to the overall SAM mission , Principal Investigator Paul Mahaffy and scientists Daniel Glavin and Jason Dworkin agreed to donate two of the 10 cups for her experiment .
Just a few weeks ago , the SAM team added and sealed the TMAH chemical inside the two cups .
" With the addition of Jennifer 's chemical toolkit , the range of organic molecules that SAM can detect has been expanded with no hardware modifications .
It provides a promising path to contribute to our understanding of the biological potential on MARS , " Mahaffy said .
" When I began working on my concept in early 2009 , I thought it might be suitable for a future Mars mission , perhaps in 2016 , " Eigenbrode said .
" I never thought that it would fly so soon on SAM .
I believe we have really enhanced the capabilities of SAM should it find organic material .
What I really want now is to find macromolecules on Mars . "
Apple this summer will go a long way towards silencing critics and catering to one of the most prevalent demands of its iPhone user base , when it introduces a multitasking solution through the handset 's 4.0 software update that will finally allow several third party apps to run concurrently and in the background .
People with a proven track record in predicting Apple 's technological advances tell AppleInsider that the Cupertino - based company has developed a " full - on solution " to multitasking on the iPhone OS but offered no specifics on how the technology would optimize resource conservation and battery life — two of the most critical issues surrounding the matter , alongside security .
From a user - facing perspective , Apple plans to deliver a multi-tasking manager that leverages interface technology already bundled with its Mac OS X operating system , according to those same people .
It was requested that specifics be withheld at this time , as the iPhone Software 4.0 remains under development and reportedly has a quite ' way to go ' before it 's ready for prime time .
Today 's iPhone 3.x software is a fully preemptive multitasking operating system , but it artificially restricts apps ( other than specific ones bundled with the system by Apple ) from running in the background .
Not a technical issue
Controversy over " multitasking " within the iPhone OS has been brewing ever since Apple launched iPhone 2.0 with the ability to run third party software titles .
While often reported as begin a technical flaw , the iPhone OS really has no problem with multitasking .
The system 's phone , SMS , email , iPod , voice recorder , Nike + , and certain other bundled apps can continue in the background while the user launches another app .
However , third party titles obtained from the App Store ( including apps from Apple , such as Remote or iDisk ) can not be launched at the same time .
This behavior is prevented by the iPhone OS ' security model , which is designed to close the current app whenever the user returns to the Home screen or accepts an incoming call .
This design prevents apps from being able to run in the background without the user knowing , and therefore erases any real potential for spyware , adware and viruses .
Enabling multitasking
By jailbreaking the system , the iPhone OS security model is compromised via an exploit , allowing the user to launch and run multiple apps .
This also opens the door to both malware and widespread piracy , both of which have been contained by the default security system put in place by Apple .
While this has resulted in a secure platform and a commercially viable App Store for both users and developers , many vocal critics have cited a variety of examples of apps or features that can't work within these constrains .
Among these apps begging for background execution are : Pandora - style Internet radio ; third party instant messaging features that are available at all times just like SMS or email ; and Loopt or Google Latitude type apps that report the user 's location at regular intervals .
New in iPhone 4.0
There are a number of ways Apple can address these needs .
First is by allowing third parties to launch apps that actually run all the time in the background , just like the bundled Mail , SMS , iPod , or Voice Memos .
This is n't a technical problem for the multitasking iPhone OS , but does introduce new issues for users .
Because the iPhone OS does n't present a conventional windowing user interface , launching multiple apps requires the addition of a new interface mechanism that allows users to intuitively switch between apps without introducing too much new complexity .
The iPhone OS is intended to create mobile devices that are easy to use , not just small versions of the complex PC model of the 1990s .
Apple mocked the unfriendly and complex Task Manager of Windows Mobile at the launch of iPhone 2.0 .
Today 's Android users similarly find themselves diddling with resource and memory management to optimize battery life and performance .
Existing background - capable apps in iPhone 3.x paint a bar across the top of the screen that allows the user to return to that background app ( such as a phone call , voice memo , or Nike+ session ) when finished with their secondary foreground app .
But that solution is n't going to scale to multiple apps all running at once .
Other multitasking issues to fix
In addition to a new graphical interface for switching ( handled by the Dock in Mac OS X ) , a multitasking third party app model would also require a way for apps to communicate with each other or prioritize resource allocation .
One reason why the iPhone and iPod touch are emerging as a successful mobile games platform is due to the fact that the iPhone OS ' one - app model means that games can be more complex and sophisticated and yet still perform well on a mobile device .
Gaming has largely failed to take off on other mobile platforms because titles are limited to simplistic experiences , as they must either run in a poorly - performing layer of abstraction ( such as the Adobe Flash / Flash Lite , Microsoft Silverlight , or Sun Java / Android Dalvik runtimes ) , or target a native platform that lacks an installed base big enough to attract significant development .
Installing lots of background processes will inevitably eat up battery life and performance , so adding multitasking features that are valuable without creating a mess for users to deal with requires solving a variety of non-obvious problems that are very apparent on other mobile platforms that claim to deliver functional multitasking .
Potential solutions include saving the state of and parking the foreground app , or scaling down the execution of a background app , so that multiple app execution does not overwhelm the limited resources available on mobile devices .
Either one would allow the user to quickly switch between running apps without seeing much downside .
Today 's iPhone OS requires a brief layover to the Home screen before jumping from the current app to launch another one .
More system RAM and faster processors will also help to improve the experience of users who want to quickly switch between multiple apps .
A boxscore for this game is not yet available
Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS PERFORM is strictly prohibited .
Romeo and Juliet Introduction ____________________________________________________________________________________
Want more deets ?
We 've also got a complete Online Course about Romeo and Juliet , with three weeks worth of readings and activities to make sure you know your stuff .
____________________________________________________________________________________
Before young William Shakespeare wrote his play about two poetry speaking , hormone - driven teenagers who defy their families ' long - standing feud and risk everything to be together , love was n't even considered a suitable subject for a " tragedy . "
Not anymore .
Written at the beginning of Shakespeare 's career as a playwright , The Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet ( c. 1595 ) is now considered to be the greatest love story of all time .
It was n't a sleeper hit , either : the play was so popular in its own time that it was published twice during Shakespeare 's life ( 1597 and 1599 ) .
Considering the state of printing press technology at the time , that 's kind of a big deal .
Shakespeare adapted the storyline from Arthur Brookes ' popular Tragicall History of Romeus and Juliet ( 1562 ) , a long English poem based on a story that dates back to a novella by Masuccio Salernitano called " Mariotto and Giannozza " ( 1476 ) .
But it 's not just a remake .
Ever heard of the Tragicall History of Romeus and Juliet ?
Yeah , we thought not .
Shakespeare made the story immortal — or , at least extremely long - lived .
The balcony scene alone ( Act 2 , Scene 2 in most editions of the play ) is one of the most memorable and recognizable moments in all of Western literature .
Despite its fancy pedigree , Romeo and Juliet is also considered to be one of Shakespeare 's most accessible works .
Along with Julius Caesar , it 's typically one of the first Shakespeare plays studied by Western students , who get a dose of Elizabethan theater , Shakespearean language , and , of course , love poetry .
And it 's not just a school favorite ; it 's an audience favorite , too .
Romeo and Juliet has been performed countless times by world - renowned theater companies and remains an audience favorite .
It 's also one of the most adapted plays of all time — Franco Zeffirelli made it into an Oscar winning film in 1968 and the play was also adapted into a Tony Award winning musical , West Side Story ( 1957 ) .
Romeo and Juliet has inspired countless pop lyrics , like Taylor Swift 's " Love Story , " Dire Straits ' " Romeo and Juliet , " and The Reflections ' doo - wop style " ( Just Like ) Romeo and Juliet . "
Almost any " forbidden love " stories can trace their genealogy back to Romeo and Juliet , from Wuthering Heights to Stephenie Meyer 's Twilight saga .
But is it really nothing more than a silly blockbuster ?
Is reading Romeo and Juliet the equivalent of students 400 years from now studying Love Actually ?
Famous seventeenth - century journaler Samuel Pepys dismissed the plays as " the worst that ever [ he ] heard in [ his ] life " ( source ) .
And even we have to admit that Romeo seems a lot more like an emo teenager than a man in the grips of immortal passion .
Well , you 're not going to wait around for us to tell you , are you ?
What is Romeo and Juliet About and Why Should I Care ?
A lot of people think the balcony scene is about as deep as a twelve - year - old interpretation of true love .
Boy meets girl , they stare into each other 's eyes and say a lot of poetic things .
Cue sappy music .
Anybody who makes it past the age of fourteen , of course , realizes that 's not what love is about .
Swearing undying commitment to each other fifteen minutes after they 've met is n't love — it 's infatuation .
But Romeo and Juliet is not just about what happens when two hormonal teenagers collide .
It 's clear to anyone who 's watched Engaged and Underaged that getting what you want out of young love is n't always all it 's cracked up to be .
The real moral of the story here is that sometimes love is doomed to fail , and that applies no matter how old you are and what time you 're living in .
Why ?
Because no one loves in a vacuum .
In the first few weeks of a love affair , you might feel like you and your lovah are in a world of your own — but pretty soon , reality comes crashing back .
You 've got homework to do , or jobs to go to ; parents breathing down your neck , or employers wondering why you keep calling in sick .
And that 's not even to mention your friends , who 've stopped inviting you to hang out .
But let 's say that you do stay together .
You marry your teenage sweetheart and set up house together .
Pretty soon , you 've got bills to pay , maybe kids to feed , or you 're the one who 's waking up at 6 AM to take the dog for a walk again .
Our point ?
Romeo and Juliet is at least partly a tragedy about the clash between private love ( you and your honey ) and public interest ( convenient marriages , or paying bills , or raising a family ) .
We may not have quite the same roadblocks that Romeo and Juliet have , but intense , passionate love can be just as antisocial in the 21st century as it was in the 16th century .
How do you negotiate the minefield ?
Well , hopefully better than Romeo and Juliet did .
Who read the newspaper today ?
You all read the news .
( No ) Then you 're going to love this , did you hear this ?
A bank reposessed OJ Simpson 's car to help pay off his debts .
That really happened .
( Why ? )
Why ?
I 'll tell you why .
Today he was spotted hitchhiking really slowly with Al Cowlings .
Richter :
It 's humiliating .
As much rationalization as you can do and say " they 're just children and they do n't know who I am , " you 've got 700 human beings on stage screaming at you " Boring ! " when you 're a performer and it 's your job to be interesting .
On August 8 , 1997 , the audience of Late Night with Conan O'Brien was made up entirely of eight - year - old children .
The episode in five parts : one four and five Andy Richter remembers on This American Life ( starting at 50 minutes ) .
O'Brien 's monologue began with the following joke : That joke , as well as much of the episode , provides evidence that the children were responding to the Applause sign with little sense of the meaning of the humor or the conventions of the talk show .
The show 's guests that night were comedian Dave Foley ( talking about a trip to Africa ) , animal expert Clyde Peeling , and business journalist Myron Kandel .
Throughout most of the episode 's traditional talk show content , it becomes apparent that the audience of children is increasingly bored .
Among other tasks , the children were responsible throughout the episode for fighting the Boredom Monster , a Godzilla - like figure shown live on tape , by screaming and applauding at boring guests .
As Richter recalls , the children eventually caught on and chanted " Boring , Boring ! " in an attempt to bring the monster on stage .
In particular , watch the episode for " Naughty Land " ( a holding cell for misbehaving children ) and the taped segment in which O'Brien gives the kids a tour of the studio .
This articles shows the information about 0x80300024 .
There are just many ...
Around this time of year the Raleigh Farmers ' Market in North Carolina abounds in sweet potatoes .
The state leads the country in sweet potato production — more than forty percent , in fact , of the national harvest .
In addition to the more familiar kinds , farmers sell varieties you 've probably never heard of .
Hernandez and Beauregard sweet potatoes , and my favorite , a variety called " White Batus , " which a nearby sign described as " very ugly but very sweet . "
I roasted all three varieties and found that while the Hernandez and Beauregard potatoes were mildly sweet with a moist orange flesh , the White Batus were exceptionally sweet with dense , creamy interiors .
After all that sweet potato shopping , I ate at the State Farmers ' Market Restaurant restaurant across the street .
They served a hefty portion of fish but sadly , it was dry .
The real attraction was the vegetable platter .
Deep - fried green tomatoes had a perfectly flavored and crisp coating .
I asked the waiter what was in the batter ( apparently , an all - purpose Atkinson 's mix ) .
The tomatoes themselves were juicy and refreshingly tart .
The field beans and pickled beets rounded out the platter .
For dessert , the peach cobbler was deeply crisped on the bottom , giving it a slightly sticky , caramelized appeal .
The restaurant 's buttery , fluffy biscuits are also worth ordering .
Before leaving the market I dropped by In The Red Farm and Dairy , a stand from a family - owned and run goat farm in Chinquapin , North Carolina .
They sell all kinds of goat cheeses and goat meat , but it was the homemade frozen goat 's milk custard that caught my eye .
The flavors rotate — that day it was banana .
If I had to live with just one banana dessert for the rest of my life , it would be this .
Extremely smooth and creamy , the custard was dense and had a subtle goat taste .
The banana flavor was fresh and balanced .
( Alaina said the farm also makes a banana pudding - flavored goat 's milk custard .
The idea alone has this Northerner wanting to return once the weather warms up . )
I 'm not sure Raleigh market is my favorite in the country , but it 's a pretty tough one to beat .
More North Carolina Eats
Allen & Son in Chapel Hill , North Carolina »
Sunrise Biscuit Kitchen in Chapel Hill , North Carolina »
Deep - Fried Gizzards at Wilber 's Barbecue and Currituck BBQ Company in Goldsboro , North Carolina »
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
( CNN ) -- British billionaire Richard Branson 's dream of space travel that thousands of people can afford took a leap toward reality with the maiden flight of the world 's first commercial spacecraft over California 's Mojave Desert .
Branson 's company Virgin Galactic announced Monday that the VSS Enterprise had successfully completed what it called a captive carry flight attached to a carrier plane .
The spacecraft 's developer called it a " momentous day . "
" The captive carry flight signifies the start of what we believe will be extremely exciting and successful spaceship flight test program , " said Burt Rutan , founder of Scaled Composites , which built the spacecraft .
The VSS Enterprise remained attached to its carrier aircraft for the duration of the 2 - hour , 54 - minute flight , reaching an altitude of 45,000 feet , according to a statement from Virgin .
Eventually , the 60 - foot long rocket plane will be taken 60,000 feet above the Earth by its carrier and fire rockets to propel itself into space .
The test - flight program is expected to continue through 2011 , going first to a free glide and then to a powered flight before commercial flights begin .
" Seeing the finished spaceship in December was a major day for us but watching VSS Enterprise fly for the first time really brings home what beautiful , ground - breaking vehicles Burt and his team have developed for us , " Branson said .
" Today was another major step along that road and a testament to U.S. engineering and innovation , " he said .
Virgin Galactic has envisioned one flight a week , with six tourists aboard .
Each will pay $ 200,000 for the ride and train for at least three days before going .
About 80,000 people have placed their names on the waiting list for seats .
" What we want to be able to do is bring space travel down to a price range where hundreds of thousands of people would be able to experience space , and they never dreamed that [ they ] could , " Branson said last year .
He has said he hopes the technology will lead to a new form of Earth travel , jetting people across oceans and continents faster through suborbital routes .
Dublin , Ireland ( CNN ) -- John Kelly was 14 years old when , he says , he lost his faith in God .
" I was taken down these stairs .
I only had a nightdress on .
It was pulled over my head .
I was left naked .
This 6 - foot , 4 - inch [ tall ] religious brother stood on my hands ... and another guy had a whip that we made ourselves , with coins in it .
And he would run from a distance to flog me , " Kelly remembers .
Kelly , now 59 , spent much of his childhood living in institutions run by Catholic orders in Ireland .
The abuse he remembers most vividly took place at a reformatory in Daingean , in central Ireland .
" It was a very significant night for me , " he says .
" I 'd been raped and buggered previously by these religious brothers , and I 'd been physically beaten and psychologically tortured for months -- I spent two years in the place . "
But Kelly reached a breaking point as one Catholic brother held him down , another whipped him and two others looked on , he says .
" I begged God to take me away .
I just wanted to die to get away from the pain .
And God was n't there for me , " he says .
Kelly 's " crime " that night , he says , was to have been named by another boy at the reformatory , falsely , as an accomplice in a plot to escape .
But Kelly did manage to escape from Daingean soon after , and spent more than 30 years in London before returning to Ireland .
Now he is campaigning on behalf of victims of child abuse .
Those victims number in the thousands -- possibly tens of thousands -- three major investigations in the past five years suggest .
The most recent , the Murphy Report , found the Archdiocese of Dublin and other Catholic Church authorities in Ireland covered up child abuse by priests from 1975 to 2004 .
Child sexual abuse was widespread then , the report found .
Liam McGlynn , a retired public official , thinks that it was no accident that so many child abusers found their way into the priesthood in Ireland .
The prevalence of the problem , he says , suggests that there were " people who were aware that the best place to abuse children was under the cover of the church .
What better cover could you hope for ? "
He emphasizes that that 's only his personal opinion , but he observes that an entire generation has been turned off by the scandal .
" Virtually no young people go to church .
The main churchgoers would be my generation , still , and older , " says McGlynn , who is 57 .
" The church has lost an entire generation . "
" I have n't been to church for quite some time .
My faith has been seriously damaged , " he adds .
He 's part of a much broader trend , says Patsy McGarry , religious affairs correspondent for the Irish Times newspaper .
More than 90 percent of Irish people attended mass at least once a week in the 1970s .
Today the figure is about half that , he says .
" The church has lost working - class urban Ireland , " he says .
The faithful were shocked and disgusted to learn that Irish bishops had covered up abuse in the name of protecting the church and its priests , he says .
For loyal Catholics , the most disappointing revelation , McGarry says , was " to have it exposed that bishops behaved in contravention of canon [ church ] law -- as was the case -- in contravention of civil law -- as was the case -- but also , and above all , in contravention of moral law .
It blew them out of the water . "
He saw proof of the change in attitude towards the Catholic Church just this week , he says , when he went to a St. Patrick 's Day parade in his hometown in rural Ireland .
" There were two bishops , a retired one and his successor , and there was none of the deference [ shown to them ] that would have been there when I was growing up in that same small town .
Deference to bishops has practically disappeared in Ireland , " he says .
That 's a very fundamental shift , he observes .
Once , bishops " had a unique status in Ireland , far higher than any government minister , " McGarry says .
" The bishop was a supreme being .
...
He had an unequaled and unchallenged status in Ireland , " he says .
" It 'll be quite some time " before the church regains its moral authority in Ireland , McGarry predicts .
" I mean , this is a deeply damaged institution because its behavior has been exposed as immoral . "
But the church will survive in some form , he says .
" If you 're asking me , is this the end of Roman Catholicism in Ireland , it is not .
What it is , is the end of a form of the Roman Catholic Church we 've had in Ireland for about 150 years , " he says .
From now on , the church will need to involve more women and more lay people , as opposed to clergy , in running its affairs , both as a response to the crisis and as a simple matter of demographics , given that a generation has turned its back on the church , McGarry says .
Pope Benedict XVI is due to intervene in the crisis within days .
He is expected to release his official statement on the abuse scandal Saturday , in the form of a pastoral letter to the Irish faithful .
Abuse victim John Kelly says the statement will need to be far - reaching indeed to satisfy him .
" We need him to say that he will get rid of all bishops and cardinals who were involved in the cover - up of the abuse of children and start again , " he says .
" If it means all the bishops and cardinals have to go from Ireland , so be it , " he says .
" Ireland would be a better place for it , and the church would certainly be a better place for it . "
Journalist Bridget Fallon in Dublin contributed to this report .
So why did we rescue this institution with a massive bailout ?
Elizabeth Warren , who chairs the Congressional Oversight panel of the TARP program , does n’t understand any more than taxpayers do .
This is another example of the malinvestment and zombie finance which bailouts have fostered .
Here ’s a question for you : if GMAC was a U.S. auto financing company , why was it speculating in mortgage finance … in Spain ?
That ’s what I was asking back in July :
I would love to know what GMAC is doing in the Spanish mortgage market .
Considering GMAC just got a second bailout in May , American taxpayers have the right to know what GMAC is doing and where .
Wrong country , wrong industry segment .
It ’s good to see Elizabeth Warren asking similar questions about the need to bailout GMAC in the video below .
It runs six minutes .
Pressure is growing on David Cameron to identify the mystery Tory MP who deliberately scuppered a landmark anti-poverty bill that could have stopped " vulture " bankers profiteering from the developing world 's debt burdens .
Debt campaigners have reacted in fury and disbelief to the killing of the bill and Labour MP Sally Keeble , one of the bill 's backers , has accused the Conservatives of " duplicity " by pretending to back the legislation and then sabotaging it at the last minute .
Campaigners are now calling on the leader of the opposition to clarify his view of the bill and asking whether the MP concerned will be identified .
The international development secretary , Douglas Alexander , has sent a letter to Cameron demanding an explanation .
The frustration has been compounded by the secrecy surrounding the events in the Commons last night .
During the reading , three Tory MPs were seen to huddle together on the benches before one shouted the word " object ! " , which under parliamentary procedure effectively stopped the bill passing .
Three Conservatives were in the chamber – Christopher Chope , Andrew Robathan and Simon Burns – but none has admitted intervening .
The Tory treasury spokesman , David Gauke , who was on the committee that debated the bill , insisted the Conservatives had wanted to see it go through and that the MPs , two of whom are Tory whips , did not have the support of the frontbench .
He said he did not know which one had made the objection .
" We have our suspicions , " he added .
" It is a pity .
Our view was let 's go with the bill but that was not to be .
Everyone recognises that this was a rushed process . "
But Keeble said that there had been plenty of time to debate the bill , both for two hours in the chamber and at committee stage .
" All concerns that had been raised had been dealt with and the bill had been watered down already as a compromise to the Conservatives , " she said .
" It 's blatantly obvious that this was duplicitous behaviour by the Conservatives whose commitment to international development is deeply suspect .
The three men went into a huddle and then no one can see who actually objects .
It 's disgraceful behaviour . "
Nick Dearden , director of Jubilee Debt Campaign , said : " It is an outrage that one MP has taken it upon himself to effectively kill a bill which has the support of the vast majority of the house .
His move will mean many of the poorest countries in the world will continue suffering at the hands of reckless and unethical investors .
" This action has destroyed the hopes of many people across the developing world that we might put an end to the appalling practice of vulture funds . "
Vulture funds buy up the debts of poor countries , often at a fraction of their face value , and pursue them through the international courts , in many instances despite agreements by other creditors to give the country debt relief .
Campaigners wanted the legislation to apply retrospectively , because it could help countries such as Liberia , which lost a £ 13 m case in London against two vulture funds late last year .
The Liberian president , Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , has urged parliament to pass the new law .
The scuppering came a day after the former Tanzanian president , Benjamin William Mkapa , backed the bill , saying : " I hope the international community joins hands to put an end to these deplorable activities of the vulture funds . "
The bill also has the support of Archbishop Desmond Tutu .
Andrew Gwynne the Labour MP who proposed the bill , said : " It is staggering the Conservatives are still unwilling to support even the most basic legislation . "
Two Thoughts About Online Weightlifting Competitions
Matt Foreman | Editorial | July 5 2020 | Comments
Last week , USA Weightlifting announced that the National Masters Championship in September will have to be run as an online competition .
Many of you have probably already heard abo ...
Last week , USA Weightlifting announced that the National Masters Championship in September will have to be run as an online competition .
Many of you have probably already heard abo ...
Continue reading
The Functionality of Isolation Exercises
Greg Everett | General Training | May 27 2020 | Comments ( 6 )
The refrain for several years now has been that isolation exercises are n’t “ functional . ”
The push for functional training has had a lot of positive influence on the way the general public exercises , but it ’s also produced some absolutel ...
The refrain for several years now has been that isolation exercises are n’t “ functional . ”
The push for functional training has had a lot of positive influence on the way the general public exercises , but it ’s also produced some absolutel ...
Continue reading
" ... forgive me jesting again , but the NDP is kind of proof that the Devil lives and interferes in the affairs of men . "
- Stephen Harper , 1997
( Via Lew @ The LRC Blog . )
In which Chairman Ron does his bit to fill the coffers of the U.S. Department of the Treasury :
… And that ’s why I ’m against fiscal conservatism .
Why the fuck would I think it ’s a good thing for the U.S. government to get back $ 100,000 more to spend on bailing out failed bankers or on hurting and killing innocent people ?
What I ’d like most is for that money to get back into the hands of innocent working people ( whether under the cover of Congressional featherbedding , or by any other means ) .
But failing that , we ’d still all be better off if Ron Paul took the $ 100,000 , piled it up on the National Mall , and set it all on fire , rather than giving it back to the United States Treasury .
At a time when Wall St is running wild , the national debt is $ 14 trillion , and the federal government is running $ 1.4 trillion deficits , Dr. Ron Paul ’s congressional office is running a surplus and paying back the American people .
No , he is n’t .
He ’s paying the American government .
The American people , if that means American people like you and me and our neighbors , will get back not one cent of it .
Instead , the money will go directly into the operational budget of the government that oppresses and robs us .
Of course , none of this is to say that I like big government spending .
But the problem with government spending is not the fact that money goes out of the Treasury ; it ’s that government spending is financed by expropriation from working people ( whether through direct taxation or through the effects of the financial - political complex ’s coercive money monopoly ) .
And that government spending goes to fund more expropriation and more violence — in the form of government wars , government borders , government surveillance , forced development schemes and eminent domain seizures , police brutality , prisons , tax - men , hang - men , or the arming , training , and employment of government law - enforcers to inflict their myriad unjust laws on the rest of us without our consent .
The problem , in short , is not government spending at all ; it ’s government violence .
But just giving surplus money back to the government , without doing anything to constrain the violence that the state commits — going out of your way to help government balance its budgets and get leaner and meaner in the use of the resources that it has on hand — is as nice an example as you could want of exactly the kind of stupid conservative trap that limited - statism passes off as if it had something to do with freedom .
See also :
With more than 300 Palestinian children being held in Israeli prisons , human rights groups and Palestinian officials are increasingly concerned about the actions of the Israeli military .
The Israeli group B'Tselem said that security forces had " severely violated " the rights of a number of children , aged between 12 and 15 , who had been taken into custody in recent months .
The family of one 13 - year - old boy from Hebron who was arrested on 27 February by a military patrol and detained for eight days have brought a legal case against the authorities .
The teenager , Al - Hasan Muhtaseb , described how he had been interrogated without a lawyer late into the night , forced to confess to throwing stones , made to sign a confession in Hebrew that he could n't read , jailed with adults and brought before a military court .
He was only released on bail eight days later , after considerable legal effort by several human rights groups .
As he had signed a confession , he still faces a possible indictment for throwing stones – a charge that usually brings several months in jail but carries a maximum penalty of 20 years ' jail .
Although most international attention focuses on diplomatic sparring in the Middle East , it is cases such as this teenager 's arrest that are the reality for Palestinians living under Israeli military occupation .
The surprise about the teenager 's experience is not that it is exceptional , but that it is a common occurrence .
As of the end of February , 343 Palestinian children were being held in Israeli prisons , according to Defence for Children International ( DCI ) , which took up the Muhtaseb case .
Israel routinely prosecutes Palestinian children as young as 12 and the Israeli legal system treats Palestinians as adults when they turn 16 , but Israelis become adults only at 18 .
Ill - treatment and torture of Palestinian children are " widespread , systematic and institutionalised " , DCI said in a report last year .
Al - Hasan Muhtaseb was arrested early in the afternoon as he and his 10 - year - old brother Amir were walking home through Hebron , in the occupied West Bank , after visiting their aunt .
" Two soldiers came to us and told us : ' Come over here . '
We went to them , " said Al - Hasan , a slight boy , neatly dressed , who barely looks his 13 years .
" They took my brother and I do n't know where they took him .
I was sent inside the station and I never saw him after that . "
They were detained separately .
Amir was released later that night , deeply traumatised .
" He was in a very , very bad psychological state , " said his father , Fadel Muhtaseb , 45 .
" He had wet himself .
He was terrified . "
The boy said he had been held with his eyes covered by a hat in a room where there was also a dog , which he could hear panting .
Al - Hasan was interrogated at an Israeli military post in Kiryat Arba , a Jewish settlement in Hebron .
" I was asked : ' Did you throw stones ?
Did you hurt the soldiers or hit their vehicles ?
How close were you to the soldiers ?
Why were you throwing stones ? ' , " he said .
Eventually he had admitted throwing stones , although in an interview last week Al - Hasan said it was untrue : on that day he had not thrown stones , although earlier in the week he had .
He had been made to sign a statement in Hebrew , a language he does n't speak or read .
He was blindfolded and taken to Ofer military prison , where he arrived at 3.30 am .
" There were no other children , " he said .
" I was afraid . "
Three days after his arrest he appeared at a military court .
But his father , who works as a tiler , could not afford the 2,000 shekels ( £ 350 ) bail .
" My father told them he could n't pay this much money , " said Al - Hasan .
His father , who sat next to him through the interview , burst into tears .
Last Sunday the boy was freed under a bail arrangement in which his father faces arrest if his son does not appear at the next summons .
" Even if he were throwing stones , he is only 13 , " said Fadel .
" They treated him like a terrorist .
They claim they are democratic and human , but they are not . "
The Israeli Defence Force defended the arrest , saying Israeli troops were acting to prevent violence .
Both boys are now incontinent and Amir has been hospitalised .
" He wakes up in the middle of the night screaming , " said Fadel .
" We try to comfort him , but he 's getting worse and worse . "
The Palestinian Authority highlighted the case of the two Muhtaseb brothers , saying Israel was breaching international law and has recently seemed to take a stronger stance against the more routine challenges of the occupation , including the effect of the West Bank barrier .
Israeli security forces have warned of a broader crackdown if the protests escalate .
The presentation of Prof. Chartier ’s argument that ‘ freed markets are anti-capitalist ’ posted here .
Part One ( 9:22 ) :
Part Two ( 10:58 ) :
Part Three ( 2:03 ) :
Gary Chartier is an associate professor of law and business ethics and associate dean of the School of Business at La Sierra University , author of Economic Justice and Natural Law and the forthcoming The Conscience of an Anarchist as well as articles in journals including the Oxford Journal of Legal Studies , Legal Theory , Religious Studies , and the Journal of Social Philosophy , and a contributor to the Center for a Stateless Society .
He holds a Ph.D. from the University of Cambridge and a J.D. from the UCLA .
Platform game .
Retro look .
40 levels .
The Android mascot as the main character .
Free .
If you 're an Android fanboy or fangirl , you have to play Replica Island .
Do n't expect to buttsmash any iPhones , though .
[ Replica Island via Replica Island ]
Advertisement
Brain scans revealed which event a person was remembering Scientists say they have been able to tell which past event a person is recalling using a brain scan .
The University College London researchers showed people film clips and were able to predict which ones they were subsequently thinking about .
The research , published in Current Biology , provides insight into how memories are recorded .
The authors hope the findings will ultimately contribute to development of treatments for memory loss .
Previous research has shown brain scans can predict simpler thought processes such as distinguishing between colours , objects or places .
The UCL researchers say recalling memories of past events is a more complex process .
Everyday memories
The study builds on a previous discovery by the same team that they could tell where a person was standing in a virtual reality room using a brain scan .
" In our previous experiment , we were looking at basic memories , at someone 's location in an environment , " says Professor Maguire , from the Wellcome Trust Centre for Neuroimaging at UCL , who led the study .
" What is more interesting is to look at ' episodic ' memories - the complex , everyday memories that include much more information on where we are , what we are doing and how we feel . "
Now that we are developing a clearer picture of how our memories are stored , we hope to examine how they are affected by time , the ageing process and by brain injury
Professor Eleanor Maguire , UCL
The researchers asked 10 volunteers to watch three short film clips of people doing everyday activities such a posting a letter or throwing a coffee cup in a bin .
The volunteers were then asked to remember each of the films in turn while inside a specialist MRI scanner , which recorded brain activity that was then studied by a computer programme .
First time
The researchers found that in subsequent scanning sessions , the computer algorithm could predict which film the volunteers were thinking about from the pattern of their brain activity .
They said it was the first time that brain scans had been used to distinguish between memories of past events .
Experts praised the research .
Richard Morris , professor of neuroscience at the University of Edinburgh , said : " These findings are a really valuable advance on traditional ways of analysing brain images .
They look not just at the strength of the signal , but the actual pattern of activity across the brain .
" By doing this in memory areas , it is possible for the first time to distinguish one memory from another - even if both memories are equally strong . "
The computer algorithm does n't really ' read ' memories - it merely distinguishes one from another .
Professor Richard Morris , Glasgow University
But he pointed out that the research does not mean it is possible to literally know what a person is remembering .
" The computer algorithm does n't really ' read ' memories - it merely distinguishes one from another . "
He said the findings could lead to a whole range of interesting developments .
" All manner of next steps come to mind - such as distinguishing a true memory from a false one , or a recent memory from one long ago . "
The scientists say their research contributes to an understanding of how memories are formed and recalled .
They hope it will eventually help develop treatments for people with memory loss though ageing or brain injury .
Dr Susanne Sorensen , Alzheimer 's Society 's head of research said : " This research is interesting because it tells us more about how memories are stored and recalled in normal healthy people .
" It is not directly related to the study of the memory problems that are one of the symptoms of dementia , but the methods developed in this study may in the longer term help us investigate what goes wrong in brains that are developing the diseases which cause dementia . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Warner Music Shoots Self In Head ; Says No More Free Streaming
from the you - can 't - be- serious dept
" Free streaming services are clearly not net positive for the industry and as far as Warner Music is concerned will not be licensed .
" The ' get all your music you want for free , and then maybe with a few bells and whistles we can move you to a premium price ' strategy is not the kind of approach to business that we will be supporting in the future . "
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
A few years back , it seemed like Warner Music actually had a better handle on where the music industry was heading than its 3 major label rivals .
In the last two years , however , it seems like WMG has consistently gone further and further in the opposite direction .
It may have hit a new low today with the announcement that it will pull out of all free streaming music licensing offers .
Yes , Warner Music just told thethat was effectively competing with unauthorized downloads to shove off .
Brilliant .
And thus , WMG will go out of business that much more quickly .
That is the model that the market is moving to , and Bronfman and WMG appear to have decided to ignore what the market wants , to cover their eyes , stick fingers in their ears and go down with a ship that could easily be righted .
Incredible .
Now , Warner may be a bit gun-shy after its investment in iMeem ( a free online music streaming service ) became a total disaster , but what Warner does n't seem to realize is that a big part ofit failed was the ridiculous demands Warner put on iMeem in terms of how much it demanded in payment per stream .
The problem is that WMG has totally unrealistic expectations of how much money should be paid per stream , and that 's because the company 's top execs still do n't seem to handle basic economic modeling particularly well .
And thus , the company will fail .
You do n't compete with " free " by taking your ball and going home .
You do n't compete with " free " by pretending that old artificial scarcities are coming back after the wall has been broken down .
You do n't compete with " free " by suing customers .
You do n't compete with " free " by shunning those who have business models that work .
You compete with free by offering a better product and a better business model .
WMG is choosing to go in the other direction .
Best of luck to them ...
Filed Under : business models , edgar bronfman jr. , free , licensing , music , strategy , streaming music
Companies : imeem , last .fm , spotify , warner music group , we7
The greek scholar Diodorus Siculus wrote of the mythical double - sexed Hermaphroditus : " Some say [ he ] is a god and ... has a body which is beautiful and delicate like that of a woman , but has the masculine quality and vigour of a man .
But there are some who declare that such creatures of two sexes are monstrosities , and coming rarely into the world as they do , have the quality of presaging the future , sometimes for evil and sometimes for good . "
Throughout history , those born with both male and female physical features have been beset by society 's interpretations of them as freaks ( The Lancet branded a British hermaphrodite " a disgusting spectacle " in 1834 ) , prophets ( the part - male / part - female character Tiresias in Oedipus Rex and Antigone was a clairvoyant ) , or both .
What they 've seldom been allowed to do is just get on with their lives .
Even in modern times , tales of " intersexed individuals " , as they are now known , are often tinged with melancholy .
In 1998 , a Sunday newspaper reported on the " desperately lonely existence " of Linda Roberts , who was " spat at and stoned " in a village in Snowdonia for her androgynous appearance .
Last year , the South African track athlete Caster Semenya , then just 18 , was subjected to chromosome testing and a humiliating media furore when it was discovered she had no ovaries or uterus , as well as unusually high testosterone levels .
The International Association of Athletic Federations remains undecided on whether she is " really a woman " , and has suspended her from competing in major sporting events , including last weekend 's World Indoor Championships in Qatar , until a verdict is reached .
Semenya has no desire to be a pioneer for the intersex community ; she simply wants to concentrate on her running .
But there are countless others who are calling for increased recognition of their status , as well as for a moratorium on the practice of " sex reassignment surgery " of intersexed infants .
Intersexuality presents itself in numerous different forms , occurring both in individuals with a standard karyotype ( the chromosomal make - up of the body 's cells ) of 46 , XX ( female ) or 46 , XY ( male ) , as well as in those with more unusual karyotype combinations such as 47 , XXY or 47 , XYY .
In one of the most common conditions , Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia ( CAH ) , overactive adrenal glands can cause a female foetus with XX chromosomes to " over - virilise " , developing anything from a large clitoris to a fully formed phallus , while the rarer Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome ( AIS ) can cause a male foetus with XY chromosomes to " under - virilise " , developing only a partially formed penis and testes .
Until recently , the overwhelming response among doctors was to surgically " correct " a baby 's ambiguous genitalia on the grounds that he / she would , in later life , be stigmatised by these unconventional appendages .
From the 1960s , it became common practice to trim down an enlarged clitoris , and to fashion a malformed penis into a vagina .
The line among surgeons was allegedly : " It 's easier to dig a hole than build a pole . "
Intersexed babies with XY chromosomes have therefore frequently been " reassigned " as female , with parents advised to raise them as girls , and oestrogen pills administered to induce female puberty .
This is largely due to the hugely influential 1960s " optimal gender policy " of psychologist John Money , and his famous assertion that nurture could override nature .
The prevalence of corrective surgery is in part responsible for our general ignorance about intersexuality , which is far more widespread than most of us realise ; the number of live births displaying " genital dimorphism " is estimated at approximately one in every 2,000 .
That means there could be as many as 30,000 intersexed people currently living in Britain , a figure that becomes even greater when taking into account all those who only discover their condition at puberty , or when they try to have children .
As the renowned professor of neurology and intersex expert Dr Milton Diamond puts it : " Nature loves variety .
Unfortunately , society hates it . "
" Our constant pursuit of perfection has left many children infertile , with their gender identity stolen , " argues Dr Jay Hayes - Light , a specialist in child mental health and the director of the campaigning organisation the UK Intersex Association ( UKIA ) , which formed in 2000 .
" There 's this fear that if we have women with large clitorises and men with small penises , it 'll be the end of civilisation as we know it .
In fact , the individuals who end up most damaged are those who are surgically altered , without their permission , to suit someone else 's agenda . "
Why ?
Because as well as the physical downsides – " reducing a clitoris carries the risk of permanent loss of sensitivity , while reducing a phallus and removing the testes destroys the child 's fertility " – Hayes - Light insists that gender cannot simply be reconfigured through surgery and hormone treatment .
His own studies of individuals who were reassigned as infants , some of whom have eventually transitioned back to their original gender , and some of whom have committed or attempted suicide , have convinced him that " sex is between the legs while gender is between the ears .
Most people are ' hard - wired ' to a gender identity , whether this is male , female or something in between . "
Hayes - Light , now 48 , was himself born with an extremely rare intersex condition , 5 - Alpha - Reductase Deficiency ( 5 - ARD ) , in which the chromosomes are XY , but the body is unable to convert testosterone to dihydrotestosterone , which is necessary for the formation of full male genitalia .
" This was the early 1960s ; I was a lab rat , a medical curiosity .
What saved me from being poked and prodded – and operated on – was the fact that my mother was a doctor . "
Advised that he would be " a very happy little girl " , Hayes - Light 's mother nevertheless declined surgery for her son .
But she agreed to try raising him as female , and did so until he was 10 .
" I was then asked if I wanted to take oestrogen tablets , to push my body through a female puberty , " he remembers .
" I refused . "
Despite this troubled and confusing start to life , Hayes - Light considers himself one of the lucky ones : " I shudder to think what I 'd be like now if I 'd been forced to transition . "
Adele Addams was n't given such a choice .
Born in the late 1970s , she has Klinefelter 's Syndrome , so is XXY ; chromosomally neither male nor female , in other words .
Her parents were encouraged to assign her as male , and surgery was performed immediately .
In her mind , this was " the wrong decision " .
After a difficult childhood and adolescence – " I eventually went into care , as my family could n't cope with what was supposed to be a boy but looked and sounded more like a girl " – she began living as a gay man .
Yet this did n't feel right either , and three years ago , after " a lot of fighting " , she was granted NHS surgery to make her body female .
Now 31 , she finally feels that " it 's all come good " , and is passionate about empowering others to define their own gender .
Last year she set up Project Silverfish , a support service for intersex and transgender people , whom she describes as " the most marginalised minority community in London " .
Named after her friend , the transgender DJ and music producer Alex Silverfish , who committed suicide in 2008 following years of harassment , the project offers its users practical advice and advocacy , and has just launched its first therapeutic support sessions .
It also delivers training to charities and social services .
Addams , who last December won a Home Office Community Engagement Award for her work , explains that while transgenderism and intersexuality are not the same ( the former is not a medical condition ) , " it 's not uncommon for trans people to discover later in life that they 're intersex " .
This was what happened to Alexandra Tovey , aged 37 .
From an early age , she felt she was " born with a female brain , but a male body " , yet her intersex condition – Partial Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome ( PAIS ) – was only diagnosed last year .
She 'd already been living as a woman for several years , and the news , she says , " made things make more sense " .
Now enjoying " being the 16 - year - old girl I was n't allowed to be when I really was 16 " , and awaiting a full sex - change operation , Tovey , a singer - songwriter , expresses herself through music .
She 's released 18 albums since 1992 , and many of her lyrics reflect her experiences as both a trans and intersexed person .
The actress and playwright Sarah Leaver is also using art " to expose what lives between the lines " .
Her play , Memoirs of a Hermaphrodite , currently running at London 's Oval House Theatre , tells the true story of Herculine Barbin , a 19th - century intersexed Parisian whose musings were published by the French philosopher - sociologist Michel Foucault in 1980 .
Barbin began life as a girl , but faced misunderstanding and contempt when she fell in love with another woman , and was later discovered to have both male and female genitalia .
Forced to become a man , she descended into depression and poverty , and died in tragic circumstances .
Thankfully , Leaver 's own tale is far happier .
" I 've always felt in between the genders , " she says .
" As a kid I wore boy 's pants , played football , and ran around with my top off . "
Having supportive parents meant this was rarely an issue , and it was only in her teens and twenties that she started to question her identity : " I did n't feel I was in the wrong body , but I knew there was something that made me different . "
Six years ago , after watching a documentary on intersexuality , she asked her GP to check her medical history .
It transpired that an operation she'd had as a toddler in 1977 to remove a " hernia " had in fact been to remove a male gonad – but neither she nor her parents had ever been informed .
" It was like finding the missing piece in a jigsaw , " she recalls .
" Part of me was relieved , and part of me was really angry .
Why had the doctors hidden this from me ? "
Despite her anger , Leaver , who is now 34 , regards herself as pretty fortunate .
Her condition – she has n't yet sought a specific diagnosis – is at the mild end of the intersex spectrum , as she has XX chromosomes , ovaries and periods , and has experienced few health problems .
Through the play , she 's turned her frustration into " a force for change " , and hopes others will do the same : " More and more people are speaking out about being intersexed , and the time feels right for celebrating and embracing our differences ; not hiding them away . "
" We need to be able to live as ourselves , " agrees Addams , " which means making room for more than two genders . "
Tovey echoes this sentiment : " I 've always felt very female , but I know others who identify with both sides , who feel ' in between ' .
They need acceptance , too . "
Hayes - Light , though respectful of the wishes of those who want to be considered " gender - neutral " , stresses that they are a minority : " Although some physically intersex people choose not to identify as either male or female , most do identify as either one or the other . "
When it comes to operating , all four of these case histories concur that modifying infants ' genitals for anything other than a medical necessity is wrong .
And it appears that even the medical experts have started to come round to this view .
In 2001 , the British Association of Paediatric Surgeons ( BAPS ) recommended that babies with ambiguous genitals should not be given corrective surgery , and should be left to decide their own gender eventually .
Things seem to be moving on in other fields too .
" In the 10 years since UKIA was founded , we 've started to see far fewer cases involving secrecy and cover - up [ such as that experienced by Leaver ] , " says Hayes - Light .
" We 've also succeeded in getting intersex included in the 2004 Gender Recognition Act .
And we 've seen major changes in social attitudes , with more balanced media reporting , too . "
Yet there 's still a long way to go .
" Society is becoming more open - minded , but most people still have n't heard of the word ' intersex ' , and gender variance remains the last taboo in our culture , " maintains Addams .
Despite the recommendation of BAPS , surgery on intersexed babies still goes on , both in Britain and many other countries .
Leaver looks forward to a time " when intersexed people are no longer viewed with disdain or pity , and the world does n't cling so much to ' male ' and ' female ' " .
No one can predict the future , but it does seem as though our culture is becoming , albeit slowly , less rigid about gender roles , and more accepting of unconventionality in general .
It can only be hoped that it 's a sign that we 're beginning to respect , and even learn from , the individuals we would once have relegated to circus sideshows , and later to operating theatres .
As the writer and psychotherapist Amy Bloom sums up : " Not monsters , nor marvels , nor battering rams for gender theory , people born intersexed have given the rest of the world an opportunity to think more about the odd significance we give to gender , about the elusive nature of truth , about the understandable , sometimes dangerous human yearning for simplicity – and we might , in return offer them medical care only when they need it , and a little common sense and civilised embrace when they do n't . "
Or , in the simple , succinct words of Dr Milton Diamond : " Let 's see if we can change society , not nature . "
Mr Boahene wants little Silvio to become president of Italy or Ghana
A Ghanaian immigrant to Italy has named his son after Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , despite his government 's tough policy on immigration .
Anthony Boahene told an Italian newspaper : " I like the way Berlusconi talks , the way he moves . "
Asked about Mr Berlusconi's tough stance on immigration , he said : " It 's fine , laws need to be observed . "
Mr Boahene said he would like his son Silvio to study politics and to become president of Ghana or Italy .
Mr Boahene , 36 , came to Italy in 2002 .
His son was born in 2005 in Accra and has only recently joined his father in the northern Italian city of Modena .
There has been no word from Mr Berlusconi the elder about his young namesake , but his opponents are likely to take the view that one Silvio Berlusconi in Italy is more than enough , says the BBC's Duncan Kennedy in Rome .
Today BioWare unveils another planet for Star Wars : The Old Republic , and I think that it ’s probably the most intriguing planet to date : Voss .
If you ’ve never heard that name then it ’s because it ’s a wholly new planet .
Here ’s the official news :
We ’re thrilled to announce not only the next planet to be featured in Star Wars : The Old Republic ™ but also a planet never - before - seen in the Star Wars™ mythos : Voss .
An alien species resides on the mysterious world of Voss and is said to have an incredible aptitude for the Force .
These Voss Mystics – rumored to be enigmatic healers as well as seers – struggle to protect their utopian society from annihilation .
Discover the secrets of Voss as you are forced time and again to choose between maintaining the appearance of neutrality so important to your leaders or striking against your enemies while you have the chance .
Access the HoloNet records to learn more about the darkness at the heart of Voss .
Encounter the narrow trails and wide rock shelves in this video and visit the media section for never - before - seen screenshots , concept art , and wallpapers depicting the madness and despair creeping through the lands .
Those Voss Mystics sounds very interesting ; I particularly love this bit from the description : “ The Voss Mystics are Force users of incredible power .
Both the Sith and Jedi agree on this one point .
The Voss do not . ”
I hope that they ’ll play this off as a “ The Jedi / Sith might think they know everything , but the Voss prove them wrong ” ” .
Guess I have a think for less ( technologically ) advanced species having a deeper understanding of the universe then the advanced ones .
Anyway , with the mystics and the the species in conflict with each other it ’s certain to make for an interesting planet .
Oh , and there ’s a new wallpaper as well .
Not really the most appealing choice for one ( I think this would ’ve made a better choice ) , but either way :
That makes twelve planets so far .
Based on elements from the stories of Mark Twain , this feature - length Claymation fantasy follows the adventures of Tom Sawyer , Becky Thatcher and Huck Finn as they stowaway aboard the interplanetary balloon of Mark Twain .
Twain , disgusted with the human race , is intent upon finding Halley 's Comet and crashing into it , achieving his " destiny . "
It 's up to Tom , Becky , and Huck to convince him that his judgment is wrong and that he still has much to offer humanity that might make a difference .
Their efforts are n't just charitable ; if they fail , they will share Twain 's fate .
Along the way , they use a magical time portal to get a detailed overview of the Twain philosophy , observing the " historical " events that inspired his works .
Written by Doug Ferrar < DAFerrar@ix.netcom.com >
The RNC is meeting this week in Hawaii ( wait , I thought Hawaii was " exotic " and not a real state ) .
It is considering adopting a 10 - point purity test for all candidates .
Candidates must agree on at least eight of 10 to receive national committee funding .
Assuming the thing is adopted .
I find it worth noting that pledge point two for potential candidates is :
We support market - based health care reform and oppose Obama - style government run healthcare .
In other words , if this passes , it will be an official point of GOP policy that candidates have to oppose Obama 's healthcare bill .
This is the party Obama is not doing enough to work with ?!
Of course , some will argue , well , they must support only eight of 10 , not all 10 , so some candidates can support Obamacare and still get party funding .
Yeah , right .
The Supreme Court is set to examine whether of a piece of the USA Patriot Act , one of the most effective laws in the government ’s arsenal against terrorism , violates constitutional protections of free speech and association .
On Tuesday , the high court will hear oral argument in a case challenging what some critics say is a version of modern - day McCarthyism : prosecuting people for who they associate with rather than any personal criminal conduct .
The law makes it a crime to provide “ material support ” to a known terrorist organization .
It is designed to isolate terrorists by making it more difficult for them to receive assistance , services , and recruits .
But critics say the government has adopted such a broad reading of “ material support ” that even peace activists working to persuade a terror group to pursue nonviolent methods of political change would themselves be liable for up to 15 years in prison for providing “ support ” to terrorists .
“ [ The law ] imposes criminal liability on speech and association without any showing that the speaker intended to incite or promote terrorist activity in any way , ” writes Georgetown Law Professor David Cole in his brief to the court on behalf those challenging the law .
“ On the government ’s reading , the statute makes speech a crime , even if the speaker succeeds in reducing resort to violence by encouraging peaceful resolution of conflict , ” he says .
Since 2001 , an estimated 150 individuals have been charged with providing material support to a designated terror group .
Roughly half of them have been convicted .
In her brief to the court , Solicitor General Elena Kagan said the material support statute was “ one of this nation ’s most valuable and vital tools in the fight against international terrorism . ”
She added that Congress did not require a showing that an individual possessed specific intent to further a terrorist organization ’s unlawful plans .
Instead , she said , all the government must prove is that the defendant knew that the recipient of his or her assistance engages in terrorism or had been designated by the US government as a terrorist organization .
If the aid was rendered as part of some concerted action with the group , the individual committed the crime of helping terrorists .
On the other hand , if the effort was part of a completely independent action apart from the organization , then , in theory , there ’s no legal liability .
The case , Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project , arose in the context of human rights and peace activists who were working with members of the Kurdistan Workers ’ Party ( PKK ) and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) .
In 1997 , the US government officially designated both organizations as terror groups .
Then , after the Sept. 11 attacks , Congress broadened the material support statute , substantially expanding opportunities to prosecute anyone deemed to have provided assistance to a group on the US terror list .
The Humanitarian Law Project and others filed suit challenging the law .
They said since they were only involved in fostering peace , they could not be prosecuted for assisting a designated terror group .
The government disagreed .
At issue is how broadly or narrowly the high court will interpret the scope of what constitutes material support .
If the majority justices adopt the broad reading favored by the government , it will make it substantially easier for federal prosecutors to charge and convict individuals who are observed associating with terror group members but for whom there is no specific evidence of a link to a terror plot .
If , on the other hand , the majority justices embrace a narrow reading of the statute , it will require federal agents to dig deeper or continue surveillance longer to build a more solid case against someone suspected of helping a terror group .
----
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook .
According to independent technology research company Forrester , Windows 7 early adopters were very satisfied upgraders .
We 're curious : Would you count yourself in that group ?
Advertisement
Lifehacker readers are generally pretty up to date on things like new operating systems , but Forrester 's research shows that by the end of last year , most consumers were aware of Windows 7 , and people who updated in the last quarter of 2009 were extremely satisfied with their Windows 7 upgrade .
Back in November , over 40 % of Lifehacker readers had already upgraded to Windows 7 as their main operating system , making it the most popular OS among our readership .
Presumably that number has only grown , so we 're wondering :
What 's Your Main Operating System ?
Windows 7 has only been out for about two weeks now , but statistics web site StatCounter reports …
Read more
Advertisement
Got more specific praise or complaints you want to share about Windows 7 ?
Let 's hear it in the comments .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Windows 7 Early Adopters Were Satisfied Upgraders [ Forrester Blog via The Windows Blog ]
The first iPad reviews are in and so far they 're sounding pretty great with very few reservations .
Here are the highlights of what the early reviewers are saying :
The WSJ's Walt Mossberg is in love with the iPad 's interface and design :
The iPad is an advance in making more - sophisticated computing possible via a simple touch interface on a slender , light device .
Only time will tell if it's a real challenger to the laptop and netbook .
Advertisement
USA Today 's Edward Baig was impressed :
Apple has pretty much nailed it with this first iPad , though there 's certainly room for improvement .
Nearly three years after making a splash with the iPhone , Apple has delivered another impressive product that largely lives up to the hype .
Advertisement
NYT 's David Pogue was sure to clarify just where the device excels :
The iPad is not a laptop .
It 's not nearly as good for creating stuff .
On the other hand , it 's infinitely more convenient for consuming it - books , music , video , photos , Web , e-mail and so on .
For most people , manipulating these digital materials directly by touching them is a completely new experience - and a deeply satisfying one .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
PC Mag's Tim Gideon also realizes the iPad 's limitations , but praises it nonetheless :
Is the iPad a perfect product ?
No .
And the omissions will give the anti-Apple crowd plenty of ammo .
Why do I need this extra device that 's not a full - fledged laptop ?
Where 's the camera ?
What about Flash ?
Um , how about multitasking ?
These are all valid complaints , but one thing I can say about most Apple products , and certainly the iPad :
There may be things it does n't do , but what it does do , it does remarkably well .
Aside from the aforementioned limitations , there is n't a lot else to gripe about .
And to my great surprise , you can actually get real work done with the iPad .
Advertisement
The Houston Chronicle 's Bob " Dr. Mac " LeVitus agrees with our thoughts that the iPad is a whole new category of mobile devices :
It turns out the iPad is n't as much a laptop replacement as I thought ( though it could easily be used as one ) .
Instead , it 's an entirely new category of mobile device .
For example , now when I want to surf the Web from the couch or back deck , the iPad is the device I choose .
Starbucks ?
Same thing .
Think of the iPad as a new arrow in your technology quiver , an arrow that will often be the best tool for a given task .
I had high expectations for the iPad , and it has met or exceeded most of them .
BoingBoing 's Xeni Jardin was thinking ahead while trying out the device :
Maybe the most exciting thing about iPad is the apps that are n't here yet .
The book - film - game hybrid someone will bust out in a year , redefining the experience of each , and suggesting some new nouns and verbs in the process .
Or an augmented reality lens from NASA that lets you hold the thing up to the sky and pinpoint where the ISS is , next to what constellation , read the names and see the faces of the crew members , check how those fuel cells are holding up .
I like it a lot .
But it 's the things I never knew it made possible - to be revealed or not in the coming months - that will determine whether I love it .
Advertisement
The Chicago Sun-Times ' Andy Ihnatko thought the iPad lived up to all the excitement and hype :
The iPad user experience is instantly compelling and elegant .
It 's not every computer and every function .
It 's a computer that 's designed for speed , mobility , and tactile interaction above all other considerations .
Advertisement
The Root 's Omar Wasow thinks the iPad has something for everyone :
Apple pulled off a remarkable balancing act in that it has designed the iPad in such a way that in can simultaneously appeal to both newbies and nerds .
For low - tech users looking for an affordable entry - level PC , the iPad is a computer without all the distractions . [...]
For the tech - savvy with $ 500 to drop on a gadget , the iPad offers a convenient way to consume and enjoy digital media without being tethered to a computer all day .
The March 4th statewide education protests had their positive impact – sympathetic media attention on the plight of California ’s public schools .
But education ’s not the only thing under siege – Schwarzenegger has eliminated state funding for public transit , as we see San Francisco ’s Muni collapse in front of our eyes .
Health care has been slashed , and in - home supportive services are under assault .
Anyone reliant on state government in any way is in crisis mode , as California is falling further down a cliff .
Progressives have talked about getting rid of the “ two - thirds rule ” for years , but it must be done in a way that can win .
And in this recession , voters wo n’t make it easier for Sacramento to raise taxes – no matter how fair and well thought out they are .
Voters only support taxes if they know they wo n’t be paying them – which is why we should pass specific measures like the oil severance tax at the ballot box .
As for getting rid of two - thirds for passing a state budget , the California Democratic Party has just made it easier to collect signatures – everyone must get involved now .
I took time last Thursday to watch the education rally in front of San Francisco City Hall , which was being replicated all over the state .
The usual suspects were out in full force , but what was truly inspiring was to see so many high school and college kids out there – many of whom had never gone to a political protest before .
I had the same thought one week earlier , when hundreds of angry bus riders swarmed City Hall to protest Muni fare hikes – prompting the MTA spokesman to say : “ I ’ve never seen anything like this .
We should all get on buses and go to Sacramento . ”
Clearly , California ’s at a tipping point .
But going to Sacramento probably wo n’t cut it .
Our state ’s political institutions have failed us miserably – and a vocal Republican minority in the legislature ( along with our arrogant Governor ) are not likely to be swayed by another Day of Action .
It reminds me of what George Bush said back in 2003 , when we saw unprecedented protests against going to war in Iraq – an estimated two million people taking to the streets on a single day .
“ I do n’t listen to focus groups , ” he said .
Will these Republicans be any different ?
We need structural change , and getting rid of the two - thirds vote requirement to pass a budget needs to be the # 1 priority .
But for months , we ’ve seen activists who support this goal divided on tactics – some support George Lakoff ’s initiative to get a majority rule for both the budget and revenue , while others insist that taxes are a political non-starter .
If the latest Field Poll is any indication , it will be hard getting a majority budget – let alone revenue solutions .
Until now , I ’ve been reluctant to take sides – because I did n’t see those pushing for the “ pragmatic ” route being very pro-active , as opposed to criticizing activists for being too idealistic .
At least the Lakoff supporters were out there collecting signatures , even if the odds seemed long .
But now unions are stepping in to build support for a majority budget , and the California Democratic Party has made it much easier to get rank - and - file activists to get involved .
All you need to do is go to their website at www.ca-dem.org, and you can download the petition yourself .
The Party asks us to turn in signatures by April 1st – so we only have a few weeks to get busy .
As I ’ve argued before , we will never get majority - rule for the state budget without taking the fight out of Sacramento – convincing voters that they ca n’t afford not to change the status quo .
The fact that our public schools are dangerously close to being 50th in the nation in per-pupil spending , and that we have thousands of newly politicized students , parents and teachers ready to join the fight is the ideal time to get structural change .
Granted , a majority - vote budget without taxes will not bring the state any new revenue .
But while we need to also pass targeted taxes , voters are not going to give the unpopular state legislature more power to raise taxes in general .
Which does not mean that voters oppose all tax increases – just the ones they ’re afraid will affect them .
As a PPIC poll showed last year , Californians support an oil severance tax , raising the vehicle license fee and the corporate tax , increasing the upper - income tax bracket and many support an alcohol tax .
Which is why a sensible strategy would be to put up these current measures on the ballot for the voters to approve them .
Right now , progressive groups are mobilizing to pass an oil severance tax to fund public education – but they ’re doing it through the legislature .
AB 656 by Assemblyman Alberto Torrico is good public policy , but does anyone think the Republicans – who refuse to support a single tax increase whatsoever , and come from districts where they get rewarded for such behavior – will support it to get two - thirds ?
If we ca n’t get a simple majority for raising taxes in the legislature , we can still put AB 656 on the ballot – while in the meantime get a simple majority for passing the budget .
It ’s those kinds of incremental ( and winnable ) moves we need to get us out of this mess .
Paul Hogarth
Republished with permission from BeyondChron .
JIm Moran confronted the protesters , prompting staff to step between them .
Staff held Moran back from protesters
Tea party activists nearly messed with the wrong congressman when they got into it with Rep. Jim Moran ( D - Va. ) in his Capitol office Sunday .
Moran , a thickly built Virginian with a temper that runs hot on occasion , was summoned from his inner office by the noise of angry protesters interacting with his staff , according to the congressman 's account .
Advertisement
He confronted the protesters , prompting staff to step between them and the activists to ask whether Moran needed " bodyguards " to protect him .
" We 're not protecting him from you , we 're protecting you from him , " a staffer explained , according to Moran .
Moran once threatened to punch his predecessor , Stan Parris , and has been known to lose his temper at other times .
He said the activists were attempting to intimidate him and his aides .
The incident , while humorous in its own way , is part of a pattern of confrontations between opponents of the new health care law and lawmakers that has included epithets referring to race and sexual orientation , death threats and vandalism .
Federal and Capitol law enforcement officers briefed Democratic House members on threats at a caucus meeting Wednesday .
This article tagged under : Tea Party
Jim Moran
By the time you read this my Nokia N900 will be packed up and on its way back to the kind folks who let me test it .
As a last hurrah I spent my evening yesterday seeing how far I could push it ; the results are fairly spectacular …
I had read previously about installing . deb files using something called “ red pill mode “ ; this is no longer possible , but in its place is a fantastic app called Easy Debian which does exactly what its title would suggest .
Easy Debian is basically a virtual machine for your N900 .
It does n’t require a dual - boot like Wubi , and is instead a full Debian desktop OS that runs as an app and wo n’t interfere with anything else on your device — except for available storage space .
The installation process took upwards of an hour , most of it spent by my N900 extracting the Debian image file .
At one point I thought I had bricked the phone , but as you can see above the installation was a success .
Here ’s my favourite free alternative to Photoshop , the GIMP .
Those large , floating palettes are clearly a nuisance on an 800 pixel - wide screen , but everything seems to work .
And it ’s surprisingly responsive .
In an earlier post I lamented the lack of a FLOSS spreadsheet app for the N900 … OpenOffice to the rescue !
The same printer drivers that you ’d get on any desktop Linux distro are also available , but I did n’t get a chance to test that .
It should work , depending on your particular printer .
And like any other desktop Linux there ’s a package manager included , with literally thousands of additional apps just a click away .
Amazing .
Amazing and easy , actually …
These are the GUI controls for starting up and shutting down Easy Debian .
Note that you can jump straight to OpenOffice and Synaptic , but the whole show — including your LXDE desktop — has to load up first .
Note also that you have to shut down Easy Debian before plugging your N900 into a desktop computer — to transfer screen grabs , for example .
If you do n’t do this you wo n’t be able to acesss your mass memory drive ( your N900 will let you know ) .
Parting Thoughts
Using the N900 has been an incredible experience .
In the two weeks that I ’ve had it I feel I ’ve barely scratched the surface of what it can do .
Though it clearly trumps my N86 in so many ways I ’m not sure if the N900 could replace because ( 1 ) it ’s not the type of device you can whip out of a pocket and quickly interact with , and ( 2 ) the only available option for a compatible 3G network in Canada has been a colossal disappointment .
More on that next week .
Also I ’m maintain my concern that all the high - level geekery that ’s possible with Maemo 5 will be forsaken for user friendliness in the forthcoming MeeGo .
Let ’s hope that the MeeGo OS has a “ red pill ” mode …
NASW offers a variety of awards , grants and fellowships that recognize professional work , support science writers in their professional lives , and benefit the field of science writing .
Click on the tabs above for the latest news and information about these programs .
Opportunities include :
Science in Society Journalism Awards
The Science in Society Journalism Awards provide recognition for investigative or interpretive reporting about the sciences and their impact on society and are funded by NASW without subsidy from any professional or commercial interest .
Cash prizes are awarded and entries are open to all and free for NASW members as well as members of several minority journalism organizations .
The awards are open for submissions from Dec. 1 to Feb. 1 each year .
Learn more
Excellence in Institutional Writing Awards
The National Association of Science Writers established the Excellence in Institutional Writing Award in 2018 to recognize high - caliber , publicly accessible science writing produced on behalf of an institution or other non-media organization .
Cash prizes are awarded and entries are open to all and free for NASW members as well as members of several minority journalism organizations .
Entries open Dec. 1 and close Feb. 1 each year .
Learn more
Peggy Girshman Idea Grants
Through its Peggy Girshman Idea Grant program , NASW invites proposals from individuals or groups to apply for grants ranging from $ 1,000 to $ 25,000 for projects and programs that are designed to help science writers in their professional lives and / or to benefit the field of science writing .
Applications typically open in October each year .
Learn more
Travel fellowships
NASW offers a variety of travel fellowships , including subsidies for writers and students to attend our annual ScienceWriters conference and opportunities for undergraduates and graduate students to attend the annual AAAS meeting .
Applications are open throughout the year .
Learn more
Diversity Fellowships
Diversity fellowships support students and early career science writers from underrepresented groups — including racial minorities , members of the LGBTQ community , and those with disabilities — with the costs associated with pursuing summer internships .
Awardees receive a $ 5000 fellowship to supplement any stipends they receive from their summer employer .
Fellows also receive a one - year complimentary membership to NASW .
Learn more
Career Grants
Career Grants award up to $ 2,500 for projects that aim to increase the overall scope of the person 's career opportunities .
Through periodic offers since 2009 , $ 100,000 in Career Grant funds have been distributed to help established science writers advance their careers .
Future rounds will be announced via nasw.org .
Learn more
Diane McGurgan Service Award
This Diane McGurgan Service Award honors NASW members whose efforts on behalf of NASW go beyond the call of duty .
Recipients are selected by the NASW Board and the annual award comes with a cash prize of $ 500 .
Learn more
We 're in the final days for the British Digital Economy Bill .
This Thursday , the House of Commons will decide whether to subject the bill to line - by - line debate ( which will probably kill it or at least delay it until after the election ) , or whether to pass it without any real scrutiny or debate .
Given that the DEB will touch every part of British life , from education to civic engagement to health to law enforcement to justice , it 's insane to think that Parliament might pass it without even examining what it says .
This may be our last chance to demand a full debate on the bill .
38 Degrees and the Open Rights Group are asking you to write to Harriet Harman , Leader of the House , to ask her to support a full debate on the bill .
It will take you two minutes , and it may be your last chance to ask Parliament to consider the public interest ( rather than just the record companies ' demands ) before passing one of the most important laws of the young century .
Harriet Harman MP , Leader of the House of Commons , will – on Thursday afternoon – have to explain the Government 's plans for the Digital Economy Bill .
The Bill has suffered from huge manipulation by lobbyists , including insertion of entire new clauses at the behest of music lobbyists the BPI , and accusations that Lords amended the Bill without declaring their interests .
The Bill still includes highly controversial measures to disconnect families from the internet after allegations of copyright infringement .
There are as yet unknown measures to block websites , with the potential for censorship .
Such measures should not be rushed through during ' wash up ' .
Harriet Harman , as Leader of the Commons has the power to recommend the Parliamentary timetable .
That 's why we are asking for her to guarantee that the Bill receive full , line by line scrutiny .
Nothing less will do ,
Harriet – Debate The Digital Economy Bill
Santiago , Chile ( CNN ) --
Three strong earthquakes rocked Chile on Thursday , causing significant damage in at least one city , the country 's newly inaugurated president said Thursday .
A 6.9 - magnitude earthquake hit at 11:39 a.m. local time ( 9:39 a.m. ET ) , followed by a 6.7 - magnitude quake 16 minutes later , the U.S. Geological Survey reported .
A third , measured at magnitude 6.0 , came 27 minutes later .
They were the strongest aftershocks to rattle Chile since a February 27 earthquake on the country 's west coast that toppled buildings and spawned a tsunami , killing several hundred people .
Thursday 's quakes shook the ground near Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins near the coast just as Chile prepared to inaugurate a new president , Sebastian Pinera .
The central Chilean city of Rancagua was affected , Pinera said .
" There is significant damage in Rancagua , " the new president said .
" We 're going to send the necessary armed forces to guarantee citizens ' safety . "
Rancagua Mayor Eduardo
Soto said that no fatalities were immediately reported and that the biggest worry was damage to homes , CNN Chile reported .
After his inauguration Thursday , Pinera visited Rancagua , where he confirmed there were no initial reports of fatalities .
He said that no curfew would be imposed for now and reiterated his call for calm .
A priority is for the school year to start as scheduled next week , he said .
He also said Thursday afternoon that he would declare the area a catastrophe zone .
The country 's national emergency authorities also put in place a tsunami alert for the coastal area near where the earthquakes hit , and authorities ordered evacuations of some coastal areas .
" I do n't want to alarm anyone , [ the alert ] is solely precautionary , but we have to take precautions when there are human lives at risk , " Pinera said .
The epicenter of Thursday 's first quake was about 95 miles ( 152 km ) south - southwest of the capital , Santiago , and about 90 miles ( 145 km ) away from Valparaiso , where Pinera was to be inaugurated .
Television footage showed the inauguration proceeding without a hitch .
A second earthquake -- with an initial magnitude of 6.9 -- struck moments later .
It was about 89 miles ( 143 km ) southwest of Santiago , the USGS said .
The third was about 86 miles ( 138 km ) southwest of Santiago .
Rolando Santos , senior vice president and general manager of CNN Chile , said he and his colleagues felt one of the quakes .
" I can tell you within our newsroom in Santiago , which is state of the art in terms of seismic construction , it shook for more than 45 seconds , " he said .
He said that he told staffers to get under desks and that three people burst into tears .
In the last two days , people had kind of gotten used to aftershocks , but " there was no question this one got everyone 's attention , " he said .
Are you there ?
Send pictures
Pinera , a conservative billionaire businessman , became the Chilean president about 12:15 p.m. local time , roughly 20 minutes after the second quake .
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said in a statement that " a destructive Pacific - wide tsunami is not expected " as a result of the quakes , and that there is no tsunami threat to Hawaii .
However , the center also said that " earthquakes of this size sometimes generate local tsunamis that can be destructive along coasts located within " about 62 miles ( 100 km ) of the epicenter .
Hundreds of people were killed when the magnitude - 8.8 earthquake struck Chile 's west coast February 27 .
That quake also triggered a tsunami that toppled buildings , especially in the coastal Maule region .
How to help : Impact Your World
Authorities this week released the names of 279 people whose bodies had been identified in the quake , but officials said the new tally does not include hundreds of unidentified victims .
The February 27 earthquake was violent enough to move the Chilean city of Concepcion at least 10 feet to the west and Santiago about 11 inches to the west - southwest , researchers said .
The house at the center of this week ’s Big Drug Bust sits next door to Elva Wilson ’s home in a rural stretch of Middlesex County .
Police say an ethnic Vietnamese gang secretly grew more than 1,000 marijuana plants in the basement under high - intensity lamps .
Three were arrested , and police were still searching for three more .
And yet , Wilson was unfazed .
She was cleaning her house Thursday in blue rubber gloves when she was asked about it .
" To me , it ’s no big deal , " she said .
" We smelled it before , but we thought it was just kids partying . "
Such is the fear that marijuana now strikes in the heart of America .
The latest Gallup Poll shows nearly half of all Americans want to legalize the use of marijuana .
Close to 100 million have tried it .
And when you look at any objective measure — death , violence , disease and addiction — alcohol ranks as the more dangerous drug of choice by far .
Still , this attempt to stamp out marijuana use through police power goes on , year after year .
Sen . Nicholas Scutari , who serves as a municipal prosecutor in Linden , sees it up close .
" If you talk to my detectives , they ’ll tell you they ’re just pushing it from one corner to the next , " he says .
" Really , we ’ve just created a whole lot of crime by making such harsh laws on marijuana . "
The Vietnamese suspects face up to 20 years in state prison .
If all six suspects are caught and convicted , the prison time alone would cost New Jersey taxpayers almost $ 6 million , half that amount if they all win early parole .
This crew was not particularly smart , nor menacing .
Police were tipped off when a local officer smelled marijuana , apparently the unusable portions of the plant that the suspects burned in the fireplace .
Police found no weapons in the house , or in the other five houses they raided later .
Still , with $ 10 million worth of pot and $ 60,000 in cash recovered , no one would have been surprised if weapons had been found .
And that does make some of the locals nervous .
" My kids play outside here , " said Jen Moody , another neighbor .
To Ethan Nadelman , executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance , we are repeating the mistakes of the Prohibition era .
" This bust is going to have no impact on marijuana use , " he said .
" There ’s not one kid or adult who will not use marijuana because of this . "
We spend $ 10 billion to $ 15 billion enforcing marijuana laws each year , he estimates .
FBI reports show police arrested more than 800,000 people on marijuana charges last year , 90 percent of them for possession .
And yet in surveys , high school students say it is easier to buy pot than alcohol .
In Linden , Scutari sees the steady traffic of marijuana cases and wonders what the point is .
" People ca n’t imagine not having a drink after work on a Friday , " he says .
" And alcohol is a much stronger drug . "
The politics of the drug war remain emotional , but they are clearly shifting towards greater tolerance .
Fourteen states , including New Jersey , have legalized marijuana for medical uses , and 14 more are considering it .
Several states are considering bills to decriminalize marijuana , and California is poised to put the question to a referendum .
Scutari sponsored medical marijuana law that was approved in January in Trenton .
But it was a tough fight , and the law in New Jersey is a strict one that limits use to a small list of severe diseases .
Unlike in California , no one will be riding a skateboard to the clinics here .
As for decriminalizing marijuana , Scutari says New Jersey is a long way off .
" Our state is not moving in that direction , " he says .
" Down the line , some way , some day , I would think we ’ll revisit this . "
In the meantime , it appears the thousands of non-violent drug offenders behind bars in New Jersey Thursday will be joined by a few new recruits .
Again , just like Prohibition .
WILSONVILLE -- Stephanie Davies admits she still feels " silly " about leaving her high - end cell phone on the front counter at her business , where a thief snatched it today .
But she is tickled that the phone - tracking service she ordered to monitor her kids led her -- and police -- right back to her phone .
" I still feel a little silly , " said Davies , who co-owns Acumen Financial Services Group PC .
" But I knew where my phone was within 45 minutes . "
Shortly after 9 a.m. , a man approached the front counter of the business office on Southwest Miley Road and , pulled out a business card for a Motel 6 in Tigard and asked for directions .
" But then he backtracked and asked about a hospital , " Davies said .
" He was n't making much sense . "
Finally , the man asked Davies to draw a map .
When she turned away to grab a pen and paper , the man snatched her iPhone .
She did n't notice until he ambled out , got into his truck and drove away .
After conferring with her husband , Davies activated the tracking service and called police with a description of the thief 's truck and some very strong cyber - clues about where her phone had gone .
Shortly afterward , Davies , accompanied by several Wilsonville police officers tracked the phone to the Motel 6 , 17950 S.W. McEwan Road , Tigard .
After chatting with the management , they went to Room 118 where they found the phone and a theft suspect .
Police arrested Ricky Tony George , 19 , who is believed to be a transient .
He was booked into the Clackamas County Jail and was released on his own recognizance .
He is scheduled to appear in Clackamas County Circuit Court on April 4 to face two charges of second - degree theft and providing false information to a police officer .
Detective Jim Strovink , Clackamas County sheriff 's spokesman , said George has an established criminal history that includes theft and driving offenses .
--
The Kawaminami shipyard was opened in 1936 and went bankrupt in 1955 .
It had four huge bays and two large factory buildings .
Through the war years it served as both a munitions factory , a drydock for construction of cargo ships , escort ships , and kaitens , and possibly also as a Prisoner of War ( POW ) slave labor camp .
By some accounts up to 4000 POWs were forced to work here during wartime .
The main factory hall .
History on the place has been hard to come by definitively .
According to official POW internment records , it never had POWs .
According to other sites it did .
It may be a simple mix - up of names , as there was another infamous POW camp in Nagasaki harbor that also built ships , and was also called Kawaminami .
Either way , it was far from uncommon for POWs to be made into slave labor .
The major company Mitsubishi became famous for its ‘ hellships ’ , transports loaded down with POWs sent to factories all over Japan and Manchuria , and for the factories themselves , which often had no heating even in the depths of winter .
The front .
I discovered that Osarizawa mine , the haikyo I went to in the Tohoku area , which had the brilliant blue pools and is still being operated by Mitsubishi to this day , was a site of slave POW labor .
503 American POWs worked there , claiming the mining techniques and equipment were as primitive as those of centuries earlier .
Here ’s an extract from a site titled ‘ Mitsubishi : Empire of Exploitation ’ about conditions in Osarizawa -
“ The mine was cold and damp and had icicles hanging from the ceiling ” , Kenneth Calvit recalled .
The prisoners had to walk over two miles up a steep mountain road to get to the mine .
“ On one stretch of the road there was a cut in the mountain where the wind and snow were blinding , so we used a rope and would go hand by hand to keep from getting lost ” , Calvit said .
During the few months when snow was n’t on the ground , the POWs would try to catch grasshoppers along the way , in a desperate search for protein to add to their watery soup .
They had no mid-day meal from the company .
Calvit also remembered the time ammonia leaked from pipes in the company ’s refrigeration plant into the vat of soup — which was served to the POWs anyway .
But what the prisoners remembered most was the terrible cold , how they were only allowed two hours of heat per day , and how , when they tried to bring a few scrap timbers from the mine to put in the little barracks stove , the company guards would take it from them .
“ At times I thought I was going to freeze to death ” , David Summons said .
Ivy creeps up the crumbled concrete .
The stories of this time are fascinating and horrifying .
POWs who were too terrified to speak , who died by their scores of pneumonia , injuries , disease .
Also there are the stories of courage , the sabotage done to the factories by men unwilling to help the enemy cause , the men who took control of their labor camps the moment they heard the war was over and marched their once - overlords to the city to be arrested by occupying forces .
View into the main factory .
I ’ve spent hours perusing documents , maps , and photographs from that time now , and feel I`ve only scraped the surface .
In history class in the UK I only learned about the war in the European theater , I knew nothing of it in the Pacific .
Every time I come across some of that history directly , whether it`s incidentally while holiday - making on Saipan or as part of my haikyo `explorations` , it hits me hard that there was this whole side to a war that I knew nothing about .
The misery was not limited to Europe .
It happened all over this country also , and all around its orbit ( Manchuria [ occupied China ] , Saipan , Guam , etc . . )
Can you imagine being a world war 2 POW in a Japanese labor camp ?
It must have been one of the most alien environments imaginable .
In their first week Allied soldiers were forced to learn Japanese numbers so they could know when they were being called , but beyond that nothing said around them would have made any sense .
They survived on a diet of mostly rice , in portions that decreased as the war progressed more and more poorly .
The discipline they were exposed to was often iron - clad and brutal , with executions commonplace , leaving prisoners in a perpetual state of shock and humiliation .
They spent their days alongside drafted Japanese and Korean workers building ships for the enemy .
Main Factory .
Prisoners in camp Fukuoka # 2B , situated just outside of Nagasaki , clearly saw the mushroom cloud and blast of the atomic bomb dropped on that city .
I found one document that was a list of all the POWs killed in Fukuoka # 2B .
A large number died from penumonia , with others dying from colitis , and a few from crushing , burning , drowning while at work .
I found a list of POW camp orders , direct from the Camp Commander through the Japanese interpreter .
The Japangrish is slightly comic , but the reality is stark .
They were prisoners , and they had to do what they were told .
Monday July 5 , 1943
In accident at dockyard , the man did not help in boat accident .
Two Dutch officers ran away .
They are unfaithful and we are disappointed in them .
You must salute from the heart .
Do not say Nip or Jap .
It is just as bad as saying Yank .
No reading after 9 P.M. .
Flanked by vegetation .
Sept. 4 [ 1943 ]
The Sgt. Major is the N.C.O. of the week .
There will be no mistakes .
Men will stop sleeping in the latrine .
All men are responsible for all men .
Watch and check each other .
Drillers are very good , the under ship are very lazy .
POW No. 341 is no good at picking up iron .
Oct. 8 . [ 1943 ]
The Sgt. Major really expects you not to happen .
You may bathe when the water is fired .
You have a new galley hancho ( mess sergeant ) make him good .
Salute from the heart .
Use water sparingly .
Try not to have fire .
Striking graffiti .
Dec. 31 [ 1943 ]
Unnecessary things are going on at the docks – there will be heavy , heavy punishment .
Officers and room - chiefs are responsible .
All men receive food as well as lunch – why should 6 or 7 be hungry .
They are smuggling time from watchmen to bake food .
Therefore they are lazy .
All buying and selling is forbidden .
New Year tomorrow so nothing filthy – live happily in the camp .
The galley hancho ( mess sergeant ) feels very bad because people try to improve upon his cooking .
Our camp is the talk of the town of Nagasaki on the food - proposition .
Do n’t let it happen from any view point .
The supply sergeant says keep your brooms dry .
Graffiti and columns .
Jan. 19 [ 1944 ]
Camp authorities want everybody to be happy .
To keep happy very much responsibility of room chiefs at dockyard and camp from any view point .
Salute from the heart .
Gargle twice daily .
Navy officers at dockyard say many things have been going on recently .
You must swear not to do it again .
More like this on this very thorough POW site .
I came to the shipyard without knowing much about it , and despite the information above I still do n’t know much about it directly , only by inference .
I just know it was huge , and abandoned 55 years ago .
It has simply been left as it was , though with all the machinery stripped out .
It ’s falling to pieces and obscured by scrubby trees .
I did n’t have long to explore , as I had to get back for the last train , then onto a plane back to Tokyo , but there was n’t much to investigate .
With ruins of this age , you ’re looking at bones .
There ’s no detritus left , none of the stuff of everyday life .
All that ’s left are the things that do n’t rot and ca n’t be stolen - a huge factory structure and 6 giant dry - dock bays where ships were cast and built .
Trees grow up where ships were once cast .
One of the 4 drydocks .
Twisty trees obscure dry - dock bays .
End of the drydock railings .
Drydock bays reflecting pool .
You can find more ruins explorations in the galleries :
[ album id=4 template=compact ]
Web cams are optimized for things like video conferencing , not close focus .
If you 're trying to use your web cam to record things close up — awesome stop- motion Lego combat , electronics tutorials , etc. — you can hack the focus with cheap reading glasses .
Advertisement
Vik Ollver was happy with his webcam — it even worked in Linux ! — but he was n't happy with the lack of close focus .
He did n't care if it could focus across the room , he wanted it to focus sharply on the contents of his work bench .
His solution is simple and cheap :
The focus was a problem for closeups , so I cut a pair of dollar - store +3 reading glasses in half and wrapped the earpiece around the back of the webcam .
With a little encouragement it clips the lens over the flat part of the webcam 's orb where the lens peeks out .
Perfect .
Advertisement
Our favorite thing about this clever hack is that other than snapping the glasses in half at the nose piece and bending the temple and earpiece to hold the lens on , it requires no effort or even tools .
Have a clever hack of your own to share ?
Let 's hear about it in the comments .
Webcam Monocle [ Artifex via Hack A Day ]
( Best of the Tube This Weekend : We discuss the Supreme Court 's latest gun-rights case on " The Journal Editorial Report . "
Fox News Channel , Saturday 2 p.m. and 11 p.m. ET , Sunday 6 a.m. ET . )
Former Enron adviser Paul Krugman takes note in his New York Times column of what he calls " the incredible gap that has opened up between the parties " :
Today , Democrats and Republicans live in different universes , both intellectually and morally .
" What Democrats believe , " he says " is what textbook economics says " :
But that 's not how Republicans see it .
Here 's what Senator Jon Kyl of Arizona , the second - ranking Republican in the Senate , had to say when defending Mr. Bunning 's position ( although not joining his blockade ) : unemployment relief " does n't create new jobs .
In fact , if anything , continuing to pay people unemployment compensation is a disincentive for them to seek new work . "
Krugman scoffs : " To me , that 's a bizarre point of view - - but then , I do n't live in Mr. Kyl 's universe . "
What does textbook economics have to say about this question ?
Here is a passage from a textbook called " Macroeconomics " :
♡♡♡
Metta Refuge Dharma Nuggets
This sister blog to Metta Refuge offers short dharma insights and articles for your daily dharma practice and inspiration
♡♡♡
Goodheart 's Extreme Science
This blog is all about the wonders of our natural world and how science illuminates these wonders .
♡♡♡
The Nature of Berkeley
At this blog , I celebrate the natural beauty of Berkeley and its local environs — the landscape , the climate , the weather , the animals , plants , the geology , and the ecosystem of the Berkeley Hills area .
Because of my background as a science writer and editor , I bring the eyes of science as well as the eyes of love to what I write about .
Welcome to the News Release Wire Selection Control Panel .
Instant News Wire
Shishas und Wasserpfeifen und Shishatabak beim Shisha.de Online Shop bestellen .
Seit 1995 können sie bei uns Ihre Wasserpfeifen und Shisha bestellen .
Dazu Shishakohle und Wasserpfeifentabak zu günstigen Preisen bestellen .
Portofreie Lieferung ab 30  Warenwert - Keine Versandkosten !
Neutraler Shisha Versand
Ihre Shisha kommt mit Paketverfolgung
Schnelle Lieferung .
Alles auf Lager
Wasserpfeifen Versand als DHL Paket
als DHL Paket Im Shop von Shisha .de kaufen sie nur Top Qualität
über 250 Sorten Shisha - Tabak einfach Online bestellen
Top Angebote
Sonderangebot
How does it feel when you see your dear friend , who took your decision of starting an online business , is doing better than you ?
You feel happy .
But somewhere deep down there is a gut - wrenching regret or dissatisfaction that you could n’t reach that level even though you started way before then he did .
So , what is your friend doing better , considering that both of your businesses started with approximately the same amount of capital ?
The primary difference is the way you promote your business .
Learn more from Missing Link Social Media Agency .
Office 405/1 Bryant Dr , Tuggerah NSW 2259
Importance of social media marketing agencies
Social media marketing is one of the best ways to reach your target audience without spending a fortune .
When you hire an agency for advertising on Social , you ensure that your company is in safe hands because these guys will try different techniques that can help your company reach the audience quickly ; something that your friend is doing and you are not .
So , here are a few social media marketing techniques that the professionals carry out :
• Facebook Messenger marketing
Email marketing is still effective , but social media advertising agency now target Facebook Messenger .
This is the next big thing after email marketing .
Surveys suggest that the target audience is more active on Facebook than emails .
Moreover , you get tons of emails every day .
So , they may ignore your mail if it goes down in the list .
Instead , Facebook Messenger is a more direct approach .
You have a better chance of getting an immediate response from the customers .
• Influencer marketing
People usually like to follow their idols or icons blindly .
They would do whatever they tell them .
That ’s the area where social media marketing can capture .
It involves roping a social media influencer and asking them to promote your brand .
The influencer can be a celebrity or anyone who has a significant number of followers .
However , this technique is more effective when you hire an influencer belonging from the same industry .
For example , if you sell clothes , you should tie up with someone in the fashion industry ; not someone who is into researching on spacecraft .
Social media content agency will also help you when it comes on marketing .
• More is more
Social media marketing agency says that the first rule of social media marketing is to pass on the word to as many people as possible .
So , you should n’t limit your activities to only a couple of social media websites .
Try to grasp the attention of as many people as possible on different sites .
Yes , you should always prioritize the website that provides more fruitful results .
But , that does n’t mean you should completely ignore other channels .
• Schedule the posts
Netizens do n’t stay online on social media 24 x 7 .
That ’s why it is better to schedule the posts during the time the respective social media website has more traffic .
For example , if your Facebook audience is more active between 7 pm to 9 pm , you should upload promotional posts during that period .
This helps to get more response than an untimely post based from social media agency .
Why use a social media agency .
Watch the video to learn more .
So , if you want to reach thousands of customers and reach the level that your friend already has , follow the above steps and learn more about content strategy for Social Media .
Or better still , work with a professional social media management team for the best results .
JERUSALEM -- Former U.S. high school basketball star Jeremy Tyler quit Israeli team Maccabi Haifa and returned home Friday , cutting short a disappointing first pro season .
The 18 - year - old Tyler arrived in Israel on a wave of publicity in August after deciding to skip his senior year at San Diego High School to gain professional experience .
Jeremy
Tyler , warming up before a November game in Israel , averaged only 2.1 points and 1.9 rebounds in 10 games .
AP Photo / Tara Todras - Whitehill
However , his time in Israel was fraught with problems , and he left five weeks before the end of the season .
" Due to personal matters , Jeremy chose to leave the team on his own will on March 18 and return home to San Diego , " Maccabi Haifa owner Jeffrey Rosen said in a statement .
" We wish Jeremy all the best . "
In the 10 games Tyler played for Haifa , the 6 - foot - 11 power forward averaged only 2.1 points and 1.9 rebounds in 7.6 minutes .
Tyler , who reportedly earned a $ 140,000 salary , found it hard to adapt to the pro game and could n't find a place in Maccabi Haifa 's starting lineup .
Tyler 's agent said he was n't aware of his client 's plans to leave the team .
" I 'm as surprised as you are .
We had no idea he was coming home , " Makhtar Ndiaye of the Wasserman Media Group told ESPN 's William Weinbaum .
" I 'm speechless at this point and look forward to speaking with Jeremy .
A contract , a learning process -- things were n't great -- but it was part of growing up .
I 'm disappointed and frustrated . "
Tyler 's disappointment was evident , too .
Last month , he walked out on the team at halftime to protest not getting more minutes .
For the last three games , he sat on the bench not wearing a uniform after being left off the Haifa squad .
Ndiaye said he spoke to Tyler earlier this week and " everything was cool . "
" The kid decided on his own , " Ndiaye said .
" We did everything humanly possible to make it a success story for him and his family . "
Sonny Vaccaro , an adviser to Tyler and his family , told ESPN the season in Israel was n't a negative experience despite how it ended .
Lake Chiemsee is a popular German holiday destination
The conviction by a German court of four pensioners over the kidnapping of their financial advisor brings to an end a dramatic and extraordinary case , reports the BBC's Steve Rosenberg in Traunstein .
In the foothills of the Bavarian Alps , Lake Chiemsee is an island of peace and tranquillity .
This is a popular German holiday destination .
But it is also the scene of a bizarre crime .
The drama began some 4,000 miles away in America .
Two retired German couples had invested more than £ 2 m ( 2.2 m euros , $ 3 m ) in the US property market .
But the investment went sour .
The bottom fell out of the market and they lost their money .
Who did the pensioners blame ?
Not the sub - prime mortgage crisis .
They held their own financial adviser , James Amburn , responsible , accusing him of stealing their savings .
Getaway car
They tried and failed to recover their investments through the courts .
Then the group allegedly decided to take matters into their own hands .
According to the charges , 74 - year - old retired architect Roland Kaspar was the ringleader .
James Amburn was taken from his home in Speyer Together with a 60 - year - old accomplice , he abducted Mr Amburn from his apartment in the German town of Speyer .
The financial adviser was allegedly gagged , his arms and feet were tied .
He was stuffed into a specially - constructed crate that was wheeled down to the getaway car .
The box was dumped into the car boot and the car sped away .
After a 300 - mile ( 480 km ) journey it arrived at a holiday cottage in the village of Hart on Lake Chiemsee .
The other members of the gang were waiting , including Mr Kaspar 's 80 - year - old wife Sieglinde and two retired doctors .
Together , the charges say , they held Mr Amburn prisoner in the cellar .
For three days they tried to convince their financial adviser to compensate them .
He claims to have been beaten during his incarceration .
Call for help
They allegedly made him to sign documents in which he promised to pay back the money .
To arrange payment , Mr Amburn was allowed to send a fax to his bank in Switzerland .
At that moment this already dramatic story took another twist .
" He signed a fax to his banker in Switzerland and he wrote in it ' Call Police ' , " says Harald Baumgaertl , a defence lawyer for one of the accused .
The pensioners initially tried to recover their money through the courts " The pensioners read that fax but they did n't notice it .
They did n't get it into their brain that there was a warning , a cry for help . "
The Swiss bank raised the alarm .
A few hours later , at four o'clock in the morning , dozens of German police commandos stormed the building .
" The problem is , " Harald Baumgaertl believes , " that most of the people who gave the investor money saw dollars in front of their eyes .
" Now they see nothing .
It 's important that people are very careful who they give their money to . "
Around Traunstein , where the trial was held , there has been a mixed reaction to the case .
" Maybe they were motivated by the fact that , overall , the press was saying there were so many bad financial investors around , " one man told me .
" Perhaps that made them believe they were on the right side of the law . "
" They were very silly , " another man said .
" But I can understand the people who kidnapped the man .
It was not correct that they lost so much money . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hi !
We notice you 're using an ad blocker .
Please consider allowing Autoblog .
We get it .
Ads can be annoying .
But ads are also how we keep the garage doors open and the lights on here at Autoblog - and keep our stories free for you and for everyone .
And free is good , right ?
If you 'd be so kind as to allow our site , we promise to keep bringing you great content .
Thanks for that .
And thanks for reading Autoblog .
Allow Us !
Mike Huckabee pretends like the tea baggers are not an astroturf movement already and that any semblance of them being a grass roots movement has not been dismissed a long time ago .
This had to be one of the strangest panels I 've ever seen on Fox with Geraldo bringing in Jesse Ventura , Mike Huckabee and Rod Blagojevich to weigh in on the latest event with Glenn Beck and Sarah Palin doing their best to scare the crap out of the American electorate in Tulsa .
After showing some footage of Beck and Palin at their Taking Our Country Back tour , Geraldo has Huckabee and Ventura weigh in .
Huckabee of course tries to pretend this group is still a grass roots movement and also fails to acknowledge that the two people he 's being questioned about are his fellow employees at ClusterFox and the role they 've played in promoting the movement .
Ventura dares to point out that the tea baggers are not anything that could be considered a grass roots movement and Rivera makes sure he does n't get to say much more about it before ending the segment .
For those of you who think the Internets are just for porn and FaceTube , Houston 's Zenfilm is bringing you an online show that will make you forget about updating your status , at least for a little while : Get Out of the Closet , a reality television parody about an obnoxious Bostonian who stages interventions to get dudes suspected of being gay to come out of the closet , launches April 2 .
The aforementioned Bostonian doling out what the website calls " truth sticks -- sticks made out of THE TRUTH " is one Natalie O'Sullivan .
Well , sort of .
Both Zenfilm and The Artist Known as Natalie O'Sullivan are mum on the host 's true identity , vowing not to pull back the curtain before the show 's launch .
Besides O'Sullivan 's pitch - perfect cluelessness , the evidence that this show will have strokes of genius can be found in the name of the show 's ostensible producer , Barry Gordon - Lightfoot .
C'mon -- that shit 's up there with Sir Dennis Eaton - Hogg .
Hair Balls spoke with O'Sullivan , whose back story involves a high school expulsion for dropping trou in a senior production of Hair , then getting kicked out of cosmetology school after a tragic bleaching accident .
She allegedly lives in Boston and flies in every three months to shoot three episodes at a time .
Before getting into questions about the show , O'Sullivan explained that she was outside , standing in a snowfall , smoking a cigarette because she was nervous about the interview .
We started with a question about the show 's premise -- friends or family nominating dudes they suspect are gay .
We asked if it ever turned out that they were not , in fact , gay .
NO : Unfortunately , that seems to be the case more than not .... I found evidence .
I went , I looked at their spaces , you know , their personal spaces where they live , and I saw things that were clearly , you know , red flags to me .
Gay red rainbow flags .
HB : Like what ?
NO : Just lots of sort of phallic symbols in the room .
Lots of like penis - like things .
Some glittery objects that were just not right for a single man in his 20s .
There were various toys -- he says it 's because he 's into Lord of the Rings , I think it 's ' cause he 's into other things ....
How have they reacted generally ?... Is there some hostility ?
No hostility , thank God , because ... I 'll throw down , you know .
Like , so far no hostility , nobody 's tried to come at me , nobody 's tried to fight me , because , you know , growing up in the South Shore in Massachusetts , you know , we do n't play that game .
I 'll take off my rings , I 'll take off my earrings , and we 'll go .
So you 're not a gay ?
No , I am a lover of the gays .
But I identify with that community more than ... straight women , or straight people in general .
Why is that ?
... I feel like I 've been sort of shunned a little bit .
I 'm very abrasive to some people -- that 's a word that 's been thrown in my face a lot .... There are people that once they get to know me , they think I am -- you know , that word " abrasive " has been thrown in my face .
" Annoying " has been thrown in my face .
Loud , obnoxious .
All of which I think is part of my charm because I am who I am , you get what you get .
And a community that 's had that same sort of shunning has been the gays .
You know , you have Congress fighting over whether or not they can get married , you have the President saying it 's not OK , you have ... all of this crap going on in the world where people are just , like , pointing fingers .
And what I say is , ' When you point a finger out , there 's three more still pointing back at you .
So do n't throw glass stones from a rock house , you know what I 'm saying ?
What 's your opinion of Houston ?
Oh I like the city a lot -- I did n't think I would .
You know , being a Yankee , I did n't think I 'd like Texas at all -- I mean , you people still think the Confederacy 's going to rise or something someday ....
It is like another country when you cross the Mason - Dixon line , so I was nervous , but I love the fact that there were these great little communities and pockets of normalcy within Texas as a whole .
So I loved it , I want to go back lots of times .
Check out the website for details on the launch parties
Retired Air Force Lt. Gen. A.P. Clark , a World War II veteran who played a key role in the elaborate breakout from a Nazi prisoner - of - war camp that inspired the movie “ The Great Escape , ” has died .
He was 96 .
Clark , a former superintendent of the Air Force Academy , died March 8 in Colorado Springs , Colo. , the military academy announced .
The cause was not given .
Albert Patton Clark was born in 1913 at Schofield Barracks in Hawaii , where his father was an officer in the Army Medical Corps .
He became a pilot after graduating from the Military Academy at West Point , N.Y. , in 1936 .
During World War II he flew with the 31st Fighter Group , the first American fighter unit in the European Theater , according to an Air Force Academy biography .
Advertisement
Then a lieutenant colonel , Clark was shot down by German fighter planes over Abbeville , France , in July 1942 , and spent nearly three years as a prisoner of war at Stalag Luft III in what is now Poland .
He is credited with managing the production and hiding supplies in support of the escape of 76 POWs from the camp in 1944 .
After the war , Clark served key assignments at Tactical Air Command , Continental Air Command and Air Defense Command before completing a tour of duty at the Air Force headquarters , the academy said .
He commanded the 48th Fighter Bomber Wing at Chaumont Air Base in France from 1955 to 1956 and then served as chief of staff of the U.S. Air Forces in Europe .
Clark served as the academy ’s top general from Aug. 1 , 1970 , to July 31 , 1974 .
His military decorations and awards include the Distinguished Service Medal , the Legion of Merit with oak leaf cluster , the Air Medal , the Air Force Commendation Medal and the Purple Heart .
Advertisement
As head of the Friends of the Air Force Academy Library , Clark was instrumental in creating an extensive collection of materials and histories from his prisoner - of - war days .
Memoirs , including his “ 33 Months as a POW in Stalag Luft III , ” and histories from an escape at the prison camp inspired the 1963 film “ The Great Escape , ” starring Steve McQueen and Richard Attenborough .
Clark is survived by two daughters , eight grandchildren and nine great - grandchildren .
His wife of 65 years , Carolyn , died in 2002 , and a son died in 2005 .
news.obits@latimes.com
Mission Statement
( Please note that this site is not for commercial use .
If you are coming here simply to post links to things you want to sell , you will be suspended from the community .
Also , members are not permitted to message all new members as they join , as this would result in each new member being buried with messages .
Thanks for your cooperation . )
Tea Party Patriots Mission Statement and Core Values
Mission Statement
The impetus for the Tea Party movement is excessive government spending and taxation .
Our mission is to attract , educate , organize , and mobilize our fellow citizens to secure public policy consistent with our three core values of Fiscal Responsibility , Constitutionally Limited Government and Free Markets .
Core Values
• Fiscal Responsibility
• Constitutionally Limited Government
• Free Markets
Fiscal Responsibility : Fiscal Responsibility by government honors and respects the freedom of the individual to spend the money that is the fruit of their own labor .
A constitutionally limited government , designed to protect the blessings of liberty , must be fiscally responsible or it must subject it 's citizenry to high levels of taxation that unjustly restrict the liberty our Constitution was designed to protect .
Such runaway deficit spending as we now see in Washington D.C. compels us to take action as the increasing national debt is a grave threat to our national sovereignty and the personal and economic liberty of future generations .
Constitutionally Limited Government : We , the members of The Tea Party Patriots , are inspired by our founding documents and regard the Constitution of the United States to be the supreme law of the land .
We believe that it is possible to know the original intent of the government our founders set forth , and stand in support of that intent .
Like the founders , we support states ' rights for those powers not expressly stated in the Constitution .
As the government is of the people , by the people and for the people , in all other matters we support the personal liberty of the individual , within the rule of law .
Free Markets :
A free market is the economic consequence of personal liberty .
The founders believed that personal and economic freedom were indivisible , as do we .
Our current government 's interference distorts the free market and inhibits the pursuit of individual and economic liberty .
Therefore , we support a return to the free market principles on which this nation was founded and oppose government intervention into the operations of private business .
Our Philosophy
Tea Party Patriots as an organization believes in the Fiscal Responsibility , Constitutionally Limited Government , and Free Markets .
Tea Party Patriots , Inc. is a non-partisan grassroots organization of individuals united by our core values derived from the Declaration of Independence , the Constitution of the United States of America and the Bill of Rights as explained in the Federalist Papers .
We recognize and support the strength of grassroots organization powered by activism and civic responsibility at a local level .
We hold that the United States is a republic conceived by its architects as a nation whose people were granted " unalienable rights " by our Creator .
Chiefly among these are the rights to " life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . "
The Tea Party Patriots stand with our founders , as heirs to the republic , to claim our rights and duties which preserve their legacy and our own .
We hold , as did the founders , that there exists an inherent benefit to our country when private property and prosperity are secured by natural law and the rights of the individual .
WHAT IS A TROLL ?
Peak Tuna
The world has fished past the point of " peak tuna . "
A half - century ago , much of the Atlantic bluefin tuna that found its way into fishermen ’s nets was thrown back or used for cat food .
But when the modern sushi craze took root in Japan — and spread to sushi aficionados worldwide — demand for tuna meat skyrocketed .
And tuna populations dwindled .
Scientists estimate that because of overfishing , the tuna populations in the Gulf of Mexico and Mediterranean have shrunk to less than 10 percent and 15 percent , respectively , of their pre-fishing size .
But the fate of this storied fish — whose qualities Aristotle extolled in his History of Animals — may yet be altered when the international community comes together next month at the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora ( CITES ) meeting in Doha , Qatar .
Already , the principality of Monaco , headed by ocean - loving Prince Albert II , has proposed designating the bluefin as " threatened with extinction , " placing it alongside such protected species as African elephants , mountain gorillas , and Siberian tigers .
Most significantly , this listing would ban international trade of bluefin , meaning that Japan ’s favorite snack would become " threatened with extinction " as well .
Bluefin are particularly revered among the Japanese for their high fat content and rich flesh .
A slice of raw toro , the fatty belly meat of a tuna , leaves a delicate aftertaste as it melts in your mouth .
And sushi lovers are willing to pay top prices :
In Tokyo , one piece of prize bluefin nigiri can cost more than $ 20 .
Most Atlantic bluefin are caught in their Mediterranean spawning grounds by countries including France , Italy , and Spain , but more than 80 percent of Atlantic bluefin tuna wind up in Japanese fish markets , where a single fish recently sold for $ 175,000 .
But because of their status as a delicacy and due to advances in fishing technology , populations of Atlantic bluefin tuna are now severely depleted .
Where fishermen once hunted the giant fish with harpoons and hooks , many now use modern vessels equipped with powerful sonar to find fish underwater and radar to track seabirds that gather around tuna schools , as well as giant nets that can efficiently encircle and capture entire schools of bluefin .
Most tuna are then held in net pens and fattened on mackerels , sardines , and squid to increase their market value .
Unless trends reverse , wild bluefin tuna might become exceedingly rare and off the menu entirely .
There are three bluefin tuna species — Atlantic , Pacific , and Southern — and all are hunted extensively throughout their ranges .
Atlantic bluefin have fared the worst , and they ’ve had shockingly little help from fishery managers .
The International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas ( ICCAT ) , an intergovernmental organization composed of 48 member states including the United States , Japan , and Mediterranean fishing nations , has been responsible for the conservation of Atlantic tuna species , including bluefin , since 1969 .
However , it has generally failed in this mission .
Under ICCAT regulations , fishery managers are supposed to set catch quotas based on the recommendations of scientists .
Instead , managers have consistently disregarded internal expert recommendations .
For the past 10 years , ICCAT has set quotas that have exceeded scientific recommendations , often by more than double .
Managers have also refused scientific advice to suspend fishing in the Mediterranean during the full May - to - July spawning season , meaning that tuna are often caught before they can reproduce and help sustain the population .
Further , though member states agree to implement ICCAT regulations , governments often fail to crack down on overzealous fishermen at home .
In recent years , ICCAT scientists estimate that more than half of bluefin catches in the Eastern Atlantic and Mediterranean have been illegal , meaning that fishing nations failed to report or underreported catches .
In 2007 , for example , ICCAT scientists recommended that catches should be no greater than 15,000 metric tons .
ICCAT fishery managers , however , set a quota of 29,500 metric tons .
And in the end , ICCAT scientists estimated actual catches at about 61,000 metric tons , more than four times higher than the recommended limit .
Such failures have led Carl Safina , a leading marine ecologist , as well other conservationists involved in the bluefin saga , to refer to ICCAT as the " International Conspiracy to Catch All Tunas . "
The familiar image of Japanese businessmen lunching on nigiri sushi may soon be a thing of the past .
Is there any hope ?
Yes .
Because 80 percent of the market for bluefin tuna is concentrated in a single country , Japan , an international trade ban would have dramatic impacts , effectively stopping the race for fish and eliminating the incentive for illegal fishing .
But this is n’t the first time the Atlantic bluefin has almost made the " threatened with extinction " list .
Sweden ’s effort to list bluefin in 1992 failed in the face of significant political pressure from Japan ( top sushi market ) , backed by the United States and Canada ( fishing nations ) .
In 1994 , Kenya submitted a proposal to list bluefin , but quickly withdrew it after tough lobbying from Japan , a major foreign - aid donor .
This March , too , Japan is likely to be highly resistant .
The country has already condemned the proposed ban as an insensitive attack on Japanese food culture and its way of life .
But this time around , significant players are prepared to step up in support of protecting bluefin tuna .
Even France and Italy , major fishing nations in the European Union , have recently pledged support for a ban on the bluefin trade .
The United States has yet to weigh in on this crucial issue — while the Interior Department and the Commerce Department try to resolve who has jurisdiction over tuna policy — and the fate of the bluefin remains uncertain .
Sushi aficionados have over - enjoyed a precious resource .
To ensure that bluefin are available for future generations , we must have the courage to make the hard decisions now .
It ’s time to put saving the bluefin on the menu .
SEAN HANNITY ’S FREEDOM CONCERT SCAM : ALMOST NONE OF CHARITY ’S $ WENT TO INJURED TROOPS , KIDS OF FALLEN TROOPS ; G5S FOR VANNITY ?
By Debbie Schlussel
****03/19/10 : SCROLL DOWN FOR UPDATE : My Response to Freedom Alliance ’s / Oliver North ’s Weak “ Non-Response ” & New Lies ****
For the last several years , Sean Hannity and the Freedom Alliance “ charity ” have conducted “ Freedom Concerts ” across America .
They ’ve told you that they are raising money to pay for the college tuition of the children of fallen soldiers and to pay severely wounded war vets .
And on Friday Night , Hannity will be honored with an award for this “ Outstanding Community Service by a Radio Talk Show Host ” at Talkers Magazine ’s convention .
But it ’s all a huge scam .
In fact , less than 20 % –and in two recent years , less than 7 % and 4 % , respectively –of the money raised by Freedom Alliance went to these causes , while millions of dollars went to expenses , including consultants and apparently to ferry the Hannity posse of family and friends in high style .
And , despite Hannity ’s statements to the contrary on his nationally syndicated radio show , few of the children of fallen soldiers got more than $ 1,000 - $ 2,000 , with apparently none getting more than $ 6,000 , while Freedom Alliance appears to have spent tens of thousands of dollars for private planes .
Moreover , despite written assurances to donors that all money raised would go directly to scholarships for kids of the fallen heroes and not to expenses , has begun charging expenses of nearly $ 500,000 to give out just over $ 800,000 in scholarships .
In February 2009 , a well - known conservative writer sent me this , about a friend at FOX News :
The guy went on to tell me about Hannity ’s “ Freedom Concerts , ” which are staged across the country with the proceeds going to children of slain soldiers .
Of course , as the guy tells it , there ’d be a lot more money every concert to go to the cause if Hannity did n’t demand–and get–use of a Gulfstream 5 plane to fly him and his family / entourage to the concerts ; a “ fleet ” ( that ’s the word the guy used ) of either Cadillac or Lincoln SUVs for him and his family / entourage ; and several suites at really expensive hotels for him and his family / entourage .
The promoter apparently values Hannity ’s star demands at well over $ 200,000 per event .
The source says he heard that Oliver North pulled Hannity aside at one of the concerts and told him that this had to stop .
But that may mean that , from now on , Hannity has to fly on a G4 instead of a G5 , gets only a few luxury SUVs , and two or three suites .
North is the founder and honorary chairman of Freedom Alliance .
I began investigating these claims , and lo and behold , I discovered that Freedom Alliance gives very little money to the children of slain troops to pay for college and even less to wounded troops .
The stories of injuries to troops and how much Freedom Alliance gives them –$ 200 for a soldier from a poor neighborhood who lost three limbs –is heartbreaking .
Soldiers with traumatic brain injuries , severe wounds to the face from disfiguring burns and explosions , and multiple amputations got $ 1,000 or less , with only a handful of exceptions .
The tax forms available to the public for the Freedom Alliance –for the years 2006 - 2008 – paint a tragic story , a story of a charity that makes gazillions and spends very little for the purposes it claims , a charity that spends millions more on its small staff and crony consultants than it ever gives in scholarships to the children of the fallen or severely injured troops or in aid to the injured troops themselves .
While Hannity ’s Freedom Concerts take in millions , only a few hundred thousand go to the claimed intended recipients .
Over a year ago , when I began looking into this story , I contacted both Sean Hannity and the Freedom Alliance seeking comment and an accounting for where the money went .
Both declined to answer any of my questions .
Hannity refused to respond to an inquiry I sent to his personal private e-mail address asking him about the lavish expenses described in the e-mail above .
Freedom Alliance press secretary Alan Moore scheduled an interview for me with Freedom Alliance president Thomas Kilgannon , who in the past used Freedom Alliance resources to promote a book he wrote on the United Nations .
But when Moore asked me what the interview would be about and I answered truthfully , the interview was not granted , and my calls to him were never returned thereafter .
I told him I ’d be asking Mr. Kilgannon about the expenses paid for Hannity and about the paltry percentage of Freedom Alliance funds actually going to the kids of fallen troops , to severely injured troops , and to anything other than expenses , consultants , and printing .
I wanted to know why Freedom Alliance had spent $ 60,000 for “ aviation services ” in 2006 .
Keep in mind that a charity is considered reputable if no more than 25 % of its revenue goes to expenses and no less than 75 % of it goes to the intended charity recipients .
Given that , Freedom Alliance ’s balance sheets are embarrassing in their shamelessness .
According to its 2006 tax returns , Freedom Alliance reported revenue of $ 10 , 822 , 785 , but only $ 397,900 –or a beyond - measly 3.68 % –of that was given to the children of fallen troops as scholarships or as aid to severely injured soldiers .
On the other hand , 62 % of the money went to “ expenses , ” including $ 979,485 for “ consultants ” and an “ advisor . ”
Yes , consultant / advisors got more than double what injured troops and the kids of fallen troops got .
The tax forms show that “ New World Aviation ” got paid $ 60,601 for “ air travel . ”
Was that for Hannity ’s G5 ?
Like I said , neither the charity nor Hannity is talking .
And finally , that year , Freedom Alliance spent $ 1,730,816 on postage and shipping and $ 1,414,215 on printing , for a total of $ 3,145,031 , nearly half the revenue the charity spent that year and about eight times what the injured troops and the children of fallen ones received .
That ’s especially heartbreaking when you compare the hundreds of thousands consultants got and the millions spent on printing and postage to the outrageously small amounts given to wounded soldiers .
In 2006 , Freedom Alliance gave only $ 1,000 to a soldier from Bay City , Michigan , whom the charity says was in the following condition :
Face was blown up and lost sight in one eye .
And that $ 1,000 was relatively generous , when you consider this soldier from Romulus , Michigan , whom Freedom Alliance only gave $ 200 :
SM [ serviceman ] was involved in roadside bomb incident in Iraq , which caused loss of both legs and left arm .
Romulus is a mostly Black Detroit suburb , which is one of the poorest cities in Michigan and in America .
Freedom Alliance gave this brave soldier roughly $ 67 per limb .
That ’s sickening .
So is the fact that this soldier , from Alexandria , Virginia , also only got $ 200 from Freedom Alliance :
SM was wounded in Iraq by an IED explosion .
Lost right arm and severe shrapnel wounds to upper body and face .
Also appalling is the fact that in each year ’s tax returns soldiers described as having brain trauma injuries , multiple amputated limbs , and severe burns over most of their bodies get a few hundred bucks each from Freedom Alliance and in almost every case , no more than $ 1,000 .
That year , while fat - cat consultants and expenses took millions of Freedom Alliance ’s money , seriously wounded troops to whom Freedom Alliance donated received a pathetic average of $ 785 each and the college student kids of the fallen got a paltry average of $ 2,943 toward tuition .
Yes , out of millions raised that year by Sean Hannity at his Freedom Concerts , only $ 309,000 was given out in scholarships to 105 students , and only $ 110,703.82 was given to the wounded soldiers .
Freedom Alliance ’s 2007 tax returns are n’t much better .
Out of $ 12,459,317 it raised that year , only $ 895,347 –or just 7 % –went to seriously wounded troops and scholarships for fallen troops .
53 % went to expenses , including $ 1,464,627 in postage and $ 1,151,428 in printing .
$ 604,995 went to “ professional fees ” and “ consultants . ”
Out of millions paid for Freedom Concert tickets and raised in fundraisers by Hannity listeners , only $ 596,500 went to college scholarships for soldiers who died in battle , and only $ 299,897 went to horribly injured troops .
208 student children of the fallen got an average of $ 2,868 apiece for tuition , though many got only $ 1,000 or less .
382 soldiers with serious injuries got an average of $ 785 each .
And , again , that year , the amounts given to soldiers with such grave injuries is despicably tiny .
This soldier , from Killeen , Texas , got only $ 500 from Freedom Alliance :
SM was wounded in Iraq on June 18 , 2007 in Digula Province , Baquba , Iraq .
An IED exploded on the truck , he took shrapnel to the face , which cut off a piece of his nose .
Also had shrapnel in throat and cheeks , which cut open his face and the inside of his throat .
This soldier , from Brady , Texas , also received just $ 500 from Freedom Alliance :
While serving in Baghdad Iraq , SM was hit with an IED blast .
Sustained disfigurement , blindness , and superficial burns on face , hearing loss to right ear , TBI , peppered shrapnel to the face and right upper extremity .
And then , there are the 2008 Freedom Alliance tax forms , which were signed in November 2009 and filed only recently .
That year , Freedom Alliance took in $ 8,781,431 in revenue and gave $ 1,060,275.57 total–or just 12 % –to seriously wounded soldiers and for scholarships to kids of the fallen .
Remember , this is well below the 75 % required to be considered a legitimate charity .
And after claiming in written letters to donors that 100 % of the money donated , via the Freedom Concerts or otherwise , to the scholarships would go directly to the scholarships and not to expenses , the Freedom Alliance decided to do the contrary and charge expenses anyway–charging a whopping $ 436,386 to give out $ 802,250 in scholarships .
That means that 35 % of the $ 1,238,636 –all of which was supposed to go to scholarships for these kids of the fallen–went to Freedom Alliance .
Freedom Alliance spent $ 5,375,654–or 61 % of its total revenue earned in 2008 – on expenses , but actually 80 % of the total revenue spent and given out for that year .
That includes $ 1,055,791 spent on postage and $ 925,392 on printing .
It spent $ 157,041 on travel .
Is this the item that includes the money for the alleged Sean Hannity Gulfstream flights ?
Like I said , neither the charity nor Hannity will answer questions .
Meanwhile , 167 students got an average of just $ 4,803.89 each in tuition .
With the amount this charity raises , these kids should all be getting a free ride paid for by Freedom Alliance .
And 299 very seriously injured soldiers got an average of just $ 805.21 each for very grave injuries .
And the heartbreak of their stories and the disgustingly low amount donated to them continues .
This soldier , from Laurel , MD , got just $ 1,000 :
SM lost both legs and one arm , below elbow , due to IED blast .
SM also lost hearing in both ears on April 21 , 2008 .
Wow , while Sean Hannity and his friends at Freedom Alliance are paying their crony consultants hundreds of thousands of dollars , they ’re giving this soldier $ 200 per limb lost or rendered useless .
This soldier , from Fort Sam Houston , Texas ( where my own father was first sent when he was drafted during Vietnam ) , fared even worse in Freedom Alliance ’s “ generosity , ” receiving only $ 165 :
SM is a bilateral amputee with 30 % facial burns sustained during IED blast , 31 May 2008 , OEF .
Just $ 165 for that ?
Pathetic .
And so very tragic .
Since Sean Hannity is always bragging about his phony “ investigations ” ( stuff he just rips off from others ) and “ investigative ” skills , you ’d think he could figure out how to read a tax return and bother to look at Freedom Alliance ’s .
But you would be wrong .
He has neither the skills nor the desire .
He knows better and is well aware that they waste money on him and his luxe accommodations and travel .
But this is n’t about that or truly about helping the troops and the kids of our war dead .
It ’s about promoting himself , the same way Angelina Jolie and Madonna get the press to film them in Africa .
To make matters worse , Hannity deliberately lied to his radio audience about how much money was going to the kids of the fallen American soldiers .
On May 28th of last year , Hannity told his listeners , “ Our new sponsor , Boca Java , just pledged $ 30,000 to the Freedom Concerts .
That will provide a full one - year college scholarship for a kid of a fallen soldier . ”
In fact , Freedom Alliance ’s tax forms indicate it has never given any student more than $ 6,000 in a school year , and usually it ’s been far less .
Many students only get $ 1,000 , which will barely cover anything at most colleges , today .
A Boca Java spokeswoman told me that last year was the coffee purveyor ’s last one sponsoring the Freedom Concerts , as it now donates directly to the troops , sending them free coffee and through sales of its Brew of Bravery .
A friend of mine was one of the artists who performed in Hannity ’s Freedom Concerts and was shocked when I showed him the tax forms and the expenses .
He no longer performs at the concerts because he was tired of the egomania .
Now , he ’s just angry .
“ We paid our own way and for all of our costs and expenses to perform because we thought we were helping the troops and their families and that all the money was going to them . ”
In investigating Freedom Alliance and its tax forms , I learned that the organizations which evaluate charities are entirely worthless .
Freedom Alliance is certified as “ Best in America ” by the “ Independent Charities of America . ”
It is also rated a “ Four Star Charity ” by “ Charity Navigator . ”
Both of these “ ratings ” are posted prominently on Freedom Alliance ’s website , misleading donors into believing they are donating to a worthy cause , when in fact they are mostly donating to a black hole of expenses .
Even Charity Navigator notes in its strange , illogical , and mostly inaccurate Four Star rating that Freedom Alliance has a fund - raising “ efficiency ” of only nine cents on the dollar .
And , in fact , Charity Navigator ’s ridiculous rating formula robotically crunches numbers in a way that considers the money spent mostly on consultants , postage , and printing as having gone to the wounded soldiers and kids of fallen soldiers , when in fact that ’s not where it went at all .
It simply ca n’t be taken seriously .
And I ’m not the only one who noticed .
The comments on Charity Navigator ’s Freedom Alliance page are indicative that those who checked this charity ’s tax forms also note the scam .
“ Wonkling ” wrote :
If you look at the actual 990 , it breaks down its program expenses .
They actually spent more money this past year on postage than they did over the past 4 years on scholarships .
They paid 60 k to an air company , millions to consultants , marketing , fundraising .
Their actual expenditures on funds for children of killed / disabled veterans is far less than what they paid themselves or their consultants .
Having a large capacity ( 4 stars ) should not overshadow a cumbersome efficiency rating ( 2 stars ) .
“ Chickenbone ” wrote :
Since 2003 Freedom Alliance has collected in cash $ 48,241,571 !
Since 2003 they have spent on the Wounded and Dead Veterans and their Families $ 1,781,782 or .036 cents on the dollar , according to their own IRS 990’s !
Yes , Sean Hannity ’s Freedom Concerts are just a giant con .
His gushing lumpenconservatariat fans and listeners actually believe he ’s doing good , while he travels in style around the country feeding his ego .
It ’s a win - win for him .
But it ’s a lose - lose for the donors ( who are mostly hard - working , Middle Americans who want to help our troops and their families and bought concert tickets and held other fundraisers ) and mostly a loser for the kids of the fallen troops and the troops , themselves , who survived with very serious injuries .
You ’ve heard the saying , “ Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel . ”
I love patriotism , but in this case , Sean Hannity ’s “ Freedom Concerts ” and the Freedom Alliance are Exhibit A of that saying .
But they ’re not really patriots .
Not even close .
Their only patriotism is to the faces they see in their mirrors .
Hey , Sean , you ’re a “ Great American . ”
Sadly , the real great Americans –the ones who gave their lives and the ones who survived but gave their limbs and their skin for this country–are getting ripped off .
**** UPDATE , 03/18/10 : Just as I expected , the liars and frauds at Freedom Alliance want to keep the gravy train going for them and their cronies .
So they ’ve issued a “ response , ” which does n’t refute a single fact in here and frankly provides no hard evidence of anything . . . because they do n’t have any .
One of the “ prominent bloggers ” who posted the phony response is Erick Erickson , a guy who supports Rand Paul and the other 9/11 Truther Paul , and who defended Emily , Zanotti , the lunatic who has been stalking me for four years and who praised Muslim death , rape , and torture threats against me and my family .
Yes , sadly , there are a growing number of anti-Semites on the right , and Erick Erickson is one of them .
And the anti-Semites are now the defenders of this rip off of our seriously wounded troops and the kids of our fallen heroes .
Here is my response to their extremely weak PR attempt at CYA :
In fact , the Freedom Alliance “ response ” does n’t answer any of the questions I raised and goes on to lie more .
They do n’t address why they gave a triple amputee only $ 200 — and in fact there are many of these examples provided in their tax return addendum , but I only cited a few for brevity ’s sake .
They also lie and claim that they gave a lot more money to charity b/c they categorize it as “ program expenses . ”
But I ’m sorry — calling $ 3 million in consulting fees , printing , and postage “ program expenses ” does n’t change the fact that it still went to their cronies , not to a fund and not the soldiers who only got on average less than $ 900 apiece .
It also does n’t change the fact that out of the money spent ( I did n’t use the money they claim they raised for their scholarship fund ) the vast majority goes to those kinds of expenses .
Also , the “ scholarship fund ” is really a war chest for something else .
We ’ve been at war since 2001 , when we went into Afghanistan , and we ’re winding down in Iraq .
Unless the kids were born in 2001 or thereafter , many of these kids are in college now and Freedom Alliance is giving them a pittance toward their college tuition , while they continue to build this massive war chest .
With a giant multi-million dollar fund , why are n’t they giving the kids a free , complete ride to college ?
And how many kids of deceased troops will there be in the future ?
Enough to exhaust a multi-million dollar fund ?
Doubtful .
Moreover , because they hoarded millions of dollars , their returns show the fund shrunk by several million dollars with bad investments and market losses .
That money could have put these kids through college for the entire time .
What ’s their excuse for the soldiers with no limbs and with severe burns ?
Are they waiting for two decades from now when technology is better ?
$ 165 for a soldier who is blind and his face blew up ?
No excuse for that .
Their “ response ” is simply a non-response and an attempt to cover up the fraud .
I will be posting more on this and on more fraud at Freedom Alliance , in the coming days .
Stay tuned .
DS
Author Details Author Details Gordon Duff , Senior Editor Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran of the Vietnam War .
He is a disabled veteran and has worked on veterans and POW issues for decades .
Gordon is an accredited diplomat and is generally accepted as one of the top global intelligence specialists .
He manages the world ’s largest private intelligence organization and regularly consults with governments challenged by security issues .
Duff has traveled extensively , is published around the world and is a regular guest on TV and radio in more than “ several ” countries .
He is also a trained chef , wine enthusiast , avid motorcyclist and gunsmith specializing in historical weapons and restoration .
Business experience and interests are in energy and defense technology .
Gordon ’s Latest Posts
Tense Questions : David Cage On Heavy Rain
By Christian Nutt
The PlayStation 3 - exclusive cinematic action title Heavy Rain came out last month to strong sales and high levels of critical acclaim .
While the game has its share of vocal detractors ( many of whom have valid criticisms ) there 's no doubt that the game is bold , takes risks , and is connecting with an audience .
To that end , Gamasutra spoke to the game 's director , David Cage , head of French development studio Quantic Dream .
Quantic Dream made a critical splash a few years ago with Indigo Prophecy -- known also in Europe as Fahrenheit .
Though critics and fans generally agree that the game stumbles by the end , it showed the potential of interactive , cinematic narrative in games .
Many say that promise has come closer to being fulfilled by Heavy Rain .
From the nature of interactivity to the game 's less - than - perfect English voice acting , this interview touches on different facets of this interactive drama -- and includes a few spoilers , too , so be warned .
Something that I 've been thinking about while I 've been playing this game is that very often when you 're playing a game that 's got a psychological component , it concentrates on that .
Say it has shooting mechanics ; they 're not as polished as a shooter , and so the game gets evaluated against shooters and is found lacking .
I felt that your decision to back away from traditional gameplay mechanics actually helped ensure you do n't get compared to other games by the players .
Was that intentional ?
David Cage :
It was ... not intentional , but we became conscious that that would be the result in the end .
In fact , the initial idea was to say : there are some fantastic games out there based on the rules that we 've followed for twenty years .
These games are incredibly well - implemented , they look fantastic , and technology 's great .
They follow , by the book , every single rule that this industry has defined for twenty years .
And still , when you play them , you 've got this strange feeling that they lack something ; they do n't have this depth , this meaning , that you would look for -- because they are based on mechanics , and basically it 's doing the same thing in different levels with different enemies ; basically you do always the same thing .
Sometimes you just stop playing and say , " Why am I doing this , by the way ? "
Yeah , it 's fun , but , when I turn off my console , that 's it .
There is nothing left in me when I stop playing .
When I stop watching a movie that I really like , the movie left something in me that changes my vision , or the way I am , or how I think , or how I see the world , or whatever .
But when I stop playing this game , nothing 's left .
We thought that , if it 's not possible to use these rules and get better results -- emotional results -- maybe it means that the rules are not reliable .
Maybe we should change them ; maybe we should break them and invent new rules that would allow us to go further .
That was exactly how we thought of Heavy Rain .
You put the button prompts in the game .
With Fahrenheit they were at the bottom of the screen , overlayed .
Now they 're in the environment .
Why do it that way ?
DC : In Fahrenheit , you had to look at the 3D world , what you want to interact with : look up and say , " Okay , it 's this movement " , make the move and look down for the result .
Basically , it 's really unfocusing .
What we wanted to achieve is the fact that you look at something , and you know at the same time you want to interact with this .
This is how I 'm supposed to do it , and here I can see the result .
So your attention is focused only on the object , and you got all of the information at the same time .
That was really a challenge ; it was a change we made maybe a year before the end , so it was a massive change .
It really changes the entire look and feel of the game .
We were really scared that it would look strange with symbols flashing here and there -- that people would just feel , " Oh , this is a video game . "
It would remind you all the time that this is a video game .
And in fact , it did n't happen .
We thought it was not that intrusive , and after awhile you do n't see them at all .
There is a balance -- there 's a certain amount of " gaminess " in the game .
Particularly , I 'm thinking about things like the power plant : you 've got the maze through the tunnel , and the challenge with the wires .
How much do you want to stick to gaminess in the design , and how much do you want to back away from it ?
DC : I try to back away , but sometimes I feel bad about this and get to feeling I need to do something a little bit more gamey .
But I 'm happy with the balance in Heavy Rain , because it 's almost like a reference to old games , and old adventure games especially .
There is also the scene with Manfred when you need to get rid of the fingerprints , which is really --
Which , apparently , I screwed up , but I thought I had gotten it right ; but I found out I got into the police station .
DC : You forgot something .
Yeah , and that 's the kind of gameplay mechanics [ we use ] .
Having a little bit of this is fine when it supports the story -- when it's not just something to keep you busy , when it really means something and has its place in the narrative .
That 's fine .
Speaking of that part and also the part when the police are asking Ethan what was Shaun wearing , and what time you were at the park , I did n't expect to have to retain information .
It seems stupid to say that , because that 's the kind of information you would typically retain in real life , but in a game context I 'm going to be more worried about what the challenges are .
I was n't expecting to have to remember those things .
DC : It 's funny that you mention this because that was really something about role - play .
It 's not something if you give the wrong answer everything will collapse and game over and this is it .
It 's just , if you can't even remember the clothes of your son , it really means something about you as a father .
Really , you did n't pay attention , and it was a way to reinforce guilt for the player as the father .
This is just role - play , and this is something I used a lot : not every single action in Heavy Rain has huge consequences .
Sometimes it 's just about the role - play , putting you in the shoes of these characters ; making you feel bad or making you feel guilty or whatever .
I really like this kind of stuff .
Me too !
I was talking to someone last night about this scene towards the beginning where you have custody of Shaun and you have the schedule on the chalkboard , and I did everything .
I got the Good Father trophy .
It 's a " Ding !
You 're a good father . "
And I talked to someone else who 's like , " Yeah , I just let him watch TV ; he threw a temper tantrum , and I gave up on it . "
I 'm like , " Huh . "
At the time , obviously , I felt that , as a player in the role of Ethan , I wanted to be a good father ; I wanted to help his relationship with his son .
But there was also a part of me that was the gamer that was like , " I want to try to achieve the most that I can with this scenario . "
So it worked on two levels .
DC : ( Laughs )
That 's one of my favorite scenes , by the way , in the game , because this is an anti-videogame scene in many ways -- because there 's nothing really to achieve in this scene .
You do n't kill anybody ; there 's no explosions .
It 's not spectacular .
It 's just a father taking care of his son , or not , with time elapsing and night coming and stuff .
I really love when the house becomes really dark in real - time .
There 's something deeply depressing in this scene , and I was really pleased with the results , especially when we showed it for the first time .
We were really nervous because we though , " Oh my God .
What are people going to think about this scene ? "
Because , basically , you do n't do anything really spectacular .
And the feedback we got about this scene was just amazing because , with some people -- I remember a journalist who was raised by his father because his parents divorced , and he was like Shaun , moving to different houses with crates that were never opened because they were moving out .
He felt so depressed about this scene because it truly resonated with his own personal experience .
When you can do that , as a game creator , this is the absolute holy grail -- that 's what you 're looking for .
Chris Hecker has said that in movies the easiest thing to do is shoot a scene of people having a conversation ; in games , that 's the hardest thing to do .
DC : That 's true .
I think that you 're aiming at that .
DC : Dialog in games is usually something very difficult and challenging because , when characters talk , the first the thing the player wants to do is skip , and " Okay , give me control again .
I want to play ; I do n't want to listen to people talking . "
We tried to find solutions to this by first making these dialogs in real - time , which means that you cannot stay forever without knowing what to say , because the dialog continues without you if you do n't choose anything ; and also by trying to create , in some scenes , what we call " dynamic dialogs " , the fact that you 're in control as your characters talk .
That was the case in the scene at the sleazy place where we go with Scott Shelby and meet Lauren for the first time , and you can explore the apartment as you talk to her .
I thought it was interesting because it allowed the player to become an actor , and to participate in the performance .
Depending if you want to sit on the bed with her to talk to her , it 's going to create this strange feeling of proximity and being close to her and trying to be nice to her .
At the same time , if you just look around and take pictures , it really means something different .
Again , it 's about role - play .
And it 's kind of at a subtle level , because you 're not really tracking at that granular level , and it's not having an effect on the consequence of the story or anything .
It 's just about how you feel as the player .
DC : Exactly .
But that was the main focus : it 's how you feel as the player .
I do n't believe that every single action has to have tremendous consequences .
Sometimes , just changing the psychological state of your character and feeling what he feels -- we did a lot , for example , in one of the first sequences to make sure that you feel responsible for what had happened to Jason when he died .
You lost him -- you as the player .
You did n't pay attention ; you lost him in the crowd and could n't save him .
This strange feeling of guilt is something that we really build .
There 's this one part I love in that crappy office in the police station , and there 's a part where he's in withdrawal from Tripto and the room stretches .
It 's a film technique , but since it 's a game you can actually make that a concrete thing , whereas in a film it would have to all be through camera tricks ; but with this you can actually change the geometry of the room .
We 're very good at aping film 's tricks , but we can come up with our own psychological tricks , our own sort of vocabulary ; we construct this world , so we can break it if we want to , too .
DC : Interactivity is a very powerful medium , and we did very little things with it so far : pretty much always the same thing .
Often I use the analogy with the movies .
The first movies , the graphic quality was very low ; there was no sound ; they were black and white ; the frame - rate was really low .
All they could do with it was " the attack of the train " and " the attack of the bank " because it was big and spectacular , and that was fine ; but , as the technology evolved , movie makers were able to tell more subtle things .
So they started maybe with a movie like Metropolis , and then there was Orson Welles and more and more subtle emotions in movies , also because the technology evolved and also because movie makers discovered how to use this technology to treat your emotions .
This is pretty much where we are , I think .
We are at a stage in the industry where we can stop making the attack on the train or the attack on the bank ; we can move to something more subtle now .
We should create our own Metropolis and our own Citizen Kane , probably .
Were you surprised by the success of the game ?
I 'm not an analyst , but I have certain gut feelings about games ; I thought this game would be popular , but I did not expect it to debut at number one in the UK .
It debuted in the top 10 in Japan ; it debuted in the top 10 NPDs in a month against things like BioShock 2 .
Were you anticipating this ?
DC : Yeah , the NPDs for February , and we just had one week in February , which is great .
No , I did n't expect it to be that popular .
I was quite used to having critical acclaim and commercial mid-success .
This is honestly what I was expecting for Heavy Rain .
I think that no one even at Sony was expecting this .
No one even in the most positive reviews we got -- all the critics were saying , " I loved it .
I just hope it 's going to sell , because if it does n't it it will be a pity . "
But I think the success took everybody by surprise , including Sony , because the game was sold out in the UK in two days ; so you could n't find it on the shelves .
You could n't buy it , pretty much , after two days .
So it was really a shock .
And same thing in Japan , which is even more of a surprise : the game is sold out .
You can't buy it .
And that 's great ; I think it means a lot .
It means something because during the development of Heavy Rain , we said , " This game , whether it 's a commercial success or a commercial failure , is going to send a very strong message to the industry about how interested the market is in innovative concepts and games exploring new directions .
If it 's a failure , it 's going to mean that , for the whole industry , ' Do n't change anything !
Continue to make the same games because this is what the market wants , and if you try something else you 'll fail . '
But if the game was a success , it would mean that the market was eager for something deeper and something new . "
And I said that last year , before knowing the reviews and before knowing the sales .
So now I can say , " Look !
The market wants innovation . "
So this is what we should concentrate on now , and Heavy Rain is a very strong message to publishers to take more risks and support innovation .
And support something with a different texture .
I like it for a lot of reasons , but it offers just a totally different texture than other games , both from a gameplay and from a narrative perspective .
DC : Many critics wrote that it was the first game for adults , and , yeah , I take that really as a very strong compliment because most games are for kids and teenagers .
Most games are about feeling powerful and killing monsters and doing spectacular things and just feeling strong .
My son is nine years old , and he loves these games , because he's at the stage where he needs to master his environment ; he needs to become stronger and take confidence and stuff .
These games help him in order to do this .
But when you 're an adult , this is not necessarily what you want to play because you 're beyond this stage .
You expect something else .
I hope that there will be more games dealing with a major audience .
We should n't make only games for kids and teenagers .
Sega 's Yakuza
The first game I thought was really for adults was -- Sega has a series called Yakuza , and they 're gangster dramas .
I would put the story on par with Heavy Rain , but the main game part is a punching , kicking fighting game : beating guys up .
It 's a fun game , and as a gamer I like it , but I think that you have a hard time reconciling those two parts .
DC : The most important thing for me with Heavy Rain was not to put violence at the center .
Violence can be used as a narrative device when it supports the story or the characterization , but it 's not the end goal ; it 's not the core of the experience .
In Heavy Rain , that 's the big difference , because in most games what you do is kill , destroy .
In Heavy Rain , you make choices , and these choices could be to kiss someone or not to kiss someone ; it could be to help someone or not to help someone .
It could be just to make a decision affecting your psychology or how you feel about your character .
I think that was the most important thing .
An analyst wrote that , before the game was released , no matter how good the game would be , it would never sell .
He said the reason for that is that gamers do n't want to think when they play .
I thought that was the most horrible thing to write and to say because that 's so totally wrong .
People playing games are just people !
And you 're thinking all the time when you 're playing games !
DC : Yeah , absolutely .
Absolutely .
It 's absurd ; thinking and feeling is a pleasure .
When you go to a movie theater and watch a film , you really enjoy thinking and feeling and trying to guess what 's going on .
It resonates with you as a human being , and I see no reason why videogames should be any different .
When I 'm playing a game -- like God of War -- yes , it 's violent , but I think that violence is abstracted .
Even when it 's realistic , you know it 's not a realistic context .
But if you want to up the realism of the narrative -- up the realism of the world -- then suddenly the violence is , in the case of Yakuza , incongruous .
You have the abstract , concrete ; abstract , concrete -- a switch back and forth .
Walking down a street in Tokyo , even if you 're a gangster , you 're not going to get into fistfights with -- by the time you beat that game , we 're talking like 2,000 guys or something .
( Laughs )
You know what I mean ?
It 's just not realistic .
DC : Well , that 's the problem with most action games : that the story , at some point , needs to justify that the hero goes from jungle level to the snow level to the sand level , so this is already something difficult .
It also has to justify that there are zillions of people attacking you all the time wherever you are ; there are people shooting at you because this is what the game is about .
So it 's really difficult to have decent storytelling in most games , and I think that games like Uncharted 2 or God of War III did a great job at that , trying to have a story really supporting the experience .
At the same time , I made a different decision , which was to get rid of the violence , the mechanics , the patterns in the gameplay .
I think that this is not an absolute necessity ; there are other ways of offering gameplay than using the same loops in a way .
Did you kill the drug dealer ?
Yes .
DC : No hesitation ?
Yes , there was hesitation .
In fact , after I did that part , I got up at the next break and grabbed my roommate who had already beaten the game , and I said , " Did you kill the drug dealer ? " I had to ask him immediately .
I had to compare notes .
Yeah , there was hesitation ; that was a moment where I said , " Look .
I know I 'm playing a game , so I can ... "
I knew I had that power because there was n't a real consequence .
So I was able to play around with that .
DC : But is it something you would have done personally , in real life ?
It 's so hard to say .
We 're talking about a scenario that 's very -- I do n't have kids , so I do n't have that bond .
I can't anticipate what my reaction would be in this scenario at all .
DC : It 's difficult to tell what you would do .
Did you cut your finger ?
Yeah .
I 've done everything , basically .
DC : Okay .
Did you kill the religious guy ?
No , I did n't ; I saved him .
think I do behave differently with the different characters -- with Jayden , I really do n't like the other cop .
I mean me ; I do n't like him .
I do n't like him at all , and I like the rational approach .
DC : That 's funny .
Many people shot the religious guy when he takes the crucifix out because they thought it was a gun , and it 's incredible how many people shot him .
It 's funny .
Why 'd you record the English voices in France ?
I think that 's a common criticism of the game .
DC : Yeah .
It 's really funny because most of the actors are American , actually .
Scott Shelby , Madison Paige , Carter Blake .
There are a couple of English actors : Ethan and Jayden are English actors , actually .
But there are no French actors .
I have n't heard the English voice acting because I was about a week late in starting it , and everyone I talked to said , " Play it in French with subtitles . "
DC : ( Scoffs ) That 's absurd .
Really ?
You think ?
DC : Yeah , it 's absurd .
I think the English version is really the real version ; the original version .
But some people probably complained about the accent , and this is something we tried to care about ; but actors have so many technical constraints on stage that it was really difficult to fight for everything .
They needed to know their lines by heart .
Facial animation ...
Many technical constraints .
A lot of text to record .
Plus , you want them to act and to deliver their lines , etc. etc .
So , yeah , we 'll probably pay more attention to that and probably work with American actors only in the next game to make sure that this is not in the way .
How did you do the recording ?
Did you just record them in booths , or did you actually have people acting together ?
DC : We actually shot in a sound booth for facial animation because it's a different camera setup .
They had an actor delivering the lines to them ; they were actually acting with someone .
That 's just another thing that 's different in games ; finding the footing , as we move into these more dramatic , serious games that require really convincing acting .
To have Kratos shouting like , " Ah , Ares , I 'm gonna fucking kill you ! " does n't require the same sort of depth as a guy screaming about his son getting run over by a car .
DC : Mm ; agreed .
You know , the cast was really amazing ; there are some really great actors .
We gave them so many technical constraints , and we 're working on this .
The goal is not to find better actors ; the goal is to find ways of allowing them to deliver with less constraints .
That 's the main goal .
But we learn , we discover , we improve the technology and the way it produces kind of things .
I also notice that many people felt the emotions that we wanted them to feel , and it 's also due to the acting .
Oh , yeah !
Even my friends and people I 've spoken to -- everyone is feeling the emotions of the game .
Well , not everyone ; you have to be aware that there are people who totally do n't like the game at all , and that 's going to happen with any piece of media or art .
DC : Very few , to be honest .
Very few , to my big surprise .
( Laughs )
Did you feel like you had to set the game in America to appeal to the widest audience ?
Why not set it in France ?
DC : Well , because the genre 's really a dark thriller , and it made sense -- as this is a very codified genre -- to use the rules of the genre ; and the rule is it takes place usually in the U.S.
There are some great thrillers taking place in South Korea , which is also very interesting ; so I 'm not saying it was impossible to set in France , but that was not how I felt about it .
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
Personal Injury Attorney in Mountain View , California
The Law Offices of Brian J. O'Grady is a Santa Clara County personal injury law firm located in Mountain View , California with over 40 years of experience .
Our law firm has significant experience handling all personal injury matters , including auto accidents , slip & falls , defective products , construction accidents and much more .
Brian J. O’Grady , founder and principal attorney , has earned a strong reputation as a leading litigator in the Silicon Valley area .
Lawyers regularly turn to him for litigation assistance ; many of his cases have been referrals .
If you have been injured and would like a free consultation to discuss your case , contact The Law Offices of Brian J. O’Grady .
Get A Free Consultation
On his Morning Joe program on MSNBC on March 24 , 2010 , host Joe Scarborough , a former Republican congressman from Florida , sparred with Sen. Dick Durbin over the tax effects of the health care reform bill .
In the course of less than a minute , the bill was alternately described as " the largest tax increase in U.S. history " ( Scarborough ) and " the biggest tax cut in history " ( Durbin ) .
This seemed like a good place to step in and referee .
First , here 's the full context of the exchange between Scarborough and Durbin .
" If this fall 's election is going to be a referendum on this health care bill , " Scarborough said to Durbin .
" What should Democrats do when their opponents say , correctly , this is the largest tax increase in U.S. history ?
And it was passed at a time when we 've got 17 percent real unemployment .
And also , it 's a further expansion of the federal government at a time when that worries a lot of Americans . "
" Joe , I keep hearing you every morning talking about the biggest tax increase in history , but you do n't mention it's also the biggest tax cut in history , " Durbin responded .
" We have almost $ 500 billion in tax cuts .
And the tax cuts go to small businesses to help pay for health insurance premiums .
They 're going to go to individuals who can't afford their health insurance premiums .
It 's really going to make certain everybody has a chance for affordable health insurance . "
We 'll deal specifically with Durbin 's claim in a separate item .
Here , we 'll tackle Scarborough 's claim the health bill is " the largest tax increase in U.S. history . "
On the tax increase side , here are the biggies , along with what the government 's Joint Committee on Taxation estimates they will bring in over the next 10 years :
• Starting in 2013 , an increase in the Medicare payroll tax by 0.9 percent on incomes over $ 200,000 ( $ 250,000 for couples filing jointly ) .
Also , people at this income level would pay a new 3.8 percent tax on investment income .
The 10 - year cost : $ 210.2 billion .
• Starting in 2018 , a new 40 percent excise tax on high - cost health plans , so - called " Cadillac plans , " over $ 10,200 for individuals , $ 27,500 for families .
That 's expected to bring the government a total of $ 32 billion in 2018 and 2019 .
• Starting in 2011 , new annual fees on pharmaceutical manufacturers and importers .
That 's expected to raise $ 27 billion over 10 years .
• Starting in 2014 , a 2.3 percent excise tax on manufacturers and importers of certain medical devices .
The 10 - year total : $ 20 billion .
• Starting in 2014 , a new annual fee on health insurance providers .
Total estimated 10 - year revenue : $ 60.1 billion .
• Starting in 2013 , the floor on medical expense deductions will be raised from 7.5 percent to 10 percent of income .
That 's expected to bring in $ 15.2 billion over the next 10 years .
• Starting in 2011 , a 10 percent excise tax on indoor tanning services .
That 's expected to bring in $ 2.7 billion over the next 10 years .
In all , the Joint Committee on Taxation estimates various revenue - generating provisions in the health bill will bring $ 437 billion over the next 10 years .
When it comes to tax cuts in the health bill , that 's a matter of some debate .
The plan includes government money to subsidize the cost of health insurance for lower income people who do n't get insurance through their employer .
Those subsidies , which are estimated to amount to $ 464 billion over 10 years , are paid directly to the insurance companies .
They come via tax credits , but many Republicans and tax experts argue those should n't count as tax cuts .
We 'll get into that in more detail in the fact - check on Durbin 's claim .
There 's also a no - doubt - about - it tax cut for some very small businesses that kicks in immediately , and allows them to write off a portion of the cost of providing insurance to their employees .
That 's expected to cost the government $ 40 billion over 10 years .
" There are big chunks of money coming in and big chunks of money going out , " said Linda Blumberg , a health policy expert at the Urban Institute .
So let 's talk net .
The government 's nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimated the changes in direct spending and revenue effects of the health care reform bill ( as well as the reconciliation bill , which has yet to pass ) and concluded the total net effect is that the bill would bring in an additional $ 525 billion in total revenues over the next 10 years .
Does that translate to the biggest tax increase ever ?
Let 's first agree to some ground rules .
For starters , it does n't make sense to compare , say , 2019 dollars to 1985 dollars .
You have to adjust for inflation , or express the amount as a total of Gross Domestic Product at the time .
The Republican calculation also uses the 10 - year total effect of the net revenue gain , while in decades past , the Joint Committee on Taxation used to analyze tax provisions only in a 5 - year window .
Jim Horney , director of federal fiscal policy at the left - leaning Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , thinks it makes the most sense to look at the last year of the 10 - year CBO projections for the health care reform bill .
By then , the plan is fully phased in , including the full effect of all the tax cuts and tax hikes .
In that year , the total revenue increase is estimated to be $ 104 billion .
That comes to a little less than 1/2 percent of the projected GDP that year .
Horney notes that that 's slightly smaller than the tax effect in the fifth years of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 ( a tax increase signed by President George H.W. Bush ) and the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 ( a tax increase signed by President Bill Clinton ) , as a percentage of the GDP at the time .
And it 's less than half of the tax increase ( again as a percentage of GDP ) from the Tax Equity And Fiscal Responsibility Act signed by President Ronald Reagan .
" CBO says the net effect on revenues is that it is an increase , " Horney said .
" It 's not insignificant .
But it is far from being the largest tax increase in recent history . "
William Ahern with the Tax Foundation , a business - backed tax policy group , said total new revenues of $ 525 billion over 10 years is n't close to the size of the Clinton tax hike in 1993 or the Reagan tax hike in 1982 .
However , he said , a rigorous comparison can't be made because in 1982 and 1993 , the Joint Committee on Taxation only did five - year estimates .
Blumberg , of the Urban Institute , said both Republicans and Democrats would be wise to get away from the " biggest " jargon .
Again , here we 're are looking at Scarborough 's side of the hyperbole wars .
There 's ample evidence that the health care bills result in a net tax increase .
But when Scarborough characterized it as " the largest tax increase in U.S. history , " that does n't hold up when you level the playing field and compare several tax increases in recent decades to the GDP at the time .
And so we rate his claim False .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Editors ’ note :
When this was first published , Americans were seething at Wall Street for crashing the economy , only to emerge from the wreckage with barely a scratch .
Nearly two years later , it ’s as relevant as ever .
For more on how Wall Street has made out like a bandit , see our charts on the executives who profited from the bailout , the true size of the bailout , and how the banks became “ too big too fail . ”
MAYBE WALL STREET should open a casino right there on the corner of Broad , because these guys simply cannot lose .
After kneecapping the global economy , costing millions their homes and livelihoods , and saddling our grandchildren with massive debt — after all that , they ’re cashing in their bonuses from 2008 .
That ’s right , 2008 — when amid the gnashing of teeth and rending of garments over the $ 700 billion TARP legislation ( a mere 5 percent of a $ 14 trillion bailout ; see “ The Real Size of the Bailout “ ) , humiliated banks rolled back executive bonuses .
Or so we thought :
In fact , those bonuses were simply reconfigured to have a higher proportion of company stock .
Those shares were n’t worth so much at the time , as the execs made a point of telling Congress , but that meant they could only go up , and by the time they did , the public ( suckers ! ) would have forgotten the whole exercise .
It worked out beautifully :
The value of JPMorgan Chase ‘s 2008 bonuses has increased 20 percent to $ 10.5 billion , an average of nearly $ 6 million for the top 200 execs .
Goldman ‘s 2008 bonuses are worth $ 7.8 billion .
And why are bank stocks worth more now ?
Because of the bailout , of course .
Bankers are n’t being rewarded for pulling the economy out of the doldrums .
Nope , they ’re simply skimming from the trillions we ’ve shoveled at them .
The house always wins .
Indeed , 2009 bonuses are expected to be 30 to 40 percent higher than 2008’s .
And do n’t forget AIG , which paid the same division that helped cook up collateral debt obligations and credit default swaps “ retention bonuses ” worth $ 475 million , in some execs ’ cases 36 times their base salaries .
As anyone who watches Dog Whisperer knows , rewarding bad behavior produces more of the same — so it ’s no surprise that Wall Street is back to business as usual .
Derivatives are still unregulated ( thanks , Congress ! ) , exotic sliced - and - diced securities are being resliced and rediced , and the biggest offenders in peddling subprime mortgages ?
They are raking in millions in federal grants to — wait for it — fix subprime mortgages .
And the worst part ?
These fat - cat recidivists do n’t even have the decency to fake contrition .
The New York Times ‘ Andrew Ross Sorkin says that whenever he asked Wall Street CEOs “ Do you have any remorse ?
Are you sorry ?
The answer , almost unequivocally , was no . ”
When asked by MoJo‘s Stephanie Mencimer if he regretted helping to bring down the economy , former AIG CEO Hank Greenberg said flatly , “ No . I think we had a very good record . ” Lloyd Blankfein , Goldman Sachs ’ CEO ( his haul between 2006 - 2008 : $ 157 million ) went so far as to tell the Times of London , “ We help companies to grow by helping them to raise capital .
It ’s a virtuous cycle .
We have a social purpose . ”
Bankers like him are “ doing God ’s work . ”
When asked if he regretted helping to bring down the economy , former AIG CEO Hank Greenberg said flatly , “ No . I think we had a very good record . ”
This is blasphemy worthy — along with usury — of the 7th circle of hell .
And while Goldman ’s PR minions , visions of pitchforks dancing in their heads , coaxed Blankfein into coughing up a lame apology , the comment perfectly distilled the Kool - Aid Wall Street has forced down our throats .
MoJo‘s Kevin Drum sums it up in his investigation of Wall Street ’s outsize influence in Washington : Political payola — $ 475 million in campaign contributions just in the 2008 cycle — is only part of it .
Something more insidious is at work .
“ Unlike most industries , which everyone recognizes are merely lobbying in their own self - interest , the finance industry successfully convinced everyone that deregulating finance was not only safe , but self - evidently good for the entire economy , Wall Street and Main Street alike , ” he writes .
Some call this phenomenon “ intellectual capture , ” he adds , but “ considering what ’s happened over the past couple of years , we might better call it Stockholm syndrome . ”
Sure enough , as our Washington bureau chief David Corn reports , pollsters have been surprised to find that while Americans are angry about the economy , they often blame not the bankers , but politicians — and even themselves .
We spent too much , the logic goes , and now we ’re reaping the rewards .
There ’s some validity to that — we all played along as if the good times would never end .
But who sold us this crock ?
Wall Street and its troubadours , from faux regulators like Alan Greenspan to so - called financial journalists like Jim “ Mad Dog ” Cramer .
And actually , when it comes to restraint and humility , consumers seem to be the only ones learning their lesson .
Personal savings are up for the first time in decades ; spending is down .
Why ?
Because we , the little people , actually felt the pain of the crash .
New incentives , new behavior .
Not so on Wall Street ; not so in Washington .
It ’s not too late .
If nothing else , last summer ’s tea parties showed that politicians will listen to popular outrage — when it seems to threaten their jobs .
What if , as Nobel - winning economist Joe Stiglitz suggests , we foreclosed on bankers and politicians who are morally bankrupt ?
What if people started showing up at town halls demanding accountability from those who gambled away their jobs and homes ?
There is plenty of blame to go around .
Let ’s start putting some of it back where it belongs .
You can expect well over 300 days of good flying / training weather here in San Diego .
This helps accelerate our training programs , and save you both time and money .
On average , there can be 3 months or more of poor flying and training conditions in other states , that includes Florida and Texas .
Many prospective students do not take this into consideration , and require additional funding for longer accommodation stays , more food , and other relevant costly necessities .
The majority of our cadets are international students from all over the world .
We offer structured courses that give students the best learning environment both in class , and during practical flight training .
Our 200-300 hour career - path courses can generally last 8 to 14 months to complete .
In addition , we offer a variety of other licenses and ratings that allow students to meet other requirements based on their career needs .
In short , we will do what is necessary to meet your goals !
Here are just a few reasons why choosing AAA is right for you !
• Climate and overall flying conditions
• Perfect airport location for simple and complex air traffic
• Structured FAA part 141 training programs
• EASA training programs from Private pilot through commercial
• EASA Night rating courses and RT certification
• EASA ATPL distance learning program
• CFI / CFII /MEI training programs
• Knowledgeable and experienced staff
• Specializing in international student pilot training
• Streamline Visa processing ( SEVIS approved )
• English language training environment ( ICOA level 4 - 6 standard )
• 8 pilot briefing rooms , student and Instructor lounges
• Furnished student accommodations close to the school
• Shuttle service throughout the school days
• Easy access to public transit , and new trolley system near school
• Cultural diversity throughout the school and San Diego
FAA Training Programs
We offer FAA part 141 as well as part 61 training programs , depending on your specific aviation goals .
This is an ICAO license with worldwide recognition .
FAA part 141 programs are more desirable for a number of reasons , domestically as well as globally .
Part 141 is often a prerequisite for many aviation authorities or industries around the world when following a career - pilot path .
FAA licenses are easily converted just about anywhere in the world .
These licenses are also the global “ Gold standard ” for the world of Aviation .
This program reduces the total hours necessary to be eligible to take the desired pilot certification test .
The part 141 career pilot program is a fast paced and structured course that takes you from Private pilot certification , Instrument Rating , and then finally through Commercial pilot certification .
Under this program , ground school and flight training are run concurrently to optimize students ’ progress .
Ground school classes typically run 4 weeks and start almost every month .
The advantage of the ground school is that there are other students taking the class , which helps when studying for the exams .
AAA also offers a part 61 program which is perfect for students who cannot commit to full time student status , or need a more customizable program to help them reach their goals .
Whichever program you choose , AAA is dedicated to providing quality instruction , and helping you reach your goals as quickly and efficiently as possible .
EASA Training Programs
American Aviation Academy is one of a few flight schools in the United States authorized to instruct candidates who seek to hold these European licenses .
We are authorized to instruct for : Private Pilot License ( PPL ) , Commercial Pilot License ( CPL ) in either single - engine or multi-engine aircrafts .
In addition to these programs , AAA also conducts the ATPL course through distance learning , and then administer at least 10 % of this program in a classroom at our school .
European prospective pilots seeking airline careers can follow these training programs with us :
Stage 1 : Private Pilot License course under FAA part 141 structures .
Stage 2 : ATPL distance learning course , including ground sessions conducted at our flight academy .
Stage 3 : Instrument rating course under FAA part 141 structures .
Stage 4 : Structure hour - building to meet the minimum requirement before undertaking the EASA CPL - ME modular course .
Stage 5 : EASA Commercial Pilot license course ( Multi or single engine )
Stage 6 : FAA IR conversion to an EASA IR at an approved center in Europe .
Stage 7 : Enroll into an MCC ( Multi cooperation cockpit ) course to complete your EASA ATPL license .
You are now ready for your airline career to start !
There 's a game I 've been playing recently .
Any time I read the news and get depressed about the parlous state of our world , I type " Bolivia " into Google news and wait for the results .
It 's really all you need to brighten up your day .
In the last month things such as this have popped up : Bolivian women spearhead Morales revolution , which describes the decision by Bolivia 's president , Evo Morales , to stock half his new cabinet with women , nearly half of them indigenous .
More recently there was this : Bolivian president donates half pay to victims , which detailed Morales and his vice president Alvaro García 's decision to donate half their March salaries to help the victims of the Haiti and Chile earthquakes .
What is happening in Bolivia now – and has been since MAS , or Movimiento al Socalismo , came to power in 2005 – is truly inspiring .
There has been a lot of talk about how the left is dead and Francis Fukayama 's " End of History " means we all have to accept that a global economic system that creates obscene inequalities and mass starvation is the highest stage of social and economic organisation our species can attain .
That might be true for an academic at Johns Hopkins , but for everyone else looking to the future and something to fight for , I ask them to kindly divert their gaze to Bolivia .
It is the closest thing we have to real democratic socialism : a government , but more importantly a grassroots movement , committed to economic and gender equality , anti-racism , free speech and every other ideal the left should hold dear .
In December last year MAS won their second five - year term with 67 % of the public vote , more than double the percentage won by their nearest opponent , Manfred Reyes Villa .
The re-election of an incumbent was particularly exceptional in Bolivia .
A country often dismissed by regional experts as " ungovernable " due to its bloody history of military coups and mass public protests , it has seen only a handful of presidents complete their terms in office .
The FT now calls Morales " one of Latin America 's most popular leaders " .
Morales 's landslide victory was a clear sign of public support for the present administration and the extensive social reforms they have implemented .
On coming to power in 2005 , Morales pledged to see through a " democratic revolution " in an attempt to alleviate poverty in Bolivia , the poorest country in South America .
The democratic revolution had its genesis in 2000 in what were called the " water wars " , centred in the city of Cochabamba .
The water industry had just been privatised with the help of the neoliberal government and the IMF and was run now by the US corporation Bechtel .
Prices soared and police were even instructed to arrest people collecting rainwater to bypass the new prices .
The indigenous community was up in arms and Bechtel was forced out by the local communities .
The indigenous movement , which is based around small micro-democratic communities , went on to blockade La Paz .
The government shot dead a score of protesters in 2005 , before the presidential incumbent was forced out and fled to Miami .
When Morales was elected he became the country 's first indigenous president and his party embarked on a programme of " decolonising the state " .
For Latin America , the election of an indigenous leader had the same poignancy as Barack Obama 's election in the US .
Throughout his mandate Morales has determinedly pursued a programme of social change , including the part - nationalisation of the country 's energy resources and a surge in social spending that has focused on conditional cash transfers ( whereby payments have been made to poor families on the condition that they send their children to school . )
These measures have seen Bolivia record a fiscal surplus for the first time in 30 years ; the country has been predicted a higher growth rate this year than anywhere else in the Americas ; and poverty levels have dropped continually since MAS came to power .
Even the head of the IMF 's western hemisphere countries unit has praised the Morales government for what he referred to as its " very responsible " macroeconomic policies .
The backbone of Morales 's reform programme was the creation of a new Bolivian constitution , which was ratified by a public referendum in 2009 .
Morales has signalled that he will make the implementation of the new constitution his main legislative priority at the start of his second term .
In a country that is often compared to apartheid South Africa , as the stark divisions of poverty and inequality are marked along racial lines , this constitution represents Bolivia 's Freedom Charter .
The texture of the modern Bolivian revolution is different to that of Hugo Chávez 's Venezuela .
It is a much more bottom - up revolution , and Morales is kept on a tight leash by the democratic movement that was behind his rise to power in a way Chávez is n't .
As you look to our election battle between a Labour government that has been in power for 13 years and allowed inequality to worsen and a Conservative cabinet full of reactionary Old Etonians , it 's easy to despair .
But when you do , look to Bolivia .
The future lies in that small landlocked Latin American country of 9 million people .
Bryan Griffiths denies manslaughter by gross negligence A hunt supporter was killed instantly when he was hit by a gyrocopter 's propeller blade spinning at 200 mph , a court heard .
Bryan Griffiths , 54 , of Bedworth , has pleaded not guilty of the manslaughter of Trevor Morse by gross negligence .
Mr Morse , a committee member with the Warwickshire Hunt , died at Long Marston Airfield , Stratford - upon - Avon , in 2009 .
Prosecutors told the court Mr Morse 's head was split and his death was instantaneous .
Birmingham Crown Court heard Mr Morse had been trying to stop Mr Griffiths , of Wiltshire Close , Bedworth , from taking off at the airport after stopping to refuel .
The court also heard Mr Morse , 48 , refused to move out of the way as Mr Griffiths moved towards him and he was caught by the rear propeller - which was spinning at nearly 200 mph .
We say the defendant deliberately chose to drive quickly at Mr Morse and face the consequences , when he could have driven slowly towards Mr Morse until he had a gap
Gareth Evans QC
The incident happened on 9 March 2009 .
Prosecuting , Gareth Evans QC said Mr Morse had been deliberately trying to stop the gyrocopter from taking off .
" That gyrocopter was being driven by this defendant along the runway of Long Marston airfield in Warwickshire , " he said .
" The blade of the rear propeller cleaved Mr Morse 's head from top to bottom .
Mercifully death was instantaneous . "
Mr Griffiths is criminally liable for the death , he said .
" We say he is guilty of manslaughter , we say he caused Trevor Morse 's death by his own gross negligence . "
Stand off Mr Morse had spotted the gyrocopter going to Long Marston to refuel .
He got in a Land Rover with another hunt supporter and went to confront the pilot .
The jury was shown a video clip of a stand off between the two .
A voice can be heard telling Mr Morse that he is obstructing take - off , and the propellers can be heard to speed up , followed by a bang .
The video is then cut at that point , then cut again to show him lying on the ground .
Mr Evans said there was no doubt that Mr Morse wanted to stop the gyrocopter from taking off .
He also said Mr Griffiths had not gently inched his way in the gyrocopter towards Mr Morse but had travelled at speed .
" We say the defendant deliberately chose to drive quickly at Mr Morse and face the consequences , when he could have driven slowly towards Mr Morse until he had a gap . "
' Just not on '
In an interview , Mr Griffiths had told police he was aiming for a gap when he drove the gyrocopter and the jury were asked to consider this when watching the video .
Mr Evans said Mr Griffiths was saying he did nothing criminal and that his actions may have been deliberate but out of necessity .
The prosecutor told the court : " We say that 's just not on .
" Mr Morse had made no threats , he had made no attempts to take the keys or prevent the refuelling operation and we say at all times was adopting a passive , obstructive stance . "
The case continues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Andrew Liszewski
How many times have you accidentally left the milk out on the kitchen counter , and wondered if it was still safe to drink ?
Well Cravendale , a UK - based dairy , has developed a new milk jug that takes the guesswork out of whether or not its contents have soured .
The technology used in the jug was discovered by the company ’s R&D team while researching the bacteria that actually turns milk sour , and is essentially a unique PH sensor that ’s built into its base .
When sour milk is detected , a small LCD display on the outside of the jug changes from ‘ Fresh ’ to ‘ Sour ’ and if that does n’t get the message across , it also incorporates an “ innovative alarm system ” so there ’s no question you probably should n’t drink it .
There ’s no word on whether or not Cravendale plans to actually put the jug into production , but it ’s hoped that the technology could one day drastically reduce the amount of milk that is thrown away because people just are n’t sure if it ’s safe to drink or not .
[ PR – Cravendale – Revealed : A Magic Milk Jug ]
VIA [ Tech Chee ]
Eleven rare Siberian tigers have died at a cash - strapped zoo in China , heightening concerns about conditions at wildlife facilities in the country .
The tigers were reportedly starving and kept in small cages .
The tigers died in the past three months at Shenyang Forest Wild Animal Zoo , located in the country 's cold northeast region , officials and state media said Friday .
These Siberian tiger cubs are among an estimated 50 or fewer tigers left living in the wild in China .
( ( Jacky Chen / Reuters ) )
Reports said the tigers had been fed nothing but chicken bones and starved to death .
A zoo manager said unspecified diseases killed the animals during the harsh winter .
Siberian tigers are one of the world 's rarest species .
There are an estimated 300 left in the wild , of which 50 are in China .
About 5,000 are held captive on farms and wildlife parks across China .
Tiger numbers dwindling
The deaths underscore the conflicting signals in China 's attempts to save its dwindling number of tigers .
While extensive conservation efforts are underway , animal protection groups say zoos and wildlife parks may be deliberately breeding more animals than they can afford , hoping to sell off the carcasses onto a black market where tiger parts fetch a high price for use in traditional medicines and liquor .
" We 've seen cases where zoos have steeped the bones from their deceased tigers in liquor to sell to visitors , " said Hua Ning , project director for the China branch of the International Fund for Animal Welfare .
Zoo spokesman Wu Xi however insisted the animals died from " various diseases " that were hard for them to endure because of this year 's unusually harsh winter .
He said the tigers were kept in cages indoors because of the bitter cold .
Wu would n't specify what diseases the animals had .
A zoo official denied there were plans to sell the animals ' body parts .
China banned the sale of tiger parts and the use of tiger parts in Chinese medicine in 1993 , imposing stiff sentences on offenders , but tiger bone , penis , pelts and other parts are still sold illegally to consumers – some who believe the products increase potency or can cure ailments from convulsions to skin disease .
Manchester United have turned down the chance to sign David Villa , the Spain striker , because of the financial restrictions placed upon Sir Alex Ferguson by the club 's ruling Glazer family .
Villa , one of the most revered forwards in the world during five prolific years at Valencia , is to leave the Mestalla in the summer and , after initially stating that he wanted to stay in Spain and move to either Barcelona or Real Madrid , has changed his position with information reaching United in the last few weeks that they are his preferred destination .
Ferguson is a long - time admirer of the 28 - year - old but Valencia want around £ 35 m to £ 40 m and United 's position is that the fee will have to be lowered otherwise it will be financially prohibitive at a time when the club has accrued debts in excess of £ 700 m .
This is despite Ferguson 's repeated insistence that the balance from the £ 80 m sale of Cristiano Ronaldo to Real Madrid last summer is available , United having already spent £ 20 m .
Instead , United responded to their eliminationfrom the Champions League by announcing that they had agreed a deal with Chivas de Guadalajara to sign the Mexico striker Javier Hernández , dependent on the 21 - year - old gaining a work permit .
Hernández , also known as Chicharito or " Little Pea " , has passed a medical and becomes the seventh striker on United 's payroll alongside Wayne Rooney , Michael Owen , Dimitar Berbatov , Federico Macheda , Daniel Welbeck and Mame Biram Diouf .
However , his arrival for an undisclosed fee will do little to dispel growing concerns among United supporters that Ferguson is being deprived of significant transfer funds to bring in a player who can ease the level of dependence on Rooney .
Villa would have been one such man , second only to Raúl in La Liga 's list of all - time scorers , and is so intrigued by the possibility of playing in the Premier League he is already taking English lessons .
He has also spoken to Fernando Torres , his international team - mate , about Liverpool but accepted they would not be able to afford him .
Villa thinks less favourably of Chelsea and Manchester City , the two clubs who would have fewer problems matching the fee .
As well as currently being out of United 's price range , however , Villa does not fit the Glazers ' policy of avoiding spending large sums on players who are 26 or above and who would , in theory , have little resale value at the end of a four - or five - year contract .
The club made an exception for Dimitar Berbatov , who was 27 when he signed from Tottenham Hotspur for £ 30.75 m in September 2008 , but that transfer has been described by the chief executive , David Gill , as the last of its kind .
Hernández has scored 11 goals in Mexico's Primera División this season , putting him joint third in the scoring charts , and has won four caps , scoring against New Zealand , Bolivia and North Korea .
As part of the deal , United will play a friendly to open the new Chivas stadium in July .
" I am delighted to reach agreement with Chivas to bring in such an exciting young striker , who has been in such prolific form for both his club and his country , " Ferguson said .
" He will be a great addition to our squad and we look forward to welcoming our first Mexican player in the summer . "
" I feel like I am living a dream , " Hernández told the club 's television station .
" All the impressions I have of the club are good and Sir Alex Ferguson is a great person , maybe the best coach in the world . "
The signing was announced as Wayne Rooney underwent further tests on the ankle injury he aggravated during the Champions League quarter - final against Bayern Munich on Wednesday .
Rooney had initially been ruled out of the match and is in danger of missing Sunday 's game at Blackburn Rovers , but Ferguson said he did not regret rushing him back .
" I never force the medical staff into anything , " he said .
" It is important they make the right decisions about players ' fitness .
And they made the right decision .
The medical staff did not see any problem . "
The Football Association has been monitoring the situation closely but , despite Fabio Capello 's obvious concerns about seeing his main striker limp off for a second time in eight days , England 's management team are said to understand United 's position and the reasons for playing Rooney .
Capello and his medical team had been aware since last weekend that there was a good chance Rooney could play and that the injury was nothing like as serious as Ferguson had portrayed when he ruled the player out for up to three weeks .
After Wednesday 's game Ferguson accused Bayern 's players of deliberately targeting Rooney and he was also angered by the way they had surrounded the Italian referee , Nicola Rizzoli , to demand that Rafael da Silva be sent off for a second bookable offence .
United 's manager described them as " typical Germans " and the Bayern president , Uli Hoeness , condemned those comments yesterday .
" When we lost the Champions League against Manchester United in 1999 we lost like gentlemen , " Hoeness said .
" We were good and fair losers and I think that 's what Manchester should do now .
It 's an over - reaction on his part , maybe because he is disappointed to lose .
Normally he is a fine gentleman but I think what he has said is not right . "
A Houston judge who declared the death penalty unconstitutional Thursday clarified his ruling in an impromptu hearing Friday , saying he ruled the procedures surrounding the process in Texas are illegal .
During Friday 's hearing , prosecutors filed motions asking state District Judge Kevin Fine to reconsider his ruling and also to proceed with April 's death penalty trial of John Edward Green Jr. Fine maintained at the hearing that he believes innocent people have been executed .
Fine 's clarification came in the wake of a firestorm of criticism from District Attorney Pat Lykos , the Texas Attorney General 's Office and Gov. Rick Perry protesting that Fine ignored well - settled law .
Fine is expected to rule on the motions next week .
He did not return calls for comment Friday .
When asked direct questions Thursday about his ruling , Fine said he was declaring the death penalty unconstitutional because he believes innocent people have been executed .
Dissecting the ruling
Friday ,
Fine clarified that he declared the procedures Texas has in place to carry out the death penalty unconstitutional , a legal parsing even to the prosecutors trying the case .
“ As a practical matter , if you strike down that statute , you 're not necessarily striking down ‘ the death penalty ' but you 're striking down the way we try death penalty cases , ” said Bill Exley , an assistant Harris County district attorney .
“ So the effect is that you can't have a death penalty because you can't get there . ”
Exley and Assistant District Attorney Kari Allen are pursuing the death penalty for Green in the robbery and fatal shooting of Huong Thien Nguyen , 34 , on June 16 , 2008 .
‘ Beginning of the end '
Police said she and her sister , My Huong Nguyen , had returned to their home in the 6700 block of Bellaire Gardens about 1:20 a.m. when Green approached them , demanded money and shot them .
Green 's lawyers , Bob Loper and Casey Keirnan , heralded the decision as the “ beginning of the end of the death penalty . ”
“ We do n't necessarily think we 're the ones who will make this happen .
But it certainly is a chink in their armor .
This is going to raise everyone 's consciousness , ” Loper said .
“ It appears as though it 's going to go up on appeal .
It certainly has people talking . ”
If Fine 's ruling were to be upheld , it effectively would take away the option of the death penalty in Green 's case .
Most legal commentators said the ruling would n't stand up at the appellate level .
A past president of the Harris County Criminal Lawyer 's Association summed up the mechanics of the ruling .
“ He did not rule that the death penalty is unconstitutional , ” said Mark Bennett , a criminal defense lawyer .
“ He ruled that a procedure that allows the execution of innocent people is unconstitutional . ”
‘ First impression '
In court , Fine said there were no guiding cases on this particular point .
“ There is no precedent to guide me in resolving this particular issue , ” Fine said .
“ As far as I know it is an issue of first impression . ”
The Harris County district attorney disagreed .
“ These are stock pleadings .
The same pleadings are filed in virtually every capital murder case .
There is nothing new , nothing novel about it , ” Lykos said Friday .
“ Respectfully , there are no legitimate legal issues in the motions filed by the defense . ”
Perry 's office as well as Attorney General Greg Abbott 's office issued news releases late Thursday decrying the ruling as judicial activism .
brian.rogers@chron.com
With 8.2 million unique visitors viewing over 600 million pages per month , photo - sharing , meme - making 4 chan.org is an extremely popular Web site .
But it 's not worth much -- just a little less than a Lexus GS10 .
In an interview the New York Times published this afternoon , 4 chan founder Christopher " Moot " Poole says he would sell the site , but he has n't gotten any good offers .
" When I was 17 years old I was approached by an online Japanese toy store and they offered me $ 15,000 for the Web site , I told them I was n’t interested in selling so they bumped the price up to $ 45,000 .
I said No . "
" I have n’t received another offer in the past 5 years . "
Moot told the NYT that 4 chan does n't even make much money .
" The site is technically profitable , we do a little more than break even , but no - one is taking a paycheck . "
The reason 4 chan can't make any money , of course , is that it is the dark , disgusting underbelly of the Internet .
For every LOLcat , there 's a dead cat .
For every photo of a cute girl in punky clothes , there 's seven of people with no clothes .
It 's content no advertiser would ever put its brand near .
( This article was originally posted June 3 , 2004 .
We are reissuing it now , updated only to fix bad links and such .
Politicians still can lie legally , and the high volume of ads expected in 2008 campaigns makes it likely that voters will be exposed to more deception than ever .
— B.J. )
Here ’s a fact that may surprise you : Candidates have a legal right to lie to voters just about as much as they want .
That comes as a shock to many .
After all , consumers have been protected for decades from false ads for commercial products .
Should n’t there be “ truth - in - advertising ” laws to protect voters , too ?
Turns out , that ’s a tougher question than you might imagine .
For one thing , the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution says , “ Congress shall make no law … abridging the freedom of speech , ” and that applies to candidates for office especially .
And secondly , in the few states that have enacted laws against false political ads , they have n’t been very effective .
Bogus Psychics & Twirling Ballerina Dolls
Laws protecting consumers from false advertising of products are enforced pretty vigorously .
For example , the Federal Trade Commission took action in 2002 to protect the public from the self - proclaimed psychic “ Miss Cleo , ” who the FTC said promised free readings over the phone and then socked her gullible clients with enormous telephone charges .
The FTC even forced a toy company a while back to stop running ads showing its “ Bouncin ’ Kid Ballerina Kid ” doll standing alone and twirling gracefully without human assistance , which the FTC said was video hokum .
But there ’s no such truth - in - advertising law governing federal candidates .
They can legally lie about almost anything they want .
In fact , the Federal Communications
Act even requires broadcasters who run candidate ads to show them uncensored , even if the broadcasters believe their content to be offensive or false .
Federal Communications
Act
( U.S. Code : Title 47 , Sec. 315 . – Candidates for public office )
( a ) …
If any licensee shall permit any person who is a legally qualified candidate for any public office to use a broadcasting station , he shall afford equal opportunities to all other such candidates for that office in the use of such broadcasting station : Provided ,
That such licensee shall have no power of censorship over the material broadcast under the provisions of this section .
This is taken very seriously .
In a 1972 case , the Federal Communications Commission forced stations in Atlanta , Ga. , to accept a paid political ad from J.B. Stoner — a self - proclaimed “ white racist ” running for the U.S. Senate on the National States Rights party ticket .
The NAACP objected to Stoner ’s ad because it said the “ main reason why niggers want integration is because niggers want our white women . ”
The FCC sided with Stoner , citing freedom of speech decisions of the Supreme Court .
Stations can reject ads for any reason from political groups other than candidates .
And they may reject ads from all candidates for a given office .
But if they take ads from one candidate , they can’t legally refuse ads from opponents except for technical reasons ( such as being too long or short to fit standard commercial breaks , or if the recording quality is poor ) or if they are “ obscene . ”
Rejecting a candidate ’s ad because it ’s false is simply not allowed .
So what gives ?
Surely the public stands to suffer more damage from a presidential candidate lying about his opponent than from a bogus psychic .
Is n’t the process of choosing the leader of the most powerful nation on the planet a more important matter than whether some doll really does what the TV ads show ?
Yes .
But …
For one thing , the First Amendment guarantee of free speech poses a big obstacle to enacting or enforcing such laws — which it should .
The First Amendment : Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances .
The very idea of self - government rests on the idea that voters — given enough uncensored information — can best decide who should be in power and who should not .
So free speech applies first and foremost to candidates .
As the U.S. Supreme Court said unanimously in a 1971 libel case , “ It can hardly be doubted that the constitutional guarantee [ of free speech ] has its fullest and most urgent application precisely to the conduct of campaigns for political office . ”
So states have found it hard to enact laws against false political advertising — and even harder to make them work .
Minnesota : The Case of the Furloughed Rapist
Example :
In a 1994 House race in Minnesota , Republican candidate Tad Jude ran an emotion - packed ad against Democrat William Luther in the final weekend of the race .
It was reminiscent of the notorious “ Willie Horton ” ads run against Democratic presidential candidate Michael Dukakis in the 1988 presidential election .
In the Jude ad , the candidate cited the case of a woman and two daughters who were kidnapped and raped repeatedly over two days by a man who had been released from prison on a furlough .
The False Ad That Could n’t Be Outlawed
Announcer :
In 1990 , a Minnesota woman and her two daughters were abducted and repeatedly raped over a two - day ordeal .
Despite two prior convictions , the perpetrator , Daniel Patten , was out of prison on a weekend furlough .
Patten may never have been released and this crime never committed had legislation authored by Tad Jude been enacted .
But Jude ’s bill was stopped by Bill Luther and his liberal friends in the Minnesota Senate .
Bill Luther ’s willingness to set violent criminals free is putting every woman in Minnesota in danger .
Sending him to Congress would be a crime .
Jude ’s ad claimed the rapist “ may never have been released and this crime never committed ” if Democrat Luther , a state senator , had not blocked a bill sponsored by Republican Jude , who was also a state senator .
“ Sending [ Luther ] to Congress would be a crime , ” it concluded .
The ad was false .
Even if Jude ’s proposed legislation had been enacted , it could not possibly have prevented the crime it described .
Reason : Jude ’s bill would have applied only to persons imprisoned for offenses committed on or after August 1 , 1987 , and the convict mentioned in the ad had been sentenced in 1983 .
Jude lost the election , but the ad may have had an effect .
His losing margin was only 549 votes out of more than 200,000 cast .
It was Jude ’s misfortune , however , to live in one of the very few states that outlaws false political advertising .
A special prosecutor presented the case to a grand jury , which indicted Jude and his campaign manager .
A conviction could have led to a year in jail and a $ 3,000 fine .
Problems with Enforcement
The trial judge later threw the case out , however , and the Minnesota Court of Appeals refused to reinstate the indictment against Jude .
In its opinion , the appeals court said that the Minnesota law was too broad , allowing someone to be charged for having only “ reason to believe ” that an ad they helped prepare was false .
The court said that U.S. Supreme Court rulings required a higher standard : evidence of “ actual malice . ”
( The full opinion is posted here .
A free registration is required . )
To convict , prosecutors would have to prove Jude either knew the ad was false or acted with “ reckless disregard ” for whether it was true or not .
That would have been a tough job ; Jude had testified to the grand jury that he was under the false impression that the ad was true , that the rapist named in the ad had been convicted later of a second offense that would have made him subject to the legislation he had proposed .
So Jude went free and , in fact , ran against Luther a second time in 1996 .
That time Luther won with nearly 56 percent of the vote .
The case exposes two problems with relying on truth - in - advertising laws to protect voters from campaign falsehoods .
First , prosecutors can’t move quickly enough to cure the damage caused by a last - minute , false attack .
Jude was n’t indicted until more than a year after the election that he almost won .
And second , under the “ actual malice ” standard a candidate could lie profusely in ads and still get away with it by claiming he or she thought the ads were true , so long as no convincing evidence surfaced to the contrary .
Washington State : The Case of the Killer Ophthalmologists
Washington state also ran into problems trying to enforce its truth - in- political - advertising law after a 1991 ballot referendum fight .
At issue was a proposed “ death with dignity ” law .
A group opposed to it , the “ 119 Vote No! Committee , ” issued a leaflet saying that if the proposal passed it “ WOULD LET DOCTORS END PATIENTS ’ LIVES WITHOUT BENEFIT OF SAFEGUARDS
… No special qualifications – your eye doctor could kill you . ”
The ballot proposition failed , and the state ’s Public Disclosure Commission brought an action charging the 119 Committee with violating state law against false political advertising .
The commission said the proposition did contain standards and it was false to say it would open the door to killer ophthalmologists .
But the trial court dismissed the charges in this case , too , and the Washington State Supreme Court later struck down the law under which the committee had been charged .
The Supreme Court ’s majority opinion questioned whether state government officials had any right to substitute their judgment for that of the voters in matters of political speech .
Quoting earlier court opinions , it said :
Washington State Supreme Court : Instead of relying on the State to silence false political speech , the First Amendment requires our dependence on even more speech to bring forth truth .
…
The First Amendment exists precisely to protect against laws such as [ the Washington state truth - in - advertising law ] which suppress ideas and inhibit free discussion of governmental affairs .
The Washington court was n’t unanimous .
A judge who dissented complained that the majority had become “ the first court in the history of the Republic to declare First Amendment protection for calculated lies ” and said that his fellow judges were “ shockingly oblivious to the increasing nastiness of modern political campaigns . ”
At least one other state is enforcing a law against bogus campaign ads .
But voters should n’t take much comfort from that , as the following case study shows .
Ohio : The Case of the Lying Treasurer
Ohio ’s law has been tested in the courts and has survived , and the Ohio Elections Commission looks into 30 to 40 complaints each year , according to its executive director , Philip C. Richter .
And the seven - member , bipartisan Elections Commission takes its job seriously , as demonstrated in a 1998 case involving a false TV commercial run by the Republican candidate for governor , Bob Taft , against his Democratic opponent , Lee Fisher .
Taft ’s False Ad : 1998
Announcer :
The men and women of law enforcement — they want a governor who is tough on crime .
Ohio ’s police have endorsed Bob Taft for governor — and rejected Lee Fisher .
Our law officers back Bob Taft to expand Ohio ’s drug courts and hold violent juveniles more accountable .
And Lee Fisher ?
As attorney general , Fisher cut crime - fighting employees by 15 percent , while increasing his PR budget to $ 1 million .
Bob Taft for governor .
That ’s how it gets done .
The ad appeared Sept. 18 .
Fisher complained to the commission , which held hearings and decided the matter less than a month after the ad first aired — astonishing speed to anyone familiar with the usual pace of election - law enforcement .
Richter told FactCheck.org that the commission wanted to decide the matter before voters went to the polls , and it met that deadline with more than two weeks to spare .
On Oct. 16 the commission announced its decision .
By what it called “ clear and convincing evidence ” it ruled that the Taft ad violated Ohio ’s law against false statements .
The ad claimed Fisher , who had been the state ’s attorney general , “ cut crime - fighting employees by 15 percent , ” when in fact the number of credentialed investigators actually increased from 214 to 231 during his four - year tenure .
Also , the Taft ad claimed “ Ohio ’s police have endorsed Bob Taft … and rejected Lee Fisher . ”
Actually , the state ’s Fraternal Order of Police had been split over its endorsement of Taft , and it did n’t represent all of “ Ohio ’s police ” in any event .
But Taft paid no real penalty for the false ad , except for some unfavorable publicity .
The Elections Commission issued only a letter of reprimand to Taft ’s campaign treasurer and his campaign organization .
The commission has no power to levy fines .
In rare cases it forwards complaints to a prosecutor for possible criminal proceedings , but it did n’t do that in the Taft case .
Taft went on to win the election easily .
Contrast this nearly toothless Ohio law with what the Federal Trade Commission was able to extract from Miss Cleo , who agreed to pay a $ 5 million penalty to the government and also to give up claims of more than $ 500 million ( yes , half a billion dollars ) against her former “ clients . ”
‘ Convicted of Lying ? ’
As if to underscore the futility of using government to regulate truth in politics , The Associated Press quoted Fisher ’s campaign manager , Alan Melamed , after the commission ’s decision was announced as saying : “ Bob Taft has found his place in history . …
He ’s the first candidate for governor to be convicted of lying . ”
That itself was a false statement .
The commission specifically rejected Fisher ’s complaints against Taft personally , and it has no power to “ convict , ” a word that implies criminal violations .
And so it goes .
All this should tell voters that — legally — it ’s pretty much up to them to sort out who ’s lying and who ’s not in a political campaign .
Nobody said democracy was supposed to be easy .
It is , of course , the job of news organizations to assist ; that ’s why the First Amendment guarantees a free press as well as free speech .
We at FactCheck.org try hard to help .
But on Election Day , it ’s up to you .
Sources
Kathleen Hall Jamieson and Karlyn Kohrs Campbell , The Interplay of Influence : News , Advertising , Politics , and the Mass Media , Fifth Edition , Wadsworth / Thomas Learning ( Belmont , CA ) 2001 : 304-307 .
“ FCC Wo n’t Block Racist Ad in South , ” The New York Times 4 Aug 1972 : 37 .
U.S. Supreme Court , Monitor Patriot Co. v. Roy , 401 U.S. 265 ( 1971 ) .
State of Minnesota Court of Appeals , “ State of Minnesota v. Thaddeus Victor Jude , ” C5-96-509 Opinion filed 15 Oct 1996 .
( free registration required ) .
Randy Furst , “ Jude indicted by grand jury for anti-Luther campaign ad ; Prosecutors say he knew ad was false , ” Star Tribune ( Minneapolis ) , 29 Nov 1995 : A1 .
Randy Furst and Jim Parsons , “ Charges against Jude are dismissed ; Political ads law unconstitutional , ” Star Tribune ( Minneapolis ) , 2 March 1996 : 1A .
Supreme Court of Washington State , “ State of Washington v. 199 No ! Committee , ” 957 P.2d 691 , 11 June 1998 .
Paul Souhrada , “ Elections commission says Taft ad was misleading , ” The Associated Press , 16 Oct. 1998 .
Mary Beth Lane and Benjamin Marrison , “ Taft Commercial Ruled Untruthful ; Commission Says Data On Fisher Was Misused , ” Cleveland Plain Dealer , 17 Oct. 1998 : 4b .
Randy Ludlow , “ Taft camp scolded for TV ad , ” Cincinnati Post , 17 Oct 1998 .
“‘ Miss Cleo ’ Promoters to Forgive Approximately $ 500 Million In Outstanding Consumer Charges and Pay an Additional $ 5 Million to Settle FTC Charges , ” news release , Federal Trade Commission , 14 Nov 2002
Two weeks ago , I essentially claimed that nearly every company I know is hacked -- and in many cases , thoroughly hacked .
Although there 's a bit of hyperbole in that statement , it is n't that far from reality .
That statement , however , has led some readers to believe detecting hackers and preventing attacks is impossible .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
Discovering malicious hackers
Despite what the movies show , hackers are never good enough to go unnoticed .
Even the professionals hackers who are making millions of dollars really do n't do much to stay hidden .
They do n't need to : Most admins are n't looking .
[ A new Energizer Bunny Trojan is on the loose .
| InfoWorld 's Roger Grimes explains how to stop data leaks in an enlightening 30 - minute Webcast , Data Loss Prevention , which covers the tools and techniques used by experienced security pros . ]
The Verizon 2008 Data Breach Investigations Report [ PDF ] , which is quickly becoming one of the most respected sources on computer crime statistics , said it best : " Evidence of events leading up to 82 percent of data breaches was available to the organization prior to actual compromise .
Regardless of the particular type of event monitoring in use , the result was the same : Information regarding the attack was neither noticed nor acted upon . "
Your No. 1 tool for detecting malicious activities is your log files .
Most admins do n't turn them on , and those who do usually do n't monitor them .
Additionally , many companies only turn on logging on their servers , even though most of the malicious break - ins occur on their user 's workstations .
Every company should enable an enterprise - wide log management plan , a topic I covered the basics of last year .
In a very small nutshell , you need to collect all your log events in a central location and generate alerts on abnormal events that dictate a reaction .
Do n't be that company with an enabled event logging management system that sends dozens to hundreds of " alerts " a day , a figure that guarantees that none will be acted upon .
A well - designed events - management system only requests action for the stuff that deserves to be investigated .
( On a related note , I 'm just finishing up a review of event log management systems that should be published on InfoWorld soon . )
Another effective way to detect hackers is to scan for common hacking tools : password crackers , man - in - the - middle tools , sniffers , and so on .
Most anti-malware scanners will detect commonly used hacker tools .
Although not all hackers use the same tools , they generally do .
I 'm also a big believer in creating network traffic flow baselines .
Most data should be going from servers to workstations and vice versa .
Unexpected server - to - server traffic should be investigated , as should unexpected workstation - to - workstation traffic .
Moreover , if you have a workstation hitting every server in your environment , investigate it .
Many insider attacks have been interrupted because astute network flow analysts noticed very large amounts of data going to a single employee 's machine .
Star Wars Universe
Travel posters advertising the locations of the Star Wars Universe .
Fossil corals , up to half a million years old , are providing fresh hope that coral reefs may be able to withstand the huge stresses imposed on them by today 's human activity .
Reef ecosystems were able to persist through massive environmental changes imposed by sharply falling sea levels during previous ice ages , an international scientific team has found .
This provides new hope for their capacity to endure the increasing human impacts forecast for the 21st century .
In the world 's first study of what happened to coral reefs when ocean levels sank to their lowest recorded level -- over 120 metres below today 's levels -- a study carried out on eight fossil reefs in Papua New Guinea 's Huon Gulf region has concluded that a rich diversity of corals managed to survive , although they were different in composition to the corals under more benign conditions .
" Of course , sea levels then were falling -- and today they are rising .
But if we want to know how corals cope with hostile conditions , then we have to study what happens under all circumstances , " explains Professor John Pandolfi of the ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies and The University of Queensland .
" We 've seen what happens to corals in the past when sea levels rose and conditions were favourable to coral growth : we wanted to see what happened when they fell and conditions were adverse . "
" When sea levels drop you get a catastrophic reduction in coral habitat and a loss of connectivity between reefs .
Well , those circumstances are in some respects similar to what corals are experiencing today due to human impacts -- so there are useful parallels . "
" Although it is little asked , the question of where reef species go when faced with extreme environmental situations is highly relevant for understanding their prospects of survival in the future -- and what we need to do to give them the best chance , " Prof. Pandolfi suggests .
In the Huon region , the team found , coral reefs survived the hard times low of sea levels with as much richness of species -- but with a different composition to what they had during the good times .
" As a rule the coral colonies during the period of low sea levels were closer to the sea floor and slower - growing in comparison with times of high sea levels . "
" What we have found suggests that reef systems are able to survive adverse conditions given suitable shallow rocky habitat .
An interesting finding of this study is that complex coral ecosystems were maintained during the less optimal periods of low sea level .
These may have been critical to the re-establishment of nearby reefs once environmental conditions began to improve . "
" The fossil record shows that reefs have been remarkably successful in surviving large environmental disturbances .
However the combination of drastic environmental changes that we 're seeing today , such as degraded water quality , depleted fish stocks , coral bleaching , ocean acidification and loss of habitat are unprecedented in the history of coral reefs .
Although this study clearly highlights the resilience of reef ecosystems , it is important not to underestimate the magnitude of the challenges that reefs are currently facing . "
Prof. Pandolfi says we somehow have to find ways of preventing or offsetting each of these impacts if we expect our reefs to ride out the major climatic changes of the 21st century in as good condition as they have in the past .
Their paper " Community dynamics of Pleistocene coral reefs during alternative climatic regimes , " by Danika Tager , Jody M. Webster , Don Potts , Willem Renema , Juan C. Braga and John M. Pandolfi appears in the latest issue of Ecology , 91 ( 1 ) , 2010 , pp. 191-200 .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China should build the world ’s strongest military and move swiftly to topple the United States as the global “ champion , ” a senior Chinese PLA officer says in a new book reflecting swelling nationalist ambitions .
A recruit of China 's People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) attend a training shoot at a military base in Changzhi , Shanxi province , February 1 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Stringer
The call for China to abandon modesty about its global goals and “ sprint to become world number one ” comes from a People ’s Liberation Army ( PLA ) Senior Colonel , Liu Mingfu , who warns that his nation ’s ascent will alarm Washington , risking war despite Beijing ’s hopes for a “ peaceful rise . ”
“ China ’s big goal in the 21st century is to become world number one , the top power , ” Liu writes in his newly published Chinese - language book , “ The China Dream . ”
“ If China in the 21st century cannot become world number one , cannot become the top power , then inevitably it will become a straggler that is cast aside , ” writes Liu , a professor at the elite National Defense University , which trains rising officers .
His 303 - page book stands out for its boldness even in a recent chorus of strident Chinese voices demanding a hard shove back against Washington over trade , Tibet , human rights , and arms sales to Taiwan , the self - ruled island Beijing claims as its own .
“ As long as China seeks to rise to become world number one ... then even if China is even more capitalist than the U.S. , the U.S. will still be determined to contain it , ” writes Liu .
Rivalry between the two powers is a “ competition to be the leading country , a conflict over who rises and falls to dominate the world , ” says Liu .
“ To save itself , to save the world , China must prepare to become the ( world ’s ) helmsman . ”
“ The China Dream ” does not represent government policy , which has been far less strident about the nation ’s goals .
Liu ’s book testifies to the homegrown pressures on China ’s Communist Party leadership to show the country ’s fast economic growth is translating into greater sway against the West , still mired in an economic slowdown .
The next marker of how China ’s leaders are handling these swelling expectations may come later this week , when the government is likely to announce its defense budget for 2010 , after a 14.9 percent rise last year on the one in 2008 .
“ This book represents my personal views , but I think it also reflects a tide of thought , ” Liu told Reuters in an interview .
“ We need a military rise as well as an economic rise . ”
Another PLA officer has said this year ’s defense budget should send a defiant signal to Washington after the Obama administration went ahead in January with long - known plans to sell $ 6.4 billion worth of arms to Taiwan .
“ I think one part of ‘ public opinion ’ that the leadership pays attention to is elite opinion , and that includes the PLA , ” said Alan Romberg , an expert on China and Taiwan at the Henry L. Stimson Center , an institute in Washington D.C .
“ I think the authorities are seeking to keep control of the reaction , even as they need to take ( it ) into account , ” Romberg said in an emailed response to questions .
Liu argues that China should use its growing revenues to become the world ’s biggest military power , so strong the United States “ would not dare and would not be able to intervene in military conflict in the Taiwan Strait . ”
“ If China ’s goal for military strength is not to pass the United States and Russia , then China is locking itself into being a third - rate military power , ” he writes .
“ Turn some money bags into bullet holders . ”
China ’s leaders do not want to jeopardize ties with the United States , a key trade partner and still by far the world ’s biggest economy and military power .
Yet Chinese public ire , echoed on the Internet , means policy - makers have to tread more carefully when handling rival domestic and foreign demands , said Jin Canrong , a professor of international relations at Renmin University in Beijing .
“ Chinese society is changing , and you see that in all the domestic views now on what China should do about the United States , ” said Jin .
“ If society demands a stronger stance , ignoring that can bring a certain cost . ”
Liu ’s book was officially published in January , but is only now being sold in Beijing bookstores .
LIGHTING A FIRE IN AMERICA’S BACKYARD
In recent months , strains have widened between Beijing and Washington over trade , Internet controls , climate change , U.S. arms sales to Taiwan and President Barack Obama ’s meeting with Tibet ’s exiled leader , the Dalai Lama , who China reviles .
China has so far responded with angry words and a threat to sanction U.S. companies involved in the Taiwan arms sales .
But it has not acted on that threat and has allowed a U.S. aircraft carrier to visit Hong Kong .
Over the weekend , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said he wanted trade friction with the United States to ease .
U.S. Deputy Secretary of State James Steinberg is due to visit Beijing this week .
Liu and other PLA officers , however , say they see little chance of avoiding deepening rivalry with the United States , whether peaceful or warlike .
“ I ’m very pessimistic about the future , ” writes another PLA officer , Colonel Dai Xu , in another recently published book that claims China is largely surrounded by hostile or wary countries beholden to the United States .
“ I believe that China cannot escape the calamity of war , and this calamity may come in the not - too - distant future , at most in 10 to 20 years , ” writes Dai .
“ If the United States can light a fire in China ’s backyard , we can also light a fire in their backyard , ” warns Dai .
Liu said he hoped China and the United States could manage their rivalry through peaceful competition .
“ In his State of the Union speech , Obama said the United States would never accept coming second - place , but if he reads my book he ’ll know China does not want to always be a runner - up , ” said Liu in the interview .
What ’s a geek to do with VMware , extra hard disk space , and RAM to spare ?
Why fill it with all the operating systems he can !
For the fun of it , we take a look at virtualizing a classic version of Windows .
We start with one of the first popular version of Windows – Windows 3.11 .
Many of us can remember using Windows 3.11 , but may be surprised to go back and see how many things still function similar in today ’s versions .
Here ’s some screenshots of Windows 3.11 running in VMware Player on Windows 7 x64 .
Yes , that ’s a 16 bit OS running on top of a 64 bit OS .
Windows 3.1
The installer looks surprisingly familiar … hey , it looks just like the initial stage of XP ’s installer .
Yes , we still have to start Windows by entering “ win ” at the command prompt …
The famous 3.1 boot screen … looks a little different than the Vista or 7 startup animation .
Do you need to learn how to use the mouse ?
I was actually using a Microsoft Wireless mouse in Windows 3.11 , since it just looks like a standard PS / 2 mouse through VMware .
Welcome to Windows 3.11 .
No exit buttons ; just double - click on the left - hand side of the Window .
Amazingly , you can still exit programs this way in all other versions of Windows , including Windows 7 .
The great - granddaddy of Windows 7 Libraries …
The infamous Paint … formerly called Paintbrush .
We ’ve all wasted countless hours on Minesweeper …
There was n’t the ability to save documents to a whole lot of different formats back then .
But do n’t forget , we ’re running it inside Windows 7 .
Hey , it looks pretty good in Flip 3D …
Oh , and do n’t forget to exit Windows when you ’re done for the day … it was basically just a program that is running on DOS .
Clicking Exit does n’t shut down your computer , it only exits to DOS .
We hope you enjoyed this trip down memory lane … those of you who are old enough to remember that is .
Leave a comment below and share your Windows 3.1 stories .
We remember this was quite a defining moment in computer geek history when it was launched .
Making Homemade Pasta
Well
I know there are a lot of Pasta machines out there gathering dust , as it had been many years for me and I ’m not really sure the exact reason why I succumbed to the pursuit of Pasta making again .
It certainly was n’t the economics of it all as store bought pasta is still a relatively inexpensive and affordable food item .
It ’s also definitely not for the convenience , as it ’s fairly time consuming and being preservative free , really does n’t store well .
However , there really is something rewarding about looking over a freshly made batch of homemade Pasta sitting drying in your kitchen .
You just ca n’t help but marvel at how it ’s possible to transform a mound of flour and a few simple ingredients into this assembly of lovely smooth golden strips .
The peaceful tempo of kneading the dough and the quiet attentiveness involved when rolling and cutting the noodles makes this a very relaxing and satisfying distraction for me .
But contrary to my relaxation theory , The Emilians , acknowledged masters of home - made pasta , say that your fanny should work up a sweat as you 're rolling out the dough !
Whatever way you personally interpret the pasta making experience , there is one thing for sure …
You ca n’t beat the lightness and the fresh flavor !
Pasta can totally be made by hand but a hand - rolling machine that also cuts is a huge time saver .
These stainless steel models from Italy such as Imperia or Atlas come with a rolling mechanism and usually a couple of different cutter attachments and can be purchased relatively inexpensively .
If you want to really make it easy , an optional motor can be purchased for these machines and I find this to be a wonderful addition as you now have 2 hands to work with .
There are so many variations and recipes for Pasta but the two principle ingredients for making a basic egg pasta are flour and eggs .
I generally use an all - purpose unbleached flour as it has high gluten content and makes a nice firm dough .
I also like using Semolina Flour as I feel it ’s easier to work with and in most pasta recipes I make I ’ll use half and half of each .
In most cases I will use 1 extra large egg to each cup of flour .
I also add a little splash of water to the egg if needed , to make ¼ cup of liquid as well as ½ tspn of Olive Oil to keep the dough pliant .
For 1lb of Pasta – serving 4 1 cup all purpose unbleached flour 1 cup semolina flour 2 extra large eggs ( with enough water added to make ½ cup ) 1 teaspoon Olive oil ½ teaspoon of Salt If you have a large electronic mixer with a dough hook a lot of time can be saved in the mixing and kneading process .
To make dough by hand , place the amount of flour required on a large , flat , non-porous surface .
Make a well in the pile of flour and pour the eggs into the well .
Use a fork to slowly mix the eggs into the flour , pushing it towards the middle to keep the eggs from running out .
When it becomes too difficult to keep mixing with a fork , start using your hands .
Before long you ’ll have a nice workable dough , To cut down on the clean - up , I usually use a plastic cutting sheet to mix the initial dough .
Begin kneading and continue until the dough becomes firm .
I ’ll usually knead a 1 lb portion of dough for about 10 minutes and you ’ll feel it changing and getting smoother and a dryer the longer you knead .
If your dough is sticky you will have problems when you run it through the pasta machine or hand roll it .
Add a touch more flour to remedy this .
You will know that it ’s right when it ’s just moist enough that it sticks to itself and nothing else .
Portion the dough into the amounts you will need to make sheets of pasta .
To keep things manageable form the dough into tennis ball - sized balls .
Wrap the pasta well in plastic wrap and set the dough aside at room temperature for at least 45 minutes .
This gives the glutens a chance to rest and unwind , which will make for a more tender pasta .
Rolling and Cutting
Once the dough has had a chance to rest , cut the tennis ball portions in half and flatten them out .
Run them through the widest setting of the machine and then fold each piece in half or thirds , repeating this as you pass then through a couple more times , until they are supple and smooth .
Set the rollers one setting closer together and roll each strip through again .
Move the rollers closer together and keep rolling it through these settings until you reach the desired thickness .
Lay your strips on a clean towel making sure that they do n’t overlap .
Let them rest for about another 5 minutes which will greatly help the cutting if the sheets are drier .
If the strip is too wet it will stick together in the cutting blades and if it ’s to dry it will crack .
Feed the strips through the cutting blades and once the pasta is cut , lay the noodles on clean towels or over a pasta rack until they ’re ready to be cooked .
For very thin pasta , I suggest laying them out on a clean towel .
I just happened to make some this evening and it was extremely humid and this was the best way to let them dry a bit before cooking ...
These noodles can be cooked immediately or dried and stored in the refrigerator for about 1 week ( or frozen for a month ) .
Fresh pasta cooks much faster than dried .
Depending on the thinness of the noodles it can take as little as 3 minutes .
Usually when they have floated to the top of the boiling water … they ’re done !
And of course , if you do n’t have a machine …
It ’s still possible to make this pasta by rolling it out well and cutting it by hand like many generations have done before us !
Once a basic pasta dough has been mastered there are so many different types and variations that can be fun to make as well as many tasty dishes !
Striped and Spinach Ravioli Pasta Aglio Oglio Beautiful Chicken Cacciatore with fresh pasta
" This part of town has got a lot of bad press in the media because it featured in Eminem 's film ' Eight Mile ' , but that particular road is fifteen minutes up the road and that is a long way in Detroit . "
Photo by James D. Schwartz / The Urban Country
New York City has taken great strides in improving its cycling infrastructure , but it still has its work cut out to change its culture as a pedestrian , subway and car city to becoming a more bike friendly city – and a role model for North America .
In only three years , New York ’s Department of Transportation has installed 320 KM of new bike lanes in the city – resulting in a grand total of 672 KM of on - street bike lanes throughout the city .
I saw bike infrastructure from Brooklyn all the way up to the heart of the Bronx – and everything in between .
This is a great accomplishment – and the city is on track to meet its long - term goal of adding 2,880 KM of new on - street bike lanes by 2030 .
Here in Toronto , we have installed merely 112 KM of on - street bike lanes in about 10 years – less than 1/4 of the 495 KM our 2001 bike plan called for .
In fact , according to the City of Toronto , only 0.7 KM of bike lanes were installed in 2009 even though more than 15 KM were approved .
I visited New York last weekend with some of my good friends to celebrate my recent marriage .
I rented a bike on a sunny Sunday afternoon to experience the new bikeway network to see if it was as amazing as it seemed from a distance .
Video by James D. Schwartz / The Urban Country
Overall it is quite impressive to see bike lanes on several major routes throughout New York – including segregated lanes with bike traffic signals on Broadway Ave and 9th avenue ( as well as possibly other streets and avenues that I did n’t experience ) .
But even with some great new infrastructure , New York is still adjusting .
I did n’t see the hoards of cyclists that I expected ( or hoped ) to see – despite the warm sunny weather I was lucky enough to have .
In fact , I typically see more cyclists in Toronto on a cold winter day than I saw in NYC – and we do n’t have anything near what Manhattan has for infrastructure .
It ’s possible that I did n’t go to the right streets at the right times – although I did wander aimlessly around Manhattan for 4 days straight – so I find it hard to believe that the hoards of cyclists somehow eluded me .
Perhaps it ’s a bit too soon in the year for cyclists to come out in masses – or perhaps the improvements in infrastructure has n’t yet convinced people to get on two wheels .
Secondly , pedestrians are still adjusting to the addition of seemingly foreign bike lanes that have been fixated on their streets .
In particular I found pedestrians to be quite oblivious to passing cyclists as you can see in my video above .
Many pedestrians use the bike lane as a sidewalk – while others crossed the street directly in front without looking – narrowly avoiding a collision .
This would be understandable on a street with an overflowing sidewalk , but you will see in the video that nearby sidewalks were generally empty while pedestrians walked along the bike lane .
New York is also suffering from the same dilemma that plagues us here in Toronto whereby drivers use non segregated bike lanes to deliver goods , pick up or drop off passengers , short term parking , and many other creative uses .
An article in the Toronto Star yesterday chronicled this phenomenon and its lack of enforcement from the Toronto Police force – something the Toronto Cyclists Union hopes to change .
Another disappointment was that the Broadway segregated bike lane disappears at Times Square and cyclists are released into a swarm of pedestrians with no connection to the continuing segregated bike lane past Times Square .
It felt as though the bike lane had been installed as a recreational tourist attraction to lead tourists to Times Square rather than being a useful safe thoroughfare for cyclists .
Despite these few glitches that I ’m sure New York will overcome , the infrastructure that has been added to New York makes a great city an even better city .
New York sets trends for North America – and the world .
If any city can sway North America to become a more bike friendly continent , it is definitely New York City .
If New York can keep the momentum going , the cycling infrastructure will transform the Big Apple – and North America will follow .
James D. Schwartz is the editor of The Urban Country .
You can contact James at james.schwartz@theurbancountry.com .
Related Articles :
Welcome to the world of Acanac
Hello and Bonjour Ontario and Quebec !
At Acanac , we ’re all about reminding you about the simple pleasures brought to you by your Internet and Home Phone services .
We know what you ’re thinking , “ You ca n’t seriously be trying to make Internet service exciting . ”
Queue the energetic sales pitch .
Better prices , great service , and no bounds .
Start to see what it all means when we say , “ It ’s good to be here . ”
Hong Kong , China ( CNN ) --
The iPad may have exclusively launched in the United States on Saturday , but by Monday hundreds were available in the stores of Hong Kong -- thanks to the city 's laissez faire retail laws and the work of traders such as Ronald Leung .
On Saturday , Leung and dozens of his friends stood in line at Apple stores around the San Francisco area .
" We were limited to buy only two apiece , " he said on Wednesday , toting a suitcase filled with iPads fresh off a plane from San Francisco and ready for resale on the streets of Hong Kong .
All told , he and his friends brought back about 200 iPads for sale in Hong Kong , where stores were selling them for as much as 60 percent higher than their $ 499 retail price .
Among those flocking to Hong Kong to own the iPad are mainland Chinese customers , said Alex Tang , who resells iPad for eSatto .
Some mainland Chinese bought in iPads in bulk from the reseller to resell yet again in China for a higher price .
" One trader bought 20 from me for HK $ 6,500 ( US $ 837 ) and planned to resell in China for RMB6,500 ( US$ 952 ) , using the exchange rate to make a profit , " he said .
Did you get your hands on an iPad ?
Share your review
Inside an hour a CNN reporter found seven stores selling iPads in stores on the crowded streets of Mongkok , one of the most densely populated areas in the world and Hong Kong 's hub for " gray market " goods -- the importation of legitimate merchandise unlicensed for resale abroad .
Unlike many foreign markets , the gray market imports of electronic goods into Hong Kong " are generally legal , " said Alice Li , an attorney for Angela Wang & Co .
Hong Kong -- a free trade port city with no retail tax -- has long been the place Asians flock to buy new electronics goods before their official release .
How far would you go to own an iPad ?
Lo Lau , manager of G - World Mobile , said there had been brisk sales since Monday .
" It 's not just people from the mainland , but people have come from Macau and Taiwan to buy it , " said Lau , as he restocked his store with 11 more iPads just removed from Leung 's suitcase .
There has been a great deal of interest overseas for iPads .
Nearly 80 percent of sales of iPad on eBay have been from outside the United States , with the highest price sold to a buyer in the United Kingdom for $ 5,500 , according to eBay spokesperson Kathy Chui .
Apple did n't return calls from CNN seeking comment on the resale of iPads in Hong Kong and other foreign markets , although the company has said it plans to officially release the tablet computer overseas later in the year .
Leung , for one , hopes the company takes its time in officially launching the iPad abroad .
" Because it 's only limited ( for sale ) in the U.S. for now there 's a very high demand here in Hong Kong ... and a very good profit for me , " said Leung , a trader who divides his time between Hong Kong and San Francisco .
COURT DOCUMENTS
PDF :
PDF :
PDF :
Court documents have been released detailing the interactions between accused bullies Ashley Longe , Flannery Mullins and Sharon Chanon Velazquez in the suicide case of student Phoebe Prince .
Read the complete documents using the links at right .
Selections from the documents appear below .
Commonwealth v. Sharon Chanon Velazquez
• On Wednesday , January 13 , 2010 , Mrs. Prince told a confidant that she was accused by other girls at school of " taking away " another girl 's ( Flannery Mullins 's ) boyfriend ; that she ( Ms. Prince ) was being targeted by peers and that accusations at school escalated to making threats of harming her .
On January 13th , Ms. Prince explained school " has been close to intolerable lately . "
Local community reacts to latest bullying case news
• An initial examination of Ms. Prince 's cellular telephone was conducted by investigators who were able to determine that several text messages were exchanged between Ms. Prince and an identified telephone number approximately two ( 2 ) hours prior to her death .
Investigators subsequently learned , through witness interviews , that Ms. Prince had exchanged text messages with a friend during the afternoon of her death .
The texts focused around the verbally abusive incidents Ms. Prince had been subjected to by Sean Mulveyhill , Kayla Narey and Ashley Longe earlier on the date of her death and her despair at the on - going taunting to which she was subjected .
• One incident took place outside a classroom at South Hadley High School A witness stated , in a written statement to investigators , that he " saw Sharon Chanon Velazquez going off on Ms. Prince " .
He reported that Sharon Chanon Velazquez was calling Ms. Prince a " stupid bitch and other names ... " .
The witness went on to report that he went over to the defendant and asked her to stop yelling at Ms. Prince because he " felt it was the right thing to do when he stopped Ms. Velazquez . "
The student said that he was " aware that Ms. Prince was called names and targeted by students in the school . "
In addition , this witness reported that , at another time , as he was leaving class , he heard Flannery Mullins and Sharon Chanon Velazquez talking about Ms. Prince .
The witness told investigators that Sharon Chanon Velazquez told Flannery Mullins that she ( the defendant ) would punch Ms. Prince in the face .
• Investigation revealed that another incident took place in the cafeteria at South Hadley High School approximately one ( 1 ) week prior to Ms. Prince 's death .
A witness to this incident reported that the defendant , approached Ms. Prince while she sat at a lunch table ....
During this reported incident , Sharon Chanon Velazquez was observed yelling at Ms. Prince about Flannery Mullins and calling her ( Ms. Prince ) names .
The witness reported that the defendant " was calling Ms. Prince a ' ho ' the whole time . "
She reportedly told Ms. Prince to stay away from Flannery Mullins 's " man " .
As Sharon Chanon Velazquez was leaving the lunch room , she was right near the teachers .
The defendant started yelling the " f " word and was still calling Ms. Prince a " ho " .
Ms. Prince asked the defendant not to call her that .
Ms. Prince told the defendant that she ( Ms. Prince ) was done with her ( the defendant ) and asked the defendant to leave her alone .
• On that same date , the defendant approached Ms. Prince as she ( Ms. Prince ) sat alone in a classroom awaiting the start of her Latin Class .
According to a written statement ... by a faculty member at South Hadley High School , she observed the defendant come into the classroom , prior to its assembly , " with an attitude " and approached Ms. Prince .
She reported that the defendant started pointing at Ms. Prince .
The witness could not hear what the defendant said to Ms. Prince , but she observed Ms. Prince get visibly upset .
Another student came into the classroom and escorted the defendant from the classroom .
The witness comforted Ms. Prince as she wept .
As the class began to assemble Ms. Prince collected herself .
The witness reported the incident to school administrators that same day .
The defendant served one day suspension for the incident .
• Another student at South Hadley High School , told investigators that on the day following Ms. Prince 's death she heard the defendant talking about " how she ( Sharon ) was n't the only person that caused Phoebe 's death and that she did n't care that she was dead . "
Commonwealth v. Ashley Longe
• Witnesses have reported that Phoebe Prince was in the library with friends on January 14 , 2010 .
Sean Mulveyhill , Kayla Narey and the defendant were in the library at the same time ....
According to one student , the defendant " was standing next to another table screaming at [ Ms. Prince ] from across the library . "
This student told investigators that he definitely heard the defendant call Ms. Prince an " Irish whore " .
This student described the defendant as " taunting " Ms. Prince , or saying things to her from across the library , on and off for the five minutes that he and another male student were in the library .
The defendant intentionally directed comments toward Ms. Prince , so as to malign , among other things , Ms. Prince 's national origin ; specifically , Ms. Prince 's Irish heritage ....
Sean Mulveyhill and Kayla Narey were present throughout these incidents and investigation revealed that they partook , with the defendant , in penning similar derogatory comments about Ms. Prince ... on the library sign in sheet ...
• A witness reported that , upon leaving school , the defendant left the school parking lot in a friend 's car .
Ms. Prince had already left school grounds and was walking home on Newton Street , on the same side of the road as the high school .
As the vehicle in which the defendant was riding passed Ms. Prince , the defendant took an empty energy drink can , called Monster Drink , that was inside the vehicle and threw it at Ms. Prince .
According to the witness , she remembered hearing the can hit the ground , but did not know if it hit Ms. Prince .
The witness reported that as the defendant threw the can at Phoebe , that she ( the defendant ) said something degrading to her like " Whore . "
The defendant started laughing and reported that Ms. Prince was crying as she walked home .
Commonwealth v. Flannery Mullins
• One witness told investigators that she had spoken with Ms. Prince and learned that the defendant , Flannery Mullins , had told other students that she ( the defendant ) was going to " beat Phoebe up " and that she ( Ms. Prince ) " needed to watch out at break after second block ... "
This witness also stated that , on one occasion , Ms. Prince , went to school administrators because she " was scared and wanted to go home . "
The witness reported that Ms. Prince returned to class and told her that no action was going to be taking / nothing happened and that " she was still going to get beat up . "
• Investigators learned , during this investigation , that on January 7 , 2010 , Ms. Prince spoke with a school administrator about the defendant 's threatened attack .
Investigators learned of an incident in physical education class , approximately one week prior to Ms. Prince 's death , involving the defendant that had been reported to a school administrator .
According to one witness , he heard the defendant talking to other girls before class about how , " she [ Ms. Prince ] should get her ass kicked . "
The defendant , herself , later asked the witness , if he heard what she said earlier .
The defendant further stated that " freshman Phoebe girl was trying to get with my boyfriend " , and that she ( the defendant ) was " so pissed . "
Another witness reported to investigators that she learned from Ms. Prince , while in English class , that the defendant threatened to beat her ( Ms. Prince ) up .
According to the witness , she had already heard the information as it was " spreading around fast " at the school and noted that " Phoebe was really upset about it ... "
The witness told investigators that Ms. Prince told her that " she was not a tough girl " and that she did not want to fight the defendant as she would not know what to do .
The witness said that Ms. Prince asked her what she should do and the witness recalled telling Ms. Prince to stay with friends and to avoid the defendant .
Oh , Men 's Health .
Just when I think you can't deliver any more ridiculous advice , you pull through with some of the creepiest dating tips you 've offered in ages .
Ahead , a look at " 7 Characteristics Women Look For In A Man . "
Advertisement
It seems to be standard procedure for a woman to drop these dating tip turds on the pages of Men's Health , which just adds to the ridiculousness of things .
It 's essentially the reverse of those dreadful " dating tips from dudes " sections of Cosmo , wherein a guy complains that your emotions and shit are a real bummer , you know ?
The battle of dumb dating articles between Cosmo and Men's Health is akin to walking up and down the Shoebox card aisle at your local Hallmark store .
Women have PMS !
Men like lawnmowers and beer !
And nobody has enough sex with anyone else , right Maxine ?!
In any case , today 's article provides dudes with tips to appear alluring and mysterious .
It 's basically a game guide for bros who think " staring into space " is a really hot way to pick up the ladies .
For example :
Go Deep
The strategy : Appear thoughtful by focusing intently on something unobtrusive .
How to pull it off : Wander away from the crowd , take in the scene , then find a painting , book , view out a window , whatever - not the jukebox - and pore over the details .
You 're oblivious to the commotion .
What she 'll think :
You 're sensitive and smart and , if you furrow your brow , intense .
Women love intense .
It 's very mysterious , very sexy , very Benicio Del Toro .
She 'll want to plumb the depths of your brooding mind .
What she 'll say : " What 's so fascinating ? "
Is there anything on earth worse than the faux deep guy ?!
Ugh .
Let 's rework this for actual reality :
The Strategy : Stare into space like an idiot .
How to pull it off : See above .
What she 'll think : " That guy is so fucking high right now . "
What she 'll say : " That guy is so fucking high right now . "
If staring into space does n't work , Men's Health suggests that perhaps you should surround yourself with terrible , awful human beings , so as to make yourself look better by comparison .
No , seriously , this is actually a thing they recommended :
Hang with Slobs
The strategy : Look appealing by surrounding yourself with your loudest , sloppiest friends - guys who emit female repellent .
This can make you look , sound , and smell like Prince Charming .
On this night , your goal is to attract women , not bond with the boys .
How to pull it off :
Sip while they chug , talk while they scream , smile sanely when they 're laughing so hard Sam Adams is streaming out of their noses .
And be the one to deal politely with the waitress and bartender .
What she 'll think :
You 're not swayed by peer pressure , and you 're in control enough to be a gentleman on a boys ' night out .
Plus , her maternal instincts will kick in , making her want to rescue you from those animals .
What she 'll say : " Always so well behaved ? "
Oh dear .
Oh no .
This is NEVER going to work , bros !
Never !
Here 's how it would really go down :
The Strategy : Hang With Slobs
How To Pull It Off : Roundup every douchebag you know for a night on the town , and try not to question why you know so many douchebags .
Advertisement
What She 'll Think : " That guy hangs out with total dicks .
Therefore , he must be a total dick .
I bet he uses Axe body spray . "
What She 'll Say : Nothing , because she 's not talking to you or your loser friends , bro .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
But do n't worry , bros .
If the lady does n't fall for your faux - deep routine or your douchebag crew fake - out , you can always impress her by ignoring other women :
Barely Notice the Überbabe
The strategy : Remain calm when a decked - out bombshell strolls by and you 'll be sending the message that you 're too smart to be wowed by a Wonderbra and red lipstick .
How to pull it off :
We do n't blame you for looking .
But it makes us cringe when one male head after another swivels in her direction .
What we love to see is a man who raises his eyes to see what the commotion is about , nonchalantly registers the hottie , then does n't seem to give her another thought .
What she 'll think :
You 've had too much experience with high - maintenance women to become excited by yet another would - be model .
Or , even better , you prefer women who look as if they have more interesting things to do than primp in front of a mirror .
What she 'll say : " I hope you 're not gay . "
You guys ?
I 'm confused by this .
It seems as though this is more a tip to make sure people do n't pay attention to a " decked - out bombshell , " ( as she must be horrible and dull , apparently , what with being gorgeous and all ? ) and to ignore people they might be attracted to in order to seem more sincere .
That 's a bit creepy , no ?
Advertisement
While it's not surprising that once again , Men 's Health , like it 's sister - in - crime , Cosmo is pushing ridiculous " game " tips for men to essentially lie to women to get them in bed ( and vice - versa ) , it 's still irritating , in that the cycle of " what men want ! " and " what women want ! " articles only serve to ensure that the dating culture will remain filled with phonies and flakes , desperately trying to work their " tips " on one another in order to just do what they should have done in the first place : get to know someone as an actual human being .
If you have to surround yourself with douchebags in order to make yourself look dateable , you 're doing it wrong .
7 Characteristics Women Look For In A Man [ Men 's Health ]
4 Girly Dramas He Does n't Understand [ Cosmopolitan ]
" The greatest shortcoming of the human race is our inability to understand the exponential function . "
- Albert A. Bartlett
Exponential growth is often widely underestimated .
Here are a few issues where many people make mistakes because they do n’t understand the simple math of exponential growth .
However , when this trade off is applied over a long time period , the results can be staggering .
If the choice was made in 1870 to have more equality at a cost of 1 percentage point of growth a year , Economic Growth :
When there are trade offs between efficiency and equality , many people today think that the taxes , regulation and redistribution are worth a slightly lower growth rate .
However , when this trade off is applied over a long time period , the results can be staggering .
If the choice was made in 1870 to have more equality at a cost of 1 percentage point of growth a year , America in 1990 would be no richer than Mexico
One very simple way to fix this is to index entitlement benefits to inflation and not income .
The growth of the economy would make it easy to pay for a safety net at today ’s living standards .
Unfortunately , this would only work for Social Security and not Medicare as the medical system is structured in a way that leads to health care inflation greater than that of the real economy .
Additionally , there is another problem when the net national debt reaches 100 % of GDP .
If the market perception of the debt turns negative and nominal interest rates remain higher than nominal GDP growth , then there is no way for the economy to grow itself out of debt .
This is the current situation with Greece , and Japan is n’t doing too much better .
Entitlement Spending and National Debt :
As I have pointed out previously , the United States is headed for very high debt levels if entitlement spending is not reformed .
One very simple way to fix this is to index entitlement benefits to inflation and not income .
The growth of the economy would make it easy to pay for a safety net at today ’s living standards .
Unfortunately , this would only work for Social Security and not Medicare as the medical system is structured in a way that leads to health care inflation greater than that of the real economy .
Additionally , there is another problem when the net national debt reaches 100 % of GDP .
If the market perception of the debt turns negative and nominal interest rates remain higher than nominal GDP growth , then there is no way for the economy to grow itself out of debt .
This is the current situation with Greece , and Japan is n’t doing too much better .
Personal Finance and Pension Plans :
If a prudent investor can make 10 % real returns in a year , then they can turn 50 thousand dollars into over 1.6 million dollars after 35 years .
This simple math explains how many of the rich people today consist of those who have saved and invested prudently .
On the other hand , a supposedly fully funded pension fund planning on a world of 8 % real returns that finds itself in a world of 4 % real returns will find itself underfunded by over 75 % 35 years later ( In this case , the people making pension return assumptions are underestimating how much they matter , they just know that their books look better if they assume a higher return ) .
Robin Hanson has been proposing that people do n't give to the future because they do n't care about it , but it may also be that they do not fully understand the impact of exponential growth * .
While overpopulation is itself not a problem , the exponential economic growth of these emerging economies are coincident with an exponential increase in demand for resources and these limited resources present constraints on growth .
Overpopulation and increasing Resource Consumption : Overpopulation does not seem to be the exponential problem that we once thought it was .
Once become rich enough , their population growth rate slows down .
The UK’s Ministry of Defense 2008 Strategic Trends report expects the population to level out at around 9 billion people between 2050 and 2100 ( page 25 ) .
While overpopulation is itself not a problem , the exponential economic growth of these emerging economies are coincident with an exponential increase in demand for resources and these limited resources present constraints on growth .
Having established that exponential growth rates are important , here is a handy rule of thumb that will give an intuitive understanding of exponential growth .
To calculate the doubling time of an exponentially growing series , take 70 ( or 69.3 to be exact ) and divide it by the growth rate .
This means that a 10 % growth rate leads to a doubling every 7 years , a 7 % growth rate is a doubling every 10 years and a 3.5 % growth rate is a doubling every 20 years .
* It is also possible that someone who both cares about the future and understands exponential growth might think that there were existential problems for the current society that are significant enough to reduce the probability of a far future donation from ever paying off .
Open Library is an open , editable library catalog , building towards a web page for every book ever published .
More
Just like Wikipedia , you can contribute new information or corrections to the catalog .
You can browse by subjects , authors or lists members have created .
If you love books , why not help build a library ?
TOKYO — Japan ’s largest business newspaper , the Nikkei , joined the trend of other news sites last week by requiring readers to pay to view its
Web site .
But , in a twist , it also imposed a policy severely restricting links to its articles — or even its home page .
Links to Nikkei ’s home page require a detailed written application .
Among other things , applicants must spell out their reasons for linking to the site .
In addition , regular readers of the site will also notice that the paper has disabled the ability to right - click — which usually brings up a menu including “ copy link address . ”
The paper ’s “ link policy ” ends on an ominous note : “ We may seek damages for any violations of these rules . ”
The Nikkei says the rules are intended to make sure its pay wall is not breached and to prevent the linking of its content from “ inappropriate ” sites .
I agree with Kevin Drum when he says that " Mass , long - term unemployment is one of the most corrosive things any country can go through " .
But then he follows with " The fact that we 're basically doing nothing about it is not just disgraceful , it 's genuinely dangerous . "
This sounds great .
But what , precisely , are we supposed to do ?
You see the same thing in every recession for the last twenty years , at least : as jobs get scarcer , employers get pickier about filling their positions .
Programmer jobs that once demanded anyone with a pulse and a C++ manual now require that you also have at least three years of experience designing websites for a fast food multinational , speak fluent Tajik , and be proficient in hacky sack .
So just as employees are flooding the market from industries that need to permanently downsized , it becomes harder to transition into a new industry or job description .
The result : long term unemployment .
What is the government supposed to do about that ?
Let 's do some math : by generous estimates from non-White House sources , the $ 787 billion stimulus has created ( or saved ! ) something under 2 million jobs .
Currently , there are 11 - 12 million people unemployed .
Soaking up half that would require three more huge stimuluses , even if you assume that returns are linear and do not diminish with more money spent .
Yet even then , we would not guarantee that we helped the long term unemployed ; we might just as easily boost employment for people who are n't finding it particularly hard to get a new job .
Roosevelt could make some actual inroads into the plight of the worst off by the simple expedient of hiring them .
But this was before public sector unions got powerful , and the government wrapped itself in yards and acres of procedural red tape surrounding federal hiring and public works projects .
It was also in an era when public works involved considerably more raw human muscle power and a larger percentage of the workforce was employed in relatively undifferentiated manual labor .
The sad fact is that there 's not much to be done for the long term unemployed , other than the obvious step of making sure that they do n't miss any meals .
Government retraining programs have a dismal record .
So do tax credits for hiring workers , which are notoriously easy to game .
Stimulus is a blunt tool .
And the government can't hire the workers itself .
What 's left ?
Threatening employers at gunpoint ?
The answer is , nothing .
We can , and should , ease the pain of those who lose jobs .
But the government can't find you a job any more than it can find you a spouse or a hobby .
The process of matching individuals to employers can only be done by individuals .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Formula 1 chiefs need to go much further than just tweaking tyre rules or making pitstops mandatory if they are going to make the racing more exciting .
That is the view of Red Bull Racing 's Mark Webber , who thinks that wide scale changes are going to be needed to make overtaking easier - after confessing he was ' shocked ' at how difficult it now is get past someone with the 2010 generation of cars .
With F1 under the spotlight after a less than thrilling season opener in Bahrain , Webber believes the sport needs to find a way back to allow drivers to battle each other - something he thinks is now impossible .
" I think we can have as many pitstops as we want , but people want action on the track - and so do the drivers , " Webber told AUTOSPORT in the build - up to his home race in Australia .
" That is the thing we have been trying to solve for lots of years , but if you watch a touring car race - they are not passing each other every lap .
" I think the balance of the last few years was right - you do n't want an IRL race where they are passing each other 10 times a lap , you want a move that if it sticks it is very good and it is a quality move with a lot of respect between two drivers . "
He added : " The thing that disappointed me the most in Bahrain was I expected it [ overtaking ] to be tough , but there was n't even a chance , not a sniff , of getting something .
That was the biggest shock - it was like bloody hell !
" When Jenson [ Button ] got to Michael [ Schumacher ]
I thought he might have a chance , because he has got a good top speed advantage , and Jenson knows how to overtake - but it was n't easy .
" That was just the surprise to me - not having even a sniff .
In the past you got a few sniffs here and there and you could maybe have a crack , but it was a different ballgame in Bahrain . "
Webber does not believe that the spectacle in Melbourne , or in Malaysia next weekend , will be much better than was witnessed in the first race of the season .
" I think it will be similar to Bahrain , " he said .
" Unfortunately this is the way that races are .
I think people will stop at a similar time , and that is the fastest way to do the races .
" In Malaysia it is even longer for us to do a pitstop , with the pitlane being longer , so all those types of things mean you do n't want to be spending much time in the pitlane because you can't have a light car and explode by doing a short strategy to try and get ahead of somebody .
" Maybe with Michael I could have done something different last week , but you have fewer options .
It is the same for everybody and that is the way it is .
So people are covering off how to do the race so they do n't lose positions , and that means where you qualify is very important . "
When asked if there was a fear of the situation being repeated for the remaining races of the season , he said : " I do n't think it will happen for 18 races .
I think we will find ways .... it is a learning curve for all of us .
" All of us had a fair idea of how the races might go , but you are never sure until you actually get the gloves off in terms of how people will really do their race .
" People might have a different opinion this weekend on Sunday about how they might do it , and might think , ' let 's do it differently . '
We can only think what we are thinking . "
World champion Jenson Button thinks all of F1's stakeholders need to get together and sort out a solution to the problem if the entertainment factor does not improve in the next few grands prix .
" The last race was not the most exciting from a fans point of view , but I think we can improve it , and it takes all of us to look at what happened and not get too worried about it , " he said in Australia .
" We hope that this race is better , and we can look at this race and the one in Malaysia ... we can't just point fingers - we all need to work on improving the spectacle if it is not there . "
From Creator Russ Pitts , and Co-Executive Producer Alexander Macris , comes Game Dogs , the show about dogs - who make games .
Featuring the voice talents of Jon Etheridge , Tony Schnur , Alena Koch and George Palmer .
See a new episode every Thursday at Noon , ET , only at The Escapist .
A St. Paul man charged with beating up a quadruple amputee last week admitted Monday that he hit the woman , but only after she hit him first .
A criminal complaint filed in Ramsey County District Court said that Jacoby Laquan Smith got angry at his girlfriend Tiesha Bell because she blocked his view of the television in their East Side apartment .
He threw her to the floor and punched Bell in the face more than 10 times in the March 22 incident , according to the criminal complaint .
But in a telephone interview , Smith , 33 , said the dispute with Bell , 28 , started with an argument over whether she was seeing another man .
“ I had been dealing with her cheating on me , ” Smith said .
Smith said the argument escalated after “ I turned on the TV and she got mad . ”
“ She punched me in the groin ” Smith said .
He said Bell also hit him with a coffee canister and a bedpan .
“ It was full of pee , ” he said .
In response , “ I hit her once and that was it , ” Smith said .
“ Maybe twice . ”
Although Bell had both hands and part of both legs amputated because of a childhood illness , Smith said she can still be violent when she loses her temper .
“ She ’ll swing , push me down and choke me with her nubs , ” Smith said .
He said she also hit him with her wheelchair .
Bell on Monday agreed there was hitting on both sides .
She said she plans to marry Smith and does n’t want him to serve jail time .
“ We both need anger management , ” she said .
Smith has been charged with fifth degree assault , a misdemeanor , and interfering with a 911 call , a gross misdemeanor .
He said he plans to turn himself into St. Paul police later this week .
Richard Chin can be reached at 651-228-5560 .
Novell , the parent company of SUSE Linux Enterprise Server , seems to have slapped a huge “ For Sale ! ” sign on its front lawn .
It ’s sad , but this famous enterprise OS maker may soon be little more than a mildly interesting footnote to history .
OS Roundup : Stockholders in the Linux OS company are dissatisfied
with its performance .
Can Novell remedy the situation , or is a sale its best
option ?
A few weeks back , the company received an unsolicited conditional proposal from the hedge fund Elliot Associates to acquire the 91.5 percent of Novell it did n’t already own for $ 5.75 per share , or around $ 950 million ( net of cash ) .
Novell ’s board sat and had a think about this and , surprise , surprise , decided the company is worth more .
Well , it would say that , would n’t it ?
It was hardly likely to say that its business , which consists of little more than a second - rate enterprise Linux distro , was worth less .
The likes of Novell never tell their shareholders to take the money and run .
Instead , the board of the once mighty Novell has promised to look at other ways of keeping its shareholders happy — whether it be by bribing them with a juicy cash dividend or buying back stock , through strategic partnerships , alliances and joint ventures ( whatever that means ) , or “ a recapitalization and a sale of the Company . ”
Now , as a shareholder you always have to worry when a company you invest in thinks the best thing it can do with your money is give it back to you .
The reality is that these options , save the last , are just face - saving measures .
The real message from Novell is “ come and get me , I ’m anyone ’s for a halfway decent price . ”
A couple of weeks back I looked at the possibility of Microsoft buying Novell ’s Linux business , and there ’s no doubt the same thought will have crossed the board of Novell ’s collective mind .
Talking of Microsoft , the company seems to be doing all right at the moment , especially on the enterprise desktop : 87 percent of IT professionals are currently planning to deploy its Windows 7 desktop OS , according to a global survey carried out by Dell KACE .
That ’s considerably better than the 47 percent that planned to deploy Vista at the same point after its release .
Curiously , almost one - third of respondents say they are considering an alternative desktop OS to Vista or 7 , although that ’s down from 50 percent in 2009 .
But you must take those figures with a pinch of salt the size of the Titanic .
You can almost hear it : “ I ’m looking for an alternative to Vista or 7 .
Let ’s see … OS X ?
Chuck out all my PCs and buy overpriced Macs ?
I do n’t think so .
Linux ?
Runs on my PCs , plenty of free software , but will my vital XP apps run on it ?
Probably not . ”
The truth is 32 percent of the IT professionals surveyed may claim to be considering an alternative OS , but when push comes to shove they ’ll stick with one from Microsoft .
After all , 86 percent of these chaps said they were worried about software compatibility if they migrated to Windows 7 .
Imagine how much harder it would be to migrate to another platform altogether .
Nah —
Microsoft has nothing to worry about on that front .
In any case , Microsoft has gone to extraordinary lengths to ensure XP applications will work in 7 , offering Microsoft Enterprise Desktop Virtualization ( MED - V ) , which runs XP programs in a virtualized XP bubble in Windows 7 , and , XP Mode , a feature of the Professional and Ultimate editions of Windows 7 that runs older applications in an instance of XP running in a virtual machine .
Last week it lowered the barrier to running XP Mode with an update , which means XP Mode no longer requires hardware virtualization to run .
Previously , XP Mode would run only on machines equipped with a processor that had Intel VT or AMD -V virtualization extensions .
This ruled out older PCs as well as netbooks running Intel ’s Atom processor .
Microsoft clearly has the desktop sewn up , but in the data center it ’s a different matter altogether .
Now that the For Sale Sign is up at Novell , Microsoft must surely be considering making a cheeky offer to get its hands on an enterprise Linux .
It may not be Red Hat , but it ’s better than nothing .
Paul Rubens is a journalist based in Marlow on Thames , England .
He has been programming , tinkering and generally sitting in front of computer screens since his first encounter with a DEC PDP - 11 in 1979 .
Follow ServerWatch on Twitter
Using Moore ’s law as the metric of progress has become misleading : starting around the 65 - nm node , improvements in packing densities no longer translate to proportional increases in performance or energy efficiency .
Researchers predict that near - threshold computing could restore the relationship between transistor density and energy efficiency .
Credit : Dreslinski , et al. © 2010 IEEE .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
While electronic devices have greatly improved in many regards , such as in storage capacity , graphics , and overall performance , etc. , they still have a weight hanging around their neck : they ’re huge energy hogs .
When it comes to energy efficiency , today ’s computers , cell phones , and other gadgets are little better off than those from a decade ago , or more .
The problem of power goes beyond being green and saving money .
For electrical engineers , power has become the primary design constraint for future electronic devices .
Without lowering power consumption , improvements made in other areas of electronic devices could be useless , simply because there is n’t enough power to support them .
In a recent study , a team of researchers , Ronald Dreslinski , et al. , from the University of Michigan , have investigated a solution to the power problem by using a method called near - threshold computing ( NTC ) .
In the NTC method , electronic devices operate at lower voltages than normal , which reduces energy consumption .
The researchers predict that NTC could enable future computer systems to reduce energy requirements by 10 to 100 times or more , by optimizing them for low - voltage operation .
Unfortunately , low - voltage operation also involves performance trade - offs : specifically , performance loss , performance variation , and memory and logic failures .
Continuing Moore ’s law
As the researchers explain , reducing power consumption is essential for allowing the continuation of Moore ’s law , which states that the number of transistors on a chip doubles about every two years .
Continuing this exponential growth is becoming more and more difficult , and power consumption is the largest barrier to meaningful increases in chip density .
While engineers can design chips to hold additional transistors , power consumption has begun to prohibit these devices from actually being used .
As the researchers explain , engineers are currently facing “ a curious design dilemma : more gates can now fit on a die , but a growing fraction cannot actually be used due to strict power limits . …
It is not an exaggeration to state that developing energy - efficient solutions is critical to the survival of the semiconductor industry . ”
In the past , technologies that required large amounts of power eventually became replaced by more energy - efficient technologies ; for example , vacuum tubes were replaced by transistors .
Today , transistors are arranged using CMOS ( complementary metal - oxide - semiconductor ) circuitry design techniques .
Since beyond - CMOS technologies are still far from being commercially viable , and large investments have been made in CMOS - based infrastructure , the Michigan researchers predict that CMOS will likely be around for a while .
For this reason , solutions to the power problem must come from within .
“ NTC is an enabling technology that allows for continued scaling of CMOS - based devices , while significantly improving energy efficiency , ” Dreslinski told PhysOrg.com .
“ The major impact of the work is that , for a fixed battery lifetime , significantly more transistors can be used , allowing for greater functionality .
Particularly , [ NTC allows ] the full use of all transistors offered by technology scaling , eliminating ‘ Dark Silicon ’ that occurs as we scale to future technology nodes beyond 22 nm where ’ more transistors can be placed on chip , but will be unable to be turned on concurrently . ’ ”
Operating at threshold voltage
Near - threshold computing could be the key to decreasing power requirements without overturning the entire CMOS framework , the researchers say .
Although low - voltage computing is already popular as an energy - efficient technique for ultralow - energy niche markets such as wristwatches and hearing aids , its large circuit delays lead to large energy leakages that have made it impractical for most computing segments .
So far , these ultralow - energy devices have operated at extremely low “ subthreshold ” voltages , from around 200 millivolts down to the theoretical lower limit of 36 millivolts .
Conventional voltage operation is about 1.0 volts .
Meanwhile , near - threshold operation occurs around 400 - 500 millivolts , or near a device ’s threshold voltage .
Operating at near - threshold rather than subthreshold voltages could provide a compromise , enabling devices to require less energy while minimizing the energy leakage .
This improved trade - off could potentially open up low - voltage design to mainstream semiconductor products .
However , near - threshold computing still faces the other three challenges mentioned earlier : a 10 times performance loss , five times increase in performance variation , and an increase in functional failure rate of five orders of magnitude .
These challenges have not been widely addressed so far , but the Michigan researchers spend the bulk of their analysis reviewing the current research to overcome these barriers .
Part of the attraction of near - threshold computing is that it could have nearly universal applications in high - demand segments , such as data centers and personal computing .
As the Web continues to grow , more data centers and servers are needed to host websites , and their power consumption is currently doubling about every five years .
Personal computing devices , many of which are portable , could also benefit from increased battery lifetime due to reduced power needs .
Dreslinski notes that previous studies have shown that the impact of NTC on devices will vary based on a particular consumer ’s usage .
“ A user who only uses their device for making phone calls wo n't see much impact because most of the power is consumed outside the CPU , ” he said .
“ However , users who utilize music / video players and other compute - intensive tasks on their phone could see significant battery life improvements and reduced heat generated by the device .
Quantifying these numbers is difficult based on the varying workloads of users coupled with parallel advances in battery technologies .
My unofficial estimate would be a 1.5 x to 2 x improvement in battery lifetime , although some users could see significantly more or less . ”
Near - threshold computing could also be useful in sensor - based systems , which have applications in biomedical implants , among other areas .
While these sensors may have a size of about 1 mm3 , they often require batteries that are many orders of magnitude larger than the electronics themselves .
By reducing the power requirements by up to 100 times in sensors , near - threshold computing could open the doors to many possible future designs .
Explore further Nanotech SRAM for battery devices unveiled
More information : Ronald G. Dreslinski , Michael Wieckowski , David Blaauw , Dennis Sylvester , Trevor Mudge .
“ Near - Threshold Computing : Reclaiming Moore ’s Law Through Energy Efficient Integrated Circuits . ” Proceedings of the IEEE .
Vol. 98 , No. 2 , February 2010 .
Ronald G. Dreslinski , Michael Wieckowski , David Blaauw , Dennis Sylvester , Trevor Mudge .
“ Near - Threshold Computing : Reclaiming Moore ’s Law Through Energy Efficient Integrated Circuits . ” .
Vol. 98 , No. 2 , February 2010 .
Doi:10.1109 / JPROC2009.2034764
Copyright 2010 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
The age of great political oratory came quietly to a close in a north London crematorium yesterday .
There is no practising politician now who could work a live audience like Michael Foot , the man they laid to rest who died this month aged 96 .
The crowd of mourners were mostly grey and wrinkled – old socialists saying farewell to a dream that never came true .
It included only a few representatives of an internet generation that was n't born when Mr Foot stomped the country at election time , filling town halls to capacity , and drawing audiences to their feet in ecstatic applause .
It was magnificent , and hopeless .
While hundreds were inspired by the oratory of this witty , erudite and eloquent man , millions were turned off by television images of a party veering to the left under the unsteady hand of a white - haired old gentleman with a walking stick .
The tributes were led by Gordon Brown , who first entered the Commons during the last months of Foot 's leadership .
He praised Mr Foot as " one of the finest writers , one of the canniest of journalists , one of the most eloquent of orators , and one of the greatest parliamentarians ever " .
He added : " So many talents and it is to our benefit and the world 's that , early in his life , Michael decided to bring these talents to bear , not for himself , but for others .
It was a life which spanned almost a century , a life lived in the service of the greatest of progressive causes . "
The Prime Minister told fellow mourners that , when he and Sarah Brown took their infant son John to meet Mr Foot at his Hampstead home , which was notoriously crammed from basement to loft with books , Foot said he was going to give the child " a little gift " .
" Only for Michael could a ' little gift ' mean a first edition of Gulliver 's Travels " , Mr Brown said .
After he became an MP in 1945 , Mr Foot acquired a reputation as a left - wing rebel with no apparent interest in holding office .
In the early sixties , his refusal to toe the party line earned a period of expulsion from the parliamentary Labour party .
He was finally persuaded by Harold Wilson to join the opposition frontbench in 1970 and started his ministerial career when he was 60 .
Mr Wilson 's widow , Mary , was among the mourners at the Golders Green Crematorium yesterday .
She was accompanied by another former prime minster 's wife , Cherie Blair .
Tony Blair is abroad .
Mr Foot became leader of a deeply divided party in 1980 , when the left wing , lead by Tony Benn , appeared to be on the point of gaining control of Labour .
His first months as leader were taken up with a doomed attempt to persuade the former cabinet ministers Roy Jenkins , Shirley Williams and David Owen , and others to stay in the Labour party .
Despite his pleading , they broke away to set up the short - lived Social Democratic Party .
At the election in 1983 , the anti-Tory vote divided so evenly that Labour only narrowly avoided coming third in the popular vote , while Margaret Thatcher was returned with a huge majority .
Yesterday , Mr Foot 's successor , Neil Kinnock , said that Mr Foot deserves praise for taking on a thankless task .
" His most self - sacrificing act was to agree to become leader of the Labour party at the age of 67 , " Lord Kinnock said .
He added that Mr Foot was put through " agony " by the " self - indulgence " of the Labour left and by " desertions " on the right , but ultimately " his dedication and raw courage saved the Labour party " .
Lord Kinnock added : " In thought and in word and in deed , Michael Foot was brave and brilliant . "
A family friend Peter Jones , paid tribute to Mr Foot 's devotion to Plymouth , where he was brought up and where his father , Isaac , was Lord Mayor .
Mr Foot was MP for Plymouth Davenport from 1945 - 51 , and later succeeded Aneurin Bevan as MP for Ebbw Vale .
He became a lifelong supporter of Plymouth Argyle after being taken to his first game in 1921 .
He stuck with them , as Mr Jones put it , " through thin and thin " .
At the age of 90 was made a member of the squad .
His player 's profile on the club website described him as a left - winger who was unlikely to veer to the right .
The other speakers at yesterday 's ceremony were Mark Seddon , former editor of the left - wing newspaper , Tribune , for which Mr Foot worked for many years ; Ruth Kent , his colleague in the Campaign For Nuclear Disarmament ; his stepdaughter , Julie Hamilton ; and his great - nephew Tom Foot .
From the Union Leader :
( Hat tip : Americablog )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
For many households trying to improve their finances , tossing out pitches from the bank has become almost automatic .
But in recent weeks ,
Chase has been fanning special letters out to consumers with an offer that it urges them not to refuse .
“ Your debit card may not work the same way anymore , even if you just made a deposit .
Unless we hear from you , ” the message , emblazoned in large red type , warns .
“ If you do n’t contact us , your everyday debit card transactions that overdraw your account will not be authorized after August 15 , 2010 — even in an emergency , ” with “ even in an emergency ” underlined for emphasis .
As the government cracks down on the way banks charge fees for overspending on debit cards , the industry is mounting an aggressive campaign aimed at keeping billions of dollars in penalty income flowing into its coffers .
Chase and other banks are preparing a full - court marketing blitz , which is likely to include filling mailboxes with various aggressive and persuasive letters , calling account holders directly , and sending a steady stream of e-mail to urge consumers to keep their overdraft service turned on .
Starting this summer , banks must get consumers to agree , or “ opt in , ” to a service covering purchases on a debit card when there is not enough money in their account .
The Federal Reserve has ordered the same restriction for banks that want to let people withdraw more than their balance at an automated teller machine .
Many banks now automatically provide such coverage for fees of up to $ 35 or more .
PANDO
While Pando is n’t technically the oldest individual tree , this clonal colony of Quaking Aspen in Utah is truly ancient .
The 105 - acre colony is made of genetically identical trees , called stems , connected by a single root system .
The “ trembling giant ” got its start at least 80,000 years ago , when all of our human ancestors were still living in Africa .
But some estimate the woodland could be as old as 1 million years , which would mean Pando predates the earliest Homo sapiens by 800,000 years .
At 6,615 tons , Pando is also the heaviest living organism on earth .
The photo above of the Pando colony was taken by Rachel Sussman , as part of The Oldest Living Things In The World project .
METHUSELAH
The world ’s oldest individual tree lives 10,000 feet above sea level in the Inyo National Forest , California .
A staggering 4,765 years old , this primeval tree was already a century old when the first pyramid was built in Egypt .
The tree is hidden among other millennia - old Great Basin bristlecone pines in a grove called the Forest of Ancients .
To protect the tree from vandalism , the forest service keeps its exact location secret , but this one looks like it could be Methuselah .
ZOROASTRIAN SARV ( SARV-E- ABARKOOH )
This giant cypress lives in Abarkooh , Iran .
The evergreen took root between 4,000 and 4,500 years ago , around the time that Stonehenge was being completed .
It may be the oldest living thing in Asia , and is a national monument in Iran .
The Zorastrian Sarv stands about 82 feet high and has a girth of 37.8 feet .
LLANGERNYW YEW
This common yew in Llangernyw , Wales , sprouted during Britain ’s Bronze Age , and is between 3,000 and 4,000 years old .
Yew trees can live so long because new shoots from the trunk fuse with it .
When the main trunk dies , these offshoots keep going .
Branches can also take root in the rotting trunk , or reach down into the soil near the base .
ALERCE TREE
The majestic evergreen tree was discovered in 1993 in a grove in the Andes Mountains of south - central Chile .
Using tree rings , scientists showed the giant is
THE SENATOR
This giant bald cypress lives in the semi-tropical Big Tree Park , Florida , among palm trees .
The Senator is the biggest tree by volume east of the Mississippi River .
The 125 - foot - tall behemoth is about 3,500 years old .
The cypress germinated around the same time as the Polynesians first settled Fiji .
Update : Sadly , The Senator burned down after this was published .
JŌMON SUGI
This cryptomeria tree ’s 83 - foot height and 53 - foot girth makes it the largest conifer in Japan .
The tree grows in a misty , old - growth forest on the north face of the tallest mountain on Yakushima island in Japan .
Tree rings indicate the venerable cryptomeria is at least 2,000 years old , though some estimate it could be as old as 7,000 years .
GENERAL SHERMAN
This towering giant sequoia stretches 275 feet , about as tall as a 27 - story high - rise building , and is 102.6 feet around .
That makes it the largest ( by volume ) individual tree in the world .
The general lives in the Sequoia National Park in California .
Scientists believe this tree could be anywhere from 2,300 years old to 2,700 years old .
TE MATUA NGAHERE
This majestic Kauri tree is nestled in the last stretch of a primeval rainforest in Waipoua Forest , New Zealand .
The tree is thought to be around 2,000 years old .
With a 52.5 - foot girth , Te Matua Ngahere is the fattest tree in New Zealand .
The giant , whose name means “ Father of the Forest ” in Maori , was severely damaged in a storm in 2007 .
JARDINE JUNIPER
This juniper tree lives in the Cache National Forest in Utah .
It was originally thought to be around 3,200 years old , but core samples downgraded it to a mere 1,500 years old .
It ’s around 40 feet tall and 24 feet around .
KONGEEGEN
This gnarled , ancient oak tree is set away in the Jægerspris North Forest in Denmark .
Scientists estimate the “ King Oak ” is between 1,500 to 2,000 years old , making it a contender for the title of oldest individual tree in Northern Europe .
Though it germinated in an open meadow , the trees growing around it are slowly closing in on the old oak and killing it .
OLD TJIKKO
This ancient , 16 - foot tall Norway spruce lives in the scrubby Fulufjället Mountains in Sweden .
At 9,550 years , Old Tjikko is the oldest single - stemmed clonal tree , and took root not long after the glaciers receded from Scandinavia after the last ice age .
To figure out the hardy spruce ’s age , scientists carbon - dated its roots .
For thousands of years , the forbidding tundra - climate kept Old Tjikko in shrub form .
But as weather warmed over the last century , the shrub has grown into a full - fledged tree .
The spruce ’s discoverer , geologist Leif Kullman , named the tree after his dead dog .
Message of the day to all Dems , Coakley , Rahm , Celinda Lake , national Dem committees , Axelrod , whoever , whatever :
Shut the *$ %& Up !
I do n’t know how else to say it .
I ’m watching MSNBC and hearing all the key players dumping on each other .
As I ’ve said , the Coakley campaign seems to have been run just terribly .
And that ’s just the beginning of it .
But really , with all that ’s at stake , the White House political office left this to Coakley , unsupervised ?
Really ?
I just have very little patience hearing all the people who are by definition all to blame have an argument about who ’s most to blame .
What I ’m seeing — and this is n’t just based on public comments but our reporting behind the scenes — is that there ’s a lot more energy going into dodging blame for this unforced error of galactic proportions than there is going into the real issue : closing the loop on the health care bill .
Which is the only issue in policy terms and political terms .
That ’s it .
Everything else is water under the bridge .
And the key is this : this nonsense arguing is very reminiscent of 6 months of chatter and wasted negotiations that prevented this from getting done in the early summer instead of letting it get to this point .
Which was n-e - e - d - l -e-s-s .
Jon Chait has this right .
The Dems need to relax , get to work , pass the bill and move on .
A federal judge has rejected the Bush administration 's justification for warrantless wiretapping of suspected terrorists and ruled that federal agents had eavesdropped illegally on a U.S. - based Islamic charity .
The ruling Wednesday by Chief U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker of San Francisco focused on the surveillance of a single organization , the Al - Haramain Islamic Foundation - the only plaintiff in dozens of wiretapping lawsuits around the nation that had evidence its calls were intercepted .
But Walker 's reasoning struck at the heart of the program President George W. Bush authorized after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , allowing agents to intercept phone calls and e-mails between Americans and suspected foreign terrorists without a warrant .
When Bush acknowledged the surveillance in December 2005 , he claimed the power to override a 1978 law , passed in response to revelations of wiretapping of political dissidents , that required the government to obtain advance court approval for each act of eavesdropping .
Walker said Wednesday that Bush lacked that authority .
Under the argument advanced by the Bush administration , " executive branch officials may treat as optional ... a statute ( the 1978 law ) enacted specifically to rein in and create a judicial check for executive - branch abuses of surveillance authority , " the judge said .
That " theory of unfettered executive - branch discretion " holds an " obvious potential for governmental abuse and overreaching , " Walker said .
Al - Haramain 's lawyer , Jon Eisenberg , said the decision amounted to a finding that the entire program was illegal .
" Inherent in what Walker has done in this case is a determination that President Bush 's program of warrantless surveillance was unlawful , " Eisenberg said .
" Everybody has to follow the law , including the president . "
The Bush administration said it ended the program in mid-2008 and allowed a special court , created by the 1978 law , to review the wiretaps .
The administration did not disclose the scope of that review , and neither Bush nor President Obama has revealed the extent of any continuing surveillance .
The ruling was also a rebuff to Obama .
Although he had criticized Bush 's surveillance program while running for president , Obama 's Justice Department has repeatedly sought to dismiss the Al - Haramain suit and fought any judicial review of the wiretapping program .
Secret evidence
The department argued that courts lacked the power to decide whether any alleged surveillance was legal because all evidence related to wiretapping was a secret whose disclosure would aid the nation 's enemies .
Department lawyers refused to tell Walker whether they thought the overall program was legal .
Walker described the Justice Department 's arguments as " nit- picking " and " acrobatics . "
He said the government had spurned every offer to justify its conduct in closed - door proceedings that could have protected any state secrets .
The Obama administration now must decide whether to appeal the ruling and invite the first decision by a higher court on the validity of the surveillance program .
The Justice Department was noncommittal about an appeal and instead issued a statement stressing Attorney General Eric Holder 's recent restrictions on government claims of secrecy .
The new rules require a high - level Justice Department committee to review all such claims , with the attorney general having the last word .
Paper trail
Other lawsuits challenging the wiretapping program have stumbled over a judicial requirement that the plaintiffs show evidence they were wiretapped .
But the government inadvertently sent a classified document in 2004 to Al - Haramain , a now - defunct charity that was based in Oregon , reportedly showing that two of its lawyers had been wiretapped .
Several months after the surveillance began , the government classified Al - Haramain as a terrorist organization , a description its leaders called false .
The group returned the document at the government 's request and was barred from using it as evidence .
But Walker said Al - Haramain had established - through public statements by an FBI official , other nonclassified evidence and the timing of its lawyers ' phone calls and the terrorist designation - that it had been illegally wiretapped .
Eisenberg said his clients , Al - Haramain and the two lawyers , would ask for the damages the law allows - $ 20,200 each , or $ 100 for each day of illegal surveillance - plus punitive damages and attorneys ' fees .
2010 Olympics : Team Russia aftermath ( Photo © sovsport.ru )
The 2010 Olympic Hockey Tournament has probably been the biggest disappointing ever for Team Russia .
The early quarterfinal elimination against Team Canada was the worst result ever .
As soon as the tournament was over for Russia , we published the Top 5 reasons for this fail , now RussianHockey Fans.com judged all the players on the roster .
Goalkeepers
Ilya Bryzgalov : B +
He played a good game against Slovakia , but he got a L and thus he got benched in the following matches .
He should have get more chances .
Evgeny Nabokov : D
In the first match against Latvia he did n’t look too good , but it was an easy game .
Against the Czechs he did his job , but in the quarterfinals he had just a terrible night .
He should have been benched earlier .
He was really disappointing .
Defencemen
Andrei Markov : C +
Unfortunately he was n’t in his best shape .
He tried hard being useful for his team but he did n’t play his best and also he did n’t get enough ice time .
Anton Volchenkov : C +
One of the best blueliners for this team .
He always tried hard , blocked a lot of shots , played physically .
But against Canada he did n’t particularly stand out .
Dmitriy Kalinin : C
He did n’t look out of place .
He was n’t team Russia ’s best blueliner but he did his job .
Sergei Gonchar : C
Just like Markov he did n’t get too much ice time .
And he appeared in the score sheet only once .
Fedor Tyutin : C -
He did n’t do anything special .
As a NHL player he should have bring more to the team .
Ilya Nikulin : C -
He did n’t make disasters , but it showed that he ’s not used to face elite level competition and he faced some hard time in the own zone .
Denis Grebeshkov : C-
He did n’t impress , even in the round robin games .
He still has a lot of room for improvements , but he has to deliver better performances .
Konstantin Korneev : C-
He did n’t look bad , but he was the only pointless player on the roster .
The CSKA captain did n’t look out of place in the round robin , even if he has been played most of times in an unusual and unexpected role .
His ice time has been limited in the game against Canada .
Forwards
Sergei Fedorov : C +
The proof that you can be a good player even at 40 .
Even if he looked a bit slow , he played well throughout the whole tournament and despite the infamous quarterfinal game he was one of the best players in Team Russia jersey .
Evgeni Malkin : C
Malkin , just like most of the forwards , played fairly well in the round robin matches , but he did n’t show up when it mattered more .
Pavel Datsyuk : C
Maybe he did n’t gel with his linemates , but Datsyuk did n’t really impress during these Olympic games , he did n’t look the key player he is for the Red Wings , just think about the shoot out attempt against Slovakia .
Alexei Morozov : C
Team Russia ’s captain tried hard , but did n’t impress too much .
He scored an important goal against the Slovaks , but that ’s pretty much all .
Maxim Afinogenov : C
He went unpleasantly unnoticed in the first couple of games , then he improved a bit and scored a nice , yet unuseful , goal against the Canadians .
Danis Zaripov : C-
The ZZM line has always had good chemistry , too bad in Vancouver they played on small ice …
He did fairly well in the first couple of games , then he slept away .
Viktor Kozlov : C-
His call was questionable , and he did n’t do too much to make people change idea .
That being said , he could have get a chance in the shootouts against Slovakia .
Alexander Radulov : C-
Radulov did n’t play bad , but not great either .
He almost spoiled the party against the Slovaks when he missed a chance , got a penalty and then injured Zinoviev , but he probably deserved more ice time .
Sergei Zinoviev : C-
Kudos for playing in the quarterfinals on one leg , but he should have sat on the bench , especially after that terrible turnover in the neutral zone that led Canadians to a goal .
Alexander Ovechkin : D
Perhaps the biggest disappointment of the tournament as he was the most awaited player .
He was a no factor against Canada and overall lost the phenom fight against Crosby .
Ilya Kovalchuk : D
What a difference between the Kovalchuk we admired at the last two WC in Quebec and Switzerland .
He looked more the player on ice at the Turin Olympics .
One goal is definitely not enough for a player of his caliber .
Alexander Semin : D
Just like other Russian superstar forwards , he did n’t show up .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
The chief of the International Atomic Energy Agency said Monday hecannot confirm that all of Iran 's nuclear activities are peaceful , choosing his words carefully after tensions were sparked by his recentsuggestion that Teheran may be working on a secret arms program .
Internationalofficials separately revealed a new source of friction between Iran and the international agency , telling The Associated Press that Iran wasresisting agency efforts to improve monitoring of the IslamicRepublic 's recently launched higher enrichment program .
Iranstarted enriching uranium to near 20 percent about three weeks ago , from the previous 3.5 percent level .
Iran says it is doing so to createfuel for a research reactor , but the move increased internationalconcern because it moves the country closer to creating weapons - gradematerial that can be used to arm missiles .
The officials saidthat since then , Iran has resisted agency requests to be able to mountadditional cameras to monitor the new program .
The officials , who asked for anonymity because their information was confidential , specified that cameras previously in place were now trained on Iran ' snew enrichment effort but said the agency believed it needed additionalequipment to be able to fully watch the process .
Asked whether hisagency was able to monitor the new enrichment program as closely theprevious one , enriching to 3.5 percent , IAEA chief Yukiya Amano saidmaking the needed adjustments " takes a certain amount of time .
" Membersof the 35 - nation International Atomic Energy Agency board were closelyfollowing Amano 's statement opening the March board session to see ifhe would follow up on his hard - hitting Iran report issued last week .
Inthat document , Amano — who took the post in December — expressedconcern that Iran may be working on making a nuclear warhead , suggesting for the first time that Iran had either resumed such work ornever stopped when US intelligence thought it did .
Iran deniesany interest in developing nuclear arms , contradicting a 2007 USintelligence assessment concluding that Iran had worked on such weaponsbefore apparently suspending such activities in 2003 .
Amano 's report , in contrast , suggested Iran never froze its experiments , expressing " concerns about the possible existence in Iran of past or currentundisclosed activities related to the development of a nuclear payloadfor a missile .
" The Japanese diplomat was more circumspectMonday , devoting only four paragraphs to Iran in eight pages ofcomments .
His assessment that the agency " cannot confirm that allnuclear material in Iran is in peaceful activities " was less forcefulthan the central finding of his report .
The careful wording wasreminiscent of language used by Amano 's predecessor , Mohamed ElBaradei .
The Egyptian diplomat was occasionally accused by the West of being toosoft on Iran .
Ali Asghar Soltanieh , Iran 's chief delegate to the meeting , was pleased by Amano 's change in tone .
" Thisoral report of Mr. Amano was a little bit better than the written , " hetold reporters , calling the written report " unjustified and notacceptable .
"
A diplomat from one of the board member countriessaid Amano was attempting to defuse passions generated by his reportand seeking to head off potential confrontation with Iran 's allies onthe board — nonaligned nations Iran counts upon for support .
He askedfor anonymity because he was not authorized to talk to the media .
Thesenations , which make up about a third of the board , often blame the USand other Western nations accusing Iran of harboring weapons ambitionsof making unsubstantiated accusations .
And they are suspicious of whatthey see as attempts by developed nations to block them from acquiringpeaceful nuclear technological know - how and back Iran when it depictsitself as a victim of such endeavors .
Such sentiments werereflected in a confidential statement from developing nations preparedfor delivery later in the week at the board session and made availableto The Associated Press .
" States ' choices and decisions , including those of the Islamic Republic of Iran , in the field ofpeaceful uses of nuclear technology ... must be respected , " said thestatement .
Indirectly criticizing Amano 's choice of words in hisreport , the statement noted " with concern the possible implications ofthe departure " from previous report language .
It took three rounds of elections last year for Amano to prevail overSouth Africa 's Abdul Minty — a contender backed by most developingnations — reflecting the persistent North - South divide that frequentlybedevils attempts to reach consensus at board meetings .
Iran is under three sets of UN Security Council sanctions for refusingto freeze uranium enrichment — a potential pathway to nuclear weapons — and other activities generating concerns that it seeks to make fissilewarhead material .
It insists , however , that it is enriching only tomake nuclear fuel for an envisaged reactor network .
Friday morning , the fool 's parade started .
Apple is taking online " pre-orders " for its iPad tablet , which is supposed to begin shipping on April 3 .
Buying a new kind of product sight unseen is foolish .
Especially given how mysterious Apple has been on what the iPad can do and what restrictions on capabilities and media access it will place on users and content providers .
Why blow $ 500 to $ 830 on a device that may not be what you expect ?
Just wait a mere three weeks to see for sure what it actually does and what surprises , good and bad , Apple has packed into the iPad .
[ Discover the questions Apple wo n't answer about the iPad before you shell out your cash .
|
Keep up to date on the fast - moving world of mobile with InfoWorld 's Mobilize newsletter . ]
Do n't get me wrong :
The iPad concept is promising in many ways .
And I have no doubt that the iPad will appeal to many people even if it 's not p erfect .
But we 've all seen promising product demonstrations that resulted in major letdown when we finally got a hold of the real thing .
Why take that chance ?
After all , the first - generation iPad is particularly likely to have disappointments , as it's the version that will tell us what , after the hoopla dies down , Apple should have done .
Sure , we can expect Apple to make future innovations in the iPhone OS ( which the iPad uses ) available to the first generation of iPad devices through OS upgrades -- as Apple has nicely done for iPhone and iPod Touch owners .
But the iPad 's hardware is n't upgradable , so you 'll be stuck with the iPad 's relatively low amounts of memory and its lack of connectors such as USB that I would expect Apple to remedy inthe future .
And you 'll be stuck with whatever iTunes - based content locks Apple decides to place on media content and e-books .
Remember , the same thing happened with the iPod Touch , Apple 's iPhone - based PDA .
The first - generation iPod Touch could play only a few sounds and even then only at a whisper , so its calendar alarms and new - email alerts were useless unless you wearing its earphones .
You could n't change the volume without using the touchscreen -- a real issue when driving , jogging , or carrying groceries .
There was no microphone , so you could n't take voice memos or use services like Skype .
( Apple even blocked external microphones from working on it ! )
Despite Apple making sure each iPhone OS revision has continued to support the first - generation iPod Touch , those hardware limits remain in the actual devices .
You can bet that similar types of issue will be discovered in the first iPad .
Maybe I 'm wrong -- maybe the iPad will be the full " magic " that Steve Jobs promises .
Wonderful !
If that 's the case , buy one when you know it really is magic -- after people not employed by Apple have had a chance to really use it and put it through its paces .
Until then , why send Apple your money until you know for sure ?
Doing so would be , well , foolish .
One positive sign in all this iPad hoopla :
One of my breathless local TV news stations had its tech reporter at an Apple Store Thursday night hoping to find people lined up to camp out so they could be first in line Friday morning ( at 8:30 a.m.
Eastern time , 5:30 a.m. Pacific ) to order an iPad -- the station was clearly hoping for the kind of lemming - like frenzy we saw for Windows 95 ( remember that ? ) , the first iPhone , and for fan - driven movies like the " Star Wars , " " Star Trek , " and " Harry Potter " franchises .
But guess what :
There was no line .
Sure , it looked like a few people were willing to go online first thing in the morning to order their iPads sight unseen , or even head to an Apple Store before work today to order one .
But only a few .
Maybe the infamous Jobs reality distortion field does have limits after all .
( Yes , I know you can't pre-order an iPad at the Apple Store .
Clearly the TV station 's anchorwoman did n't know when she asked the on - the - scene reporter if people were lining up already .
And I doubt she 's alone in that misimpression . )
A fool and his money are soon parted , the saying goes .
Let 's hope most Apple fans are as smart as they claim to be .
Do n't forget to be part of the InfoWorld Mobile Patrol : Send in your tips , complaints , news , and ideas to comments@infoworldmobile.com .
Thanks !
This article , " Only a fool would pre-order an iPad , " was originally published at InfoWorld.com .
Read more of Gruman et al. 's Mobile Edge blog and follow the latest developments in mobile computing at InfoWorld.com .
This story , " iPad Pre-Orders : For Idiots Only " was originally published by InfoWorld .
Social media sites Facebook , YouTube and Twitter — nerdy novelties the last time Torontonians chose a mayor and council — are now prime campaigning ground and home to most of the action early in the marathon race .
Sarah Thomson used the tools to quickly find 50 youthful volunteers , more people have seen Rocco Rossi ’s Empire Club speech online than in person ; and every nugget of election news is weighed , dissected and debated by the twitterverse .
The word - spreading tools can have a sharp end .
Witness the documentary footage , getting a second life on YouTube , of current mayoral candidates Giorgio Mammoliti and Rob Ford giddily accusing a journalist of calling Ford a “ fat f----” and chasing him down a council chamber hallway .
“ Any campaign that ignores social media is ignoring a segment of the population that is younger , more active , and politically engaged , ” said Sachin Aggarwal , campaign manager for Rossi , a former vice president of early strategic planning and new media for the Star .
“ It has significantly aided our growth , ” he said .
Rossi has shot from public obscurity to a perceived contender , despite some pushback in the social media , including the Facebook page titled :
Can this bike lane get more votes than Rocco Rossi ?
A survey of the web presence of various Toronto mayoral candidates suggests Rossi has the most going on , with an interconnected , frequently updated campaign website with blog , multiple Facebook pages , Twitter feed and YouTube channel .
Sarah Thomson , publisher of the Women ’s Post , is hot on new media .
She ’s using those tools plus Foursquare , which tells her fans where she is geographically almost all the time .
Rob Ford ’s camp has also embraced the chance to extend his grassroots reach .
Mammoliti , Deputy Mayor Joe Pantalone and — surprisingly for the perceived front - runner — former deputy premier George Smitherman all have , to date , only a token social media presence .
Smitherman ’s campaign website contains almost no information .
The lone multimedia feature is a YouTube video that has mid-conversation edits and 21 seconds of the newly registered candidate mutely lacing his skates .
“ We ’re so early in this campaign we ’re just getting started , ” said Stefan Baranski , spokesman for Smitherman ’s campaign , which is drawing on the expertise of some of Ontario ’s top political communicators and strategists .
“ Social media is an important tool and we all agree it ’s hugely important , but it is just a tool and not the be-all and end - all .
Shortly , we ’ll have a full campaign website with a social media component that has not been done before in a Toronto mayoral context . ”
Baranski said it will include a free - wheeling forum of “ not just George supporters . ”
Brett Bell , a social media consultant for campaigns and operator of the aggregator website Toronto Election News , says the different tools have different virtues .
Facebook is “ where the fish are , ” he says , with high penetration among Toronto voters and a chance for candidates to meet them on their home turf .
A big presence there , with candidates ’ “ fans ” getting updates seen by them and their non-fan friends , is “ essential ” in this campaign , he said .
Twitter has a much smaller penetration but the people there tend to be influential , including reporters and behind - the - scenes media workers .
YouTube is a primary way to get the message out , an important search engine and a way for candidates to let voters see them as regular people , he said .
“ A video is worth 100,000 words in terms of giving people a chance to know you , ” Bell says .
For use of social media , so far , he ranks the mayoral candidates , from best to worst , Rossi ( “ he clearly believes in this stuff ” ) , Ford ( “ give him his due , he and his team are fully engaged ) , Thomson ( “ the most open ” ) , Smitherman ( “ there is a lot more to come from him ” ) , and a tie for Pantalone ( “ I do n’t know if he is comfortable with social media , but either way it ’s okay if the uses are authentic ” ) and Mammoliti ( “ He ’s the one who probably needs ( social media ) the most , he ’s in danger of being a fringe candidate ” ) .
The BlackBerry - wielding Thomson , who like Rossi is building a public profile from scratch , said online was always top - of - mind .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ We got 50 volunteers because of that website and the stuff we ’re doing online , and they ’re all kids , ” she said , accusing some of her competitors of using social media only to “ sell , sell , sell ” and not spark debate .
“ The power of these things is to get people engaged , with sites like Meetup.com and Foursquare .
On the weekend I told people I was on the Toronto Island ferry and some people came up to me and said , ‘ You ’re Sarah Thomson .
You ’re on Foursquare . ’ ”
But nobody has as loyal a following online as Ford , with comment - posting supporters swarming like yellowjackets to virtually any mention of him .
His brother and campaign manager , Doug Ford , cites the online campaigning of U.S. President Barack Obama , and more recently Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown , as templates .
The Ford camp will soon put up billboards with a number to text to receive automatic information about the candidate .
“ It plays a huge role ” in getting Ford ’s penny - pinching , customer - service message out and past the media filters , Doug Ford says .
As for the profane YouTube video — an excerpt from Min Sook Lee ’s documentary Hogtown : the Politics of Policing showing a 2004 confrontation in which Ford and Mammoliti hound The Globe and Mail ’s John Barber — Doug Ford shrugs .
“ Rob is evolving day by day ” and getting top - notch media training , he says .
“ Everyone ’s waiting for Rob to go over the ropes — he ’s not going to do it . ”
John Laschinger , a high - profile campaign manager who recently joined Pantalone ’s campaign , said the veteran politician ’s web tools are all being upgraded .
“ It will be an important part of the debate , but it does n’t replace door to door ( campaigning ) , it complements it . . . you have to motivate people to get off their computer and go to the ballot box . ”
Dan Leggieri , media relations manager for the Mammoliti campaign , said he ’s using social media to help set the record straight .
Mammoliti is “ not leading the pack now and is n’t the media ’s favourite .
Facebook , YouTube and Twitter are a way to get the candidate ’s real words out there . ”
Not a fan of farmville but this is so adorable !
Was it hard to mold the marzipan ?
And are the animals made only of icing ?
By By Stephanie Dearing Mar 11 , 2010 in Entertainment
You know of graffiti artists who strike under the cover of night , spraying their artwork on available surfaces .
And you 've likely heard of guerrilla gardeners who like to plant gardens in barren urban corners .
But guerrilla knitting ?
The West Cape May Mayor , Pam Kaithern , reportedly enjoys the handiwork of the Midnight Knitter .
The guerrilla knitter or knitters have specifically been targeting A person or group calling him / herself " Salty Knits " has claimed to be behind the colourful handmade decorations that show up overnight .
There is a " mystery knitters who are sick of knittin kitten mittens . "
They are also on The news of the exploits of the Midnight Knitter is delighting people around the world .
The idea of knitting sweaters for trees got started in 2006 when someone calling him or herself " Tree Hugger " began knitting cozies for trees in New York .
The idea
The movement puts new meaning to Joyce Kilmer 's famous poem , " I THINK that I shall never see A poem lovely as a tree A tree whose hungry mouth is prest Against the earth 's sweet flowing breast ;
A tree that looks at God all day , And lifts her leafy arms to pray ; A tree that may in Summer wear A nest of robins in her hair ; Upon whose bosom snow has lain ;
Who intimately lives with rain .
Poems are made by fools like me , But only God can make a tree . "
West Cape May , N.J. - Making sweaters for trees is a relatively new phenomenon .
The nightly art installations have been the source of pleasure for many residents of West Cape May , New Jersey , but police say it 's still a crime .
The unknown knitter has been en-sheathing tree branches , tree trunks , hydro poles and lamp posts with unique fitted sweaters .
Police are investigating because the person who is committing the crime of art is using public property without permission .
Police have not said if there would be any charges laid against the Midnight Knitter , if the person was ever tracked down .
The West Cape May Mayor , Pam Kaithern , reportedly enjoys the handiwork of the Midnight Knitter .
The guerrilla knitter or knitters have specifically been targeting Wilbraham Park in West Cape May since the end of February 2010 .
A person or group calling him / herself " Salty Knits " has claimed to be behind the colourful handmade decorations that show up overnight .
There is a Facebook group for the They are also on MySpace , and the Mystery Knitters / Salty Knits have their own website .
The group has n't limited itself to trees and poles , having also created cozies for public telephone cords and stop sign poles in West Cape May .
The news of the exploits of the Midnight Knitter is delighting people around the world .
The idea of knitting sweaters for trees got started in 2006 when someone calling him or herself " Tree Hugger " began knitting cozies for trees in New York .
The idea caught on , and tree cozies have since been knit in Indiana , Ohio , Oregon , Michigan and Illinois , and now New Jersey .
The movement puts new meaning to Joyce Kilmer 's famous poem , Trees " I THINK that I shall never seeA poem lovely as a treeA tree whose hungry mouth is prestAgainst the earth 's sweet flowing breast ;
A tree that looks at God all day , And lifts her leafy arms to pray ; A tree that may in Summer wearA nest of robins in her hair ; Upon whose bosom snow has lain ; Who intimately lives with rain .
Poems are made by fools like me , But only God can make a tree . "
More about Midnight knitter ,
West cape may new , Mystery knitters , Salty knits ,
Tree sweaters More news from midnight knitter west cape may new mystery knitters salty knits tree sweaters tree cozies
The dark satiny texture of Anchor Bock® , with its rich hints of chocolate , caramel and roasted barley , is our interpretation of the historically strong German beers that signal the coming of spring .
Anchor Bock ®
Beer is brewed from a complex blend of malts , and fresh , whole - cone hops .
In the ancient bock tradition , the dark - colored craft brew is released in time for springtime celebrations .
Bock beers are believed to have originated in the town of Einbeck , Germany and traditionally feature a goat on their labels .
The term , “ bock ” occurs in several Germanic languages and roughly translates to “ billy goat ” , but there are some unlikely alternatives .
Followers of the zodiac have described it as a beer for Capricorn , the time when , as the days grow longer , brewers brew their bock beers in anticipation of the coming of spring .
Over time , bock has come to define a beer darker and stronger than a brewery 's “ regular ” brew .
One with , you might say , the kick of a goat behind it .
Three Pittsburgh police officers who stand accused of wantonly beating 18 - year - old honor student Jordan Miles have all passed lie detector tests .
But Miles also passed a lie detector test regarding the incident .
So whose lie detector is lying ?
Jill King Greenwood reports for the Pittsburgh Tribune - Review :
Three Pittsburgh police officers accused of beating a Homewood teenager during a January arrest near his home passed polygraph tests over the weekend , the president of the police union said .
Officers David Sisak , Richard Ewing and Michael Saldutte took the tests from a private polygraph administrator at the same time that nearly 100 other city officers marched in the St. Patrick ’s Day Parade Downtown on Saturday wearing T - shirts in support of the three , who are on paid administrative leave while the city and FBI investigate the Jan. 12 incident .
“ They have been telling the truth all along , ” said Fraternal Order of Police Fort Pitt Lodge No. 1 President Dan O’Hara .
“ They hesitated to take the tests only because they did n’t want to set the precedent so that every time an officer is accused of excessive force , people are calling for them to take a polygraph test . ”
Jordan Miles , 18 , an honors student at the Creative and Performing Arts High School , said the officers beat him .
According to his attorney , Miles passed an FBI polygraph test last month .
Police filed assault and other charges against Miles , saying he ran from and then fought with them .
Miles said he did n’t know the three decorated , plainclothes officers were police .
Earlier this month , District Judge Oscar Petite dismissed the criminal case against Miles .
Last week , Mayor Luke Ravenstahl said he expected to release the results of the investigation into the incident sometime this week .
Mayoral spokeswoman Joanna Doven said nothing will be released today .
The good folks at HTC have been pretty consistent about getting the Kernel Source Code and Binaries of their Android Phones out there into the public realm .
While most Android users have no need / use for them , this equips the Android hackers and modders with the stuff they need to create customized builds and goodies for rooted phones .
And at the most basic level , it gives them a better understanding of how HTC does what they does ( purposeful typo ) .
The code was released today and you can download it in a 63.7 MB file .
Head over to the HTC Developer page to snag it .
Snap to it devs… and does what you does best !
Three accused ' intoxicated by the evil of terrorism '
The three styled themselves as The Blackburn Resistance , the court heard Three men " intoxicated by the evil of terrorism " trained in a park to join or carry out violent jihad , a court heard .
Edward Brown QC , prosecuting , said they gathered a stockpile of weapons as they studied guerrilla warfare and filmed the training in Blackburn , Lancashire .
The trio styled themselves as The Blackburn Resistance , a jury at Manchester Crown Court was told .
Abbas Iqbal , 24 , his brother Ilyas Iqbal , 23 , and Muhammed Ali Ahmad , 26 , deny preparing for acts of terrorism .
Abbas Iqbal also denies disseminating terrorist publications and possessing documents likely to be useful to a terrorist .
Ilyas Iqbal pleaded not guilty to two counts of possessing documents likely to be useful to a terrorist .
' Firing weapons '
Mr Brown told the court : " The prosecution does not suggest that this group is a highly sophisticated , well - trained or well - funded terrorist cell .
" We do suggest however these three young men from Blackburn had become intoxicated by the evil of terrorism and had started to train themselves to join or carry out violent jihad .
The three defendants were ... readying themselves for active participation in violent jihad or training for jihad , probably abroad
Edward Brown QC , prosecuting " At the stage when they were stopped by police , they had not got very far . "
It is alleged the park video and images of the three defendants firing weapons into the air in the back garden of the Iqbal family home were contained in a mobile phone storage card belonging to Abbas Iqbal .
Mr Brown said the card was found in the suitcase of Abbas Iqbal when he was arrested at Manchester Airport in August 2008 on the way to northern Europe with another alleged extremist , who can not be named for legal reasons .
The pair aimed to " spread their creed " by taking material that they intended to encourage others to commit , prepare or instigate acts of terrorism , the court heard .
' Weapons cabinet ' Mr Brown said : " Consistent with their interest in jihadi activity , all three defendants had developed a keen interest in weaponry and had filmed themselves engaged in military - type activity connected with their preparations for acts in pursuit of their extreme cause .
" They were also in possession of material that would help themselves and , or , others to commit terrorist acts . "
He added : " The prosecution say , calling themselves the Blackburn Resistance , the three defendants were acting together with their armoury of training equipment and with the information they had gathered , readying themselves for active participation in violent jihad or training for jihad , probably abroad . "
The prosecution said an armoury stockpile was found in a weapons cabinet along with terror - related documents on a desktop computer at the Iqbal brothers ' home in Percival Street .
Police discovered extreme material Mr Ahmad had written , extremist speeches , martyrdom videos and mobile phone images of executions when they searched his home in Whalley Range , Manchester .
The court was told Mr Ahmad , a Muslim convert , changed his name from Paul Andrew Cryer in 2004 .
The trial , scheduled to last four weeks , continues on Friday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As far back as September 2009 , there was a highly noticeable uptick in U.S. container shipping volume .
Then in October , shipping observers spoke of rising freight rates being pushed by ship owners .
As rates rose , there then came a rumor that shipowners were beginning to pull substantial numbers of ships out of dry dock , due to a major pick up in container trade demand they were experiencing .
Shippers started to complain about a shortage of ships to carry their growing number of goods .
Two weeks later the rumor above was then confirmed , ships were indeed being put back into service in large numbers :
Fearnley Fonds , 16 Mar 2010 :
According to AXS - Alphaliner , the idle fleet has been further reduced over the last two weeks , from 495 vessels of 1.24 m TEU to 474 vessels of 1.22 m TEU ( 9.3 % of fleet capacity ) currently .
AXS - Alphaliner expects lower idle count going forward , as new services will be launched on the Asia – Europe trade ( capacity on this route expected up 7 % ) and there is also a pickup in demand for smaller ships to service intra-regional trades .
Moreover , a major rebound was n't just seen for U.S. - Asia ( Transpacific ) trade .
Asia to Europe was seeing strength as well , with higher volumes and most importantly higher rates :
And even now , despite the warnings ahead of time , containers are piling up at ports because trade growth jumped far quicker than the industry adjusted itself for .
Just be aware that there are still risks .
Maersk , for one , is n't quite sold .
They think the strength of the rebound can't be sustained .
But really the risks mostly have to do with the industry expanding its shipping capacity too quickly in response to surging trade demand .
In terms of what this all means to the rest of us , the growth in trade demand is real and good news .
Even if shipping companies end up getting too excited and bringing out too many ships , well ahead of further trade growth .
Because , it 's important to remember that a sharp drop - off in trade called the U.S. economic crisis back in 2007 :
Myself , at Citi , June 2008 :
Back in 3Q07 , Asia - US container volume weakness was a decent indicator of hard times to come .
We believe that the latest further deterioration in US and increasingly European data means that for container shipping , “ We ai n’t seen nothin ’ yet ” .
Latest data based on an aggregate of five major US west coast ports shows import volumes down 8 % year to date for 4M08 .
1Q08 PIERS compiled data for the US overall shows a similar trend with 6 M trailing volume down 2.5 % .
Any way you slice it , the US demand slowdown is worsening .
Thus a sharp rebound in trade demand calls a recovery .
Get more like this : @vincefernando
Whenever you click on a link that does n't exist anymore , you get the famous " 404 - Page Not Found " error message .
It can be truly annoying , unless it 's delivered with sense of humor and creativity .
Meet fifteen of the most creative 404 pages from around the web .
The Audi e-tron concept electric car
( AP ) -- Ford Motor Co. and Microsoft Corp. have signed a deal to work together on a computerized link between houses , electric cars and utility companies to help manage energy use .
The companies said Wednesday at the New York International Auto
Show that this is the beginning of a smart system that will help utilities and customers manage energy costs and electrical generating capacity .
The system would start with the all - electric Ford Focus compact car that is scheduled to go on sale late in 2011 .
Called " Microsoft Hohm , " it will allow utilities to vary electric rates based on the time of day .
A computer would determine the best time to recharge the car at the lowest cost and the least burden on the utility 's generating system .
Charging an electric car can double the energy used at a home , and utilities worry about the increased burden on their power generators .
But charging the cars late at night , when appliances and other big electricity users are n't working , can help manage the load .
The companies have time to work out details of exactly how the system will work , figuring out electric rates and loads on generating systems , said Derrick Kuzak , Ford 's global product development chief .
Microsoft already has computer nodes for home thermostats and appliances to manage electricity use , he said .
" We 're doing a lot to bring vehicles to market , but there has to be a lot of other work done from both a consumer and utility perspective to make this viable and affordable , " Kuzak said Wednesday in an interview .
The system eventually will lead to homeowners being able to use their cars to power home appliances and cut costs at peak electricity use times , Ford CEO Alan Mulally said Wednesday .
" As the batteries get more capable , we 'll be able to store the electricity and then actually start to move the electricity around to where you really need it , " he said .
Ford says the software to charge the cars will be included at no additional cost .
Ford and Microsoft are not the first to start such an effort .
Many utilities and other companies have been working on " smart home " technology for several years .
In 2008 , General Motors Corp. joined with more than 30 utility companies across the U.S. to help work out electric use issues when rechargeable cars start showing up in large numbers .
GM plans to begin selling the Chevrolet Volt rechargeable car in late 2010 .
Besides the electric Focus , Ford plans to begin selling an all - electric Transit Connect small commercial van this year .
Its plans include offering a total of five new electric or gas-electric hybrid vehicles in North America and Europe by 2013 .
Ford shares were down 58 cents , or 4.4 percent , to $ 12.70 in afternoon trading .
Microsoft shares fell 30 cents to $ 29.47 .
Explore further Ford plans vehicles to interact with power grids
©2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Everyone 's streaming media darling , Netflix , has just reached terms with both Universal and Twentieth Century Fox .
Both agreements beef up Netflix 's streaming content while limiting Netflix to renting DVD and Blu-ray discs 28 days after the retail street date -- yup , just like with Warner Brothers .
To put that into perspective , while Twentieth Century Fox 's " Avatar " DVD / Blu-ray will hit shelves on April 22nd it wo n't be available for Netflix rental until the end of May .
On the plus side we 've got a first time , Netflix TV streaming agreement with TCF -- albeit , released in a window it decides .
Content includes the complete prior seasons of shows like " 24 , " " Bones , " and " Lie to Me " in addition to older library titles like " Buffy the Vampire Slayer . "
Ca n't say we did n't see this one coming .
Comments when Americans " accidently " kill civilians in Iraq or Afganistan , it is called an accident .
When the Israelis " accidently " kill civilians , after repeatedly warning them the bombs are coming , it 's genocide ?
Stelli 7:16 p.m. / Monday , March 22 , 2010 Obamao is the first Marxist - Leninist President inculcated in Chomskyesque anti-American mythologies .
He is the anti-president .
Aaron S. 4:47 p.m. / Monday , March 22 , 2010 Israel and Israeli's are winners .
D. Grant Chee 4:39 p.m. / Sunday , March 21 , 2010 A message to all you anti-semites on here : Proof that the Jews are still the apple of God 's eye ... they still exist , and are back in their homeland as predicted by the Bible !
The prophesies regarding the Jews have either come true or are being set up now .
Zech . 12 , Ezk. 36 -39 , Is. 17 , Psalm 83 .... all happening in recent times , just to name a few !
They exist in spite of many wars where they were vastly out - numbered .
They exist in spite of a world that wants them all killed , they exist in spite of biggots like you !
The Pals are terrorist , Israel is a democracy ; yet the world stands against the Jews ... an irony that your hatred for Biblical truth wil never allow you to see .
I do n't expect you people to believe , but they will continue to exist , inspite of Obama .
Steve in USA 3:40 p.m. / Sunday , March 21 , 2010 Mr. Jeepwonder , The U.N. Gaza report accused Israel of using children as human shields and raining White phosphorus on their heads .
I agree the Jews do n't send terrorists to blow up civilian public places because they use drones and F16s to do that on a much bigger scale .
Artie 10:28 a.m. / Sunday , March 21 , 2010 Israel has been a catastrophe not only for Palestinians but is proving to be a terrible mistake for Jews - and a liability for Americans .
Sold as a solution for anti-Semitism , the forceful transformation of a predominantly Arab Palestine into a Jewish state only spread the largely European virus of Jew - hatred to the Muslim world .
And meant to provide security , Jews today are actually safer in Berlin and Tehran than in Israeli - occupied East Jerusalem and Hebron .
Simple truisim : occupation breeds resistance .
Israel could have peace today by accepting the Arab League 's repeated offer of " full peace for full withdrawal . "
Israel must choose between peace or occupation .
It will never have both .
John Dirlik 10:18 a.m. / Sunday , March 21 , 2010 Obama is a one term President , he has shown the US and the world how completely incompetent he is , whether you support Israel ( which I strongly do , they are our true friends and the only democracy in the ME ) or not .
Obama may be book smart but he is as dumb as a door knob on everything else ... God help us .
Andrew Beaudry 10:15 a.m. / Sunday , March 21 , 2010
Hey , jeepwonder , perhaps this might help : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4333982.stm
; http://www.btselem.org/english/human_shields/20060720_human_shields_in_beit_hanun.asp ; http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/1155800.html
; now , do any of those jog your memory about the IDF using human sheilds ?
Oz Person 1:10 a.m. / Sunday , March 21 , 2010 Paul , I do n't remember Jews using children as human shields , or sending in suicide bombers to blow up in public places full of civilians .
Did I miss something ?
jeepwonder 5:54 p.m. / Saturday , March 20 , 2010 Israel is run by a bunch of religious fanatics , and they have nuclear wepons and delivery capability .
Israel is a dangerous country , and I like Obama and I cheer the public spanking Israel has received for its arrogant settlement behavior !
Paul 11:57:15 a.m. / Saturday , March 20 , 2010 Israel will do it without any US support .
God do n't want any assistance from any other nation to bring glory to his name .
When David , the litle boy , killed Goliath , the giant , no one assisted him but God .
So go Israel go .
Edwin David 9:15 a.m. / Saturday , March 20 , 2010 Israel will do it without any US support .
God do n't want any assistance from any other nation to bring glory to his name .
When David , the litle boy , killed Goliath , the giant , no one assisted him but God .
So go Israel go .
Edwin David 9:15 a.m. / Saturday , March 20 , 2010 9/11 related to support of israel ?
REALLY ???
Before 9/11 , Bin Laden did not mention Israel even once .
Only after seen reaction of the world ( and some Muslims ) and he tried to do some damage control , by referencing Israel .
It was all because of the presence of US troops on Saudi Arabia , which they requested in the first place , because of the leader of Iraq .
But let ’s assume for a moment that this is true , and it had something to do with America ’s support of Israel ...
Russia always supported Arab countries , and provided them with weapons .
When was the last time you heard of Jews flying planes into Kremlin ??
Civilized people do n’t do those things , period .
Also , let me ask you , did London bombings also happen because of support of Israel ?
Did Madrid train bombings happened because of Spain ’s support of Israel ?
Igor 11:07 p.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010
The problem with Obama is that he doesnt want to offend the Islamic faith , the heck with the Jewish or Christian faiths or beliefs .
I 'm glad I didnt vote for him .
derrel 8:52 p.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010 Spiritgirl you are silly and naive .
Think critically for a moment .
If Israel was intent on genocide , do you think there would be any Palestinians left on the west bank ?.
These hysterical assertions about Israeli intentions , indicate to me that you have a revisionist historical perspective based more on your political views than on objective reality .
The Islamo / Left nexus has produced a stunning volume of material on the " truth " about Jews and Israel ( e.g. Todays Jews are not the true Jews of the Bible , the presence of Jews in ancient Palestine is a bronze age myth , there was never a Jewish temple standing on the site of the Al - Aqsa Mosque , the Jews are murdering Palestinians and stealing their organs , ad naseum . )
This crap is repeated over endlessly in the Arab media , then gets picked up by the hard left and amplified .
mark saichek 6:27 p.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010
When Obama undermines Israel 's security , he undermines our own .
To think otherwise is naive .
Step by step , this American Hater of a president is weakening those institutions that have made this country the greatest nation in the history of the world .
We will have to fight soon to restore the republic .
boboskiwatnot 4:31 p.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010 God has blessed our country for befriending His special people .
He will not look kindly on us if we turn our backs on the only democratic nation in the Middle East .
How can one such tiny nation be hated by so many people ?
The amount of land the Israelis own relative to the surrounding countries is comparable to a match book in the middle of a football field .
Shame on anyone who thinks anything Obama does is good for our country .
JD 3:26 p.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010
It 's about time that some President takes a stand .
Why must the US stand by as an overly aggressive Israel continues to commit genocide on the Palestinians , and then pretend to be an " honest negotiator " between the two parties ?!
It 's time for people of good conscience to start divesting and boycotting Israeli goods .
Spiritgirl 2:52 p.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010
The slimy religious degenerates threaten apocalypse if the U.S. does not support Israel 's racist apartheid regime .
The Likud and the psycho-settler religious lunatics will never agree to a two state solution .
This clearly results in an apartheid situation .
But not forever .
Israeli militant fanatics obviously plan to kick the Palestinians out of the area , drive them into Jordan or anywhere else but the Palestinian homeland .
The will of the American people will persevere .
Israel must accept peace or lose American support .
will of the people 12:18 p.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010
To those in support of Isreal I say amen .
I was there the morning of our election results and saw the disbelief and concern in the faces of majority of Isrealis .
I also saw the joy in the faces in the adversaries of the U.S. as well as those who oppose Isreal .
Washington is not looking out for us or any other citizen .
Our current healthcare bill and jobs bill attention is distracting so we dont see issues such as this .
Keep your eyes open and your ears open .
john 12:18 p.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010
When every nation surrounding Israel are Islamic regimes bent on destroying democracy , the only negotiations those regimes use , are to buy more time for their next genocidal attack .
History , not hopeful expectation , must be the reasoning of the day .
Obama is signing Israel 's death warrant , and all the Jews of America voted for it .
Very sad .
hollywoodron 11:56 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010 Genesis 12:2-3 2
I will make you a great nation ; I will bless you And make your name great ;
And you shall be a blessing .
3 I will bless those who bless you , And I will curse him who curses you ;
And in you all the families of the earth shall be blessed . "
Obama may have just shifted the United States into the cursed catagory by this action .
We must support Israel !
Diane 11:41 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010
On 9/11 a bunch of Muslims flew four commercial aircraft into the ground on US soil and we 've been at war ever since .
Nobody ( who matters ) questioned our sovereignty and our right to retaliate against those who attacked us .
Likewise , Israel is a sovereign nation and they have a right to defend themselves .
The Palestinians launch rockets into innocent Jewish homes on a daily basis .
Israel is a lot more tolerant than we are , yet you members of the peanut gallery criticize them for wanting to defend their citizens .
Never mind the bible for just a minute .
Why on Earth would anyone expect them to roll over and allow these Palestinians to invade their country and kill their civilians at will ?
That war is about the Jews ’ right to exist .
It would be the same as a group of people coming into America and killing millions because they are black or white or red or believe there is a God or that there is n’t .
We value our religious freedom and our ethnic diversity , yet you criticize the Jews for defending theirs .
gkhaber 11:25 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010 ALFAGIRL : This is not a NEUTRAL decision .
You will have to choose sides whether you like it or not because there will always be the tension between Palistine and Israel .
I chose Israel .
Which side do you choose ?
Jean 11:22 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010 Someone has to stop the non -stop violence and madness there .
Stopping the influx of arms of destruction is an excellent , smart , effective and strategic step into creating a level playing field where steps can actually be made to achieve this goal .
How does this attitude that US must be perpetually involved in stirring up and supporting non-stop aggression all over the world ?
Peace is * NOT * achieved by arming countries that are aggressive to the teeth and thus continuing the source of so much tension and turmoil .
" Armageddon " ?
Seriously ?
What are you people smoking ?
We are in a sad state when people are n't capable of having a rational , nuanced discussion about world politics and keep dragging their totally subjective , irrational religious views into the discussion .
And is n't that what always starts the trouble in the first place ???
alfagirl 10:12 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010 Maybe it is time for Israel to support the tea party movement in America .
Maybe The Obama Administration WANTS to see war in the Mideast so the $ 7 a gallon gas can promote a green economy .
And we can decrease the population of the World at the same time - especially all those US soldiers in the region who did not vote for Obama .
Israel defend yourself - before the Obama Administration attacks you and we put troops in the WEST Bank .
Peter 10:01 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010
Three of four Jews voted for this terrorist loving Muslim Obama .
Do you know why ?
Because they hate American Christians more than they love Israel .
Bob A 9:59a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010
It ’s about time that a president had the fortitude to act in the interests of our country when dealing with issues related to Israel .
As many people know , the attacks on our country on 9 - 11 , 2001 were partially caused by our unrelenting support for Israel irrespective of its actions .
Because of the many lobbies representing Israel ’s interests in the U.S. , I feel certain that Obama will be inundated with voices questioning his ‘ loyalty ’ to Israel and attempting to highlight our special relationship .
Obama must be strong as he faces criticism from lobbyists and many of our own legislators who do n’t want to relinquish the financial support they receive from pro-Israeli groups .
If any other ally received the level of support ( financial , military , etc. ) from the USA similar to that received by Israel , and that country subsequently demonstrated actions that were counterproductive to our country ’s well - being , as Israel has done , our government would have little tolerance for those actions .
The same standards should apply to Israel .
I want my president to put our country ’s interests before those of any other nation .
Stay resolved , Obama !
You ’re doing the right thing !
Deborah 4:07 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010
At last an administration that shows some backbone and does the right thing .
JPence 3:40 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010
If I were the Israelis and saw all the anti-Jewish racists aligned against the ONLY Jewish state in the world having to contend with the ravenous wolves of Islamofascists surrounding me , I 'd say hell with the bunker busters let 's just use our nukes .
Once again AmeriKa under Barack Insane Obama kicks another former ally in the teeth .
Hankmeister 3:28 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010 Thank
God that the US has finally realized that it must stop sending yet more billions of dollars of munitions to Israel .
In order to avoid a nuclear war in the Middle East , it is ESSENTIAL that Israel 's secret nuclear arsenal is subject to inspection by the IAEA .
We currently have the unacceptable situation of a Mediterranean state already possessing possibly the 3rd most powerful stockpile of nuclear warheads in the world , with the US supplying it with yet more weapons !
Eldoret 3:14 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010
So , now we have a possible time limit based upon known maintenance and repair cycles of those systems the Israelis already have on hand .
We 've placed the Israelis in a 'use it or lose it ' situation wrt the weapons systems they now have available .
Current diplomatic and national security requirements of the US no longer match Israel 's national security needs .
Love them or hate them , and in view of the numerous in - force treaties throughout the region and throughout the Euro - Asian continent , Israel is not a nation that anyone wants to see with their backs against the wall .
Warren Bonesteel 3:01 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010
When it comes to folding in the face of totalitarians and getting a few million Jews exterminated , it looks like Obama is neck and neck with Neville Chamberlain .
Thing is , Chamberlain was a decent but naive man .
Obama 's stance vis-a - vis Israel is wilful .
He 's not sleepwalking into a Holocaust .
He 's actively encouraging it .
David Gillies 2:54 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010 To " logic 101 " ~
My heart is saddened about this move by our government .
I 'm afraid that we are seeing prophesy played out right before our eyes .
Please pray for the peace of Jerusalem and the protection of Israel .
May God help us all .
We have voted in a fox to watch over the hen house .
Sue Gallion 2:36 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010 Saxon claims that Obama hates Israel .
Perhaps , but not near as much as Israel hates Obama .
Duscany 2:02 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010 Israel may have to ' go it alone , ' but we 'll all be in it together then , wo n't we ... Shalom gophergal 1:51 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010 " If you are our enemy , we are sorry .
If you are our friend , you are sorry . " - Obama Administration dmb 1:06 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010
Is the President trying to start Armageddon ?
The last condition for armageddon in revelations is " when Jerusalem stands alone ... " .
logic 101 12:52 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010 Obama hates Israel , America , Western Democracy , Capitalism , and freedom without government intervention .
If you understand this , you understand Obama as well as his bizarre decisions .
Saxon 12:26 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010
Then I suggest that President Obama is forcing Israel to make a Nuclear FIRST STRIKE on Iran .
Perhaps just a small nuke on Quom and their major and only gasoline refinery .
Just a couple of tactical nukes would do just fine .
Barak Hussein Obama is the absolute worst President in the history of the United States of America .
jgreene 12:22 a.m. / Friday , March 19 , 2010
by
Everything you need to know about the new HTC products and technology .
HTC made the first Android phone for T - Mobile and many other smart phones for Sprint before that .
HTC is a widely known company that cnet and other tech sites have been reporting on for quite some time .
MWC 2010 : HTC Legend , HTC Desire , HTC HD mini
Actually will Android run on the Legend and Desire and explicitly the HD Mini would be running on a Windows mobile system
Scientologists just love copyright laws , because they allow them to demand that YouTube take down their extremely embarrassing internal videos .
But when it comes to stealing other people 's copyrighted material to make their own motivational cult films — that 's different .
This terrifying Scientology motivational video , apparently designed to fire up Las Vegas Celebrity Center staffers to become an " ideal org , " encourages members to " play for blood " and wage total war with spears and lasers against psychiatrists and then blast off into space to rid the galaxy of entheta , or something like that .
It does so by way of clips from Star Wars , Braveheart , assorted Tom Cruise films , and Independence Day .
We contacted some of the studios that own these films to see how they feel about Scientology using their copyrighted material for weird internal team - building psychiatrist - killing exercises .
( We should note that it 's not clear from the video , which was leaked to YouTube , just how publicly it was designed to be distributed , so we 're not certain that Scientology 's use of the clips actually infringed on any copyrights .
But given the cult 's conservative interpretation of copyright laws in the past , we imagine it would be sensitive to the issues involved . )
A spokesman for Twentieth Century Fox , which owns distribution rights to Lucasfilm 's Star Wars series , was n't aware of the video until we brought it to his attention .
" Well , we 'd never seen it until you emailed me and did n't authorize it , so we 're now investigating with Lucas and will take whatever next steps we have to , " he said via e-mail .
Not long after , the video was disappeared from YouTube " due to a copyright claim by Lucasfilm Ltd . "
UPDATE : The anonymous person who posted the video to YouTube writes :
1 - The video was produced this month as a staff recruitment tool to get people to sign up for staff for the new Celebrity Center that opened in vegas .
2 - The video has never been made public until now .
3 - The video is only shown internally at the Org when some prospect comes into and asks about joining staff .
4 - The video is kept on a DVD that 's locked up ... when not in use .
[ With reporting by Gawker intern Sergio Hernandez . ]
Los Angeles police shut down streets encompassing a five - square - block area of downtown Monday afternoon after several men were seen on the roof of a hotel with weapons that turned out to be air guns .
The incident was reported about 4 p.m. at the Huntington Hotel .
The four or five men , who appeared to be young adults , were on top of the building bounded by Spring and Main Streets near 8th Street , the Los Angeles Police Department said .
Video shot from a KABC Channel 7 helicopter showed several men on the roof who appeared to be wielding handguns as they walked around on the roof .
After a brief time , they disappeared down a stairwell , appearing to stash the weapons inside .
Police conducted a search and discovered the air guns .
Officers at the scene say several youths with toy air guns were questioned at the residential hotel but were not arrested .
" From a technical standpoint , there is no crime , " said Lt. Paul Vernon of the LAPD .
" But I would classify this as felony stupid .
No one should be on the roof of a downtown hotel with handguns -- real or not . "
[ Updated 7:26 p.m. :
As officers entered the building , an LAPD sniper had to make a quick decision about whether to pull his trigger , Vernon said .
The sniper had his sights fixed on one of the men , who was leaning over the roof with his weapon , which appeared to be a Tec - 9 sub - machine gun .
But it was not pointed at the officers .
" Had he pointed that gun at the officers , he would have lost his life , " Vernon said . ]
-- Robert J. Lopez and Andrew Blankstein
Hashes
Using one key for every field of an object .
Like obj : 1:name , obj :2:surname .
Using some form of encoding , like JSON , storing the encoded object in a single key .
HSET key field value
HGET key field
Redis cli interactive mode and DISCARD in MULTI / EXEC
Sorted Sets advanced operations
Try Redis : in your browser
The replication bug
snprintf ( tmpfile , 256 , " temp -%d. %ld.rdb " , ( int ) time ( NULL ) , ( long int ) random ( ) ) ;
In redis there is no seeding of the PRNG via srand ( ) because we want deterministic behavior , otherwise bug fixing is hard .
it 's not so unlike that two slaves will sync with masters at the same time , especially in big environments where there are scripts handing replication .
why I did't used the pid that is ways more unique ?
two processes can't have the same pid at the same time , so the right thing was to use pid+time , and as Jeremy suggested , to use O_EXCL so even if there is a collision we are safe .
This is how the new code looks like :
while ( maxtries --) { snprintf ( tmpfile , 256 , " temp - %d. %ld.rdb " , ( int ) time ( NULL ) , ( long int ) getpid ( ) ) ; dfd = open ( tmpfile , O_CREAT|O_WRONLY|O_EXCL,0644 ) ; if ( dfd != - 1 ) break ; sleep ( 1 ) ; }
There is something good about open source
This is the first article of a serie called , with little imagination , Redis Weekly Updates .
The idea is to provide some insight in the Redis development process : what 's new in Redis master this week ?
What are the new directions ?
The people involved in the development process ?
I 'll try keeping this articles as informative as possible and , when it is possible , not too long , or at least split in paragraphs for easy scanning , so that this can become a weekly appointment for everybody following the Redis development .
So ... let 's start !
One of the biggest changes of the last week is without dubt the support for the hash data type .
Redis already supported four data types : Strings , Lists , Sets , and Sorted Sets .
Hashes were missing , so there was not a simple way to have a key holding an object composed of different fields .
The only two alternatives were : Both are suboptimal , as the first consumes too much memory , the latter does not allow accessing single fields .
To set a field is a not atomic operation it is required to GET the old value , decode the object , modify the field , encode again , SET back the value .
Not cool .
Hahes are solving this problem in the right way : they are even less memory intensive of JSON encoded objects .
Fields can be accessed independently .
And I plan to support a few atomic operations against fields , for instance INCRBY .
Even if Hashesare almost finished , the command set is currently limited : only two commands are supported :
There is no HDEL , nor ways to retrieve the full list of fields , values , or both .
But it 's a matter of days , I 'm working on it .
An interesting implementation detail of hashes ( and the root of the interesting property of being so memory efficient ) is that they use a compact representation of string => string maps for hashes with less than N field ( configurable ) where every field is not bigger than a given amount of bytes ( configurable ) .
I called this data simple structure zipmap ( Zipped Map ) , and it is an O ( N ) compact data structure ( nothing is free in computer science , but for few fields , and given the little constant times , this is not a problem at all ) .
Once this limits are reached , the hash is automatically converted into a real hash table .
This way we can support both small hashes ( objects encoded as hashes ) in a space efficient way and bigger hashes ( using hashes as sub- dictionaries ) in a time efficient way .
How much space can hashes save ?
Basically for 5 fields objects storing them as hashes will take just a bit more than 20 % of the memory required to store every field as a separated key .
So it 's a pretty big win .
The more fields , the more memory they 'll save .
Thanks to Michel Martens and Damian Janowski Redis - cli now supports interactive mode ( that is now the default mode ) .
That is , a REPL interface where you can type one command after the other in a prompt , with a persistent connection ( so that it is possible to test things like MULTI / EXEC ) .
Also Damian implemented DISCARD .
So now Redis transactions can be " aborted " .
This new command has effects in the field of higher level interfaces , for instance it's now possible to support cool things like aborting a transaction implemented as a Ruby block if there is an exception .
Probably this change will be merged in Ezra Zygmuntowicz 's Redis ruby library ( the most used Redis library probably , from a great coder and long term contributor to Redis as well , but if you are reading this you already know about Ezra I bet ! ) .
Just in case you are not aware of it , this two guys are also the authors of Ohm Object - hash mapping :)
Pieter Noordhuis was able to understand the Redis code base , modify the Redis skip list implementation into an augmented one able to support things like ZRANK ( given an element , find the position in the sorted set in O ( log ( N ) ) ) , and build things like ZREMRANGEBYINDEX , that is a more powerful LTRIM alike command for sorted sets , in just a couple of days , showing how much a talented programmer he is .
If this is not enough , check the work he did lately : sorted set union and intersection , with different ways to combine the score in the resulting sorted set , ( like sum , average , min , max ) .
This is already superb , but it 's not just a matter of coding skills .
Instead to send pull requests
Pieter spent a lot of time on the Redis IRC channel designing this commands together with me , so that we evaluated different solutions for different problems .
In the process Pieter showed to be also a great designer .
It was a great collaboration .
If Redis were a company , I would hire it in Alex McHale simply amazed me .
While chatting in the IRC channel he exposed the idea of helping Redis in some way , so I manifested my interest in having a simple way to try Redis in your browser , similar to the famous Try Ruby , that MongoDB guys also replicated with Try Mongo A few days later we had Try Redis working !
With many touches of class , like history pressing the up arrow and the use of namespaces so that all the users are using the same Redis instance without noticing this fact at all :)
( I think the namespace code is originally from another great coder , Chris Wanstrath from Github , aka defunkt , but Alex improved the support and Chris is merging the changes ) .
Try Redis had a lot of success just after its release :)
And now is the first entry of the Redis documentation .
Thanks Alex !
Well another very important issue of this week was a not easy to spot bug in the Redis replication code :) The bug was found to Jeremy Zawodny from Craigslist ( they are using a fairly large Redis farm ! ) .
Not only Jeremy found the bug and was extremely supportive while I was trying to fix the bug , he also finallyit :)
The story and the cause of this bug are interesting IMHO , so I 'm going to briefly write what happened .
Jeremy filed a bug report about replication failing : slaves were unable to parse the .rdb file received from the master .
My best guess was that this was related to a broken .rdb file generation , both I and Petern spent many hours trying to find a sorted set that would corrupt the generated .rdb file .
What was really strange was that the file was corrupted in away but still no crashes or alike in the masters .
If it was a memory corruption bug , there were good chances of the master failing as well in random ways .
Instead everything was fine .
Jeremy investigated more and finally found and fixed the bug : the .rdb was corruptingit was transfered from master to slave .
In fact at craigslist they run a number of slaves for every host sharing the same work dir , and this is the code Redis was using in order to generate the temp file used to save the dump :
This looks random enough , instead it 's lame .
For a few reasons :
This should be much better ;)
I 'm going to release 1.2.6 today or in the week end at max , with this fix .
I'mbecause of this stories , involving five people willing to share their work for free , to push their knowledge forward .
This are a few of the best traits of humanity itself .
There is really something good about open source , and I 'm honored to collaborate with such great guys .
Thanks .
Sorry Punxsutawney
Phil and your six - more - weeks - of - winter prediction , but if you live in New England and are a fan of Red Sox , a sure sign of spring has arrived — Truck Day !
Workers start the loading process .
( Steve Silva / Boston.com )
The truck arrived at Fenway Park this morning just after 6:30 a.m. and the packing began at around 7:00 a.m. with a crew of seven workers .
The temperature was in the mid-20s , but it ’s bright and sunny , just like the place the truck is headed .
Advertisement
The truck rolled out of Yawkey Way just after noon with a crowd of about 100 people gathered for the send - off .
A flat - bed truck with Wally the Green Monster and Fenway Ambassadors on board followed the 18 - wheeler .
The ambassadors tossed soft baseballs to fans on Van Ness Street .
Truck driver Al Hartz of New England Household Moving and Storage , the company that has carted the Sox gear to Florida for the last 12 years , was back to drive the truck for the 12th time himself .
“ I ’m not expecting any issues with the weather , ” Hartz said this morning .
“ It should be a clean ride all the way down . ”
Moving was a bit easier this year as much of the gear was moved out of Fenway prior to the Winter Classic hockey game which took place Jan .
1 .
We ’ve got a photo gallery from today ’s scene at Fenway and video from this morning ’s packing .
Read more from the Globe ’s Christopher Gasper here .
And Boston Dirt Dogs has more on the day ’s events .
Planning on heading to Fort Myers to catch the Sox at spring training ?
Be sure to check out our fans guide to the area before you go .
Advertisement
Here are some key Sox spring training dates that are just around the corner :
Thursday , Feb. 18 — Reporting day for Red Sox pitchers and catchers ; MLB voluntary reporting date for pitchers , catchers and injured players
Saturday , Feb. 20 — First workout for Red Sox pitchers and catchers
Monday , Feb. 22 — Reporting day for Red Sox positional players
Tuesday , Feb. 23 — MLB voluntary reporting date for other players
Wednesday , Feb. 24 — First Red Sox full - squad workout
Planning on heading to Fort Myers to catch the Sox at spring training ?
Be sure to check out our fans guide to the area before you go .
June 11 , 2009 6:00 PM | Eric Caoili
This pinball setup attaches dozens of electrodes to the players scalp with a helmet , measuring the brain 's electric signals , sending them to a computer , then delivering converted commands to the Addams Family machine .
It 's altogether ooky .
( Sorry )
The technology is n't new , nor is this game - related demonstration , as this non-invasive Brain - Computer Interface ( BCI ) was previously shown working with a similar Pong setup in 2006 ( video below ) .
Dr. Michael Tangermann and several others also published a study on " Playing Pinball with Non-Invasive BCI " earlier this year , which you can read the abstract for here :
" Compared to invasive Brain - Computer Interfaces ( BCI ) , non-invasive BCI systems based on Electroencephalogram ( EEG ) signals have not been applied successfully for complex control tasks .
In the present study , however , we demonstrate this is possible and report on the interaction of a human subject with a complex real device : a pinball machine .
First results in this single subject study clearly show that fast and well - timed control well beyond chance level is possible , even though the environment is extremely rich and requires complex predictive behavior .
Using machine learning methods for mental state decoding , BCI - based pinball control is possible within the first session without the necessity to employ lengthy subject training .
While the current study is still of anecdotal nature , it clearly shows that very compelling control with excellent timing and dynamics is possible for a non-invasive BCI . "
BCI Pong :
You can watch another video ( in German , unfortunately ) of Dr. Tangermann demonstrating the BCI pinball machine himself on Spiegel Online .
[ Via The Pinball Blog ]
I ’ve been remiss , as the VC ’s ( sort - of ) copyright / Internet law guy , in not commenting previously about a truly outrageous bit of executive branch over - reaching on Hollywood ’s behalf .
I am referring to the ongoing negotiations about ACTA , the multilateral “ Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement . ”
[ See Jonathan Adler ’s posting earlier today about ACTA here ]
The US Trade Representative ’s office has been conducting these negotiations entirely in secret ( on some ridiculous trumped - up ‘ national security ’ rationale ) for several years now on this Agreement ; a current draft was recently leaked to the press , and it confirms many peoples ’ worst fears .
Here ’s my attempt at a summary of what ’s going on — if you ’re interested in more details ( and I hope you are ) , I ’ve listed at the end of this posting some excellent sources of further information .
ACTA ’s goal is to tighten up global intellectual property enforcement .
Though it ’s labeled an “ anti-counterfeiting ” agreement , which might make you think that it ’s about international trade in counterfeit goods ( fake Louis Vuitton handbags , unauthorized Viagra tablets , and the like ) , it covers much , much more than this ; what it is really about is the tighter enforcement of copyright law on the Net .
It is outrageous in substance , and in process .
Process first .
There are many divergent views , of course , about what should be done about international copyright law and copyright enforcement in the Internet age .
Some reasonable people believe that copyright needs strengthening ; other reasonable people ( like me ) disagree .
But that ’s just the normal give - and - take of debate over a contentious issue , and it can only ( and should only ) be resolved the way such debates are always resolved in a democratic society — i.e. , openly and with full public comment and discussion .
It ’s hard to know , then , which is more appalling : the fact that the Obama Administration has conducted the ACTA negotiations in secret , or that it has indicated that it plans to adopt the final Agreement as an “ Executive Order , ” one that does not require submission to or ratification by the Senate ( or any Congressional action whatsoever ) to become effective .
I cannot imagine what justifications the Administration might proffer for this affront to our constitutional law - making schemes .
[ Larry Lessig and Jack Goldsmith have an op - ed in today ’s Washington Post about this , which was the subject of Jonathan ’s earlier posting ] .
Those of us who follow copyright law have been here before , and we know what ’s coming : the President signs the Agreement , and then changes to US Copyright law are introduced into the Congress and supporters will say something to the effect that the changes are required in order to bring our law into harmony with international norms and with our international obligations .
It happened during the run-up to the 1998 Digital Millennium Copyright Act , and it will , I promise you , happen again here .
It amounts , in effect , to presidential law - making , and if it is n’t ( as Lessig and Goldsmith argue ) unconstitutional , it damn well should be .
None of this would be of too much concern were the Agreement — as far as we can tell , given the veil of secrecy the Administration has thrown around it — full of substantively bad ideas and lousy law .
Margot Kaminsky , over on Balkinization , has a good summary of the major points of the Agreement .
Among them :
1 ) Paragraphs 2 and 3 mandate a statutory damages provision in civil copyright law , as under US law — so that copyright holders , even without the need to demonstrate any measurable harm whatsoever , can recover awards thousands of times greater than any possible damage they may have suffered .
2 ) ACTA Art. 2.5 mandates an especially swift response from courts in copyright infringement cases — nice for Hollywood , not so nice for everyone else .
3 ) IP Enforcement at the Border .
The current draft contains a number of provisions that will allow – and in some cases mandate — more vigorous searching ( of laptops , iPods , etc. ) and seizing of devices containing copyright infringing material .
The de minimis threshold for the quantity of goods that can be seized at the border , as set forthin the the TRIPS Agreement ( the “ Trade - Related Intellectual Property ” treaty that became part of the GATT Trade Agreement ) will be lowered ; a potentially injured party may apply for the suspension of the release of potentially infringing goods for one year from the date of application ; the Agreement also permits Ex Officio action at border crossing ( i.e. , seizure of goods by customs officials without any complaint being filed ) ; mandating the release of “ personally identifying information ” of suspected infringers to copyright holders , even without any finding of actual infringement .
4 ) Expanding the definition of Criminal Copyright Infringement .
ACTA expands the international definition of criminal copyright infringement to explicitly include Internet “ piracy ” done for personal benefit alone .
Under TRIPS , countries must hold a person to have committed an act of criminal copyright infringement if he or she has willfully infringed on a “ commercial scale ” , which was understood to mean involving sale to others .
ACTA expands the international definition of “ commercial scale ” to include “ private financial gain , ” and explicitly includes “ significant willful infringements that have no direct or indirect motivation of financial gain . ”
Insofar as it is VIRTUALLY IMPOSSIBLE TO DO ANYTHING ON THE INTERNET WITHOUT INFRINGING SOMEONE ’S COPYRIGHT , this will play serious havoc with the international legal system .
Oh yes — and it mandates that “ penalties that include actual sentences of imprisonment as well as monetary fines . ”
5 ) ACTA member countries will be required to provide for third - party ( Internet Intermediary ) liability .
This is not required by any of the major international IP treaties – not by TRIPS , nor the WIPO Copyright and WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty .
However , US copyright owners have long sought this .
( For instance , see page 19 of the Industry Functional Advisory Committee report on the 2003 US - Singapore Free Trade Agreement noting the need for introducing a system of ISP liability ) .
( Previously available at http://www.ustr.gov/new/fta/Singapore/advisor_reports.htm.)
Second and more importantly , ACTA will include some limitations on Internet Intermediary liability .
Many ACTA negotiating countries already have these regimes in place : the US , EU , Australia , Japan , South Korea .
To get the benefit of the ACTA safe harbors , Internet intermediaries will need to follow notice and takedown regimes , and put in place policies to deter unauthorized storage and transmission of allegedly copyright infringing content .
However , contrary to current US law and practice , the US text apparently conditions the safe harbors on Internet intermediaries adopting a Graduated Response or Three Strikes policy — disabling Internet access for anyone found to have been infringing three times ( whether or not that was a judicial finding or merely in an administrative proceeding )
There ’s more ( see below ) .
But even this summary makes it clear that , once again ( see Clinton Administration ) the Democratic Party has caved in to Hollywood ’s demands regarding intellectual property enforcement .
As David Fewer of the Canadian Internet Policy and Public Interest Clinic and the University of Ottawa noted , “ if Hollywood could order intellectual property laws for Christmas what would they look like ?
This is pretty close . ”
It ’s time to fight back .
There are some wonderful resources out there coordinating what one hopes will become a global effort to beat this monster back .
Here are some of the better sites I ’ve found :
AU ’s Program on Information Justice and Intellectual Property has a major collection of papers , reports , and other ACTA - related items here
Michael Geist , up in Canada , has been following the ACTA debates for some time and has a number of useful contributions on his blog , e.g. here and here
Public Knowledge ’s ACTA Page
Electronic Frontier Foundation ’s ACTA page
3 richest counties
6 of the top 10 wealthiest communities in America now revolve around Washington D.C
.... in Loudoun County , Va. , where median household incomes are higher than anywhere else in the country .
This affluent suburb of Washington , D.C. , where families take home a median $ 110,643 annually , tops our list of America 's 25 richest counties .
Like Loudoun , a number of the country 's wealthiest households are tightly concentrated in counties around the nation 's capital .
Six of the richest counties lie on the outskirts of Washington : Fairfax County , Va. , Arlington County , Va. , Stafford County , Va. , Prince William County , Va. , Charles County , Md. , and Alexandria City , Va .
While Forbes much celebrated list of richest people in the world takes all the attention , the list below was far more interesting to me .
A striking video via CNBC on where the wealth of America is increasingly being concentrated .
( like to original Forbes story here )
There was a time not half a decade ago , Oakland County Michigan was the 2nd most wealthy county in the country - not because of the top end , but because the automotive blue collar worker ( rightly or wrongly ) had far above the national median wage .
( I think Fairfield , CT , home of the hedge funds , was # 1 for a while )
Now as the median wage of the federal worker far outpacing that of the private sector - along with the concentration of unions in the public sector [ Jan 24 , 2010 : For the First Time , More Union Workers Work in Government versus Private Sector ] - we 've seen a wholesale switch .
I would assume the huge outgrowth of lobbying ( jobs ) in the country the past decade , along with those in the private sector who contract with federal government have also helped to push along this trend .
Net result of this nirvana that is recession proof ?
Despite a HUGE influx of people moving to this area , the unemployment rate is far below the national average of America , and wealth is surging .
Thein America all now center around Washington D.C. I did some other digging and not only the top 3 are DC centered , but .
Think about that for a moment - this is a huge country .
Once more I reiterate - if your child asks what career to get into - tell them government ( especially of the federal kind ) or any business serving the federal government .
Original Forbes story here
A federal judge on Monday struck down patents on two genes linked to breast and ovarian cancer .
The decision , if upheld , could throw into doubt the patents covering thousands of human genes and reshape the law of intellectual property
United States District Court Judge Robert W. Sweet issued the 152 - page decision , which invalidated seven patents related to the genes BRCA1 and BRCA2 , whose mutations have been associated with cancer .
The American Civil Liberties Union and the Public Patent Foundation at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law in New York joined with individual patients and medical organizations to challenge the patents last May : they argued that genes , products of nature , fall outside of the realm of things that can be patented .
The patents , they argued , stifle research and innovation and limit testing options .
Myriad Genetics , the company that holds the patents with the University of Utah Research Foundation , asked the court to dismiss the case , claiming that the work of isolating the DNA from the body transforms it and makes it patentable .
Such patents , it said , have been granted for decades ; the Supreme Court upheld patents on living organisms in 1980 .
In fact , many in the patent field had predicted the courts would throw out the suit .
' Every argument has been made .
Everything that there is to say about health care has been said , and just about everybody has said it , " President Obama declared yesterday as he urged Democrats to steamroll his plan through Congress .
What has n't been heard , however , is even a shred of White House honesty about the true costs of ObamaCare , or its fiscal consequences .
Nearby , we reprint Wisconsin Republican Paul Ryan 's remarks at the health summit last week , which methodically dismantle the falsehoods — there is no other way of ...
I never thought of it that way : Ryan Avent says that my advocacy of a get - tough approach to the renminbi is just like the Bush administration ’s push for war with Iraq .
But now that he mentions it , it ’s true , it ’s true !
My case for action is entirely based on dubious claims made by unstable informants with code names like “ Curveball ” , questionable evidence about things like aluminum tubes , and obviously forged letters allegedly from Niger .
The actual , public facts and figures I cited have nothing to do with it .
And the real tell is the fact that I ’m closely following arguments made by rabble - rousers like Fred Bergsten and the Institute for International Economics , which , um , is a big supporter of free trade and international cooperation … but nonetheless is just like PNAC .
Oh , and I ’m showing disrespect for China ’s leaders by not giving them credit for understanding the need for appreciation , even though they consistently say that no change in the exchange rate is warranted .
The respectful thing would be to assume that everything they say in public about the issue is a lie .
Ryan has me nailed .
After the campaign filed a Federal Trade Commission complaint , Disney dropped the word “ educational ” from its marketing .
But that was not enough for campaign officials .
They forwarded their research to lawyers who threatened a class - action suit , prompting Disney to offer refunds of $ 15.99 for up to four Baby Einstein DVDs per household .
Barely two weeks after the story of the refunds appeared , Dr. Poussaint said , he and Dr. Linn were called before the Baker center ’s executive board .
“ I asked the lawyer who had talked to Disney , point - blank , whether Disney had threatened to sue , and he said no , ” Dr. Poussaint said .
“ But I still do n’t know the content of the conversations with Disney . ”
Image The Walt Disney Company agreed to offer refunds to buyers of “ Baby Einstein ” videos from June 2004 to September 2009 .
Credit ... Jim Wilson / The New York Times
In January , Dr. Poussaint said , the campaign was told to leave the center by the end of February .
The timing could hardly have been more awkward .
Dr. Poussaint was to be the honoree at the Judge Baker Children ’s Center ’s $ 250 - a- ticket “ World of Children ” gala , scheduled for this Saturday — and Dr. Linn was the event ’s co-chairwoman .
Dr. Poussaint decided that he could not in good faith receive the award when he was so at odds with the center .
On Feb. 10 , he sent a letter to John Weisz , the center ’s president , saying that “ with sadness and regret , ” he was withdrawing from the event .
“ I find the timing of your decision to expel C.C.F.C. from Judge Baker very difficult to understand , coming just before I was to receive the World of Children award , which was supposed to be a celebration — not a repudiation — of my work , ” Dr. Poussaint wrote .
“ You told me that the mission of C.C.F.C. — to protect children from harmful exploitation by corporate marketers — is not in line with the Judge Baker mission .
Indeed , we were told that we could no longer criticize any corporations , even if they were exploiting children . ”
One big happy family soon ?
One big happy family soon ?
It 's sort of hard to believe that all the hype from CES is already over and done with .
Larger companies spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to introduce and showcase new products at the show , and now all anyone wants to talk about in the tech world is Apple .
Must be nice to be Steve Jobs ( or an investor ) .
The company that gave the world the iPod and iPhone is planning a media event on the 27th of this month , and while the world tends to believe a tablet or slate of some sort is planned , there has been no definite proof of that to this point .
We really have no idea what 's next from Apple ; we just know that it 'll be something to unleash one 's creative side according to a tagline in the invite .
According to an inside source close to the going - ons involved in all of this , a new tablet of some sort may not be the only thing on deck for next Wednesday though .
We have been led to believewill lose their iPhone exclusivity on the same day , though it 's not yet clear what other carrier ( or carriers ) will be stepping in to also carry the phone .
For anyone who has followed the saga , you may notice that you have n't seen AT&T fighting to extend their original exclusive agreement of late .
In fact , they have spent most of their time fighting Verizon 's negative ad campaign .
This may not be all that surprising .
Inside of AT&T , we are hearing that the iPhone is causing more trouble than ever before .
On some level , having the iPhone is hurting AT&T 's image .
Because they are the only company to carry it , and it 's such a data hog , it 's largely to blame for AT&T 's network troubles .
We do n't remember hearing about AT&T's " horrible network " before the iPhone - - do you ?
The iPhone itself does n't really handle the switch from 3G to EDGE very well , so calls that are in - progress tend to fail whenever the 3G bands are n't optimal and the phone attempts to step down to EDGE .
It seems that AT&T is tired of taking the heat for this , and at this point , they may be smart to just let another carrier take some of those customers who are most inclined to complain .
We also heard that when AT&T loses their grip on the iPhone , they 'll be introducing a bunch of other new smartphones with new platforms in order to " compensate . "
At CES , it was announced that new Windows Mobile , Android and webOS - based phones were destined to land on AT&T , but few details were provided as to when .
Now , it seems the puzzle pieces are beginning to slot together .
It 's possible that AT&T recently went searching for deals with other phone makers in order to proactively bolster its smartphone lineup for when this day - of - doom would come .
AT&T has gained a huge amount of subscribers from being the only operator with the iPhone , and if it loses that advantage , it 'll need some other cutting - edge , high - brow phones to keep people 's attention .
It 's hard to say what 'll happen if a carrier like Verizon gets the iPhone .
Will existing iPhone users on AT&T run in droves to switch , regardless of the early termination fee ?
Will existing AT&T iPhone users stick with their plan ?
Maybe Apple will simply see a new influx of iPhone users , as customers who were always wary of AT&T finally make the jump now that the phone is a on a network with better perceived quality ?
We still have to take all of this as rumor for now , but we have very good reason to believe that we 'll see AT&T quietly ( or perhaps not so quietly ) lose its grip on the iPhone come Wednesday .
What happens after that is anyone 's guess , but we would expect the overall iPhone market share in the US to surge quite significantly if it's made available on a CDMA carrier .
P ortfolio 178 , part 2 of " Cat - Ass - Trophy ! " is posted .
Nyssa Nevers makes her first Muki's Kitchen appearance in this rather silly cos-play double portfolio .
Kendra James and Christina Carter play the chefs and this is a live - roast .
In addition to the usual oven - time , part 2 even has a few fun point - of - view shots of what Nyssa sees out of the oven as she roasts !
This set can be purchased here and below is an out take from this portfolio .
Enjoy !
-- Mr & Mrs Muki :-)
U.S. Geological Survey
Digital Data Series DDS - 29
Version 1.2
The October 17 , 1989 , Loma Prieta , California , Earthquake Selected Photographs
By John K. Nakata , Charles E. Meyer , Howard G. Wilshire , John C. Tinsley , William S. Updegrove , D.M. Peterson , Stephen D. Ellen , Ralph A. Haugerud , Robert J. McLaughlin , G. Reid Fisher , and Michael F. Diggles
1999
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
BRUCE BABBITT , Secretary
U.S. GEOLOGICAL SURVEY
Charles G. Groat , Director
Summary
This publication consists of the online version of a CD - ROM publication , U.S. Geological Survey Digital Data Series DDS - 29 .
The data for this publication total 606 MB on the CD - ROM and 564 MB for this online version .
This online version does not include the Acrobat Search index files .
It also has links rather than files for the Adobe Acrobat Reader installer and the Fact Sheet mentioned below .
Introduction
On October 17 , 1989 , at 5:04:15 p.m. ( P.d.t. ) , a magnitude 6.9 ( moment magnitude ; surface - wave magnitude , 7.1 ) earthquake severely shook the San Francisco and Monterey Bay regions .
The epicenter was located at 37.04° N. latitude , 121.88° W. longitude near Loma Prieta peak in the Santa Cruz Mountains , approximately 14 km ( 9 mi ) northeast of Santa Cruz and 96 km ( 60 mi ) south - southeast of San Francisco .
The earthquake occurred when the crustal rocks comprising the Pacific and North American Plates abruptly slipped as much as 2 meters ( 7 ft ) along their common boundary - the San Andreas fault system .
The rupture initiated at a depth of 18 km ( 11 mi ) and extended 35 km ( 22 mi ) along the fault , but it did not break the surface of the Earth .
About this Loma Prieta earthquake publication
This publication contains 103 digitized color 35 - mm images from Open - File Report 90 - 547 ( Nakata and others , 1990 ) .
Our photographic coverage reflects the time and resources available immediately after the event and is not intended to portray the full extent of earthquake damage .
This publication provides images for use by the interested public , multimedia producers , desktop publishers , and the high - end printing industry .
The digital images are stored in the " photocd " folder and can be read across Macintosh , Windows , DOS , OS /2 , SGI , and UNIX platforms which have applications that can read Kodak 's Photo - CD ( YCC ) file format .
Up - to - date information about Photo CD is on the World Wide Web at http://www.kodak.com/go/photocd.
At the time of this publication , Kodak 's policy on the distribution of color - management files is still unresolved , and so none is included in this publication .
However , using the Universal Ektachrome or Universal Kodachrome transforms found in your software will provide excellent color .
Feel free to use any of these images but please cite the photographer and the U.S. Geological Survey .
View photographs on the screen in GIF and JPEG format
Index map of photographic sites ( 48 KB )
The preview thumbnail and screen - resolution images listed above are in GIF and JPEG formats , respectively , but undergo resolution loss due to downsizing , compression and ( or ) color - palate reduction relative to the original Photo CD images provided below .
CLICK HERE to browse the thumbnails ( GIFs at about 192 x 128 pixels ; / thumbs folder ) .
CLICK HERE to browse the screen - resolution images ( JPEGs at about 768 x 512 pixels ; / screens folder ) .
CLICK HERE to browse the print - resolution images ( TIFs at about 2000 x 3000 pixels ; / tif folder ) .
This folder was created in 2008 and contains .tif files as we received requests for them in this large , uncompressed , but common file format .
The PCD files linked below are the same print - quality images .
Acrobat PDF version of photographs
CLICK HERE to view a PDF version of the photographs ( dd - 29.pdf ; 40 MB ) .
The images in this file are 600 dpi , sufficient resolution for making high - quality copies on most desktop printers .
CLICK HERE to view a slideshow ( slideshow.pdf ; 36 MB ) .
The images in this file are 1024 x 768 pixels .
To get the slideshow to advance automatically in your copy of Adobe Acrobat Reader , set File , Preferences , Full Screen , to Advance Every 2 Seconds .
Photo CD ( PCD ) version of photographs
For users who have commercial software that can read and print PCD files , the photographs are provided in this publication in that format in the " photocd " folder .
In the hierarchy of file formats , Photo CD ( YCC ) resides above BMP , EPS , GIF , JPEG , MOV , PCX , PICT , PSD , TIF , TIFF , etc. , enabling end users to go from YCC to other formats , but not in the other direction without losing image quality .
Each 24 - bit color image is stored as five resolutions :
1. Thumbnail  [ 192 x 128 pixels ]
Contact - sheet - size images for quick previewing of the entire collection .
2. FPO " For Placement Only " [ 384 x 256 pixels ]
A proxy for high - resolution images to determine placement in page - layout programs .
3. Screen Resolution  [ 786 x 512 pixels ]
Ideal for computer viewing and multimedia projects .
4. HDTV High - Definition Television  [ 1536 x 1024 pixels ]
Sufficient resolution for high definition TV , newspapers , and high - quality half - page layouts .
5. High Resolution  [ 3072 x 2048 pixels ]
Provides the printing industry with resolution sufficient for high - quality full - page layouts at 300 dpi/150 lpi and 24 - bit color .
CLICK HERE to browse the PCD image collection ( PCDs at 3072 x 2048 pixels ; / photocd folder ) .
Other sources of information about the Loma Prieta earthquake
CLICK HERE for references and links for further reading .
Fact Sheet , " Progress Toward a Safer Future Since the 1989 Loma Prieta Earthquake "
CLICK HERE to view a Fact Sheet about the 10 years since the earthquake ( https://pubs.usgs.gov/fs/1999/fs151-99/)
View the Readme file
CLICK HERE to view the Readme file ( 1_README.TXT ) for the CDROM verson of this publication in ASCII format .
View the caption file
CLICK HERE to view the captions file ( captions.txt ) for this publication in ASCII format .
View the version history
CLICK HERE to view the version - history file ( version_history.txt ) for this publication in ASCII format .
Acknowledgments
We thank our colleagues : Richard Pike , for his thorough scrutiny of the entire manuscript ; Robert Mark , for reviewing the computer section ; Edward Helley , who originally reviewed Open - File Report 90 - 547 ; Evelyn ( Newman ) Billo , David Traudt , Sue Mayfield , Sara Boore , George Havach , Peter Stauffer , and Bob Page for facilitating authoring of this report ; Todd Fitzgibbon , for a short course in HTML ; and Jack Hillhouse , for supporting the project .
We especially thank Alpha CD Imaging of Menlo Park , Calif . for their technical assistance .
Disclaimer :
Any use of trade , product , or firm names is for descriptive purposes only and does not imply endorsement by the U.S. Government .
To contact the senior author , email John Nakata ( jnakata@sightandsound.com ) , Sight & Sound Productions
Email technical - support comments to Mike Diggles ( mdiggles@usgs.gov ) .
This report is also available on CD - ROM from :
USGS Information Services , Box 25286 ,
Federal Center , Denver , CO 80225
telephone : 888 ASK - USGS ; e-mail : infoservices@usgs.gov
Pricing
ISBN 0-607-86640-3
The URL of this page is https://pubs.usgs.gov/dds/dds-29
Date created : December , 1995
Last modified : July 2 , 2009
Yesterday , Ubisoft claimed that its controversial ( and f*cking retarded ) DRM servers were down due to what it called " exceptional demand . "
Not only was that comment insulting to anybody with a brain , it 's also been revealed as a bare - faced lie .
Ubisoft has since commented that the DRM servers were attacked .
" Apologies to anyone who could n't play ACII or SH5 yesterday , " explains the publisher 's Twitter , clearly having not yet received the PR memo .
" Servers were attacked which limited service from 2:30 pm to 9 pm Paris time . "
It would appear that naughty Internet thugs , possibly disgruntled PC gamers who were protesting against Ubi's shady DRM , initiated a DOS attack on the servers .
Ubisoft claims that only 5 % of players were affected , although I am now struggling to believe a word the publisher says .
This definitely wo n't be the last PR blunder we see as Ubisoft continues to polish the biggest turd in the PC market right now .
Ubisoft confirms server attack [ Videogamer ]
www.giftsforengineers.com
Look what 's new at the
Engineer Giftshop !
Beer Inside Logo T - Shirt
Joke Vote !
Oh come now , surely you 're a master of work avoidance by now ... what 's a few more seconds ?
Get out there and vote for your favorite joke !
My favorite joke is ... 3 Metal Spheres 4 Golfers on Sunday 10 Good Reasons to ... 20 Things - Star Trek The Airplane Appearances Arguing with an Engineer Astronaut Anxiety AutoCAD Monkey Auto .
Engineers vs. Vanilla Average Math Knowledge ...
Barney is Satan Bidding - Additional Req . The Bike Blind Golfers A Boy and his Frog Building Fences The Cabbie Canned Food The Car Citibank Building Common Sense ?
Cubicle One - Liners The Deserted Island Difference Between Engineers ... Dog Show Drug Dealers ... Einstein's Speech Electrical Definitions Electrical Engineer Song Efficiency Expert Engineer / Hydrogeologist Engineering Pick up Lines Engineering Rules Engineering Terminologies Engineers and Lawyers Engineering Conversion Chart Engineer 's Desc. of Woman Engineer 's Diet The Engineer Song The Engineer 's Hymn Engineers and the Jet Engineers vs. Executives Engineers vs. God Feel My Pain Female Engineers Fire Emergency Fishing Vacation Five Surgeons The Frozen Chicken The Genie Girls and Boys Glass of Milk Great Engineering Quote Guessing Sheep The Guillotine Half Full or Empty ?
Half Glass of Scotch A Herd of Buffalo The Horse Race How Can You Tell if ... How Engineers Do It How Many Engineers ( Part 1 ) How Many Engineers ( II ) How Many IBM Technical ...
How Mil Specs Live Forever
How to find the Height ...
The Human Body Hunting an Elephant Husband Number 9
If Restaurants were like Microsoft Jar of Rocks Job Interview Techniques Jock vs. Nerd Kulza - Klein Theories The Lost Balloonist Managerese vs. Engineerese Mech . Eng. in a Mental Hosp . Mech Eng. Test Problem Mechanical vs. Civil Misplaced Engineer Nerd Season A New Element New Lyrics - " Yesterday " New Lyrics - " Eleanor Rigby " New Lyrics - " Unix Man " New Lyrics - " Write in C " New Lyrics - Something New Metric System Noah 's Ark Normal People vs. Engineers Not Obsolete Yet ... One Way Ticket to Mars Phases of a Project Pilots & Engineers Prison vs. Work Prophetic Quotes Professional ATM's Psalm to Engineer's ... Quitting Time Red Rubber Ball Redneck PE Exam Retired Engineer Sack of Gold Sales and Marketing Experts Salesmen Santa Claus Santa Claus Rebuttal The Stove Things Computers can do ...
Things Electrical Engineers ...
Three Umpires Timesheet Honesty TM of CIA
The Toaster Top 10 reasons - male comp Top 10 things did n't teach Top 12 Things from Tech Support The Train Universal Laws for Naive ..
What is 2 +2 ?
What 's for Lunch Who Wants to Marry ...
Why did the chicken cross ...
Why Engineers do n't write ...
Why Engineers are best mates Wife vs. Mistress Winners of Worst Analogies Woodwinds and Engineers World 's 19 shortest books World 's First Profession You Might be a Chem Eng If ... You Might be an Engineer ..
You Might be an Eng. Major ..
You Might be a High tech ..
Legal Junk
Please keep in mind that these jokes are just for fun only and that most of them have come from the web , suggestions from you , and other various and sundry places .
Zurovcik originally intended to test the device in Rwanda , but when the Haitian earthquake hit , she joined up with a wound - care team , and deployed her new invention .
It may not be the most mysterious quantum doodad or augmented - reality monocle , but Zurovcik 's pump proves that sometimes the most useful futuristic technology is actually just simpler , cheaper , easier , and fills a proven need .
How To : Force User to Change Password at First Login
Q. How I should enforce users to change password at their first login ?
A . This is one of the very basic needs which shows up in most of the companies .
As a system admin , I am sure this will be asked from you .
To setup this there are various ways , but I believe one of the very simplest one is the one I am going to explain below .
For ex :
You created a new user “ foo ” :
# useradd foo
Create password for the user
Changing password for user foo .
New UNIX password :
BAD PASSWORD : it is WAY too short
Retype new UNIX password : # passwd foo [ email protected ] # passwd fooChanging password for user foo .
New UNIX password : BAD PASSWORD : it is WAY too shortRetype new UNIX password :
Then to force the user to change the password at the first login , simply set the password to expiry :
chage -d 0 foo
This command will set the password to expiry and will force user to change their password at the next login .
Setting it default for all new Users :
A system admin is one which who can do the work but a efficient system admin is the one who do the work manually first time and then make computer to work for him next time for same task .
Same thing is true over here .
You want all the new users added to your system , to be forced to change their password at the first login , update this file
vi /etc / default / useradd
This file contains the details , what all settings will be applied to the new users created into the system with useradd command .
Just set the value of EXPIRE=0 in this file , and after that , every time when a new user will be created , they will be forced to change the password at the next login .
I had read lots of posts about this topic and there was very general question everywhere that whether this will work in the GUI or not ?
So , I tested it in Ubuntu , and it was working very well .
In this screen - shot , the user will get the prompt to change the password when the password is expired .
If you enjoyed this post , make sure you subscribe to my RSS feed !!!!
Tony Blair in citizen 's arrest scare as Brussels journalist tries to detain him over ' war crimes '
A journalist tried to arrest Tony Blair for ' crimes against peace ' as the former prime minister arrived to give a speech at the European Parliament in Brussels .
Mr Blair flinched as his accuser , left - wing writer David Cronin , wearing a press pass and carrying a notepad , put a hand on his wrist and told him : ' This is a citizen 's arrest . '
The former leader is then said to have given would - be detainer a ' bewildered and contemptuous ' stare before bodyguards pounced .
As Mr Cronin was pushed away on Monday , he shouted ' Mr Blair , you are guilty of war crimes ' referring to the Iraq invasion .
Attempted arrest : Tony Blair at the American Israel Public Affairs Committee Policy Conference in Washington yesterday , where he spoke in his capacity as Mid-East Envoy
' War of aggression ' : David Cronin
English law allows anyone to try and arrest someone they know has committed a crime when it is not practical for the police to do so .
Although the concept of citizen 's arrest is woollier in Belgian law , Mr Cronin said he wanted to to escort the former leader to a nearby police station to be charged with committing a ' war of aggression ' .
Mr Cronin , who has written for the Guardian , said : ' It was an attempt to draw attention to Mr Blair 's crimes in Iraq and Afghanistan . '
He left the room of his own accord after the incident , although when he returned half an hour later he was refused entry by security .
' My motivation in trying to arrest Blair is entirely based on my contempt for the crimes he has committed and abetted in Iraq , Afghanistan , Palestine , Lebanon and Serbia , ' Cronin told EUobserver.com .
It is the second time that Mr Blair 's bodyguards have had to step in to protect him in six months .
In October of last year the former Prime Minister was touring a West Bank mosque when he was assailed by a young Palestinian who accused him of being a terrorist .
' He is not welcome in the land of Palestine , ' the man shouted before he was dragged away by Palestinian security forces .
' You know , he made his protest and that 's fair enough , ' Mr Blair , 56 , told reporters at the time .
Taking no chances : A bodyguard ( left ) scuffles with the Palestinian man after he shouts ' You are a terrorist ' at Tony Blair while on a visit to a West Bank mosque in October 2009
' I think it 's important for you guys as well to not always mistake the protest for the general view of the whole population . '
He studied history and development studies at University College Dublin , followed by journalism at Dublin City University .
After writing for a variety of Irish publications , he moved to Brussels in 1995 , initially working as a press officer and research assistant in the European Parliament for a Green Party MEP .
He was appointed the European Correspondent for The Sunday Tribune , a leading Irish newspaper , in 1998 .
He then worked from 2001 till 2006 as Political Correspondent for European Voice , a weekly newspaper owned by The Economist .
Cronin has also written about rock , jazz and world music for The Wall Street Journal Europe and The Bulletin , the main English - language magazine targeting expatriates living in Belgium .
He has written a book on EU - Israeli relations which he says is coming out later this year .
In the wake of a large amount of speculation on the internet about the possibility of Tom Baker working on Doctor Who audio productions with Big Finish , we thought we 'd state the facts as they are now .
Tom Baker would like to confirm that " warm contact " has been made with Big Finish and that he's " enthusiastic " to work with us .
He adds , wryly , " In my twilight years , I am looking forward to a tremendous Big Finish and the sooner the better . "
Executive Producer Nicholas Briggs : " Tom and I have been communicating about possible projects for some time .
There is really no firm news other than that , but we are both keen to make something happen .
Lis Sladen , Louise Jameson and Nicholas Courtney have also expressed an interest in being involved , but no storylines have been written or approved yet and we do n't anticipate anything being available before 2011 . "
Louise Jameson today said , " I 'm delighted at the possibility of working with Tom again now we have this new found friendship .
I 've always rated him as a brilliant and unique actor with the most marvellous voice , Big Finish must be over the moon that he has agreed to re-visiting the sci - fi world . "
Big Finish would like to stress that any audio productions it may make featuring Tom Baker as the fourth Doctor would not clash with or affect Tom 's continuing , highly successful work with BBC Audiobooks .
Answering questions on his official website , Fourth Doctorhas said that he has agreed to record a Big Finish Audio production .
Baker was answering a question asking what story he would do if he was given carte blanche to create any story he wanted .
He replied that he has been in talks with Big Finish and that they have accepted some of his ideas .
Baker recorded Hornets '
Nest for BBC Audio last year , but has never worked for Big Finish before .
Any project is likely to be in early stages of production and has not been confirmed by Big Finish .
Tom Baker is answering about 20 questions per month via his website .
Questions need to be submitted via the forum on the website .
Please read the guidelines before posting .
Big Finish has posted a confirmation , of sorts , on their website So , to summarize : as the Nucleus of the Swarm once said , contact has been made ; however , nothing solid is yet in the works .
" If the government wants to give me money , I 'm happy to take it .
We get what we 're entitled to .
I do n't put in anything because I do n't pay taxes , but if I could work I would .
There is no doubt that the Apple and Android battle has heated up , and things have gotten much more personal between the company ’s respective CEO ’s – Steve Jobs and Eric Schmidt – in the past few months .
I feel like Steve Jobs ’ feels a sense of pressure , and as questions about Android ’s success mount in relation to Apple , Steve Jobs just wants you to shutup and understand that Apple is better .
Take for example the question Ryan Block from GDGT asked the panel after the iPhone OS 4.0 event :
What about running unsigned apps ?
You ’re going to love Steve Jobs ’ response :
You know , there ’s a porn store for Android .
Anyone can download them .
You can , your kids can .
That ’s just not a place we want to go .
Credit goes to Engadget – we found the Q&A tidbit in their live event coverage – and boy did we get a kick out of it .
Jobs ’ is right , and we have covered the “ Porn Store ” he is mentioning – it ’s called MiKandi .
But does Mr. Jobs know that “ You can , your kids can , ” use your iPhone ’s web browser to search “ porn ” and “ porn store ” and find all sorts of yummy adult content .
Give me a break – if people really want it their going to find it and get it .
There is something to be said for Jobs ’ desire to retain Disney - like control of his company ’s moral stature and attempting to ensure the safest experience for its customers .
Fine , I get it , admirable and wonderful .
But taking a swing at Android for allowing users to do what they want ?
I appreciate that Google treats its smartphone customers like adults .
Maybe Mr. Jobs can prepackage the new iPhone 4X with a bib , airplane spoon and some Gerber .
2010 is almost over , and with it , a year that has brought us many things .
Anonymous threats to the world , Wikileaks , Tron Legacy , and interesting International Politics .
Also , today it ’s the shop ’s 1st birthday .
^_^
As stated on the latest facebook status update , I have a few wishes for 2011
Continue as succesful as 2010 has been .
Becoming a small threat to the big dice companies .
( more on this , later ) Moving from EvilBay to my own domain www.dicecreator.com
The job got assigned in a record 10 minutes time .
AWESOME !
Thanks Mr. B .!
Point 1 :
It ’s been a great year .
I ’ve been having so much fun that I can barely translate that into words ( I ’m afraid that my english level is not up to such task ) .
As I ’ve done before , I ’d like to thank to many , many people for their purchases , custom orders and inconditional support and best wishes .
As doing a complete list would be lovely but unfeasible , I would just like to thank a few individuals who , apart from being awesome persons , have gone well beyond the “ customer / seller ” relationship on one way or another .
M.W. Because without you this blog wo n’t exist .
K.C. & J.A. Because your purchases and patience started it all .
J.R .
For all your help and permission , and because receiving tips feels awesome .
H.P. Swiss Swedish kindness that made the laser engraver possible !
Swedish kindness that made the laser engraver possible !
K.K. Made possible to ackquire the laser at an affordable price .
And may many more … To all you , THANKS !
Humoristic intermission .
Because I hate to make a super serious posts .
Point 2 .
About the other dice companies , do n’t get me wrong , I do not wish to be anything to them .
I ’m quite happy being invisible and doing the things the way I want , and not the way they do .
The danger I meant was that I recently unlocked the secret for doing the printed dice even more easily .
No need to sand the dice or dangerous after - printing procedures ( sanding over the printed face ) .
Of course , I do sell dice , so I ’m a bit afraid that doing so would incur in a loss of customers .
The thing that keeps me wanting to share the knowledge is that I do n’t sell so many printed dice , and that altough is cheap , you have to buy 20 to 30 € of supplies ( without blank dice ) so it will still be cheaper to order from me if you want just a single die .
Also , I do use a TON of freeware and open source software on a daily basis .
DoublecadXT , Avira antivirus , VLC media player and many more .
I find quite adequate for me to release something into public domain too .
I will be doing a complete tutorial , including videos , complete supplies and such , so anyone , anywhere , will be able to do the printed dice I do .
If anyone needs the info right away , just send me an email and I ’ll give you a quick answer .
Point 3 .
As said , I must move from EBay into my own webshop .
EBay fees have become a considerable nuissance , and they reduce my efective benefit margin quite considerably .
Also , I have already paid the domain and Zencart APP , so it ’s a bit sad to not use it .
JOB OFFER .
I ’m seeking for a ZEN - Cart programmer who is willing to tweak the current webshop CSS into something similar to the blog theme I currently use .
I do n’t want super fancy designs , just that when people goes from the blog to the shop , they ’ll feel a pleasant transition .
Before aplying , I have to make clear that my budget is quite limited ( around 200 € ) , please , do n’t feel cheated if the amount is too low for you .
It is what I can afford , no more , no less .
If you ’re interested , or you know someone who might be , please , drop me an email to dicecreator@gmail.com with “ Webshop Job Offer ” as tittle .
Thanks !
As good news for everyone , I ’ll be posting a new die tonight ^_^ .
Se you soon !
It ’s All Latin To Me
Meet Richard Alpert
Time for a Deep Dive
1954
1956
1961
1973
1974
1977
1977 ( appx )
December 19 , 1992
2001
September 24 , 2004
Days 80 – 90 ( Season 3 )
Day 100 ( Season 4 )
2007 ( Season 5 )
2007 ( Season 6 )
I have a headache .
And about the Black Rock ..
Last week ’s episode inside the Black Rock seemed to indicate that Richard had been there before ( he said as much ) .
In fact , Richard almost said that , at some point , he had arrived on the island via the Black Rock .
Was it his first time to the island ?
Most people think no .
In fact , I have read several theories that equate the Black Rock to Richard ’s “ Ajira 316 , ” in that it served as his second ( or third ?
Or fourth ? ) vehicle to reach the island .
The name Richardus does seem to date him a bit …
But this would be a good time to talk about the Black Rock .
What do we know ?
What do we not know ?
Black Rock has been around since episode 1 of season 1 . Danielle mentioned the Black Rock in her French distress signal , even though Shannon ’s 3rd year French translation did n’t pick it up .
However , since I am already three times the normal length of a preview on the Dharma Blog , I wo n’t go into the season - by - season summation of what we ’ve seen of the ship .
Instead , I ’ll present you with the Top Ten Fun Facts about the Black Rock , Letterman - style , that we have learned over the year
1 . In 1845 , it set sail from Portsmouth , England ( out of slip 23 on the docks ) on a trading mission to Siam ( aka Thailand ) .
- And 1,000 more questions Charlie and I have pondered for the last 3 years .
Last week ’s episode inside the Black Rock seemed to indicate that Richard had been there before ( he said as much ) .
In fact , Richard almost said that , at some point , he had arrived on the island via the Black Rock .
Was it his first time to the island ?
Most people think no .
In fact , I have read several theories that equate the Black Rock to Richard ’s “ Ajira 316 , ” in that it served as his second ( or third ?
Or fourth ? ) vehicle to reach the island .
The name Richardus does seem to date him a bit …
But this would be a good time to talk about the Black Rock .
What do we know ?
What do we not know ?
Black Rock has been around since episode 1 of season 1 . Danielle mentioned the Black Rock in her French distress signal , even though Shannon ’s 3rd year French translation did n’t pick it up .
However , since I am already three times the normal length of a preview on the Dharma Blog , I wo n’t go into the season - by - season summation of what we ’ve seen of the ship .
Instead , I ’ll present you with the Top Ten Fun Facts about the Black Rock , Letterman - style , that we have learned over the year1 .
In 1845 , it set sail from Portsmouth , England ( out of slip 23 on the docks ) on a trading mission to Siam ( aka Thailand ) .
2 . It was a mining ship , but some of its cargo secretly included slaves .
( The slave trade had been outlawed in 1807 , but slavery itself was not abolished in the British Empire until 1833 . )
History claimed the Black Rock disappeared while on its return voyage from a gold mining operation in the South Indian Ocean .
It had a crew of 40 men and an unknown number of slaves on board .
3 . In that crazy beach scene from the season 5 finale , Man In Black claimed that Jacob “ brought ” the Black Rock to the island .
4. Currently , the Black Rock is mysteriously and bizarrely located extremely far inland on the island in an area called the Dark Territory .
This part of the island ( according to the Blast Door Map ) is where the Smoke Monster is known to be most active .
5 . It is full of highly sensitive dynamite , even though dynamite was n’t invented until after 1845 .
6 . It is assumed that Alpert came to the Island on the Black Rock , but had n’t visited it since .
7 . The Black Rock was part of a fleet of boats owned by the New World Sea Traders .
The New World Sea Traders was owned and operated by Magnus Hanso , a former ship ’s captain who became a business entrepreneur .
It is believed that the Black Rock was captained by Magnus Hanso , who is the great grandfather of Alvar Hanso , the financier behind the Dharma Initiative .
8 . In 1989 , the first mate ’s journal from the Black Rock came up for sale at an auction at Southfield's .
Charles Widmore purchased the journal , outbidding an unknown / remote individual who was never named .
In addition to the journal , Widmore received a painting called “ The Black Rock Storm , ” which is later seen hanging in Widmore ’s residence .
9 . After Claire ’s abduction by the Others in season 1 , Charlie read her diary , hoping to find some clues as to her whereabouts .
He uncovered a passage where Claire mentioned she had been having dreams about a “ black rock . ”
10 . The Black Rock is presumed to have been lost in the Sunda Trench , which is where the fake Oceanic 815 crash was discovered ( 4 miles deep ) by a vessel searching for the Black Rock wreckage .
Enjoy tonight !
Well , that ’s all I have in me , folks .
I hope you ’ve enjoyed this flash through the Lost series from the perspective of everyone ’s favorite eyeliner wonder boy , Richard Alpert , with a bonus Black Rock top 10 list !
10 . The Black Rock is presumed to have been lost in the Sunda Trench , which is where the fake Oceanic 815 crash was discovered ( 4 miles deep ) by a vessel searching for the Black Rock wreckage .
Well , that ’s all I have in me , folks .
I hope you ’ve enjoyed this flash through the Lost series from the perspective of everyone ’s favorite eyeliner wonder boy , Richard Alpert , with a bonus Black Rock top 10 list !
I invite you to take some time now to leave a comment .
What question about Richard Alpert do YOU want addressed tonight ?
What theories do you have ?
And where do you fall in the eyeliner discussion ?
( Note : I vote he does n't wear eyeliner , but has naturally dark eye lashes . )
ENJOY this episode .
Lord knows Charlie and I will !
Be sure to come back tomorrow morning when Charlie tackles the tough questions and puts it all in perspective , as he does so well week after week .
Namaste ,
Maggie
Tonight ’s episode has been looming since February 7 , 2007 , the original airdate of “ Not In Portland ” ( season 3 , episode 7 ) when we were introduced , for the first time , to one Richard Alpert .
At the time , he was known as Dr. Alpert of the Mittelos Bioscience company , working to recruit Dr. Juliet Burke , a prominent fertility specialist , to work at their facility in Portland , Oregon .
For the last 3 years , 1 month , and 17 days , we ’ve all wondered about this Richard Alpert .
And tonight , all signs point to some serious answers , stretching back to a place and time on the island Charlie and I have only dreamed about .
Welcome to , readers : Richard Alpert ’s first and ( presumably ) last centric episode .
Better go refill that coffee mug before taking in this preview : we ’ve got a lot to cover ……actually , more to cover than usual .
Why ?
Because tonight ’s episode is going to be longer than normal !!
That ’s right : Charlie ’s 26th birthday wish came true .
This episode will be , so check your DVR to make sure it is recording the entire episode ( or record the show that follows , just to be safe ) .
For those of you in Central Standard Time ( also called ) , Lost will air from 8:00 PM until 9:06 PM .
Other time zoners , do the appropriate math or consult the TV Guide or pull it together because you really should know what time this show is on by now .
Tonight 's episode is called .
Latin . Translation : from the eternal .
And the wikipedia notes continue : literally , “ from the everlasting ” or “ from eternity . ”
Thus , “ from time immemorial , ” “ since the beginning of time , ” or “ from an infinitely remote time in the past . ”
In theology , often indicates something ( such as the universe ) that was created outside of time .
I ’ll pause here for you to take a deep breath and blink for the first time since the beginning of this post .
To get us ready for tonight ’s episode , I ’d like to take some time to dive into the man , the myth , the legend , the ageless acolyte of Jacob : Richard Alpert .
He ’s been around for 3 years , but what do we really know ?
Where has he been ?
What has he said ?
Is he really wearing eye liner ?
And can we trust him ?
However , I 'm going to do things a little differently today .
Everyone who visits this site has opinions about who Richard is , where he comes from , and what is role is in the endgame of the show .
However , instead of diving into all of my theories , it seems to me the best use of today ’s preview is to walk through what we know about Richard .
As Charlie has said , “ Tonight ’s episode will stand on its own . ”
My job is to set you up with the information you need to understand the episode in the context of where we ’ve been already .
There will be plenty of post - episode theorizing to occupy our time …
All the time traveling , flash backing , and flash forwarding can really confuse a girl , especially when it comes to Richard .
So , my type A personality will now present a fairly lengthy summation of Richard Alpert , chronologically through the years , thanks to the help of the trusty lostpedia . , Season 5 Episode 3 We see Richard Alpert at the Others ’ camp .
Richard appeared to be in charge at the time , though we have since found out he was actually an advisor to , well , whoever was in charge at the time .
We found out that around 1954 , the U.S. government had sent military installations to multiple islands in the Pacific to test hydrogen bombs , including Jughead , which was the bomb brought to the island .
Richard told the soldiers to leave the island .
The soldiers refused .
So , the Others did what they do best : they killed them .
And after burying the bodies , Richard and the Others took over their camp , weapons , tents , clothes , etc .
The bomb , Jughead , remained on the island , undetonated .
John Locke stumbled out of the jungle towards the camp , and a strapping , young Charles Widmore nearly kills him .
However , Locke claimed that Jacob sent him and Richard agreed to speak with him .
Locke showed Richard the compass Richard had given him , and explained that he knew Richard in the future , where Locke is leader of the Others .
Richard was skeptical .
To prove his claims , Locke said that in two years he would be born in Tustin , CA , and that Richard should go visit him .
Locke then asked how to leave the island , but a time flash happened before he could discover the answer . , Season 4 Episode 11 Richard appears at the Tustin hospital where John Locke had , in fact , been born prematurely a month earlier , just as the elder John Locke had said . , Season 4 Episode 11 Richard visits five - year - old John Locke while he was in foster care .
Richard tested Locke as part of the process of choosing the leader of the Others by presenting him with six items : a baseball glove , a book of laws , a vial of sand , a compass , a comic book , and a knife .
Locke was asked to identify which of these items were “ already his . ”
Richard was pleased when Locke chose the compass and vial of sand , and smiled slightly as Locke considered the book , but Locke ultimately chose the knife .
At this , Richard turned cold and left . , Season 3 Episode 20A young Ben Linus met Richard in the jungle while searching for an apparition of his dead mother .
Richard had long hair and was dressed in primitive clothing .
Richard asked why Ben was out in the jungle alone .
When Ben explained what he had seen , and that she had died off the Island , Richard was visibly interested in this development , but told him to return home .
Ben , however , pleaded with Richard to let him return to the “ Hostiles ” with him .
Considering this , Richard told Ben that this might be possible , but that Ben would need to be “ very , very patient . ” , Season 5 Episode 8 Richard marched into the Dharma barracks after dark , causing mass hysteria and panic .
He placed a torch in the ground and waited , until Horace Goodspeed came to meet him .
Richard accused Dharma of breaking their truce by having killed two of his men .
With Horace ’s permission , Sawyer , who was stranded in that year after Locke turned the frozen donkey wheel , emerged from a cabin and confronted Richard .
Sawyer told Richard he was not a member of the Dharma Initiative , as Richard originally assumed , citing his knowledge of the events at the Others ’ Camp with Locke in 1954 as proof .
The two made a deal that the truce between Dharma and the Others would remain unbroken , since Sawyer killed the two men in self - defense , which was not a violation of the truce . , Season 5 Episode 11 Sawyer and Kate were captured by the Others while carrying the seriously wounded young Ben ( thanks to Sayid ) in an attempt to get the Others ’ help in saving Ben ’s life .
Sawyer demanded that they be taken to Richard stating that Ben 's death would have repercussions on both the Dharma Initiative and the Others .
After telling them that Ben would remember none of this and would be “ one of them ” ( an Other ) for good after this , Richard carried Ben through the jungle and brought him into the Temple . , Season 5 Episode 14 Daniel Faraday entered the Others ’ camp and demanded to meet Ellie .
Richard tried to calm him down , but Daniel demanded to know where Richard had buried Jughead .
Pointing his gun at Richard , Daniel told that he would count to three .
Before he could do so , Ellie shot him from behind .
Richard asked why she did it , to which Ellie replied that Daniel was threatening Richard .
Richard then watched as Daniel revealed that he was Ellie ’s son , before dying .
Charles Widmore then appeared with Jack and Kate as prisoners .
After Ellie read Daniel ’s journal , she ordered to release them .
She then asked Richard to accompany them to the Jughead .
The group traveled to the lake , which held the entrance to the tunnels in which Jughead had been placed .
After Sayid removed Jughead ’s core , the group then traveled further down the tunnels , where Richard used a hammer to break down a wall leading to a house in the Barracks .
Ellie then decided that she should go into the house first , but Richard knocked her out , telling Jack and Sayid that Ellie ordered him to help them get the bomb , which he did , and that he was just protecting their leader . , Season 3 Episode 20
Richard led the Hostiles in the Purge when they killed the Dharma Initiative population with gas from the Tempest station .
After the gas had dissipated , Richard emerged from the Barracks with the other Hostiles to meet Ben who had just returned from killing his father . , Season 3 Episode 7
Ben sent Richard and Ethan to recruit Juliet in the name of Mittelos Bioscience in his attempts to find the reason and cure for pregnant woman dying on the island . , Season 3 Episode 16 Moments after Flight 815 crashed , Ben took Juliet to the Flame station , where Mikhail patched them through to a live broadcast of Richard filming in Miami .
The broadcast showed Juliet ’s sister and nephew having a happy moment at a playground , with the date illustrated by Richard filming a Miami Journal newspaper header .
Eighty days after the crash of Flight 815 , Ben instructed Richard to bring him “ the man from Tallahassee . ”
The next day Richard helped Ben bring him to a room where that man was revealed to be Locke ’s father , Anthony Cooper .
Ben insisted that Locke kill his own father , but Locke refused .
The next morning , Richard introduced himself to Locke , who did not remember his childhood encounter with him .
He said that Ben had known Locke would n’t kill his dad and wanted him to fail in front of the group .
Richard mentioned that they were all there for reasons more important than the fertility issues Ben had been focusing on .
He then presented Locke with a file on Sawyer , suggesting that he should kill Cooper instead .
Locke , confused , asked why Sawyer would want to kill Cooper ; Richard simply told him to read the file .
Two days later , at the temporary camp , as Ben reminisced over a wooden doll he had received from Annie as a child , Richard entered and asked what it was .
Ben explained that it was a birthday present and asked cryptically , “ You do remember birthdays , do n't you , Richard ? ” , to which he received no response .
Richard makes a deal with Kate and Sayid that if they helped the Others rescue Ben , they could leave the island on the helicopter .
Upon success , Lapidus takes off with a group of the survivors .
Prior to leaving the island via the Orchid , Ben told Locke that Richard and his people were two miles east of the station .
Ben also said that Richard would answer all of Locke ’s questions about the Island and follow all his commands .
Locke proceeded to the camp to be warmly welcomed by Richard and the Others .
The two were talking when the sky began to glow as Ben began the process of moving the island .
Locke disappeared at this point , while Richard and the Others remained in the same time .
Richard Alpert was working on a ship in a bottle when he was interrupted by the arrival of the Man in Black , in the form of the recently deceased John Locke .
Richard , however , did not know that it was MIB and proceeded to follow every command and step of Fake Locke ( Flocke ) .
In what is now a classic season of season 5 , Flocke gave Richard a medical kit and told him that a wounded man would come out of the jungle .
Richard was told to extract the bullet from the man ’s leg and tell him that he should bring back everyone who had left the island and that in order to do that , the man would have to die .
Flocke also tricked Richard to give ‘ his ’ compass to the man .
The man emerged from the jungle , limping .
To Richard ’s surprise , it was Locke before his death , who was time - traveling as a result of the island ’s movement .
After healing his wound and delivering the message , time travel zapped the real John Locke away .
Richard made his way back to Flocke and Ben , and seemed satisfied that the time - traveling John believed him .
Richard was happy that Locke did not actually have to die , to which Flocke said “ he did .
” Shortly after , Richard , Ben and Flocke made their way back to camp , where Flocke introduced himself to his people and informed them that Richard is going to take him , along with the rest of them , to see their unseen leader , Jacob .
Richard wondered if Flocke would only cause trouble , to which Ben exclaimed that this is the reason he tried to kill him , which elicited a shocked response from Richard .
Richard led Flocke and the rest of the Others to the Four - Toed Foot , informing him that this is where Jacob lived .
Along the way , he told Flocke the reason for him being the way he was ( not aging ) , was because of Jacob and he suspected that Flocke ’s apparent resurrection may have something to do with Jacob as well .
At the Foot , Flocke wanted to take Ben with him to see Jacob but Richard objected , stating that the rules he follows says that only the Leader can meet Jacob and there can only be one leader on the island at a time .
Despite hearing this and accusing Richard of making the rules up as he goes along , Flocke insisted Ben come along and Richard eventually gave in to his demand .
Richard pushed in a stone at the base of the Foot allowing access and departed after telling them both to say “ hi ” to Jacob .
Later , Ilana and her group arrived and asked for “ Richardus . ”
Richard came forward and corrected her by saying , “ Actually , it ’s Richard . ”
Ilana asked him the question , “ What lies in the shadow of the statue ? ”
To which Richard responded ( in Latin ) , “ He who shall save us all . ”
Ilana then said that she had something to show him .
She opened the crate she and her people had been carrying around to reveal the corpse of John Locke .
Richard asked Ilana where she found him and she explained thus revealing to Richard and all the Others that the Flocke whom Richard had been following was an impostor .
After the revelation of Locke 's body , Richard attempted to prevent Ilana and Bram entrance to the statue , claiming that asking “ what lies in the shadow of the statue ” does not make them in charge .
Ben walked out of the statue and asked Richard to go inside and talk to Flocke .
Richard , frustrated , dragged Ben to the Ajira crate and tossed him on the ground , bringing Ben face - to - face with dead Locke .
The following morning , Richard saw the Temple ’s message flare presumably , indicating Jacob 's death .
Just then , Flocke descended from the statue , causing the Others to point their guns at him .
In a panic , Richard screamed for them to not shoot .
Flocke approached Richard , and commented that it was good to see him “ out of [ his ] chains . ”
Richard seemed to instantly realize who Flocke was , yet Flocke attacked him and knocked him unconscious before he could do anything .
Lifting Richard on his back , Flocke said he was very disappointed in the Others before carrying Richard into the jungle .
When Richard regains consciousness , Flocke tells Richard he wants what he has always wanted : for Richard to come with him .
Richard asks why he now looks like Locke , and he replies that Locke could get close to Jacob because he was a “ candidate . ”
When Richard inquiries as to what a candidate is , Flocke responds sarcastically , asking why Richard would follow Jacob without knowing what he was following Jacob for and that he would never have kept Richard in the dark .
He again requests Richard to come with him and promises to tell him everything , but Richard refuses to go with him .
After leaving Flocke , Richard goes to the Temple and discovers the terror that has occurred .
He runs into Jack and Hurley out in the jungle and says he ’ll take them to the Temple .
Instead , he goes to the Black Rock .
Richard stops to examine some chains and shackles , and muses that he has been on the island for a long time and this is his first trip back to the ship .
Richard begins playing around with some dynamite , to Hurley ’s shock .
The dynamite will not explode .
Richard explains that Jacob touched him and he cannot die by his own hands .
Because of this , Richard asks Jack to kill him .
He tells Jack that he feels that his long life on the island has lacked purpose , because Jacob had promised to share his plans with Richard but did not do so before he died .
Jack listens and lights a stick of dynamite , but instead of leaving , he sits across from Richard to ask him some questions .
Hurley , panicked , runs off .
Jack asks about Jacob ’s purposes for him and Richard says he does not know .
Jack tells Richard about how the mirrors in the Lighthouse showed Jack ’s childhood home , and that Jacob had been watching him his whole life .
Jack is not worried about the dynamite exploding because he feels Jacob would never let anything happen to someone who is part of his plan .
Richard appears genuinely stirred by Jack ’s words , but feels the latter is taking an awful risk in their current situation .
However , the dynamite does not blow up just as Jack predicted .
Realizing Jack is now the one “ with all the answers , ” Richard asks where they should go next .
Jack responds with a smile : “ Back to where it all started . ”
They return to survivors ’ beach camp , where they reunite with Sun , Lapidus , Ilana , Miles and Ben who have gone there for safety from Flocke .
Richard stands apart from the group ( as does Ben on the opposite side ) and silently watches the friends happily reunite .
Yeah , me too .
It is funny how we think we know so little about Richard , but he has actually been around at several very critical moments in the show ’s history .
So what does this mean for tonight ?
Well , the episode description is “ . ”
Is the choice in present time or “ eternal time , ” as the episode title seems to indicate ?
I ’m going to vote for the latter , as I think tonight is going to fill in the holes of his backstory : - When did he get the ‘ gift ’ of immortality from Jacob ?
- Why did he get this gift ?
- Did he really not know anything about the candidates ?
- What was the deal with the six items placed in front of Locke ?
What did they mean ?
- What was his life like before servitude to Jacob ?
- Why did Ilana call him Richardus ?
Linux delivers , or at least , sorts
Linux has gone postal .
For the past decade , the US Postal Service has relied on a mail sorting system that uses LinuxOS at its heart .
And if you really want to show the Linux love , you can also decorate your mail by using custom Linux - themed stamps from Zazzle.com .
With the renewed interest in nuclear weapons I have been struck by how few people there still are who have seen one explode .
There are a few survivors of Hiroshima and Nagasaki and there are a small number who witnessed some of the above ground test explosions .
But the last American above - ground test was in 1962 and the last above - ground test by any country was conducted by the Chinese in 1980 .
This means that the Indians , Pakistanis , Israelis — to say nothing of the Iranians and North Koreans — have never seen a nuclear explosion .
In the main , this is a very good thing : the fallout from such a test is a real health hazard .
But there is a downside .
We have lost the experience of watching a nuclear explosion — perhaps the most powerful lesson about nuclear bombs there is .
In the spring of 1957 , Kenneth Bainbridge , chairman of the physics department at Harvard , where I was finishing a two - year post - doctoral appointment , asked me if I would be interested in spending the summer at Los Alamos .
I had no interest in working on nuclear weapons .
But I had a great curiosity about Los Alamos , which was , at the time , a closed city surrounded by barbed wire .
When I arrived I was assigned an office with Ken Johnson , who was also a Harvard postdoc .
The weapons work seemed to be going on elsewhere ; we were told nothing about it .
I had an idea for a project in elementary particle physics but needed help to carry it out .
Ken , who died a few years ago , was a very powerful mathematical physicist , so we worked on our problem .
My other activity was playing tennis on the Los Alamos cement courts .
My partner was usually a senior physicist named Francis Low .
Toward the end of August Francis said that he would not be available to play for the next week ; he was going to Mercury , Nevada to watch some bomb tests , at the invitation of the head of the Theory Division , a Canadian named Carson Mark .
I asked if there was any chance of my going too and on the morning of August 30 , Francis , Carson , and I got into a light plane that flew from Los Alamos to Albuquerque and then by commercial airline to Las Vegas , which was about 65 miles from the test site .
My ignorance about how nuclear weapons actually worked was nearly total .
I simply went where I was told to go , asking nothing .
The plane was met by a government car that took us to a Las Vegas casino where we killed a couple of hours playing blackjack .
Then we were driven to Mercury , an hour or so away , where we got a couple of hours of sleep .
When Carson got us up it was still dark and quite chilly .
He took us to a nearby meteorological station .
Mercury had its own wind patterns , which were very important .
If the fallout blew in the wrong direction it might irradiate Las Vegas .
Then we went outside to a kind of concrete structure to await the test .
I recognized Al Peaslee , a Harvard graduate student , who had gone off to Los Alamos to work .
Peaslee said that just after the explosion I should turn away for several seconds and put the smoked lenses I had been given over my eyes .
He also said that I should expect the “ shock wave . ” I did not know what he meant .
I learned from Peaslee that the bomb that was going to be tested was called “ Smoky ” and came from Edward Teller ’s laboratory at Livermore .
The Livermore devices were named after mountains while the Los Alamos bombs were named after scientists .
That is all he told me .
In the distance I could see the tower , on top of which was the bomb .
This tower was the tallest one that had ever been built for such a test , about two - thirds the height of the Empire State building .
It had been deliberately placed in front of a bank of hills covered with Joshua Trees — so that the bomb ’s effect on this kind of terrain could be studied .
An alarm sounded and the countdown began .
At zero there was an ungodly flash of light , which I could see reflected off the wall in front of me .
I counted off a few seconds and turned around .
What I saw defies description .
The photograph above gives some sense but not of the scale .
At first there was no noise .
Then came the shock wave that made a disagreeable click in my ears and finally the rolling thunder of the noise .
The Joshua trees were aflame as if in some obscene pagan rite .
The bomb had evaporated the tower .
The fire ball rose and above it was a dark and very menacing radioactive column .
It seemed to come towards us and I wondered if we should seek shelter .
Above it was the mushroom cloud .
We were all very silent when we returned to our bunkhouse for a little more sleep .
Sometime in mid-morning I heard the sound of helicopters .
I recall saying to Carson without knowing the meaning , “ They ’re flying , ” and his responding , “ They ’re flying and flying . ”
We had a bit of lunch and Carson took us on a visit around the site .
The places where there had been explosions looked like the surface of the Moon , except that there were warning signs about the level of radioactivity .
The first stop was at a five - hundred - foot tower where “ Galileo , ” a Los Alamos device , was being readied for the next morning ’s test .
There was an open lift that took us some feet below the platform on which Galileo had been placed .
We had to climb a somewhat rickety ladder to get there .
I remember looking down at the scrub desert somewhat anxiously until it occurred to me how ludicrous was this touch of acrophobia in comparison to approaching a bomb nearly as powerful as the one that destroyed Hiroshima .
Carson did not explain where we were going next : a concrete building quite far away that was set in a bunker .
He opened the door and inside on shelves were the interiors — the “ pits ” — of a vast array of nuclear weapons .
Carson casually picked one off the shelf and handed it to me .
It was about the size and weight of a bowling ball — a bowling ball made out of plutonium and , in this case , with an outer layer of beryllium .
It was slightly warm to the touch from the radioactivity .
In the middle of the room there was a table .
On it was a pit and a man was gluing high explosives to the sphere .
A woman was next to him knitting .
It was an uncanny scene about which I understood little .
The next morning we watched Galileo explode .
This time I knew what to expect but the experience was still overwhelming .
Then we returned to Los Alamos .
Over the years Francis , who died in 2007 , said very little about our experiences watching these two explosions at Mercury , so I do not know how they affected him .
I know how it affected me .
I was never quite the same .
I can not think of nuclear weapons as an abstraction .
I listen to debates on nuclear proliferation and wonder if these people really understand what they are debating .
But I set out to learn , as the data became unclassified , about just what I had seen .
Here is what I found out .
Operation Plumbbob was a series of twenty nine tests nearly all above ground .
They had begun on May 28 , 1957 with “ Boltzmann ” and ended on October 5 that year with “ Morgan . ”
The series , which was the most extensive ever done at Mercury , put 58.3 million curies of radio- iodine into the atmosphere .
One - thousandth of a curie is what would be used in a liver scan .
The radioactivity went all over the United States , with clusters in places like Maine .
It is estimated that these tests caused some 38,000 thyroid cancers leading to about 2,000 deaths .
The health burden of these tests put enough pressure — despite the protests of people like Edward Teller — to bring a halt to them .
The same information can be gathered from an underground test witnessed only by mechanical devices .
It took some years before I understood the significance of the helicopters we heard that morning .
In 1957 , it was the height of the Cold War .
The possibility of a ground war in Europe with the Soviet Union was taken very seriously .
It was expected that a confrontation with the Soviets would go nuclear so troops were being trained for this eventuality .
There were thousands at Mercury : fifteen hundred of them had been assembled about thirteen kilometers from ground zero of Smoky .
By 6 a.m. they had been transported by helicopter to ground zero itself .
They had very poor radiation monitors .
This was to accustom them to nuclear war .
Of these fifteen hundred soldiers some got leukemia and died .
!!
Guests Read
This
Guests although you are allowed to view the site and its contents and the downloads section , all attachments in posts are disabled for you .
So take the time to register and be a part of this community .
The current story arc started with this strip : Unfavorable Comparison .
Combining my two favorite subjects , food and love , in one strip .
Yay . 🙂
We ’re still looking for guest artists , by the way .
Woo : Huh ?
Huh ?
Lily :
Your messed - up introduction was kinda cute … until you simply walked away .
You think I pick a mate based on the quality of his pick - up line ?!
Lily :
But I ’m giving you one last chance , Woo .
Come on , show me what you ’ve got !
But I ’m giving you one last chance , Woo .
Come on , show me what you ’ve got !
Woo : !
Lily : !?
Woo : Lily , may I invite you to dinner ?
You have asked to log in to :
Need to know more ?
Learn more about Shibboleth at Brown .
This is a sequel to my Hot Actors over 50 article .
This article is dedicated to the handsome actors who are between the ages 40 & 49 .
Most of them require no introduction .
The order is random .
I might have forgotten some actors , so feel free to remind me your favorites .
Guys are welcome to suggest Hot Actresses over 40 .
Johnny Depp – 1963
Johnny Depp is one of those rare actors who is loved by both men and women , since he possesses great looks and even a greater talent .
My favorite Johnny Depp movies are The Tourist , What ’s Eating Gilbert Grape , Public Enemies , Benny & Joon , Nick of Time , Chocolat , Pirates of the Caribbean The Curse of the Black Pearl , Once Upon a Time in Mexico , Finding Neverland .
Timothy Olyphant – 1968
Recommended Timothy Olyphant :
TV Series : Justified , Deadwood , Damages Season 2
Movies : A Perfect Getaway , Hitman , Live Free or Die Hard 4 , Catch and Release , Bill , The Girl Next Door .
Tom Cruise – 1962
Recommended : Mission Impossible 2 , Far & Away , Minority Report , Top Gun , Knight and Day , Jerry Maguire , The Firm , Lions for Lambs , The Last Samurai , Rain Man , Born on The Fourth of July , Taps
Gerard Butler – 1969
Recommended : Law Abiding Citizen , Gamer , Nim’s Island , Please ! , Butterfly on a Wheel , Dear Frankie , The Ugly Truth
Clive Owen – 1964
Recommended : Shoot ‘ Em Up , Beyond Borders , Elizabeth : The Golden Age , Duplicity , The Boys are Back , The International
Robert Downey Jr. – Born 1964
Recommended : Air America , Iron Man 2 , Sherlock Holmes
Jeffrey Dean Morgan – Born 1966
Recommended :
Watchmen – co-starring Patrick Wilson , Matthew Goode , Malin Akerman , Billy Crudup ; P.S. I Love You – starring Gerard Butler , Hillary Swank
TV : Grey ’s Anatomy Season 2
Paul Rudd – Born 1969
I know it is hard to believe , since Paul Rudd barely looks 30 .
But he was born in 1969 .
Recommended Paul Rudd : I Could Never Be Your Woman – co-starring Michelle Pfeiffer and Clueless– starring Alicia Silverstone , Forgetting Sarah Marshall– starring Jason Segel , Kristen Bell , Mila Kunis and I Love You Man– co-starring Jason Segel .
( WOMENSENEWS ) –Iranian women have pushed the battle for equal rights online even as security forces aggressively monitor the Internet and shut down pro-democracy
Web sites that fall out of step with the regime .
" Every print magazine for women we had was closed , " Parvin Ardalan said in a recent phone interview from Sweden .
" So we created a new world for ourselves in cyberspace . "
Ardalan is a founding member and editor of Change for Equality , launched in 2006 as the online presence for the One Million Signatures Campaign , a women - led grassroots movement calling for an end to discriminatory Iranian laws .
Change for Equality is now an authoritative women ’s rights news source , as well as a platform for activism .
In 2008 , for instance , it was instrumental in challenging a bill to liberalize polygamy laws .
In March the site posted a video address inviting women ’s rights activists worldwide to show solidarity with Iran ’s women ’s rights and pro-democracy movement .
Some of the responding electronic signatures and support statements now sit at the top of one of the movement ’s Web pages .
" We use social media as a news tool , " said Ardalan .
" Women in Iran are calling for freedom and equality .
We want to show the world that we are not alone . "
Change for Equality routinely survives efforts to shut down or stymie its online operations .
The Iran - based version of the site has been blocked 23 times since its launch , including on March 16 , a few days after Ardalan received an award in Paris from Reporters Without Borders .
The Iranian government permanently revoked the operating license of Zanan , the country ’s leading women ’s rights monthly magazine , two years ago .
Ardalan , who began working on the Internet in the mid-1990s , started two Web sites for women : the Iranian Feminist Tribune and Zanast .
Both were shut down .
Experience Guided Online Presence
The experience guided Ardalan ’s work as a founding member and editor of the One Million Signatures Campaign ’s multifaceted online presence .
The site has versions operating abroad and locally .
The drawback to Web publication , says Ardalan , is that not everyone is an online news consumer .
But there are 70,000 active blogs in Iran , according to a 2009 study by the Berkman Center for the Internet and Society at Harvard University .
Iran has a very young and literate population with only a small gap between male and female literacy .
Sixty percent of college graduates are women , although this does n’t guarantee entry into the work force .
Ardalan has received several sentences for her activities in Iran and plans to live in exile in Sweden for the time being .
The Paris - based media watchdog organization Reporters Without Borders gave Ardalan its first " Netizen Prize " on March 12 .
The award–whose name represents an elision of " Net " and " citizen " –recognizes the efforts of a blogger , journalist or cyber - dissident to promote freedom of expression .
Ardalan accepted it on behalf of about 20 women , including herself , who launched Change for Equality in 2006 and have evaded censorship by operating multiple sites affiliated with the One Million Signatures Campaign .
Ardalan dedicated the award to all her colleagues in prison .
More than 50 of the movement ’s activists have been summoned , arrested and jailed since the site ’s launch .
The arrest of Sousan M. Mohammadkhani Ghiasvand on March 11 marks the most recent detention of a female blogger .
Ghiasvand writes about gender issues in her home province of Kurdistan .
Shirin Alam Holi and Zeinab Jalilian , two Kurdish women ’s rights activists , are currently on death row , according to Human Rights Watch .
Global Record for Jailed Journalists
Iran , which holds this year ’s global record for jailed journalists , had at least 35 behind bars at the start of April , down from 52 in March thanks to short term - furloughs , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists , the New York - based monitor of press freedom worldwide .
Five are known to be women .
" Putting women in detention because they are calling for equality will only cause them to become even more active and inspire them to the same , " Mohamed Abdel Dayem , program coordinator for the Middle East at the Committee to Protect Journalists , told Women ’s eNews .
Iran is the only country in this region to domestically manufacture sophisticated monitoring software and hardware to track online publications and filter out content the government considers a threat to national security , Dayem said .
Google , the California - based Internet technologies corporation , supported the Reporters Without Borders ’ award .
Iran blocked the company ’s popular e-mail service , Gmail , as part of a broader cyber censorship crackdown in February .
On March 14 , Teheran ’s Prosecutor Office announced the arrest of 30 people in connection to a U.S. cyber conspiracy .
Most of the detainees , according to Human Rights Watch , were human rights activists , including advocates for women ’s rights and rights for regional minorities .
Ardalan says that foreign media attention carries risks for journalists on the ground .
But international support–in the form of electronic signature campaigns or Web - hosting services –also helps content providers such as Gender Equality sidestep censorship and raise the profile of female activists and journalists .
" Social networking increases our security too by publishing our news , " she said .
" When they arrest somebody that it is unknown it is easy to jail them without a show from supporters . "
Siemens and Nokia Singled Out
In March , Nobel - laureate and women ’s rights activist Shirin Ebadi singled out German engineering giant Siemens and Finnish telecoms company Nokia for supplying Iran with the dangerous know - how .
" They send the Iranian state software and technology that it can use to monitor mobile telephone calls and text messages , " she told France Culture Radio .
The European Parliament judged the companies " instrumental in the persecution and arrest of Iranian dissidents " in a February resolution that criticized Nokia Siemens Networks for equipping the Iranian government with censorship and surveillance tools .
The companies have denied the charges .
At least 5,000 men and women have been arrested since Iran ’s contested election last summer , according to Iran ’s Equality Now Web site , including many members of the One Million Signatures Campaign .
The government ’s crackdown on information since the rise of the pro-democracy movement has been so severe that international watchdog organizations struggle to keep track of who has been arrested and why , especially since few international reporters are allowed inside the country and local sources are under constant pressure from security forces .
" It ’s a revolving door , " Farez Sanai , Middle East researcher at Human Rights Watch in New York , told Women ’s eNews .
" It is very common for individuals to be picked up , put in detention , not know what the charges are and then be released several days or weeks later . "
Dominique Soguel is Women ’s e News ’ Arabic editor .
Identity theft prevention service LifeLock is not as pristine as its reputation claims after all .
The company agreed to pay out $ 12 million to settle charges with the Federal Trade Commission and 35 states , which had said that LifeLock 's identity - theft - prevention claims were false and that the company actually made its own customer data available and unsecured from theft .
As it turns out , there is no way to fully guarantee that identity theft wo n't happen , no matter what someone puts on the side of a truck .
LifeLock has made a name for itself as the go - to service if you never want to have any part of your identity stolen , ever .
The company claims to proactively protect your information against fraud , alert you to any kind of shady activity , and reduce credit card offers for $ 10 - 15 per month .
Those who have seen LifeLock 's trucks driving around their cities know that the company used to slap its CEO Todd Davis ' social security number on the side of the vehicle along with a number of claims guaranteeing that its customers wo n't fall victim .
( As an aside , Davis ' identity allegedly ended up getting stolen in 2007 . )
According to the FTC , LifeLock has long claimed that it 's the first company to prevent identity theft from ever occurring , that it will never happen to you if you become a paying customer , and that it can stop fraudulent activity before it happens .
" Guaranteed . "
However , the company only employed limited protections on behalf of its users —
LifeLock apparently only went so far as to place a credit alert on its customers ' credit reports , says the FTC , and barely did anything else .
As we here at Ars know , there are many more elements to identity theft than preventing someone from opening new accounts in your name .
Medical identity theft is quickly becoming big as more and more people go without health insurance , and the FTC says LifeLock offered no protection against this .
" If you end up in the hospital with a split appendix and doctors look at your medical charts , they might think it 's not an appendix problem because you 've already had yours removed , " TrustedID CEO Scott Mitic told Ars last September .
LifeLock also provides no protection against ID theft for job - hunting purposes and did nothing to protect its customers from being defrauded with their existing accounts .
" [ E ]ven for types of identity theft for which fraud alerts are most effective , they do not provide absolute protection , " noted the FTC .
( By the way , you can save yourself $ 10 / month by setting up those fraud alerts yourself .
Just contact the three major credit bureaus : Equifax , TransUnion , and Experian and they 'll do it for you for free . )
On top of it all , LifeLock supposedly made claims about data security at its own company that the FTC says were false .
After collecting sensitive data on customers , LifeLock did not encrypt its data and supposedly made the information easily accessible to anyone who wanted it .
Thirty - five states joined the FTC in its complaint against LifeLock for deceptive claims .
The suit did n't last long , though — it was filed on March 8 , and on March 9 , LifeLock agreed to shell out $ 11 million to the FTC and $ 1 million to the attorneys general of the 35 states involved .
The company has also agreed to stop misrepresenting its services as offering absolute prevention against identity theft , must establish a " comprehensive data security program , " and is required to get independent third - party assessments of the program for 20 years .
Given the number of inquiries about LifeLock on our own forums , it 's clear that the service managed to pique the curiosity of even some of the most savvy consumers .
With the FTC 's suit settled , the company seems set on moving forward with more transparency about what it can and can't do to protect users .
As an ID - theft - obsessed consumer myself , I 'd rather take measures to watch my info on my own than place my trust in a company that already has a somewhat shady past .
Listing image by Image courtesy TheTruthAbout
Hello , we are KND Photography , award - winning creative wedding photographer London .
Our style of wedding photography is deeply rooted in wedding photojournalism , influenced by fine - art photography .
The result is creative , clean and crisp wedding photography that ’s romantic , fun , and emotional .
We pride ourselves on not just being photographers , but rather artists creating unique and expressive imagery .
Fun & Relaxed Wedding Photography
We document your day naturally and un-obtrusively , resulting in an honest portrayal of your celebration .
Wedding Photojournalism or reportage wedding photography takes awareness of surroundings , knowledge of human tendencies , and patience .
Each image we take serves a purpose and has a point .
Each image captures an emotion , tells a story , or portrays a mood or feeling .
That ’s why you wo n’t see us taking random pictures such as you stuffing your face with food or staring off into space .
Perhaps yesterday ’s tweet by Google CEO Eric Schmidt put it best .
Hell has indeed frozen over .
Google has run its first major television ad , during the Super Bowl , no less .
Below , the ad , how it has been received , how it compares to other search engine commercials from rivals and some questions about why market leader Google felt it needed to make such a dramatic move to promote its best known product that has no real marketing problems .
The rumor that Google would run a commercial during today ’s Super Bowl 2010 proved true .
Google aired a spot from its online video Search Stories series , called Parisian Love :
The company also has a blog post up about it here , saying :
If you watched the Super Bowl this evening you ’ll have seen a video from Google called “ Parisian Love “ .
In fact you might have watched it before , because it ’s been on YouTube for over three months .
We did n’t set out to do a Super Bowl ad , or even a TV ad for search .
Our goal was simply to create a series of short online videos about our products and our users , and how they interact .
But we liked this video so much , and it ’s had such a positive reaction on YouTube , that we decided to share it with a wider audience .
The commercial , by the way , had 1.2 million views before the ad .
It ’ll be interesting to see how it changes now .
Google ’s taken out its own ad on Google for google tv ad that links over to an area with the ad — good cross-promotion :
Someone also tweeted to me that Google ’s also taken out ads for actual searches that are demonstrated in the commercial .
I took a quick look myself .
That ’s true for some queries but not all of them .
The queries in the ad are shown below , along with whether Google was showing an ad for its Superbowl commercial in relation to these searches and whether the listing selected by the searcher in the ad is still in the top results :
Of those sites selected , one of them already doing something special for visitors who might be coming to it because of the Super Bowl publicity :
The ad was also posted to the YouTube AdBlitz channel , where all Super Bowl ads have been posted immediately after airing .
Google & Past Traditional Consumer Advertising
Over the past years , Google — which is somewhat notorious for not advertising itself to consumers , has actually been ramping up that outreach .
Consider :
TV : In May 2009 , Google ran TV ads for its Chrome browser , making use of remnant ad inventory available through non-major television broadcast channels ( Google Does TV Ads , To Push Chrome Browser In Commercials ) .
Google ’s also been on TV via its sponsorship of Nova on PBS back in 2005 .
Radio : Google advertised its AdSense program in radio ads in July 2009 ( Google AdSense Radio Ads & Microsoft Bing Travel TV Commercial ) .
It also pitched its Google Local service on radio in Kansas City in 2005 .
Newspapers : Google ’s done newspaper ads on the odd occasion , such as a campaign in 2005 to target college students and entice them to its web applications .
Outdoors / Billboards : Google has run billboard campaigns such as those to promote its GOOG - 411 voice search service ( Google Uses Outdoor Billboards To Promote Goog411 ) to promoting its web applications on billboards in August 2009 ( Google Kicks Off “ Going Google ” Ad Campaign ) .
The company has also done other things such as bus wraps .
Despite these traditional advertising moves , nothing matches the giant leap that the Superbowl ad represents .
Google has never felt the need to put across its core product — search — to so many people at once .
Indeed , when Microsoft undertook a major television campaign last year to promote its new Bing search engine , Google ’s Schmidt suggested they would be of little use for acquire customers :
You do n’t just buy it with ads .
You earn it , and you earn it customer by customer , search by search , answer by answer .
And we believe that today we beat our competitors because we ’re so focused on comprehensiveness , speed , freshness and having the depth that people really care about .
At that time , Schmidt also said :
We are spending all of our time on exactly what we ’ve always done , which is innovation .
I do n’t think Bing ’s arrival has changed what we ’re doing .
We are about search , we ’re about making things enormously successful by virtue of innovation .
Such a major flip from that to a Superbowl ad in less than a year suggests that Google is feeling pressure to reach consumers , something I suspected might happen back when Bing launched :
Google ’s never really had to market itself to consumers , to trot its stuff .
The recently held “ Searchology ” event did n’t cover anywhere near the range of what Google offers .
But if the praise for Bing keeps largely rolling in — if people keep discovering features that are n’t necessarily unique to Bing — Google may find it has to step up .
Just a week after Bing ’s launch , Google showed the first sign of outward pressure by pushing out a new “ Explore Google Search ” page that was advertised on its home page .
It was to counter the idea that it was somehow missing features that Bing was getting noticed for ( see Google Fires Back At Bing , Launches “ Explore Google Search ” ) .
Now we have the Super Bowl ad– a TV ad no less intrusive than those Google once said it hoped to change through its own Google TV Ads program for advertisers .
We also have it during the same Super Bowl where long - time advertiser Pepsi skipped the Super Bowl .
What a strange , unexpected flip - flop .
Postscript : Like that simple focus on search results in Google ’s ad ?
As I ’ve been watching reaction on Twitter , plenty seem to :
The format is similar to this one from Ask in 2007 :
Of course , the Google ad has a common theme that evolves in the spot , a blossoming love affair told in searches , whereas the Ask ad just focuses quietly on Ask ’s features .
Still , having watched reactions to search engine ads over the years , I can recall that the Ask ad seemed effective to those I talked with about it .
The Google ad may have struck the same chord .
In contrast , the Bing TV ads that have been running perhaps have been too overloaded focusing on the idea there is “ search overload ” rather than the simplicity of the results themselves .
Here ’s one :
Meanwhile , here ’s a look back to 1998 , which was a heyday for search engines to be advertising themselves on TV .
This montage starts off with a Yahoo ad that always makes me laugh , just a boy , looking for some hair :
We ’ve also got a parody of the Google ad , though this was made before the ad aired during the Super Bowl ( that ’s possible because the Google ad has aired online for several months ) .
Spotted via Twitter , check out this Tiger Woods - themed ad :
Media Reactions
We ’ll see how reactions to the Google ad continue to go .
Some media reactions to how Google ’s spot compared to other Superbowl commercials that I ’ve survey are giving the company kudos :
CNET : It was a breath of fresh air in a Super Bowl where the ads were dominated by dude - oriented spots
Ledger - Enquirer :
What did impress was the Google ad , which was smart , got the message across fast and tugged at the heart strings .
Kansas City Star :
It it was a winner — far more satisfying than the mostly sophomoric commercials from the beer makers , job - search companies , fast - food restaurants , soft drink makers and other usual Super Bowl advertisers
Wall St. Journal : “ Could be my favorite , ” DiGo ’s Mr. DiMassimo said of the Google spot .
Wall St. Journal 2 : A lot of typing into the search engine from a guy or girl going to France , trying to impress a girl .
As Butthead said , “ If I wanted to read , I would have stayed in school . ”
AP : “ ‘ That was one of the few strong ads this year , ” said Laura Ries , president of marketing consulting firm Ries& Ries outside Atlanta .
Buffalo News : “ It ’s simple , charming and very real , down to the misspellings . ”
CNN Money : “ It was the least expensive ad and the best ad so far , ” said McKee .
“ It was basically a product demo on the Super Bowl . ”
Reuters : “ The spot , well - received by experts , told the story of a transAtlantic romance though search queries and results . ”
Sporting News :
That ’s impressive when you consider just how much goes into the creative for Super Bowl ads .
Google ’s is self - produced , to my knowledge .
The ad , if deemed a Super Bowl hit , gives Google the ability to back up what it tells large brands and others in terms about speaking to consumers in ads .
The purchase itself also positions Google as finally spending in the medium where it seeks to attract big advertisers from — even specifically with its push to get Super Bowl advertisers .
Super Bowl Commercial Ratings
Various places provide ratings of Super Bowl commercials .
Here ’s a rundown on some places I ’ve spotted :
USA Today :
The long - standing Super Bowl Ad Meter tracks a panel of viewers to see how they reacted to Super Bowl commercials .
Out of 63 ads , Google ranked in the bottom half , at 43 .
The long - standing Super Bowl Ad Meter tracks a panel of viewers to see how they reacted to Super Bowl commercials .
Out of 63 ads , Google ranked in the bottom half , at 43 .
AOL ’s NFL Fanhouse : Based on user ratings , Google ’s a winner , currently ranked fourth of all ads .
Elsewhere , professors at Michigan State University rated Google ’s ad the best .
So did students at the Kellogg School Of Management at Northwestern University .
Over at Forbes , the Google ad did n’t appear to be either a best or worse pick by Forbes judges .
Forbes also has public ratings , but Google ’s not listed — perhaps because it was n’t known Google would be running an ad in advance .
The same is true for voting at the Wall Street Journal .
So downside to Google ’s big mystery spot ?
It might have missed out on being counted among the best by being late .
Google ’s YouTube is also hosting a contest , with voting through the middle of this month .
So ’s Hulu , with results announced later this week .
SF Weekly also reports that Innerscope & Wired conducted a survey that measured emotional responses through electrodes attached to the skin .
So far , Google ’s ad beat the US Census ad .
More results are still coming in .
Why Advertise Your Best Known Product ?
It also remains odd to me that Google spent so much money to advertise itself in an area where it leads by so much , especially when Bing ’s advertisements have made little real impact with consumers .
And when Google , when asked about pushing its Nexus One phone , suggested that TV was n’t a way to go over pushing through its online channels .
Compared to Google itself , practically no one uses the Nexus One .
If any product needed some TV ads , you ’d think that was it .
I suppose that it ’s difficult for Google to advertise Google itself to a “ new ” audience on Google ’s own network .
So , the Super Bowl ad does get it out to a broad audience .
But was there anyone in that audience that did n’t already know Google ?
Were there seriously that many people who were thinking of not using it over Bing ?
The Google ad to me comes off as a giant waste of money , something Google seems to have done to satisfy its own internal concerns that Bing is making a splash even if that splash has n’t tipped market share at all .
No doubt it is and will continue to generate buzz , of course .
But was the buzz worth the cost ?
Not just the financial cost , but the cost of signaling to your chief competitor and those who closely track you in the search space that Bing makes you very , very nervous .
For related discussion , see Techmeme .
About Freevo Freevo is an open source HTPC media centre .
It integrates PVR / DVR functionality along with music , video , gaming , home automation and more .
It is written in python and uses existing popular software such as mplayer , xine , vlc and skype .
Freevo also provides access to popular services such as YouTube , Flickr , Apple trailers , IMDB , Hulu Desktop and more through integrated plugins .
Primarily aimed at the Linux platform it is also possible to run on OSX and for the determined on Windows .
It can be controlled via keyboard and mouse , IR remote , network app or through it's web interface ( Android and IOS apps are planned ) .
Freevo can record and display TV from multiple sources ( analogue , DVB - C / T/S , set top box via composite with IR blaster ) .
You can pause or rewind live TV and schedule recordings via the on screen EPG or remotely via a web interface .
Update : Freevo.org shutting down
Now 6 years later , Freevo is more or less dead .
Kodi is so much more powerfull and Python 2.x is end - of - support .
Therefore , I will not renew the freevo.org domain .
I will update the code on github with my current mail address and copy the homepage to sf.net and github .
I still use some parts of the code and maybe , one day , some parts my get a new life .
As for me , I hope to update kaa.metadata to Python 3.x and create a thetvdb library out of kaa.webmetadata .
Good Bye and thanks to all people involved in the project Dischi Freevo in a dormant state I failed to get a release of Freevo 2 out .
I changed too much , a complete rewrite and some parts are also written three or four times .
My fault , I know -- an error made years ago and when noticed , it was too late to change it .
And since I started a new job four years ago my time working on Freevo got smaller and smaller every month .
Jason also is completely busy with his job .
I still say Freevo 2 is ready to use , but I will not release it .
I 'm not sure it works with the latest clutter or gstreamer , I only know it works for me .
It lacks many important features such as DVD playback ( I have a BluRay Player ) and TV recording .
I do not need it and I do n't have time to code it .
Besides that , XBMC has a much bigger community , UPnP is enough for many people ( even I use NAS plus BubbleUPnP plus TV sometimes ) and new development such as Chromecast will reduce Freevo 's usefulness even further .
I will continue to use Freevo 2 , I may even write an Android client for it ( after learning Python with Freevo which was useful for getting my current job , hacking Android is a good next step ) , but I see no real future for Freevo without a live community and more people hacking code .
If someone contributes something , I will add it .
If someone needs help to get Freevo 2 running , I will provide it .
Since we also lack someone maintaining the server we host and I do not want to pay for something we do n't need , I shut it down .
This means the SVN and the Wiki will be gone .
The code is already on github and will remain there .
A static backup of the 1.x Wiki is linked here ; the 2.0 WiKi is more outdated and wrong than correct and therefore , it is not visible here .
The mailing list on SF will continue and so will the mail server hosting freevo.org and all mail addresses will continue to be valid .
Maybe after some time someone resurrects Freevo .
I would love to pass the maintainership over to someone just as I took it over from Krister years ago .
Maybe someone takes the kaa - stuff and writes something new and better .
I 'm happy to assist and I think the same is true for Jason .
Maybe I will release something someday based on the current code .
It was a great time , I learned a lot and it was much fun .
Dischi
