Vox Populi , Vox Dei
An adventure game about heartbreak and werewolves !
Sneak up on werewolves and tear them apart with your bare hands , leaving a trail of pixelated blood .
ISLAMABAD --
A suspected suicide bomber blew up his explosive - laden vehicle in a congested marketplace in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar Friday , killing at least 49 people in an attack that increases pressure on the military to quickly launch a planned offensive against militants in the frontier region of South Waziristan .
The blast , which demonstrates the Islamist militants ' ability to strike despite recent setbacks , occurred in the central Khyber bazaar close to the provincial parliament .
Provincial Information ...
After my recent posting about what some of the folks I interviewed for Coders at Work had to say about unit testing and TDD , I ’ve seen comments various places from people who seem to think that I must never have really tried TDD or that I think unit testing is not useful .
Neither of which is really true .
In the last two jobs I had before I quit full - time work to write books and do a bit of consulting I was , among other things , the guy who wrote the test framework used for testing all our Java code .
My first framework , which I wrote in the early days of Weblogic , predated JUnit but was similar in intent — my goal was to make it as easy as possible for developers to write fine grained tests and to pinpoint as precisely as possible the cause of test failures so that we could run tests in a continuous build - and - test system that tested every check - in and reported the results .
( ” Build and test monkeys ” we called them at Weblogic and a stuffed monkey made the rounds of the developers ’ desks , sitting on the desk of whoever had last broken something . )
In addition to working on the framework itself , I spent a lot of my time at Weblogic trying to figure out how we could have finer - grained tests that would run more quickly and provide easier to track down failures than the rather coarse - grained system tests we had a lot of .
( At one point , when I was working on our EJB implementation , I came up with a trick that I ’m still a bit proud of : to test our implementation of the state machine implementing the EJB life - cycle , we wrote an EJB that collected a list of tokens for each of the methods called on it by the EJB container and the test , after putting the EJB through its paces , fed that sequence of tokens to a parser generated from the grammar of legal paths through the state machine . )
At my next job , at another start - up founded by one of the Weblogic founders , I was hired early on not only to work on the server part of our product but to be in charge of our software development process .
We set up another battery of build - and - test monkeys , using a test framework I had written after leaving Weblogic .
And having experienced the benefits of pair programming and lots of testing at Weblogic , I tried to push our process toward something like XP though I do n’t think we ever did enough of the practices to really count as an XP shop .
Now , with six years of hindsight , I ’m still not sure whether I ’m glad or sad about that .
In my role as a developer at Kenamea , one of the biggest projects I worked on was implementing a transactional object store .
Other than some proof of concept code I wrote by myself , that part of the system was almost entirely pair programmed and was possibly one of the most extensively unit tested parts of our product .
I do n’t actually recall whether we ever did test - first programming on it but my pair and I tried to be quite strict about writing unit tests for all the code we wrote .
And the tests were definitely valuable .
They gave us — as unit testing advocates always promise — confidence to dramatically refactor things when necessary and they told us when we had slipped up and broken something .
On the other hand , the system was multithreaded which , as Joshua Bloch points out in Coders , always makes things much harder to test .
Often the tests were sufficient to show the presence of a bug without pinpointing its location ; hours or days of hard thinking were often required to track down those concurrency bugs and when we found them it was usually not at all clear that there were any unit tests we could have written that would have uncovered them .
When I quit Kenamea in order to spend some time hacking Lisp , I was still interested in unit testing and TDD .
( There ’s a reason that one of the first “ practical ” chapters in Practical Common Lisp is a simple test framework . )
Shortly before I started work on PCL I read Kent Beck ’s book Test Driven Development and did a few experiments with “ pure ” TDD which I recorded in a coding diary .
The first was an implementation of an algorithm for generating starting positions for Fischer Random Chess , a version of chess where the pieces in the back row are positioned randomly , subject to a few constraints .
Here ’s the contemporaneous record of my attempt , complete with false starts and other brainos .
( The code is in Common Lisp .
Lispers may be shocked to see how little Lisp I knew then , a few months before I started work on PCL .
And no guarantees that this code exemplifies good Lisp style or good anything else . )
The next problem I tackled with TDD was The “ Impossible Book ” problem , posed on the Test - driven Development Yahoo !
group around that time .
Again , I recorded my attempt as I went .
I ’m not sure these are great examples of TDD in action ; I mention them merely as evidence that I have actually spent some time trying out TDD .
My Impossible Book attempt is also , perhaps , relevant to the current discussion since I was up against the same kind of difficultly as Ron Jeffries was while trying to write his Sudoku solver .
Namely , I had no real idea how to solve the problem .
However — perhaps because there was no other infrastructure code to distract myself with — I was lucky enough to realize that no amount of testing was going to help me solve a problem I did n’t know how to solve .
So instead I decided , as I say in my coding diary , that “ TDD is about driving the implementation ” .
So I went off and read a bit about how to solve the problem and then used TDD to come up with an implementation .
In this case I was lucky that there was already a readily accessible write up of a way to solve the problem .
If there had n’t been I would have had to do more research and probably would have had to learn some math in order to figure out how to apply it to the problem at hand .
In other words , the thing that was going to speed me up was not trying harder with TDD but recognizing that I needed to step back and try something else .
Since those experiments with TDD , I ’ve mostly been writing books so I have n’t been doing much work on production code .
Working on my own coding projects , which tend to be exploratory , not very large , and special purpose ( i.e. they only have to work for me ) I have not found myself inclined to use TDD or even a lot of unit testing .
I ’m not claiming that that ’s due to a principled appraisal of the benefits and drawbacks of TDD or unit tests ; it just has n’t felt like the problems I ’ve had writing the software I ’ve wanted to write would be fixed by having more unit tests nor that writing test - first would speed up my exploration .
And that , I guess , brings me back to how I was drawn into this conversation in the first place : I think testing , of all kinds , is an important part of serious software development .
I think TDD is , at the very least , an interesting way to write software and I suspect that it might be a very good way to write some kinds of software .
But I think the claim that TDD always speeds you up is just bunk .
It may be that for the kinds of software Uncle Bob and Tim Bray write , in the kinds of organizations where they work , over the kinds of time scales they care about , it really does always speed things up .
I ’m happy to believe Uncle Bob when he says that he ’s seen the benefits of TDD in his own and in others ’ work .
But I also think that when Jamie Zawinski says that writing unit tests would have slowed down the first release of Netscape or when Donald Knuth says that he thinks he saved time by writing out TeX in a notebook without any testing at all until he had figured out how the whole program was going to work , those are data points that need to be accounted for , not dismissed with insults about “ living in the stone age ” and “ being willfully ignorant ” .
Maybe Zawinski and Knuth are wrong about their own experience .
Or maybe they were making different trade offs than Uncle Bob and Bray would chose to make .
At any rate , I agree with Tim Bray when he says
If you read the comments around this debate , it ’s increasingly obvious that we as a profession do n’t have consensus around the value of TDD .
Many of our loudmouths ( like me for example ) have become evangelists probably to the point of being obnoxious .
But there remains a strong developer faction out there , mostly just muttering in their beards , who think TDD is another flavor of architecture astronautics that ’s gonna slow them down and get in their way .
Maybe TDD ’s detractors are , as Uncle Bob claims , analogous to the 19th century surgeons poo-pooing the benefits of washing their hands before surgery but I find Uncle Bob ’s rhetorical stance of absolute certainty disconcerting and , ironically , anti-persuasive .
That is , I thought better of TDD before I read his recent postings about it .
But that ’s a silly reason to accept or reject a practice that might do me some good .
If I go back to writing production code , I ’ll certainly resume my own contemplation on the best way to mix testing with development and would n’t be surprised if TDD found a place in my own practice .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A spider appeared on Pope Benedict 's robes as he addressed politicians and diplomats in Prague on Saturday , disappearing and appearing again .
Are you a Windows user ?
iConvert Icons for Windows is the only ico converter that you need .
And , there 's really no easier way to create your own custom folder icons .
iConvert Icons for Windows has been designed with attention to detail and features - and it's available for a great price too !
Learn more about iConvert Icons for Windows
NEW !
Now available for Windows 10 on the Microsoft App Store !
I envy the PHP web site where they have links to the translations of their documentation .
Even though it is not linked from the main page they seem to accept that not everyone knows English well enough .
In the Perl community we cold actually do much better than that .
On perl.org or maybe even on perldoc.
perl.org and on learn .
perl.org we could have a list of languages on the left hand side - similar to the way Wikipedia has - all linked to a single page in that language .
That starting page of each language could contain links to the major Perl resources in that language such as Localized documentation ( translation of perldoc or home made documentations )
Tutorials
Localized Perl Community : Forums , Mailing list , IRC channels in the specific language
Perl Monger groups ( I know there is also the list on the Perl Mongers website so this might not be that important here . )
Books published in the specific language .
I have started to collect some information on the TPF wiki under the name International Perl Resources but ultimately it is you , who speaks the language , who needs to put together this information .
At one point we can move all the information to a separate page ( e.g. Hebrew ) and then we can use the community adserver ( as mentioned in One - liners to promote Perl ) to promote that page in the countries where that language is used .
Please , take the time , edit that page and add information about the Perl resource in your language .
Are We Addicted to Rioting ? by Ryan Harvey
Sunday Sep 27th , 2009 10:53 AM
An analysis of militant - street protest , movement strategy , and the state of anarchism .
Based around the G20 Pittsburgh demonstrations .
By : Ryan Harvey - September 24 , 2009
The G20 is upon us , and though BBC world news featured some of " the troubles " in Pittsburgh , on the ground reports hardly match up with the media - inflation , police - inflation , and activist - inflation of the actual thing .
As is often the case , the media makes things look a whole lot crazier than they actually are , if it's in the interests of higher ratings .
And though most Americans if surveyed would be against rioting , they love to watch it on TV .
So the media is hyping the G20 protests up enough to get some extra points , but not enough to anger their parent companies .
The police of course have to inflate the threats posed by relatively small numbers of protestors to justify the gigantic amount of city , state and federal tax - payer money used to buy new weapons , vehicles , chemical munitions , and armor .
They get to keep all these goodies to use against whomever crosses their path in the future .
So little pebbles getting tossed at robo -cops become boulders and little marches becoming security threats .
To match these two forces , the protest groups , especially my own comrades in the anarchist groups , inflate their stories , numbers , and actions to try to gain support and build momentum , and to make them feel better .
So a dumpster getting rolled down a street into an intersection will be heroized in well - designed pamphlets to come and talked about for years the way my generation still talks about the fence - chasing incident at A16 , ( World Bank / IMF protests on April 16 , 2000 in DC ) .
What is so crazy about all of this , this inflation is that it does n't seem to help .
As an organizer with a decade of experience in all types of work , from anarchist organizations to peace groups to labor organizing , I do n't think over - hyping our actions does anything for us .
In fact , I think it works to our disadvantage .
It adds to a culture of dishonesty , of not addressing our shortcomings , of not reflecting and refining our work .
Now Pittsburgh had a crowd of 4,000 - 10,000 people according to different reports .
While this is a big number in general , it 's not so big compared to public opinions on such issues at the bailout , corporate executive bonuses , or the global economic order in general .
Most folks in the U.S. are pretty angry , from the far left to the independent right / libertarians .
Instead of congratulating ourselves on a " large turnout " , we should be asking why it was n't nearly size of most anti-war demonstrations that have happened .
Not to put ourselves down in anyway , but to consider the factors so that we can go about building a stronger movement for economic justice .
When we do n't look into these factors , we are walking blind .
Another major issue in these protests is that when militant groups over - hype themselves before - hand , to make themselves seem bigger , more powerful , and often more willing to use violence or property destruction , they invite and allow public justification for large , well - funded and well - equipped police action ...
And they are not prepared to take it .
They are usually fronting , thinking that talking big will make the actual thing big .
This is not how organizing works .
You actually have to do the work , not just front like you have .
You end up in dangerous situations when you do this .
A flimsy PVC - reinforced banner is not going to last long against a few riot - police , it never has .
I 've seen it many times and it's never done anything more than look cool in a photo to those who 've never seen the damn things break on impact .
I once saw a cop beat an anarchist with a piece of his own broken PVC " shield " banner .
I came from this scene , learned all the tactical terms , and met many good people who I ran in the streets with , and we got into some crazy situations .
I have been around the bloc a few times .
I have inhaled tear gas and pepper spray , heard the close - up clicks on the infamous taser , and heard the sobering sounds of riot batons breaking human bones .
I once saw a guy almost burn a hole in his hand throwing a tear gas canister back at the police in Quebec City in 2001 .
At the beginning of the Iraq war , I helped drag a 16 year - old girl away from a group of police who were beating her in DC .
Both her ankles and one of her arms were broken .
In Miami in 2003 , I heard the explosion of " less- lethal " weapons and heard a loud pop next to me .
As I turned , a middle - aged woman was starting to run away with blood literally pouring out of her mouth .
She had been hit in the face with a rubber bullet .
After that incident I began a long reflective process , one that started in the bloodstained streets of Miami and has n't stopped yet , hopefully it never will .
Something clicked when the blood poured out of this woman 's mouth ; this is for real .
I am really here and we are really getting the shit kicked out of us .
What before seemed sort of fun , sort of therapeutic , sort of educational , now seemed totally dangerous , serious , and life - threatening .
It also became clear that our actions in the streets were not usually connected to any real strategy to achieve change , no goals that we could attain , no real meaning for being there at that time , besides to ruin the party for the bigwigs .
Not that that 's a bad thing to do , it 's just not worth my eye , hand , or life .
It went on like this for years for me before I sobered up , took a step back , and realized I was in the middle of a big mess , a mess with very few details .
It was like a messy room that only has large furniture in it , no scraps of paper , no old dishes , no crumbs .
Everything upon observation was really clear , it was obvious what was wrong .
I began to think about my purpose for protest , my desire for economic and social justice , peace , and equality .
As I reflected , I became disillusioned with protest , burned out , depressed , and lost .
It took a while to crawl out of it , but I came out on top .
I learned a lot during my down time and came to some understandings .
One of the clearest understandings I reached , one that was really solidified recently after reading a book called War Is A Force That Gives Us Meaning by Chris Hedges , is that me and many friends were pretty much addicted to these intense street situations .
We were engaging in " combat scenarios " and really , to a scary degree , creating mini-war scenes where we could play out some strange fantasies .
War is A Force That Gives Us Meaning talks about the strange attraction that people have to war , even those highly opposed to it .
Even those scarred by it , terrified by it , and deeply effected by it .
Some go into war and get real messed up , vowing to never return , only to soon find themselves desiring that adrenaline , the fear , the intensity .
Hedges was a journalist in Bosnia , El Salvador , Lebanon , and Iraq .
He realized after many years that he was experiencing a type of addiction , seeking a high that can only be attained in a combat situation .
I fear that we too , anarchists and street militants , have similar symptoms .
We intentionally go into situations that we know are dangerous , that we often know do n't really have any solid plan .
Maybe it 's part machismo , maybe it 's part desperation , maybe it 's part legit too , but I think it 's a lot of high - seeking .
We desire the intensity , the rush .
We get to enact roles that we do n't get to enact in our everyday lives , heroism , bravery , sacrifice , quick thinking , fear - testing , and some forms of solidarity .
We also get to experience prison , pain , and life - changing trauma .
All of this is well worth it if we have our eyes on the prize and are fully aware of the risks , reasons , and responsibilities of these types of actions .
The risks are obvious , the reasons usually are few and far between ( meaning we usually do n't have a very sound strategic approach to protest that results in the real changes we desire ) .
The responsibilities are usually totally missing , aside from street medics and basic legal support .
But larger ones , like trauma support for years afterwards , support for those abused in prison , networks of real care and compassion like those veterans have created with groups like Vets 4 Vets and Homefront Battle Buddies to heal from the painful experiences of violence , do n't exist yet .
I have seen all of this go pretty much unnoticed by those of us who organized actions that resulted in the trauma , like those of us who helped organize in Miami .
A lot of us who were there learned that lesson real quick afterwards , but a bit too late .
I know a woman who has full audio / visual flashbacks from Miami , another parallel with war , and a common symptom of PTSD .
Many of my friends have PTSD from their experiences in Iraq and Afghanistan .
It would not be surprising if many of us have been coping with similar effects from Philadelphia , Miami , DC , and St. Paul and did n't know it because we are not in a movement that is prepared to handle or reflective enough to admit such things .
While the experiences of violence can easily change you , I do n't want to dwell on this too much .
I do n't want my point to get blurred .
I 'm not scared of violence all the time .
I 'm not against violence all the time .
I 'm not against riots all the time , and I 'm not against folks putting themselves in harms way just to prove a point all the time .
But I am no longer lending my support to these acts if they are not solidly rooted in an organizational and movement - wide foundation , supported by large numbers of people who understand their purpose and the steps to take afterwards .
If we are " stepping it up " or " escalating " without the massive numbers of people that we were previously standing with , we are losing people , and are thus destined to fail .
I do n't want to be in a people - less movement , I want to build strong movements that can take bold and seemingly dangerous steps together , growing as they move forward .
This can justify the risk .
On the question of " Violence VS Non-Violence " I opt out .
I respond with a better question : " What is your goal ? " .
Then I consider the goals , how they link up to a larger strategy , and how it effects its movement as a whole .
" Will it make you stronger ? " .
" Will it hurt your organizing efforts ? " .
These are the relevant questions .
Then I ask , " What do you need to do to achieve your goal ? " .
Then I consider the question of violence or non-violence .
It 's more of a tactical concern , and tactical concerns stem from a goal , which usually stems from an even bigger goal , which stems from a strategy .
If you roll a dumpster at the police , why are you doing it ?
To prove a point ?
To block a street ?
To open a street ?
To cause a diversion to pull off another action ?
To impress the media ?
To impress your friends ?
To get it out of the way ?
To get it in the way ?
These are relevant questions , far more relevant than whether or not it 's morally acceptable to roll a dumpster around .
But then you must ask yourself why you are trying to achieve that tactical goal .
Are you blockading a meeting ?
Are you causing chaos to make the summit look bad ?
Are you trying to get media attention ?
Do you want revenge on the police ?
Then you must ask yourself why you are blockading the meeting or causing chaos or trying to get on TV .
Who are you trying to effect ?
Who 's your base ?
If you want media attention , who are you trying to reach out to ?
What is your message for them ?
If you are trying to cause chaos , what is the purpose ?
Who is it serving ?
How is it advancing your goals ?
What effect will it have on your movement next week , next month , next year ?
What is the follow - up to all of this ?
That 's how winning movements think .
Those are the critical questions to ask , among others .
Unfortunately , I never experienced a single anarchist group that considered any of this .
We just went out and did the craziest stuff , had a few parties / events in the next few months , and started the next round of last - minute militant protest organizing , building for our next street - fantasy , the omnipresent and mythological " next Seattle " .
We were chasing a high that we did n't even understand .
In pursuit of this high , we got lost in our own imagery and rhetoric .
We convinced ourselves that we , the anarchists , were the movement .
We were the ones who were important , the ones who made the difference between a dinky permitted march and a history - making mobilization .
We used Seattle as the ultra- reference , where a group of a few dozen black bloc anarchists caused over 4 million dollars in property damage .
Nevermind the other 49,000 + people in Seattle 's actions , sacrifices , and hard work .
Nevermind the union workers rushing into downtown to defend those doing civil disobedience .
Nevermind those who locked down peacefully or used human chains to blockade delegate hotels .
We were too obsessed with ourselves to let other folks steal out glory .
We called them all " liberals " , and this was the ultimate diss .
A recent Crimethinc report on the Pittsburgh G20 says that the black bloc-portion of the protests " signifies the survival of militant street resistance in the Obama era . " .
But I ask to what end ?
Militant street resistance against what ?
For what ?
What kind of vague movement are we part of if we discuss our tactics as if they are the very point of using them ?
Is " militant street protest " an end in itself ?
Why ?
What about the " survival of a sustained movement for economic justice " ?
Why do n't we discuss the things we are working for ?
Are we working for " militant street protests " or are we working towards a broad social goal ?
Do anarchists no longer think in terms of issues , goals , or things they care about ?
Just vague notions of " freedom " ( like the freedom to light a dumpster on fire ) or " resistance " ( a habit of attending and organizing semi-annual pre-staged battles with the police ) ?
This insurrectionary rhetoric that is so popular today among us young anarchists is belittling and destroying anarchism .
It 's turning it into a mythic fantasy world , where things magically change because someone breaks a window or quits their job .
And it 's pulling a lot of young people into situations where they are often hurting long - term movements for change , rather than reinforcing them .
Today 's " Anarchism " is too disconnected from larger movements , too fragmented in it 's own , and too carried away with it 's own romanticism .
These are serious critiques and questions from a comrade , someone who throws their heart into positive work every day for serious , radical social change .
I write not to piss my friends off or put people down , but to challenge - urge - my friends to think very critically , very ...
Critically enough to make a meeting suck .
Enough to make you really frustrated .
Enough to spark heated but respectful discussion .
Enough to make the work hard and controversial .
It 's not supposed to be this fun .
The fun comes from the struggle .
The fun is in light of the struggle .
We do n't struggle enough .
We play around issues , organizing these events where we experience " street liberation " , the high , and then spend the next few months coming down from it until we re-up .
Crimethinc mentions the great high later in the same article , without admitting the contradictions of this strange addiction : " No words can do justice to this experience , but it is real " .
Is that why you take the streets , fellow anarchists ?
Are you searching for that feeling that cannot be explained ?
That adrenaline rush , that fear ?
Ask yourself this , and ask it in a serious way .
Because if you , are you should reconsider your role in social movements , how you participate , how your actions reverberate , what effects they have on others .
And perhaps you should take a deep breath and consider your priorities and those of the people around you .
There 's too much at stake to waste our time and energy preparing for and executing these theater - like confrontations .
The anarchist groups are full of good people , committed , and hopefully those who will help contribute to positive social changes in our lifetimes .
It is for you , the committed anarchists , that I write this .
I want you to take my words seriously , because we have a lot of work to do , and most of it is not going to get done in the streets .
It 's going to get done on the doorsteps , the libraries , the churches , the labor halls , the schools , the military bases , the parks , the prisons , the abortion clinics , the neighborhood associations , the PTAs .
And whatever it is , it 's not going to be called Anarchism and it's not going to look like what you think it 's going to look like .
It 's going to be new , fresh , original , organic , unique , and real .
And it 's going to be a combination of all of our society 's best politics , ideas , experiences , and sincerity .
And we are going to help make it happen .
Let 's take anarchism out of the streets for a while and put it back in the communities where it was born .
AT&T has announced an official date for the arrival of multimedia messaging on the iPhone : Sept. 25 , a few days past the official end of summer .
Thus , the company is breaking its promise to deliver MMS by " late summer " by a few days .
AT&T confirmed the date in an e-mail provided to Wired.com , in which it explained that the delay was due to enabling equipment in data centers across the country to process iPhone MMS signaling and optimizing the network to prepare for record volumes of MMS traffic driven by iPhones .
" We know many of our iPhone customers are eager for an update on our rollout schedule for Multimedia Messaging Service ( MMS ) , " an AT&T spokesman said .
" We ’ve been working for the past several months to prepare our systems and network to ensure the best possible experience with MMS when it launches – and today we can announce that launch date : September 25 for iPhone 3G and 3GS customers .
MMS will be enabled through a software update on that day . "
Apple initially previewed MMS for iPhone in a March event demonstrating the iPhone 3.0 operating system .
Then during the Worldwide Developers Conference in June , Apple delivered the news that MMS support would be available for 29 carriers as soon as the iPhone 3.0 OS launched June 17 — but not for AT&T customers until “ late summer . ”
This announcement inspired many boos in the audience .
Months later it led to a lawsuit filed by an iPhone customer who alleged Apple and AT&T misled customers by heavily marketing iPhone MMS and failing to deliver .
AT&T in June issued a statementclaiming the delay for MMS was unrelated to AT&T's 3G network .
See Also :
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com *
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Authorities in Los Angeles , California have been contending with a wild bear that wandered into a residential area .
Local news crews captured this aerial footage of the bear running free through residential gardens in the LA suburb of San Dimas , on Wednesday .
Authorities shot at the bear with non-lethal rubber pellets in a bid to contain it , and it has since headed back into the wilderness .
The men were caught on CCTV as they entered the shop Robbers stole nearly £ 40 m of items from a London jewellers in what police say was Britain 's second biggest robbery .
Two men with handguns threatened staff at Graff jewellers in New Bond Street on 6 August before taking 43 items .
They dragged a female member of staff outside as they left the shop and fired a shot , although no - one was injured .
CCTV images of the two men have been issued .
The £ 40 m haul is exceeded only by the £ 53 m raid on a Securitas depot in Kent in 2006 , a Met spokesman said .
Det Ch Insp Pam Mace from the Flying Squad said : " This was a well planned robbery with a number of vehicles used to help the robbers escape .
" These men are extremely dangerous and fired at least two shots in busy London streets as they made their getaway .
" Someone knows who these men are , they would undoubtedly have spoken about it beforehand or boasted about it afterwards . "
The " smartly dressed " pair escaped in a blue BMW .
They fired once while leaving the store and then again in Dover Street where they abandoned the BMW , police said .
More than 40 items were taken
High - profile heists
The robbers then got into a silver Mercedes and drove into Farm Street where it is believed some of the suspects got into another vehicle , possibly a black Ford Galaxy or Volkswagen Sharan .
One of the 43 items of jewellery stolen was a pair of white round diamond double - hoop earrings .
A yellow diamond flower necklace , a platinum white Marquise diamond ring and a Chronograph men's watch were among the other pieces taken .
The first suspect is described as white , about 30 years old , slim and between 5ft 10ins and 6ft tall .
The other man is described as black , in his 30s , 6ft tall , more well - built than the first suspect , with very short hair .
The same store has been targeted by robbers before .
Jewellery worth an estimated £ 23 m was stolen in a raid in 2003 when two Serbs armed with a revolver held up staff .
And in 2007 jewellery worth as much as £ 10 m was taken from a branch of Graff Diamonds in Sloane Street in central London by two men posing as customers .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
To users of Cydia , Icy and Appulous , alternatives to Apple 's App Store are nothing new , but soon there will be a new and unqiue player in the market .
Promising to become " the most beautiful application repository on the market " appDowner will be the first App Store competitor to use BitTorrent technology .
During the summer of 2008 , iPhone developer Alec Renolds announced he was working on a BitTorrent application that would be capable of automatically downloading and installing iPhone applications .
Provisionally named ‘ AppDowner ’ , the project looked promising but faltered a little due to some personal issues .
Now things are back on track as Alec has teamed up with a new designer Miles Lorry to revitalize the newly and slightly renamed ‘ appDowner ’ .
Available in beta “ soon ” , appDowner will be compatible with iPhone 3.0 devices , so what ’s the deal ?
“ The concept of appDowner has changed slightly , from being a simple ‘ smart ’ BitTorrent application to a full on App Store replacement , ” explains Alec .
“ No longer will you have to remember and type in the URL to your torrent file , simply click the “ Store ” tab on appDowner , and you ’ll be brought to a beautiful interface designed by Miles ( which is n’t quite ready to be shown off yet , but he assures us that it will be very , very soon ! ) which will allow you to search and find the apps you ’re looking for . ”
appDowner will be available soon
Unlike the official App Store , there will no iTunes - like approval process to get your own applications onto the appDowner store , with Alec promising that submissions to the system will be accepted within a week .
While BitTorrent is employed to serve apps to the user , the appDowner torrent client can also be used for non-appDowner downloads too
When released in beta , appDowner should become available via Cydia / Icy .
Stay tuned for updates
In Berlin haben mehrere Tausend Menschen gegen eine ausufernde Überwachung durch Staat und Unternehmen demonstriert .
Die Proteste standen unter dem Motto „ Freiheit statt Angst – Stoppt den Überwachungswahn " .
Sie richten sich unter anderem gegen die Pflicht der Telefonunternehmen , Daten auf Vorrat zu speichern .
Demonstranten mit der Flagge der Piratenpartei bei einer Kundgebung gegen den ausufernden Überwachungsstaat in Berlin .
Anzeige
Die Demonstration war Teil eines internationalen Aktionstages , an dem weltweit Proteste stattfinden sollten .
Zeitgleich wurde auch in zahlreichen anderen Städten der Welt wie Wien , Prag , Stockholm und Buenos Aires zu Aktionen unter dem Motto „ Freedom not Fear “ aufgerufen .
Zu dem Protestmarsch gegen Vorratsdatenspeicherung von Telefon - und E - Mail - Daten und heimliche Online - Durchsuchungen von Computern durch den Staat hatten über 160 Bürgerrechts - und Datenschutzorganisationen aufgerufen .
Unterstützt wurde der Aufruf unter anderem von der Piratenpartei , Gewerkschaften , Berufsverbänden sowie der Organisation Attac und dem Chaos Computer Club .
Die Veranstalter berichteten von insgesamt 25.000 Teilnehmern , die Polizei von rund 10.000 .
Für Millionen Bürger könne dieses
Thema bei der Bundestagswahl entscheidend sein , sagte ein Sprecher der Veranstalter .
Viele Politiker hätten noch nicht begriffen , dass das Thema in der Mitte der Gesellschaft angekommen sei
Anzeige
Der Vizepräsident der Internationalen Liga für Menschenrechte , Rolf Gössner , warnte bei der Kundgebung vor „ politischer Angstmacherei “ und „ Angriff auf die Bürgerrechte “ .
„ Ein ausufernder Antiterrorkampf beschert uns eine dramatische Einschränkung der Freiheitsrechte “ , sagte Gössner weiter .
Derzeit erlebe Deutschland eine „ Militarisierung der Inneren Sicherheit “ , so der Menschenrechtler mit Blick auf die Diskussion über Bundeswehreinsätze im Inland und die von Innenminister Wolfgang Schäuble ( CDU ) favorisierte zunehmende Vernetzung von Polizei und Geheimdiensten .
Der Datenschutzbeauftragte von Schleswig- Holstein , Thilo Weichert , warnte vor einer „ Totalkontrolle “ der Bevölkerung , um Kriminellen wie „ Kinderpornografen “ und Terroristen im Internet auf die Spur zu kommen .
Anstatt Informations - und Meinungsfreiheit einzuschränken , müsse die Strafverfolgung professioneller werden .
Auch der geplante unbegrenzte Datenaustausch zwischen Polizeidienststellen innerhalb der EU und die einheitliche Steuer - Identifikationsnummer wurden kritisiert .
Anzeige
Die stellvertretende Fraktionsvorsitzende der Linken im Bundestag , Petra Pau , bezeichnete auf einer anderen Veranstaltung in einer kurzen Rede die sogenannte Vorratsdatenspeicherung als „ unsinnig “ und warnte vor einem präventiven Sicherheitsstaat .
„ Die Anschläge auf das Grundgesetz kommen näher “ , betonte sie und fügte hinzu : „ Wir brauchen endlich ein Datenschutzrecht des 21 .
Jahrhunderts “ .
Mit der sogenannten Vorratsdatenspeicherung werden alle Daten von Telefon - und Internetverbindungen erfasst .
Die Telekommunikationsunternehmen müssen diese Daten für ein halbes Jahr speichern .
Dabei geht es um Rufnummer , Uhrzeit , Datum der Verbindung , bei Handys auch den Standort zu Beginn des Gesprächs .
Nicht gespeichert wird der Inhalt der Kommunikation , auch nicht die aufgerufenen Seiten im Internet .
Auf die erhobenen Daten dürfen Ermittler bei der Verfolgung schwerer Straftaten zugreifen .
Das vom Bundestag 2007 verabschiedete Gesetz setzte eine EU - Richtlinie um .
Deutschland blieb am unteren Rand des möglichen Überwachungszeitraums .
Die EU wollte die Daten ursprünglich für 36 Monate speichern .
It is a lamentable observation that because of the way our laws are skewed toward the plaintiff , London has become the libel capital of the world .
Litigants are coming to England from another country to sue people who live in a third country over a book that was published in a fourth country – the excuse being that a handful of books were sold here too .
A nice little round - the - world jaunt for lawyers it may be , but sensible or liberal it is not .
Nor is it just .
Of course there must be redress if you are maliciously attacked in a way that damages you .
But if such a law is cast too wide it has disastrous consequences on the public interest , not least in the area of science and medicine where the stakes are high , profits and reputations are guarded jealously , and the vulnerable need to be protected from unproven or fraudulent claims for cures , whether by " alternative " therapists or big pharmaceuticals .
As a scientist , and as Oxford 's inaugural Professor of the Public Understanding of Science , I have sometimes wondered why science itself cannot sue for libel .
You can legally lie about the real world to your heart 's content , but until some human being is materially damaged , nobody will complain .
Teachers can legally tell innocent children the palpable falsehood that the world is less than 10,000 years old ( the true figure is more than 4.5 billion years ) .
The world cannot sue you for lying about its age , because the world cannot prove that it has been damaged by the lie !
But people really can be damaged by unscientific medicine .
Homeopathy is obvious nonsense , and given another two minutes I could prove it to you .
It can even be damaging , if it lures patients away from seeking the best , evidence - based medical advice until it is too late .
Yet before saying a thing like that , I have to look nervously over my shoulder , intimidated by the notorious English libel laws .
The biologist Olivia Judson wrote last week in the New York Times :
Several times this summer , science journalists in London have leaned over to me and said something along the lines of , ' I was thinking of writing , " and gone on to describe an article that was going to be critical of someone .
' But then , ' the speaker would gloomily conclude , ' I thought to myself , " Simon Singh " , and I decided not to . '
Back in June leading academics , publishers , journalists , performers , clinicians and scientists issued a public statement backing that courageous hero Simon Singh .
The British Chiropractors Association has sued him for criticising chiropractic claims to cure asthma and other childhood complaints .
I and many of my colleagues fear that , if Singh loses , it would have major implications on the freedom of scientists , researchers and other commentators to engage in robust criticism of scientific , and pseudoscientific , work .
It is possible in medicine , even when you intend to do good , to do harm instead .
That is why science thrives on actively encouraging criticism rather than stifling it .
Dr Ben Goldacre , who writes on science in the Guardian , was bogged down for years defending – ultimately successfully – a libel claim brought in London by a German millionaire vitamin pill salesman who was promoting his pills as a cure for Aids in sub-Saharan Africa .
Scientists often disagree with one another , sometimes passionately .
But they do n't go to court to sort out their differences , they go into the lab , repeat the experiments , carefully examine the controls and the statistical analysis .
We care about whether something is true , supported by the evidence .
We are not interested in whether somebody sincerely believes he is right .
There exist objective methods for discovering whether he is , as a matter of fact , right .
If he is wrong , the evidence will show it , and – notwithstanding Judge Eadie – be blowed to whether he is sincere in his error or not .
If the British Chiropractic Association was really sincere , it would n't go into court to sue Singh .
It could have taken up the Guardian 's offer of a right to reply .
Or better , it could go into the lab and do an experiment to show him wrong .
Why does n't it submit its case to the higher court of scientific test ?
I think we all know the answer .
Or will I be sued for saying that ?
The trouble is , it 's hard to know .
That is the point .
Do we really want discussions on matters of science , evidence and medicine , and indeed any area of public interest , to be conducted in an atmosphere of fear and uncertainty ?
This is an edited version of Richard Dawkins ' speech to the Liberal Democrat conference in Bournemouth
Untitled
So , well , it 's spring break .
I was n't going to do anything , but this idea was just too .. disturbing to not inflict upon everyone else .
All countries have been hit by the economic crisis in the sense that all countries have seen growth drop .
However , great differences exist , as some have merely seen growth slow , others have seen only an insignificant contraction and yet others have seen a significant but not dramatic contraction and then there are countries that have experienced outright depressions ( More than 10 % contraction ) .
Here is a list of countries that in the year to the second quarter experienced growth and those that experienced more than 10 % contraction : Growing economies : ChinaIndiaVietnamIndonesiaPhilippinesPolandAustraliaIsraelEconomies Suffering A Depression : MexicoRussiaEstoniaLatviaUkraineLithuaniaSource : The Economist For a few countries , second quarter numbers remain unavailable , and for all countries terms of trade related factors could distort the picture .
Still , this list gives a good picture of which economies have fared the best and which have fared the worst .
The really extraordinary case here is Poland which has managed to stay relatively strong despite the depression in several of its neighbors .
This is likely in part due to a beneficial industrial structure and in part due to the aggressive tax cuts implemented this year
GUATEMALA CITY -
Tens of thousands of indigenous people took to the streets across Latin America on Monday to protest the anniversary of Christopher Columbus 's 1492 discovery of the Americas .
Columbus Day is celebrated as the Day of Hispanic Heritage in Latin America , but protesters marked the holiday as a reminder of the atrocities Spanish conquistadors wrought on indigenous people throughout the region .
In Guatemala City , 19 - year - old demonstrator Imer Boror was killed and two were wounded as Maya Indians blocked entry points into the capital to protest their government 's mining policies .
Protesters were marching on what they called the Day of Dignity and Resistance of the Indian People , protest leader Juana Mulul told AFP , saying the movement " is purely in defense of Mother Earth and our territory . "
In a gesture toward reconciliation with indigenous groups , a special roundtable appointed by President Alvaro Colom after the incident was to meet with 14 poor farmers late Monday to discuss their demands .
Aparicio Perez of the Farmers Union Committee ( CUC ) said representatives would ask the government to annul mining , hydroelectric and cement concessions because " multinational companies are taking over natural resources , which have long been the source of life for rural families . "
According to government statistics , 42 percent of Guatemala 's 12 million inhabitants are Indians , although some groups put the figure at over 60 percent .
In southwestern Colombia , some 25,000 people set out from several towns and cities in Valle del Cauca department to protest President Alvaro Uribe 's environmental policies and his alleged broken promises to their communities .
They planned to join up Friday in a larger demonstration of some 40,000 in the department 's capital of Cali .
" We 're demonstrating against the degradation of the planet ... against President Alvaro Uribe's neglect " of indigenous communities , National Indigenous Organization of Colombia member Feliciano Valencia told reporters .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Indigenous people , who represent three percent of Colombia 's 45 million inhabitants , accuse the conservative Uribe administration of failing to enact social programs and release state funds it promised indigenous communities when it came to power in 2002 .
They also protested being regular targets of guerrilla , paramilitary and drug trafficking violence , despite their professed neutrality in the country 's ongoing internal conflicts .
During an extraordinary session held at the National Pantheon , the Venezuelan National Assembly passed a bill proposing a " Day of Indigenous Resistance " to be held throughout South America .
National Assembly Speaker Cilia Flores hailed the event as proof lawmakers were " working with all the people and with a revolutionary government to build a new nation . "
At the National Pantheon , where the remains of Venezuelan heroes are buried , dozens of indigenous representatives gathered in a demonstration organized by the ruling Socialist Party of Venezuela ( PSUV ) to protest the " genocide of the ( Spanish ) empire " 500 years ago .
A group of indigenous people kept the Panama - Costa Rica border closed for several hours in the morning at the Sixaola border crossing and later protested in front of the Spanish embassy .
Several thousand native activists were joined by environmentalists , farmers and students for protests across Panama demanding respect for their land rights and rejecting energy projects that " do not respect the autonomy of indigenous people " and cause " forced evictions . "
" The arrival of the Spaniards in the Americas in 1492 brought about the destruction of the Indian way of life and broke a series of political and economic institutions that has since driven us into poverty , " said Cecilio Guerra before burning a Spanish flag close to the presidential palace .
According to Guerra , over 21 hydroelectric concessions and nine mining projects are affecting indigenous communities .
24 Pages Posted : 19 Sep 2002
Abstract
Folk economics is the intuitive economics of untrained persons .
It is concerned with distribution , and does not allow for or understand incentives .
Folk economic notions evolved in our ancestors in circumstances where there was little in the way of specialization , division of labor , capital investment , or economic growth .
It can explain the beliefs of naive individuals regarding matters such as international trade , labor economics , law and economics , and industrial organization .
It is important that voters understand economic principles .
Economists would do a better job of persuading others and of teaching if we paid explicit attention to folk economics .
Because untrained individuals do not fully understand gains from trade , training in economics is likely to improve welfare by increasing the number of trading opportunities .
There is evidence that this is in fact true .
Brochure printing at Blockbuster Print.com is produced using the highest quality offset printing in the world .
When looking to order brochures online , we know you are looking for the obvious which is low pricing , fast delivery and especially high quality .
Trying to find all 3 of those is usually a process .
Have no fear , Blockbuster Print.com is here !
Tadaaa .
Ok , that was lame but you are viewing one of America 's highest quality brochure printing service online or locally .
We pride ourselves on having the most brochure printing facilities in the country .
This makes us the leader in brochures online .
We can deliver your trifold brochures to you within 48 hours .
Shopping for brochures online is stressful .
Most brochure printing services try and sell you on low pricing but forget to discuss quality .
We focus more on talking to you about quality over anything else , even though we should be telling you that we are the low priced , because we really are .
We want you to compare us when shopping .
You 'll save anywhere from $ 20 to $ 300 when ordering trifold brochures with us .
The most popular of all are the 8.5x11 trifold brochures .
They have been the standard in brochure printing for decades .
A new folding style which is becoming more popular is the half fold brochures .
They too are the same 8.5x11 size but instead of the obvious trifold , we fold in a half fold .
Right down the middle .
The benefits of ordering trifold brochures online are the many options in folding , size , speed and quantity .
A local brochure printing service is usually 3 - 4 times more expensive .
If you 've tried to order brochures online or locally before , you know what we mean .
A set of 1,000 trifold brochures at a local Kinko's , Staples or OfficeMax could run you $ 800 and they print in a low quality digital format .
You do not want that .
With Blockbuster Print.com we charge around $ 150 for 1,000 trifold brochures online .
Choose a size of your liking .
We have 11x17 , 11x14 and the most popular 8.5x11 trifold brochures online .
We guarantee satisfaction or a free set of trifold brochures will be set out to you right away .
I ’m not sure why ASP .
NET MVC was shipped without a file input type for forms .
Maybe it ’ll come in MVC 2.0 or 3.0 .
Meanwhile , I created one .
I spent two or three hours trying to figure out how to go from Object to IDictionary < String , Object > to follow the same ASP .
NET MVC style where you have methods like :
TextBox ( HtmlHelper , String , Object , IDictionary ) ; TextBox ( HtmlHelper , String , Object , Object ) ;
which are essentially the same .
The last argument is a dictionary of extra HTML attributes , like style = ” float : left ; ” .
The good thing about accepting Object
Is that you can call it this way :
Html.TextBox ( " email " , new { style = " float : left ; " })
which is very handy for forms .
The bad thing is that it is a pain in the ass to do that hocus pocus in C# using reflection .
Thankfully ASP.NET MVC is open source .
I downloaded the source and after 15 minutes I got it working nicely ( and without manually using reflection ) .
Use the source Luke !
In a recent episode of Hansel Minutes podcast someone argued what was the value of releasing the code of ASP .
NET MVC at all .
Well , this is the value .
You help developers , you build a better developing community .
Without further ado , here ’s the code :
public static class HtmlHelperExtensions { /// < summary > ///
Returns a file input element by using the specified HTML helper and the name of the form field .
/// </summary > /// < param name = " htmlHelper " > The HTML helper instance that this method extends .</ param > /// < param name = " name " >
The name of the form field and the < see cref= " member " >
System.Web.Mvc.ViewDataDictionary</see>
key that is used to look up the validation errors .</ param > /// < returns >
An input element that has its type attribute set to " file " . </ returns > public static string FileBox ( this HtmlHelper htmlHelper , string name ) { return htmlHelper .
FileBox ( name , ( object ) null ) ; } /// < summary > ///
Returns a file input element by using the specified HTML helper , the name of the form field , and the HTML attributes .
/// </summary > /// < param name = " htmlHelper " > The HTML helper instance that this method extends .</ param > /// < param name = " name " >
The name of the form field and the < see cref= " member " >
System.Web.Mvc.ViewDataDictionary</see>
key that is used to look up the validation errors .</ param > /// < param name = " htmlAttributes " >
An object that contains the HTML attributes for the element .
The attributes are retrieved through reflection by examining the properties of the object .
The object is typically created by using object initializer syntax .</ param > /// < returns >
An input element that has its type attribute set to " file " .</ returns > public static string FileBox ( this HtmlHelper htmlHelper , string name , object htmlAttributes ) { return htmlHelper.
FileBox ( name , new RouteValueDictionary ( htmlAttributes ) ) ; } /// < summary > ///
Returns a file input element by using the specified HTML helper , the name of the form field , and the HTML attributes .
/// </summary > /// < param name = " htmlHelper " > The HTML helper instance that this method extends .</ param > /// < param name = " name " >
The name of the form field and the < see cref= " member " >
System.Web.Mvc.ViewDataDictionary</see>
key that is used to look up the validation errors .</ param > /// < param name = " htmlAttributes " >
An object that contains the HTML attributes for the element .
The attributes are retrieved through reflection by examining the properties of the object .
The object is typically created by using object initializer syntax .</ param > /// < returns >
An input element that has its type attribute set to " file " .</ returns > public static string FileBox ( this HtmlHelper htmlHelper , string name , IDictionary < String , Object > htmlAttributes ) { var tagBuilder = new TagBuilder ( " input " ) ; tagBuilder.MergeAttributes( htmlAttributes ) ; tagBuilder .
MergeAttribute ( " type " , " file " , true ) ; tagBuilder .
MergeAttribute ( " name " , name , true ) ; tagBuilder.
GenerateId( name ) ; ModelState modelState ; if ( htmlHelper.ViewData.ModelState.TryGetValue(name , out modelState ) ) { if ( modelState .
Errors .
Count >
0 ) { tagBuilder .
AddCssClass( HtmlHelper.ValidationInputCssClassName ) ; } } return tagBuilder .
ToString( TagRenderMode.SelfClosing ) ; } }
Reviewed by Daniel Magliola .
Thank you !
Apparently , some Republicans were all atwitter yesterday because Nancy Pelosi said it was " un-American " to disrupt town hall meetings .
They even charged her with calling the protestors themselves " un-American . "
So , by the same logic , it 's plain as day that Johnny Isakson , conservative icon of the American South , just called Sarah Palin " nuts . "
It 's right there on paper .
How someone could take an end of life directive or a living will as that is nuts .
Here 's another key quote .
Says Isakson :
This was thoroughly debated in the Senate committee .
It 's voluntary .
Every state in America has an end of life directive or durable power of attorney provision .
For the peace of mind of your children and your spouse as well as the comfort of knowing the government wo n't make these decisions , it 's a very popular thing .
Just not everybody 's aware of it .
Every state , huh ?
I suppose that includes Alaska ?
I did n't check .
If so , was Sarah Palin 's administration " downright evil , " too ?
What kind of " death panel " did she oversee ?
What a nutjob she is .
And you can quote me . ;-)
UPDATE 1 :
Per BentLiberal in the comments , Alaska does in fact have an end - of - life directive , which apparently Sarah Palin did not overturn during her ( very brief ) tenure as governor .
How could she subject her children -- you know , the ones she never uses as political props -- to such hostile treatment ?
It 's downright evil .
Also .
UPDATE 2 :
In the comments , " CA Berkeley WV " clarifies that Isakson 's amendment in the HELP bill markup was actually rejected because it went too far , requiring these consultations instead of merely reimbursing for them .
From columnist Connie Schultz :
The bipartisan effort 's relevant section would require Medicare to cover the cost of voluntary end - of - life counseling sessions with a medical professional .
The doctor would not be forced to bring it up , nor would the patient .
In fact , an earlier version from Republican Sen.
Johnny Isakson was rejected because it would have required an end - of - life consultation before a patient qualified for Medicare .
TAKE ACTION :
July 27 , 2009
A Modular Robot That Puts Itself Back Together Again
Modular robots are made of small , independent components that can be replicated and combined in different ways .
The History Channel recently replied to a complaint of mine .
This is it :
Rate this :
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
( CNN ) -- Craig Bellamy is under investigation by the English Football Association over his confrontation with a fan at the end of the Manchester derby at Old Trafford on Sunday .
Bellamy celebrates his late equalizer but it all turned sour minutes later .
Bellamy , who scored two superb goals for City , including their third equalizer on the stroke of full - time , was left distraught as United scored an injury - time winner through Michael Owen .
As the final whistle blew , a fan invaded the pitch , to be tackled by stewards .
He appeared to taunt Bellamy , who walked in his direction and shoved a hand in his face , all captured by television cameras .
An FA spokesman said on Monday : " We are investigating the incident and we will be looking at the referee 's match report . "
A decision on whether to charge Bellamy will be made in the next 24 hours and he is also under investigation by Greater Manchester police over the incident .
Manchester United could also be in trouble after City substitute Javier Garrido was struck on the head by a coin as he headed down the tunnel at half - time .
Sunday 's hotly - contested English Premier League matches were full of incident and controversy and Blackburn player El Hadji Diouf is also being investigated by the FA and the police over an altercation with a ball boy in their 3 - 0 defeat at Everton .
Diouf was interviewed by police in a private room at Goodison Park an hour after yesterday 's match after allegedly using racist abuse towards the ball boy .
An FA spokesman added : " We are aware of the incident and are awaiting reports from the match official .
We will also be speaking with the police to establish what their inquiries are in the matter . "
Add to Scrapbook Old Faithful entertains tourists , Yellowstone National Park , 1884
America 's national parks are a treasure house of nature 's superlatives – 84 million acres of the most stunning landscapes anyone has ever seen .
They became the last refuge for magnificent species of animals that otherwise would have vanished forever ; today , they remain a refuge for human beings seeking to replenish their spirit .
The national parks embody a radical idea , as uniquely American as the Declaration of Independence , born in the United States nearly a century after its creation .
It is a truly democratic idea , that the magnificent natural wonders of the land should be available not to a privileged few , but to everyone .
The idea has been constantly debated , constantly tested and is constantly evolving , ultimately embracing places that also preserve the nation 's first principles , its highest aspirations , its greatest sacrifices – even reminders of its most shameful mistakes .
Most of all , the story of the national parks is the story of people from every conceivable background who were willing to devote themselves to saving a portion of the land they loved .
Add to Scrapbook Three Brothers , Yosemite National Park , circa 1861 , Carleton Watkins photograph
The " Discovery " of Yosemite
It was the discovery of Yosemite , a place of awe - inspiring beauty , in 1851 , that would set into motion events that would lead to legislation protecting and preserving the land for future generations .
The first white men to enter the Yosemite Valley were members of an armed battalion whose aim was to search for Indians and drive them from their homeland .
One man in their party , a young doctor named Lafayette Bunnell , was so struck by the astonishing beauty of the place that he suggested that they give it a name .
Mistakenly believing that it was the name of the Indian tribe living there , he decided to call it " Yosemite . "
( See sidebar )
Add to Scrapbook James Mason Hutchings and tourists , Yosemite National Park , circa 1885
Four years later , in 1855 , a second group of white people led by James Mason Hutchings entered Yosemite Valley with the help of two Indian guides .
Hutchings , an Englishman who had failed miserably at his gold prospecting endeavors , hoped to make a fortune by promoting California 's scenic wonders and running a tourist hotel in the valley .
The Land Endangered
In 1859 , Hutchings visited Yosemite again , this time bringing with him a photographer .
As other writers and artists traveled to the valley , word – and images – of Yosemite quickly spread , drawing more tourists eager to see the beauty for themselves .
When Horace Greeley , editor of the New York Tribune , saw the giant sequoias , he wrote : " If the village of Mariposa , the county , or the state of California does not immediately provide for the safety of these trees , I shall deeply deplore [ it ] .... I am sure they will be more prized and treasured a thousand years hence than now , should they , by extreme care and caution , be preserved so long ... "
Add to Scrapbook Painting of George Catlin by William Fiske , 1849
Add to Scrapbook Near Table Rock , Niagara Falls , circa 1860
The designer of New York City 's Central Park , Frederick Law Olmsted , wrote of Yosemite that it was " the greatest glory of nature ... the union of the deepest sublimity with the deepest beauty . "
But it was all in danger , as the nation marched inexorably across the continent , systematically dispossessing Indian peoples of their homelands and putting the land to new uses .
Back in 1832 , the artist George Catlin , worried that the vast herds of buffalo and the Indians who depended on them would some day be gone forever , called for the creation of " a nation 's park " to save them both .
No one listened .
By the 1860s , the country 's most famous natural landmark , Niagara Falls , had already been nearly ruined .
Every overlook was owned by a private landowner charging a fee .
If nothing was done , Yosemite was sure to end up the same way .
Continued on page 2
A study from NPD tells us some interesting facts about Mac owners in the USA , highlights include :
* 85 % of Mac owners also own a PC
* 72 % of Mac owners use a notebook / laptop
* 66 % of Mac owners own three or more computers
* 63 % of Mac owners own an iPod
* 49 % of Mac owners own a navigation device ( GPS , but is iPhone included ? )
* 36 % of Mac owning households report incomes over $ 100,000
* 32 % of Mac owners have a Digital SLR camera
* 28 % of Mac owners have an iPod Touch
* 20 % of Mac owners have a Flash - Memory Camcorder
* 18 % of Mac owners have a 50 ″ or greater LCD TV
* Average Mac owners have 48 consumer electronic devices , vs 24 for the average Windows PC user
* Mac ownership / marketshare is up to 12 % in the USA , from 8 % last year
NPD goes on to surmise that the purchasing decisions of Apple / Mac owners are a significant indicator of trending popular products and adoption trends .
NPD via TheAppleBlog.com
Obama ’s speech to students results in many children now claiming : “ Communism is the best ! ! ”
September 8 , 2009
Right wing ’s irrational fears of Obama turning their kids into socialists realized
WASHINGTON D.C. , – President Obama planned on giving the nation ’s students a little pep talk on their first day of school today .
However , news of the speech riled the feathers of many right wing pundits who viewed the speech as an effort by the President to indoctrinate the nation ’s students into socialism .
Some parents saw Obama ’s speech as such a threat that they kept their children home today , and others requested their children be excluded from viewing the President ’s speech .
The outrage and protest amongst these parents was not enough to derail the speech , which went off without a hitch as the majority of the nation ’s students viewed the President ’s address .
The President ’s speech focused on creating a responsibility amongst students for their own education , and did not contain anything in the way of proclaiming socialist or communist ideals .
Despite the speech ’s complete lack of political agenda , the immediate impact of the speech was nothing short of shocking , as now an overwhelming number of the nation ’s students are self - proclaimed communists .
The results of the speech could be found in speaking with area school children immediately after the airing of the President ’s speech .
One area second grader , Timmy Goldstein exalted , “ from each , according to his ability ; to each , according to his needs . ”
Another area first grader Stacy Davidson stated , ” we the proletariat , will be victorious in overthrowing the bourgeoisie . ”
Comments like these have become commonplace in schools throughout the nation .
One area school even reported that a kindergarten class turned to violent protest over their right to use only red colored crayons for a coloring assignment in which they were asked to color an ocean scene .
Such statements and behavior have left everyone from school teachers and principals , to administration members scratching their heads in disbelief .
One area vice - principal said , “ I have no idea how these kids have grasped such a complicated idea like communism from just viewing Obama ’s speech , ” and added “ especially since many of them could n’t even recite the alphabet earlier this morning . ”
Parents are equally dumbfounded , as one area parent told Unreasonably Safe Observer – “ I do n’t know how the President ’s speech resulted in my kid telling me he is ‘ refusing to be enslaved by the capitalistic shackles of his allowance ’ and will not do his house chores until we conform to his communistic ideals . ”
Obama could not be reached for a comment , but is expected to hold a press conference later on today to address the members of his newly formed kids - for - communism party .
Other recent assortment of words and letters …
Surprised Obama awarded NBA Rookie of the Year Honors
Joe Biden really proud of Obama ’s much improved penmanship
Tampa man ’s “ proof ” of Beck ’s innocence in rape case : DEBUNKED !!
Did Glenn
Beck rape a woman in 1990 ?
Answered !!
Well sort of …
20 Stupidest Protester Signs
Glenn Beck ’s crappy new sponsors
Awesomest Obama Paintings Ever
Glenn Beck ’s AA sponsor decides to drop him too , but not because he ’s a racist
Rush Limbaugh warns Jay -Z : Obama is after your penis
Regis Philbin Among Applicants For Obama Death Czar Job
By Ross Rosenfeld and Ronald Pecorry
( ACPA - Washington , DC )
In a news conference yesterday , Press Secretary Robert Gibbs announced that President Obama has compiled a short list of qualified candidates to fill the newly created position of Death Czar .
Applicants include David Duke , Napoleon Dynamite , two Somali warlords , and Regis Philbin , who is seeking a career change .
Regis joked with reporters , telling them his catchphrase will be : " No more lifelines for you , friend . "
But despite the high caliber of applicants , the front - runners in the race for the Death Czar job appear to be the nation 's health insurance companies .
Is that your Final Breath ?
" With their masterful use of numbers , " Gibbs noted , " the Insurance companies have displayed an uncanny ability to make life and death decisions .
Hiring them to decide which Americans are worth saving will reassure many Republican skeptics . "
Potential 2012 presidential candidate Newt Gingrich , spoke out against the proposal on Meet the Press : " I have nothing against letting forty - eight million Americans go uninsured .
Nor do I mind if some people have to die because insurance companies cut off their coverage for no good reason , that 's just capitalism .
But having the insurance companies on the Government payroll while they make those decisions , that 's outright socialism and we can't permit that . "
However , in a sudden change of heart , Rush Limbaugh announced on his radio show that he is now a supporter of immediate National Health Care for all , claiming " Ted Kennedy will die sooner . "
In a related story , comedian Jim Belushi is being considered for the head of Euthanasia Services .
Secretary Gibbs noted that , " Jim has been putting people to sleep for over twenty years . "
Texans against Jesus in Public Schools
Obama to read from Waffle House Menu
It ain't pretty - Reflections on Ugliness
So - called Hero Pilot Refuses to Lands Plane in Chicago River
Local Walmarts Fear Rise of Super - Walmart
or Click here for all our Satire News Stories
Thanks for visiting !
Slideshow ( 3 images )
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - Police on Monday were hunting for a killer who hid a body investigators found inside a laboratory wall and believe to be that of a Yale University graduate student who vanished last week .
The victim had been due to get married on Sunday and the discovery stunned students and faculty at the Ivy League university where the new academic year just began .
Investigators , armed with blueprints for a building secured by 75 surveillance cameras and accessible only with a university ID , found the body on Sunday after an intensive five - day search , New Haven police said .
Police have not officially identified the body but a senior official and Yale University suspect it is that of Annie Le , a 24 - year - old pharmacology student who had planned to marry her college sweetheart on Sunday and who was last seen walking into the building where she worked on Tuesday .
“ We are assuming that it is her at this time , ” assistant police chief Peter Reichard told a news conference late on Sunday , giving no further details because detectives were treating it as an ongoing homicide case .
Fellow students began dropping off flowers at a fence near the building where Le worked and a candlelight vigil was planned for Monday night .
0 Flares Twitter 0 Facebook 0 Google + 0 LinkedIn 0 Email -- Buffer 0 0 Flares ×
Heard the news about the new Google search engine , called Google Caffeine ?
This is what Google announced recently :
“ For the last several months , a large team of Googlers has been working on a secret project : a next - generation architecture for Google ’s web search .
It ’s the first step in a process that will let us push the envelope on size , indexing speed , accuracy , comprehensiveness and other dimensions .
The new infrastructure sits “ under the hood ” of Google ’s search engine , which means that most users wo n’t notice a difference in search results .
But web developers and power searchers might notice a few differences , so we ’re opening up a web developer preview to collect feedback . ”
So the new Google will be faster and more accurate .
Faster is easier to explain .
Basically performing a search will be quicker .
More accurate ?
What does that mean ?
The number of sites that Google says are using the same keyword phrase will be more accurate ?
The websites in the top 10 returns will be more accurate ?
You can ‘ play ’ and compare the current and the new Google here :
CompareCaffeine.com
I compared some of the keyword phrases I use in my blogs .
Here ’s the before and after images …
For the keyword phrase , “ blog income ” :
WeBuildYourBlog in the current Google is in position 3 ( out of 65.5 m )
And in Google Caffeine , in position : 3 ( out of 50.4 m )
So no difference to my position but you can see there is a marked difference in the number of sites that Google thinks uses the phrase “ blog income ” and it was almost 66 % faster .
Back on 5 August , WeBuildYourBlog.com was in position 5 for the phrase “ blog income ” , so my backlink strategy is working .
Another comparison for the phrase “ Article writing service ” and one of my other sites , www.thedigitalarchives.com
Current Google is in position 4 ( out of 70.9 m )
Google Caffeine , in position : 3 ( out of 16.5 m )
Again , notice the difference is speed of return of the results .
Back on August 3 , the DigitalArchives.com was in position 6 for the phrase “ article writing service ”
So , just a quick comparison and the sites and keyword phrases I checked are no worse off and one was actually better .
I ’m sure there are many more changes to be applied before Google Caffeine becomes the new Google standard but at least they are being upfront and telling us about their plans .
Hot chocolate !
The 135 mph racing car built out of recyclables and powered by vegetables and cocoa
A racing car built partly from vegetables and powered by chocolate is to make its track debut next month .
The Worldfirst - described as the greenest car of its kind - is expected to reach a top speed of 135 mph when it hits the track at Brands Hatch .
Built from recycled cars , plastic bottles and off - cuts from aeroplanes , the Formula 3 vehicle has a steering wheel made from carrot fibre and can run on biodiesel made from waste chocolate and stale wine .
Its creators at Warwick University say their invention may be green - but can reach 60 mph from a standing start in less than 2.5 seconds .
Project leader Dr Kerry Kirwan said the car was proof that ' green cars do n't have to be boring ' .
' We 'll be disappointed if it does n't do well , ' he said .
' We believe this is the greenest car in its class .
It 's the first car of its kind built from waste material , recycled material and natural materials , but it has the same performance levels and looks just like a Formula 3 racing car .
' We hope to reach out to future scientists and engineers and give them something they can get excited about and relate to . '
Most of World First 's carbon fibre bodywork started life as aviation industry scrap and plastic soft drink bottles , while the steering wheel was built from the waste of juiced carrots .
Microscopic fibres from the vegetable waste were mixed with a resin and moulded into a wheel .
Green machine :
The Worldfirst can run on 100 per cent biofuel made from fermented wine dregs and waste from chocolate factories
' It 's come out purple , but there may have been some beetroot in there , ' said Dr Kirwan , speaking at the British Festival of Science at the University of Surrey in Guildford .
' But it 's a lovely shade of purple . '
The vehicle is powered by the stripped - down 230 horse power aluminium engine taken from a 2 - litre BMW diesel .
It can run on 100 per cent biofuel made from fermented wine dregs and waste from chocolate factories .
Chocolate waste is high in fat - and converts well into ' green fuel ' , Dr Kirwan said .
Although the cockpit and chassis are conventional , they were recycled from an old Formula 3 racing car .
However , under the strict rules of motor racing , its tyres had to be made from conventional rubber , the creators say .
They claim that at least half the finished car is made from recycled material or plant waste .
When it runs on 100 per cent biodiesel , it is ' carbon neutral ' - only releasing carbon dioxide that was captured from the atmosphere in the past few years .
Despite its environmental credentials , it has already reached a top speed of around 135 mph .
Its creators say it could reach 170 mph .
It manages around 35 miles per gallon .
The car makes its debut on October 17 at Brands Hatch , where it will be competing against around 22 other more conventional Formula 3 vehicles .
World First is an attempt to show that motor racing - a sport hated by environmentalists - can be ' sustainable ' , Dr Kirwan said .
' The message is that green can be fun and sexy , ' he said .
' It 's not boring . '
The chocolate - powered car
RADIATOR
The car 's creators at Warwick University claim it is is ' carbon neutral ' - only releasing carbon dioxide captured from the atmosphere in the past few years
Coated with catalyst that destroys ground based ozone in the air - turning radiator into a ' smog eater ' .
BRAKES
Cast iron brakes allow car to brake more efficiently .
GEAR
Six speed low friction gearbox using biofuel oil .
LUBRICANT
Plant based lubricants .
ENGINE
Stripped down 230 brake horse power BMW 2 litre diesel engine converted to run on biofuel .
FUEL
Biodiesel made from fermented plants , wine dregs and chocolate waste .
SEATS
Made from flax and soya - foam filler .
WIRING
Made from recycled metal and coated with plant oil plastic .
STEERING WHEEL
Lightweight carrot fibre and resin around foam core .
BODYWORK
Recycled carbon fibre from aircraft industry cut offs and plastic bottles
SPECS
Top speed 170mph
Fuel consumption 35mpg
Acceleration 0 - 60 in 2.5 seconds .
Weight 550kg ( 86 stone )
Cost : £ 500,000
For more information visit www.worldfirstracing.co.uk
a cutsomer wished to colour his frame to recreate a musang World War II fighter plane
so we did it
I can’t find the exact model it was based on , but I think it went something like this :
edit : WE DIDN ’T BASE IT ON THIS EXACT PICTURE
THE PAINT WAS SPECIFIED BY TEH CUSTOMER
fanks
Posted : 05:40 PM ET
Amazon upset many Kindle owners when , in typical Big Brother fashion , it remotely deleted improperly distributed copies of George Orwell ’s Nineteen Eighty - Four and several other novels from private e-book readers this July .
Despite receiving a refund for the books , many Kindle owners felt their personal property had been violated .
Yesterday Amazon e-mailed customers affected by the mass deletion and offered them a free , and no doubt properly licensed , copy of any book they lost , or the option of a check for $ 30 .
Read an apology from Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and the full letter Kindle users received below .
Hello , On July 23 , 2009 , Jeff Bezos , our Founder and CEO , made the following apology to our customers : “ This is an apology for the way we previously handled illegally sold copies of 1984 and other novels on Kindle .
Our “ solution ” to the problem was stupid , thoughtless , and painfully out of line with our principles .
It is wholly self - inflicted , and we deserve the criticism we ’ve received .
We will use the scar tissue from this painful mistake to help make better decisions going forward , ones that match our mission .
With deep apology to our customers ,
Jeff Bezos
Founder & CEO
Amazon.com ”
As you were one of the customers impacted by the removal of [ title ] from your Kindle device in July of this year , we would like to offer you the option to have us re-deliver this book to your Kindle along with any annotations you made .
You will not be charged for the book .
If you do not wish to have us re-deliver the book to your Kindle , you can instead choose to receive an Amazon.com electronic gift certificate or check for $ 30 .
Please email Kindle customer support at kindle-response@amazon.com to indicate your preference .
If you prefer to receive a check , please also provide your mailing address .
We look forward to hearing from you .
Sincerely ,
The Kindle Team
Posted by : Wes Finley - Price -- CNN.com Webmaster
Filed under : books  consumer tech  DRM
Although the Times story focused on how beef is prepared for human consumption , there is a direct correlation to the inhumane conditions in which animals are kept and the prevalence of e coli .
For me , I ’d like to see changes made in all aspects of this field .
Effective antibiotics are one of our last lines of defense against food borne illnesses , but overuse of these drugs in livestock is rapidly depleting our arsenal by creating resistant strains of previously treatable bacteria .
Last week , experts at the Danish Technical Institute wrote to many Members of Congress , including me , about their country ’s experience phasing out non-therapeutic antibiotic ( NTA ) use .
Their results are dramatic and encouraging , and help refute many of the criticisms that my bill has faced .
In March , I introduced H.R. 1549 , the Preservation of Antibiotics for Medical Treatment Act ( PAMTA ) , which currently has fifty cosponsors .
This bill would ensure that we preserve the effectiveness of antibiotics for the treatment of human diseases by restricting the non-therapeutic use of antibiotics in livestock .
E. coli .
O157:H7 , the strain that caused the illnesses profiled in the New York Times , cannot be treated with antibiotics , and it offers a disturbing example of how virulent bacteria can be without the modern medicines we take for granted .
In the letter , the experts at DTI outlined their findings that for all measures , phasing out NTA had either positive or neutral affects :
The Danish swine production has increased from 18.4 millions in 1992 to 27.1 millions in 2008 ; a 47 percent increase .
Productivity increased continuously before and after NTA stop
Weaner mortality increased before and a few years after NTA stop – the rate seemed unaffected , except the first year after the ban .
Mortality has improved considerably in recent years ( management )
Weaner average daily gain decreased until and increased after NTA stop ( continuously during a decade ) .
Total antimicrobial consumption has fluctuated over time , but has in summary decreased from 100.4 to 48.9 mg / Kg pork produced ; a 51 percent reduction .
Major reductions in resistance among animal pathogens , indicator bacteria and zoonotic bacteria
Percent dead broilers in total ( mortality ) : increased until and decreased after NTA withdrawal .
Positively affected .
You can view the full letter and its findings on my site .
These results show that stopping NTA makes livestock healthier without reducing livestock ’s growth , and can even increase farmer ’s production .
Even more exciting is the finding that stopping NTA does n’t just stop the rise of resistant bacteria , it actually decreases their prevalence .
We need to rein in the unnecessary use of these drugs to reduce the prevalence of resistant bacteria and preserve the use of these important medications for when they are needed most .
I 'm working in the district today , but I 'll be sure to read your comments .
If you 're interested in more information on this issue , I recently spoke on the House floor in support of PAMTA , and wrote to President Obama urging his support .
Video of Open Source Bridge 's Configuration Management Panel
The video recording of the Open Source Bridge conference 's Configuration Management Panel has been posted .
It features a discussion between the developers of AutomateIt , Puppet , Cfengine , Chef and bcfg2 .
Watch the video ...
AutomateIt source code converted to Git and moved to GitHub
The source code for AutomateIt has been converted to the Git distributed version control system and hosted at the GitHub source code sharing site .
This switch will make it easier for contributors to track changes , create forks , and submit patches .
The Download page has been updated with new instructions and paths .
AutomateIt powers Open Source Bridge conference servers , recipes published as open source Open Source Bridge is a community organized open source conference in Portland , Oregon starting June 17 , 2009 .
Igal Koshevoy of Pragmaticraft , the company behind AutomateIt , has automated the conference 's server setup and published the source code .
The source includes a complete AutomateIt project , with a bootstrap to load the interpreter on the machine , generic " base " recipes that can be reused on other projects , custom recipes for this project , and documentation .
( Source code
David Brewer presents OSCON talk featuring AutomateIt David Brewer works at Second Story Interactive Studios where he develops websites and interactive exhibits for museums and other cultural institutions .
He was an early adopter of AutomateIt and has made major contributions to it .
He will be making a presentation at OSCON in Portland , Oregon with the title " Using Ubuntu , Virtualization , and Automation to Improve Your Web Development Workflow " at 11:35 am , Friday , 07/25/2008 .
( Presentation details )
Pragmaticraft sponsors FOSCON
Pragmaticraft , the company behind AutomateIt , is helping organize and sponsor the Portland Ruby Brigade 's fourth annual FOSCON event : " a free , fun gathering of Ruby fans held during an evening of O'Reilly 's OSCON conference with cool presentations , food , discussions , and a live coding competition . "
( Event details ) .
AutomateIt is alive and well AutomateIt is in daily use at numerous firms .
Although it 's been a while since the last update , all the key features planned for the 1.0 release are working well and no bugs have been uncovered in months .
Upcoming plans include adding support for the FreeBSD package format and providing a more generalized way to specify external programs invoked by drivers , e.g. , " ruby 1.8 " vs. " ruby " .
Pragmaticraft sponsors Ruby and OSS Evening Social Pragmaticraft , the company behind AutomateIt , helped organize and sponsor the Portland Ruby Brigade 's " Ruby and OSS Evening Social " .
The event featured Yukihiro " Matz " Matsumoto , the creator of Ruby ; members of Japanese , Oregon - based organizations that use and contribute to Ruby and open source ; and over 50 members of the Portland Ruby Brigade ( details ) .
AutomateIt manages packages with Perl 's CPAN , PHP's PEAR and PECL , and others AutomateIt provides a common interface for installing , uninstalling and querying software packages .
Version 0.71220 manages packages with : Debian / Ubuntu APT and DPKG , Fedora / CentOS / RedHat YUM and RPM , Gentoo Portage , Ruby Gem , Python Egg , PHP PEAR and PECL ( thanks to David Brewer 's driver ) , and now Perl 's CPAN ( thanks to Jesse Hallett 's research ) .
AutomateIt resolves installation problems due to changes in third - party packages
If you had trouble installing AutomateIt on a new system , please install AutomateIt 0.71219 or newer .
AutomateIt relies on third - party libraries , but a few of these recently changed and broke the installer .
The new AutomateIt release features workarounds for these issues .
AutomateIt online community opens its doors AutomateIt now has its own online community .
It 's a place for developers , users and evaluators to discuss Automate
It , share best practices , request features , and report bugs at http://groups.google.com/group/automateit
AutomateIt can execute commands on groups of hosts AutomateIt 0.71103 provides an easier way to execute commands on groups of hosts using SSH .
For example , you can list Rails processes running on all hosts in the rails_servers group with : aissh -p .
rails_servers 'ps - ef | grep rails ' .
You can also continue to use the old approach of writing a shell loop over aitag if you need greater control .
AutomateIt provides basic support for all targeted OSes AutomateIt 's compatibility has been extended .
Version 0.71021 runs on all operating systems intended for the upcoming 1.0 release .
Automate
It supports 12 operating system and features 36 drivers .
Effort is underway to complete the final ~ 12 drivers ( details ) .
AutomateIt now supports the Rails 2.0 preview release AutomateIt has been updated to work with the new ActiveSupport library included with the next version of the Rails framework , and continues to work with existing versions .
Please upgrade to AutomateIt version 0.71017 or later so you can use it with the latest ActiveSupport library .
AutomateIt presentation on Tuesday , October 2nd Topic : “ Creating agile infrastructures with Automate It ” ( details )
Speaker : Igal Koshevoy , AutomateIt ’s author
Audience : Technical managers , software engineers , system administrators
When : Tuesday , October 2nd , 7pm
Where : CubeSpace , 622 SE Grand Ave , Portland OR 97214 ( directions )
AutomateIt is now easier to install The AutomateIt package is now on RubyForge , so you can install it and all its gem dependencies with a single , easy - to - type command
AutomateIt is now more user - friendly and easier to embed User - friendly error messages make it easier to fix problems in recipes and templates , these pinpoint and show the suspect code .
You can now specify packages with a more natural manifest listing that allows free - form text and comments .
Embedding the Interpreter got even simpler .
And JRuby can now run most commands .
AutomateIt expands cross-platform support AutomateIt has been ported and tested on additional platforms .
It now provides complete support for Ubuntu , Debian , Fedora , CentOS , and RedHat .
It also provides basic support for Mac OS X , Microsoft Windows , Gentoo , and FreeBSD .
Getting hideously drunk at a dinner party and embarrassing yourself is certainly nothing new .
As far back as the 9th Century , the beautifully named ‘ Dunhuang Bureau of Etiquette ’ insisted that local officials use the following letter template ( dated 856 ) when sending apologies to offended dinner hosts .
The guilty party would copy the template text , enter the dinner host ’s name , sign the letter and then deliver with head bowed .
The letter was discovered , alongside thousands of other documents , in a sealed cave library in western China .
To read more – and I suggest you do – visit the incredible International Dunhuang Project .
The entire scroll , filled with Form Letters adapted for various situations , can be seen here .
Translation follows .
Recommended reading : Cave Temples of Mogao : Art and History on the Silk Road .
Source
Translated Transcript Yesterday , having drunk too much , I was intoxicated as to pass all bounds ; but none of the rude and coarse language I used was uttered in a conscious state .
The next morning , after hearing others speak on the subject , I realised what had happened , whereupon I was overwhelmed with confusion and ready to sink into the earth with shame .
If the Brazilian Grand Prix this weekend is half as exciting as the one we had last year , it ’ll be a race to remember .
Although we ’re unlikely to see an exciting conclusion to the championship on Sunday , anyone rooting for a down - to - the - wire title battle will be hoping for a home win for Rubens Barrichello or for Sebastian Vettel to repeat his dominant Suzuka performance .
The title looks like a long shot for anyone who is n’t Jenson Button .
But we ’ve seen bigger upsets in the past at Interlagos .
People talking about protecting ‘ F1 ’s traditional races in Europe ’ – but if Interlagos disappeared off the calendar I ’d be just as sad as if Monaco , Monza , Spa or Silverstone got the chop .
But it seems Interlagos is here to stay and that ’s a great thing because it has character , history , wildly enthusiastic fans and a corker of a track .
KERS and tyres
Looking ahead to the race , the tyre situation could be especially important .
As at Suzuka , the compounds will be two ‘ stages ’ apart , but this time they will be softer : drivers will have the medium and the super - soft tyres to use .
With several quick bends on the Interlagos circuit and the potential for high temperatures , the super - soft tyres will take quite a pounding .
Although we ’re unlikely to see the kind of extreme swings in performance we saw earlier in the season , keep an eye out for which teams struggle to get a decent stint length out of these tyres .
Another major differentiator of performance at Interlagos could be KERS .
Renault are expected to bring their system back for the race , and McLaren and Ferrari will have it as usual .
KERS should make the biggest difference in the first and third sectors – especially the latter , where the cars have the long , uphill acceleration zone out of Juncao towards the start / finish straight .
On paper , this looks like a track best suited to the likes of McLaren and Brawn .
The Red Bulls have thrived on tracks with lots of high - speed corners , which Interlagos is a bit short on .
However Mark Webber was able to test their Interlagos - specification front wing at Suzuka , which should at least give them a head start on their setup .
Opportunity for Barrichello
For Barrichello , this is a precious opportunity for him to finally win his home Grand Prix after 16 attempts , some of them thwarted by the most cruel misfortune .
In 1999 his engine failed while racing in the top three for Stewart .
Two years later , now driving for Ferrari , his car broke down on the way to the starting grid .
He had to run back to the pits – in 35C heat – and take over Michael Schumacher ’s spare car .
Two laps in , he slammed into the back of Ralf Schumacher ’s Williams , putting them both out .
In the chaotic 2003 race Barrichello finally looked on course to win after taking the lead – until he ran out of fuel .
Barrichello may be good friends with Felipe Massa .
But we can only imagine his frustration at seeing the man who replaced him at Ferrari winning the race twice in the past three years , becoming the first Brazilian since Ayrton Senna to do so .
But while Barrichello goes all - out for the win , Button knows all he needs to do is shadow his team mate and the title will almost certainly be his .
Though all the focus will be on the championship contenders , Kamui Kobayashi will become the fifth driver to make his Formula 1 debut this year .
He ’s had more mileage in a 2009 - spec car than most teams ’ third drivers have – but how will he cope ?
Drivers to watch
Lewis Hamilton –
On paper , the early favourite for victory .
Rubens Barrichello – A home win plus a Button DNF would be a fairytale finish for Barrichello this weekend .
Particularly as Massa will be waving the chequered flag .
Kamui Kobayashi –
This could be one of the toughest years ever to be a rookie F1 driver .
Kobayashi has had some practice in the TF109 , but his two season in GP2 were pretty poor .
Giancarlo Fisichella – Badly needs to start scoring points if Ferrari are going to achieve their target of beating McLaren to third place in the constructors ’ championship .
Read more : Aut ?�?? dromo Jos ?�?�
Carlos Pace , Interlagos ?����ǣ Circuit information
Eine neue Studie belegt ein deutlich erhöhtes Krebsrisiko für Kinder und Jugendliche im Umfeld von Atomkraftwerken .
Berlin / Hannover .
Kaum mehr als drei Wochen vor der Bundestagswahl wird damit die Diskussion über den künftigen Umgang mit Kernkraft noch einmal angeheizt .
Der Epidemiologe Eberhard Greiser hat im Auftrag der Grünen Zahlen zu Leukämieerkrankungen im Umfeld von über 80 Atommeilern in fünf Ländern gesammelt .
Resultat : Bei Säuglingen und Kleinkindern bis zu fünf Jahren liegt im Umkreis von 20 bis 50 Kilometern die Zahl der Erkrankungen um 19 Prozent über dem Durchschnitt , bei Kindern bis 15 Jahren um 13 Prozent .
In Deutschland wird diese Frage vor allem wegen der auffällig großen Zahl von Leukämie - Erkrankungen im Umfeld des Reaktors Krümmel kontrovers diskutiert .
Die Forderung , diesen Reaktor nicht wieder ans Netz zu lassen , wurde durch die Pannenserie der vergangenen Jahre noch lauter .
Thema wird die Studie über die Leukämiefälle auch an diesem Sonnabend bei der Großdemonstration der Kernkraftkritiker in Berlin sein .
Slogan dabei : " Mal richtig abschalten " .
Zu der Kundgebung sind Gegner des geplanten Endlagers für hoch radioaktiven Müll in Gorleben im Wendland mit rund 300 Traktoren Anfang der Woche bereits aufgebrochen und nach Besuchen der Endlager Asse und Morsleben inzwischen in Berlin eingetroffen .
Insgesamt rufen rund 100 Organisationen zur Teilnahme auf .
SPD - Kanzlerkandidat Frank - Walter Steinmeier attackierte bereits am Freitag CDU und FDP .
Deren Pläne für längere Laufzeiten der Atomreaktoren und ihr Festhalten an einem Endlager Gorleben führten das Land " in eine energiepolitische Sackgasse und gefährden die innere Sicherheit " .
Steinmeier warnte , ein Zurück zur Atomkraft verlangsame den notwendigen Umstieg auf erneuerbare Energie und provoziere einen " gesellschaftlichen Großkonflikt " .
In Niedersachsen haben sich führende Gewerkschaftler von IG Metall und Ver.di einer neuen Allianz gegen Atomkraft mit Politikern wie dem SPD - Fraktionschef im Landtag , Wolfgang Jüttner , und der grünen Bundestagsabgeordneten Brigitte Pothmer angeschlossen .
Mit Blick auf Gorleben , das marode Endlager Asse und das fast fertige Endlager Schacht Konrad sagte IG - Metall - Chef Hartmut Meine : " Wir wollen nicht länger das Atomklo der Republik sein . "
Nicht dabei ist die IG Bergbau , Chemie und Energie , deren Mitglieder die Mitarbeiter der Energiekonzerne sind .
The St. Louis Blues added experience to their young defensive corps on Friday by signing veteran defenseman Darryl Sydor , a two - time Stanley Cup winner , to a one - year contract .
Darryl Sydor is a true professional in our game , " team president John Davidson said .
" He 's a proven winner who brings valuable leadership to our blue line and will be a positive mentor for our younger defensemen .
" Sydor has played for five NHL clubs during his 18 NHL seasons .
He started 2008 - 09 with the Pittsburgh Penguins , but was traded to the Dallas Stars early in the season and finished with 3 goals , 12 assists and 18 penalty minutes in 73 games .
The 37 - year - old is a two - time All - Star and won the Stanley Cup with Dallas in 1999 and Tampa Bay in 2004 .
In 1,244 regular - season games , he has 98 goals and 401 assists for 409 points , along with 710 PIM .
As I was sitting in my doctor 's office waiting to see my physician , I noticed a bunch of loud yells being exchanged .
It was n't really a yell as much as it was a grunt .
Anyway , I peaked my head out of the room seeing if there was a patient in distress or something causing the disturbance until I realized the tiny television on the wall behind me with a Wimbledon match going on .
It was Serena Williams against Victoria Azarenka in the quarterfinals .
I waited longer and the high - pitched " ughs " and " ahhs " got more annoying and ingrained in my skull .
Unfortunately , I could n't find a remote or reach the TV to mute the damn thing .
Are these grunts really necessary ?
No .
Yelling really loud does n't make you sound intimidating nor does it make you hit the ball harder .
It 's annoying .
I 'd rather listen to 80,000 South Africans blow air horns for a 90 - minute soccer match ( which I did all of this past Confederations Cup ) than hear a pair of 17 - year - old Russians yelping like a dog that got its foot stepped on .
Just like with the vuvuzela , players , media and fans are speaking out about grunting in tennis .
I think the grunting and shrills are as distracting and annoying to viewers as they are to opponents on Centre Court .
It 's one of the reasons I do n't watch tennis .
If there 's anything better than a home made Boba Fett costume , it has to be this Lego Boba Fett costume .
This little kid will be one of the most popular and happiest kids next Halloween , as his face shows :
These photos were sent by his dad , Gizmodo reader Brad Methvin :
The scale came out perfect because minifigs are 40 mm .
My son is 40 inches .
I originally made this for Halloween , but DragonCon was do - able so , I rushed to finish so my 3 - yr old would be ready for the parade .
I was actually finishing it on the MARTA ( Atlanta Rapid Transit ) .
When we arrived but he saw Darth Vader , all bets were off .
He was not going near the parade or any Star Wars characters .
I had to carry all the costume parts all over downtown Atlanta until we made it back home , where he asked me if he could put on his costume .
( ahh being a parent ) His 8 - year old brother , ( who I SHOULD have begun with ) will be getting a Jango costume on a larger scale for Halloween .
I 'll send it when I get it done .
Advertisement
Yes , Brad is probably the coolest dad on his block .
Probably the whole city , and half of the US too .
This one beats the AT - AT couple costume — although not on dorkiness .
[ Thanks Brad ]
press release from Vote Hemp
Hemp Seizure in Capitol Underscores Confusion Over Cannabis
Hemp Industry Seeks Beer Summit with Capitol Police
WASHINGTON , DC -- Vote Hemp legislative assistant Ben Droz was shocked when Capitol Police seized his samples of industrial hemp fiber that he needed for a scheduled presentation to congressional staffers .
Police refused to release the fiber after the search , while saying they knew it had no drug value and was " just hemp . "
The group of officers decided they needed to confiscate all the hemp seeds because no food was allowed , but the hemp fiber was also seized even though it is not food .
" I just want to throw this out , " said one officer , who ultimately did .
Mr. Droz explained to police that the items were being used to illustrate the environmental properties of hemp .
" This is just another example of the confusion between Industrial Hemp , an important crop for farmers across the country , and marijuana , a distant cousin also from the Cannabis family . "
The United States is the only developed country that does not recognize the distinction between the two varieties .
Mr. Droz admits , " I gave up the hemp to police , fearing arrest at the time , and now feel compelled to raise this issue so it does not happen again because I carry hemp every time I visit the US Capitol . "
" The fact that this level of confusion among law enforcement still exists today is exactly why federal policy on hemp needs to change , " says Vote Hemp President Eric Steenstra .
" We hope for the return of Vote Hemp 's property , an apology , and perhaps , a Capitol Hill beer summit or Congressional hearings to discuss our differences with the Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) . "
Hemp products have been subject to confusion in the past .
In 2002 , the DEA attempted to ban imports on hemp foods , despite the growing recognition of its value to farmers and consumers .
Vote Hemp , the Hemp Industries Association , and several US and Canadian companies , successfully challenged the DEA in a lawsuit calling the ban unwarranted and illegal .
Since this ban was lifted , the hemp industry has grown substantially every year .
Last year alone , grocery store sales of hemp food products grew over 40 % .
Since 2005 , the Industrial Hemp Farming Act ( H.R. 1866 ) and its predecessors have waiting for a hearing in the House , but it 's been tabled the entire time .
The bill has a dozen bipartisan cosponsors , and allows states like Oregon ( as of Jan. 2010 ) , Maine , Vermont , North Dakota , Montana ( and many others ) to grow hemp based on State laws .
Sixteen states have already passed legislation , and many , like the ones listed above , are simply waiting for the federal ban to be lifted once again .
Mr. Droz has been working with Vote Hemp in order to raise congressional awareness about this marginalized issue .
The growing market proves the case of hemp .
Food sales have grown every year since the ban was lifted .
Other parts of the hemp plant , such as those confiscated from Droz , can be used to make any number of consumer products , while all jobs generate from the industry could be as green collar jobs .
Despite a growing global industry , US farmers are still unable to grow hemp .
All hemp in the US must be imported from other countries to be either processed or sold here .
" It 's ironic that the very items I was using to clear up confusion , became the subject of contraband and were confiscated , " Mr. Droz commented after the incident .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
President Barack Obama spoke to the U.N. General Assembly on the morning of Sept. 22 , as part of the U.N. Summit on Climate Change .
Here are his remarks ( and video is embedded below ) :
U.N. WebcastGood morning .
I want to thank the Secretary - General for organizing this summit , and all the leaders who are participating .
That so many of us are here today is a recognition that the threat from climate change is serious , it is urgent , and it is growing .
Our generation ’s response to this challenge will be judged by history , for if we fail to meet it — boldly , swiftly , and together — we risk consigning future generations to an irreversible catastrophe .
No nation , however large or small , wealthy or poor , can escape the impact of climate change .
Rising sea levels threaten every coastline .
More powerful storms and floods threaten every continent .
More frequent drought and crop failures breed hunger and conflict in places where hunger and conflict already thrive .
On shrinking islands , families are already being forced to flee their homes as climate refugees .
The security and stability of each nation and all peoples — our prosperity , our health , our safety — are in jeopardy .
And the time we have to reverse this tide is running out .
And yet , we can reverse it .
John F. Kennedy once observed that , “ Our problems are man-made , therefore they may be solved by man . ”
It is true that for too many years , mankind has been slow to respond to or even recognize the magnitude of the climate threat .
It is true of my own country as well .
We recognize that .
But this is a new day .
It is a new era .
And I am proud to say that the United States has done more to promote clean energy and reduce carbon pollution in the last eight months than at any other time in our history .
We ’re making our government ’s largest ever investment in renewable energy — an investment aimed at doubling the generating capacity from wind and other renewable resources in three years .
Across America , entrepreneurs are constructing wind turbines and solar panels and batteries for hybrid cars with the help of loan guarantees and tax credits — projects that are creating new jobs and new industries .
We ’re investing billions to cut energy waste in our homes , buildings , and appliances — helping American families save money on energy bills in the process .
We ’ve proposed the very first national policy aimed at both increasing fuel economy and reducing greenhouse gas pollution for all new cars and trucks — a standard that will also save consumers money and our nation oil .
We ’re moving forward with our nation ’s first offshore wind energy projects .
We ’re investing billions to capture carbon pollution so that we can clean up our coal plants .
Just this week , we announced that for the first time ever , we ’ll begin tracking how much greenhouse gas pollution is being emitted throughout the country .
Later this week , I will work with my colleagues at the G20 to phase out fossil fuel subsidies so that we can better address our climate challenge .
And already , we know that the recent drop in overall U.S. emissions is due in part to steps that promote greater efficiency and greater use of renewable energy .
Most importantly , the House of Representatives passed an energy and climate bill in June that would finally make clean energy the profitable kind of energy for American businesses and dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
One committee has already acted on this bill in the Senate and I look forward to engaging with others as we move forward .
Because no one nation can meet this challenge alone , the United States has also engaged more allies and partners in finding a solution than ever before .
In April , we convened the first of what have now been six meetings of the Major Economies Forum on Energy and Climate here in the United States .
In Trinidad , I proposed an Energy and Climate Partnership for the Americas .
We ’ve worked through the World Bank to promote renewable energy projects and technologies in the developing world .
And we have put climate at the top of our diplomatic agenda when it comes to our relationships with countries from China to Brazil ; India to Mexico ; Africa to Europe .
Taken together , these steps represent an historic recognition on behalf of the American people and their government .
We understand the gravity of the climate threat .
We are determined to act .
And we will meet our responsibility to future generations .
But though many of our nations have taken bold actions and share in this determination , we did not come here today to celebrate progress .
We came because there is so much more progress to be made .
We came because there is so much more work to be done .
It is work that will not be easy .
As we head towards Copenhagen , there should be no illusions that the hardest part of our journey is in front of us .
We seek sweeping but necessary change in the midst of a global recession , where every nation ’s most immediate priority is reviving their economy and putting their people back to work .
And so all of us will face doubts and difficulties in our own capitals as we try to reach a lasting solution to the climate challenge .
But difficulty is no excuse for complacency .
Unease is no excuse for inaction .
And we must not allow the perfect to become the enemy of progress .
Each of us must do what we can when we can to grow our economies without endangering our planet — and we must all do it together .
We must seize the opportunity to make Copenhagen a significant step forward in the global fight against climate change .
We also cannot allow the old divisions that have characterized the climate debate for so many years to block our progress .
Yes , the developed nations that caused much of the damage to our climate over the last century still have a responsibility to lead .
And we will continue to do so — by investing in renewable energy , promoting greater efficiency , and slashing our emissions to reach the targets we set for 2020 and our long - term goal for 2050 .
But those rapidly - growing developing nations that will produce nearly all the growth in global carbon emissions in the decades ahead must do their part as well .
Some of these nations have already made great strides with the development and deployment of clean energy .
Still , they will need to commit to strong measures at home and agree to stand behind those commitments just as the developed nations must stand behind their own .
We cannot meet this challenge unless all the largest emitters of greenhouse gas pollution act together .
There is no other way .
We must also energize our efforts to put other developing nations — especially the poorest and most vulnerable — on a path to sustainable growth .
These nations do not have the same resources to combat climate change as countries like the United States or China do , but they have the most immediate stake in a solution .
For these are the nations that are already living with the unfolding effects of a warming planet — famine and drought ; disappearing coastal villages and the conflict that arises from scarce resources .
Their future is no longer a choice between a growing economy and a cleaner planet , because their survival depends on both .
It will do little good to alleviate poverty if you can no longer harvest your crops or find drinkable water .
That is why we have a responsibility to provide the financial and technical assistance needed to help these nations adapt to the impacts of climate change and pursue low - carbon development .
What we are seeking , after all , is not simply an agreement to limit greenhouse gas emissions .
We seek an agreement that will allow all nations to grow and raise living standards without endangering the planet .
By developing and disseminating clean technology and sharing our know - how , we can help developing nations leap - frog dirty energy technologies and reduce dangerous emissions .
As we meet here today , the good news is that after too many years of inaction and denial , there is finally widespread recognition of the urgency of the challenge before us .
We know what needs to be done .
We know that our planet ’s future depends on a global commitment to permanently reduce greenhouse gas pollution .
We know that if we put the right rules and incentives in place , we will unleash the creative power of our best scientists , engineers , and entrepreneurs to build a better world .
And so many nations have already taken the first steps on the journey towards that goal .
But the journey is long .
The journey is hard .
And we do n’t have much time left to make it .
It is a journey that will require each of us to persevere through setback , and fight for every inch of progress , even when it comes in fits and starts .
So let us begin .
For if we are flexible and pragmatic ; if we can resolve to work tirelessly in common effort , then we will achieve our common purpose : a world that is safer , cleaner , and healthier than the one we found ; and a future that is worthy of our children .
Thank you .
Watch the video :
The " unprecedented " fall in the advertising market and hefty impairment charges sent the Daily Mail 's parent company to a first - half loss , it reported yesterday .
The group responded by upping its cost - cutting targets and revealed it had axed 500 more jobs .
Daily Mail & General Trust ( DMGT ) announced it had swung to a £ 239 m pre-tax loss in the six months to 29 March , from a £ 23 m profit in the corresponding period last year .
The publisher was hit by impairment charges of £ 232 m , as it was forced to write down the value of assets bought by its regional , business and radio arms , following the onset of the recession .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Stripping out the exceptional charges , pre-tax profits at DMGT almost halved to £ 77 m in the first half , down from £ 144 m the previous year .
It blamed the worsening trading conditions for the performance .
Its chief executive , Martin Morgan , said yesterday : " The overall first - half result has been badly affected by the impact of the recession on our consumer media advertising revenues . "
The outlook for the year was more positive .
Viscount Rothermere , the group 's chairman , expects growth from the business - to - business arm , and added that its national newspapers should benefit from the cost- cutting programme and the sale of the London Evening Standard .
It offloaded the majority of the Standard to the Russian oligarch Alexander Lebedev in February .
DMGT was relatively confident for the rest of the year .
" Although there remains little visibility on UK advertising revenue trends , we currently expect the full - year result to be in line with the market consensus , " it said .
Mr Morgan , presenting his first half - year results since taking over in October , said the management had taken " decisive action " to maintain profits , adding the initiatives will help the group 's bottom line during the expected weak trading conditions in the second half of its financial year .
The decisive action included expanding its cost - cutting programme .
DMGT had set a target of saving £ 100 m this year , but yesterday increased that figure to £ 150 m .
The management talked of a " narrowing " of its portfolio , analysts at Numis said , and believe potential disposals would include assets in its consumer divisions .
Associated Newspapers , the division that includes the Mail titles and London Lite , suffered " significantly lower " profits due to " unprecedented trading conditions " .
Operating profit at the division fell from £ 44 m in the first half of 2008 to £ 18 m this year , as advertising was down 16 per cent .
The group sounded a note of cautious optimism over the future of the advertising market , saying that after a 23 per cent fall in the second quarter , it was down " only " 15 per cent in April and May .
Northcliffe Media , the group 's regional arm , has particularly suffered in the downturn , and it reported that profits nose - dived in the first half .
The business has suffered from the collapse in classified advertising , and profits fell 91 per cent to £ 3.2 m .
The division was helped as costs were 20 per cent lower than last year .
At its update in March , DMGT announced it had cut 1,000 jobs , predominantly at Northcliffe , double the number it had targeted just four months previously .
Yesterday it said the cuts had increased to 1,500 , although the latest departures stretched across the DMGT group , and most had already been carried out .
DMGT 's business - to - business division propped up the group in the first half of the year .
It generated 79 per cent of the operating profit , up from 53 per cent last year .
We are truly beyond the “ left of the left ” now .
Ben Smith at Politico has the scoop :
“ I am one of the millions of frustrated Americans who want to see Washington do more than it ’s doing right now , ” said Steve Hildebrand , the deputy campaign manager who oversaw the Obama campaign ’s field organization and was an architect of his early , crucial victories over Sen.
Hillary Clinton in Iowa and South Carolina .
Obama , he said , “ needs to be more bold in his leadership . ”
“ I ’m not going to just sit by the curb and let these folks get away with a lack of performance for the American people , ” he said , speaking of Washington ’s Democratic leadership as a whole .
“ I want change just as much as a majority of Americans do , and I ’m one of the many Americans who are losing patience . ”
Hildebrand is by far the most senior member of Obama ’s political team to express public doubts about the White House , though he had already begun to part ways with Obama ’s other top aides as the 2008 presidential campaign wore on ….
“ The problem is , Obama is n’t listening enough , ” Hildebrand said , according to the report .
“ I love him , I love Michelle , I want him to succeed , but all of us need to put pressure on him and Congress to do the right things .
The American people put confidence in the Democrats because they thought we could get things done , and if we fail , they ’re not going to give it back . ”
“ I gave up a lot to elect Democrats , and I expect them to give it up for me .
I ’m going to speak loudly .
The Republicans do n’t have power unless the moderates and the Blue Dogs give it to them — which is what they ’re doing now , ” he said in the speech .
Buzz Quiz World Fact Sheet
Publisher : Sony Computer Entertainment America Inc .
Developer : Relentless Software
Genre : Social Gaming / Trivia
Players : 1 - 8 Players
Platform : PLAYSTATION®3 ( PS3 ™ ) computer entertainment system and PSP ™ ( PlayStation ®Portable ) system
Peripherals : BUZZ ! wireless Buzzers for PS3
Launch Date : Holiday 2009
The BUZZ !
franchise is back and better than ever with the series ’ encore performance on the PLAYSTATION®3 computer entertainment system and the PSP ™ ( PlayStation ®Portable ) system , BUZZ !
Quiz World .
Developed by Relentless Software , BUZZ !
Quiz World provides an ultra-realistic quiz show experience , putting you and your friends in the contestants ’ seats .
BUZZ !
Quiz World for PS3 allows players to define their BUZZ !
quiz experiences exactly how they want with several new customization and personalization options .
Players can choose to play a short or long game and they can even select the round types and question topics .
BUZZ !
Quiz World for PS3 tests players ’ trivia talent with over 5,000 new questions , enhanced online multiplayer “ Sofa vs. Sofa ” action , and exciting new rounds and characters , all in a glitzy new TV - studio setting .
Utilizing the fun and easy - to - use BUZZ !
wireless Buzzers helps players to top off this totally immersive quiz show experience .
BUZZ !
Quiz World for PSP boasts online infrastructure support for the first time .
Now , not only are there over 3,000 new general knowledge questions in a bigger and better single player mode , players can also access MyBUZZ !
content on - the - go .
BUZZ !
Quiz World for PSP will also be supported post - launch with additional PSP - specific expansion Quiz Packs available on the PlayStation Store .
KEY PS3 FEATURES
BUZZ ! puts you at the heart of the show – With hundreds of player names to choose from to create your own personal profile , BUZZ !
now gives commentary in the game about you , your family and friends and how you ’re playing !
Make the game you want to play – Choose the rounds you want to play , the subjects you want to answer and make the game you want to play in the most customizable BUZZ !
quiz game yet .
BUZZ !
Quiz World for PS3 features over 5,000 new general knowledge questions including hundreds of pictures and videos .
New rounds and new contestant characters add more fun to your quiz .
Send your friends into the goo in the new ‘ Over the Edge ’ round , or prey on your opponent ’s knowledge in ‘ On the Spot . ’
Take on friends and family with 8 player local multiplayer quizzing .
Go online with the enhanced ‘ Sofa Vs. Sofa ’ mode and challenge the nation , or the world !
Download extra premium quiz packs exclusively from PlayStation Network and extend your quiz experience .
Create your own quizzes with MyBUZZ !
about any topic imaginable and add them to your game .
The quizzing now need never end !
Get Your BUZZ !
Face On ’ with PlayStation ®Eye support – Take pictures during your BUZZ !
games at key moments and relive your highs , lows and glorious victories !
KEY PSP FEATURES
Saturday , September 12 , 2009
Reports say that North Korea is planning a third nuclear bomb test which could take place later this month or in October .
FOX
News says the test could be performed as early as September 20 or as late as October 10 .
The report comes after Free Radio of North Korea stated that the nation 's leader , Kim Jong Il , " emphasized the importance of improvement of nuclear technologies with the aim of attracting the U.S. to direct bilateral talks . "
A group of North Korean defectors in South Korea also claim that a test is being prepared .
On August 26 , Il allegedly gave the order to military officials to build a third bomb with enriched uranium and then prepare to test it .
North Korea says that if more sanctions are placed on the country , they will test the bomb .
The country also says the test is an attempt to get the United States to take part in direct bilateral talks with the nation .
Sources
If you are being pulled for driving under the influence , it does not have to be the last drive - in months or years .
Yes , drink and driving are very dangerous , just like drug abuse and driving are dangerous .
If you are accused of using DUI , you will face some severe penalties .
You need more serious legal representatives - locals , experienced and effective DUI defense lawyers .
Work With an Experienced DUI Lawyer
Well , hiring an efficient lawyer might appear easy , yet it ’s not .
You need somebody local since you should be able to collaborate with them .
You desire a lawyer capable of handling your case , both in costs , a suitable time , and having experience in safeguarding DUI charges .
Not all DUI lawyers are equal .
Many overcharges you , some undercharge you and invest little time helping , and also , some have no interest rate in defending you to the most significant level .
You can represent yourself or use a court designated lawyer .
These are options that miss the basics : you most likely have no experience managing DUI court cases , and a court - appointed lawyer has little time to safeguard you correctly .
Be Honest with Your Lawyer
The following vital is , to be honest with your lawyer .
Anything you claim to him or her is private .
Yet if you were drinking , how much did you drink ?
If you did enter into a mishap , be clear on what exactly occurred , even composing it down .
Share any and every detail on what happened previously and after the DUI charge , even what the policeman did .
Prepare an Effective Defense
Defending DUI is not easy .
This requires time and skill .
If you hire an effective DUI lawyer , then you will help .
Even if too much evidence is not suitable for you , there are many possible defenses .
You are innocent until you prove yourself guilty .
Although this is a cliché , it is an integral part of any protection .
Question and Tests
Your lawyer ’s job is to question all that happened and typically to wonder about the credibility of any tests done .
For example , you may have a blood alcohol web content ( BAC ) reading that is barely illegal ( the BAC limit is 0.08 % , so if you ’re tested for a. 09 % , it can be cast doubt ) .
Your lawyer could also doubt the jailing policemen and any witnesses .
The BAC breathalyzer test has been cast in doubt considering its initial usage by police officers .
It ’s a complex device with room for error .
For one , there is no distinction based upon your weight or sex .
The examination does not alter if you weigh 100 extra pounds or 300 or a guy or lady .
On the other hand , blood tests are far more accurate and also consequently a lot more damning .
Limitation Charges
If you ’re straightforward with yourself and also hire an efficient lawyer , it does not always suggest you ’ll be completely cleared of charges , and also your license wo n’t be put on hold .
There is far more to a DUI charge than certificate suspensions , as penalties and even jail time can likewise be included .
However , an effective defense can make you have little impact on the legal consequences of the error .
Haskell Bindings to C – c2hs September 22 , 2009
When making hsXenCtrl bindings I was thrilled to learn and use hsc2hs – I considered it all that was needed for sugar on top of the FFI .
However , the recent Kernel Modules work has opened my eyes to various limitations of hsc2hs and forced me to learn c2hs – which is superior so I ’ll go though a simple - stupid tutorial here .
This is intended as a starter companion to the official documentation – not a substitute !
Read the docs , they are quite understandable !
The C Code
Lets consider some basic C code :
struct test { int a ; } ; struct test * getTheStruct ( ) ; struct test t ; struct test * getTheStruct ( ) { return &t ; } # define add_one ( x ) ( x + 1 )
While there are the normal issues of calling functions and accessing structure fields , it ’s no coincidence that this code embodies the two issues I came across when using c2hs .
First , it has a macro , for which there is no automatic FFI generation , and secondly it has structures that are n’t typedef ’ed to a single keyword .
We ’ll see how to handle both those along with the rest of our simple chs code .
The .chs File
We now write a test.chs file that will interface with the code defined in our c header .
{-# LANGUAGE ForeignFunctionInterface #-} import Foreign .C.Types import Foreign .
Ptr import Foreign .
Storable #include " test. h "
The boiler plate should n’t be surprising – the only new aspect is the inclusion of the header file that defines the types and functions to which we must bind .
Now lets define a pointer type .
Unfortunately this code does n’t use any typedefs and c2hs ca n’t parse “ struct foo ” as a single C type identifier .
To fix this we use a section of C code , which will appear in the file “ test.chs.h ” once we run c2hs :
#c typedef struct test test_t ; #endc
We may now define the pointer types using “ test_t ” instead of “ struct test ”
{ #pointer * test_t as Test#}
This is amazingly simple – it translates into “ type Test = Ptr ( ) ” .
You can add the keyword “ newtype ” at the end to obtain type enforcement if you so desire .
To access fields in this structure you could define a whole storable instance , using c2hs keywords ‘ sizeof ’ , ‘ get ’ , and ‘ put ’ the whole way – but we did n’t create a ‘ newtype ’ on which a typeclass instance can be defined .
All we need are a pair of get and set functions – but you can see how to use these and thus create any Storable instance you want .
getA :: Test ->
IO Int
getA t = {#get test_t ->a#} t >>= return .
fromIntegral
setA :: Test -> Int -> IO ()
setA t i = {#set test_t ->a#} t ( fromIntegral i )
As you can see , use the {#get …} and {#set …} hooks along with the C type ( “ test_t ” ) and C field name (s ) ( “ a ” ) to create a function that will access the types appropriately .
Now we need to handle the damned macro .
There exists no {#macro …} hook , and function hooks translate directly to “ foreign import … ” so the first step is using another C section to make a function wrap the macro :
#c int add_one_ ( int x ) { return ( add_one ( x ) ) ; } #endc
This does n’t warrant any more discussion , so lets move onto the function calls !
The function hook is hands - down ugly , but powerful .
First you tell it the C function you ’re calling ( add_one_ ) .
Then specify the name of the Haskell function ; hat ( “ ^ ” ) means convert the C name to camel case ( addOne ) , or you can specify any name you desire ( ex : “ hs_add_one ” ) .
After the naming is handled then you provide a list of arguments in curry braces – {arg1 , arg2 , … , argn} – then an arrow and a result Type .
Each argument and return value is a Haskell type and enclosed in a back tick and single quote , such as ` Int ’ .
Before and after each argument you can provide in and out marshalling functions – this is where all the power of c2hs is and is also well stated in the documentation so I wo n’t be repeating it here – just notice that I marshal CInt to and from Int via “ fromIntegral ” and no marshalling is needed for the pointer ( “ Test ” ) so we use identity ( “ id ” ) .
{ #fun add_one_ as ^ { fromIntegral ` Int ' } -> ` Int ' fromIntegral#}
{ #fun get_the_struct as ^ {} -> ` Test ' id#}
The remaining task is to define a simple ‘ main ’ function for testing purposes .
Veterinarian Richard Kimball of Burns has noticed a disturbing trend among some of his friends .
A Rockaway Beach couple has stockpiled food and assembled survival backpacks for their three adult children in Portland and Eugene .
" If chaos arises , they can put the backpacks on so they can get home , " said Kimball , 72 .
" There is a pistol in each of the backpacks . "
Another longtime friend , a Harney County cattle rancher , recently bought an AK - 47 assault rifle and 1,000 rounds of ammunition .
" Does that tell you anything ? " Kimball asked .
" He 's scared . "
La Grande welder and gunsmith Jim Rector , meanwhile , said he has supplies and a jetboat at the ready to carry him and his wife to a secluded hideout along the Snake River .
They 're all signs that the survivalist movement , slumbering since the Y2 K scare and , before that , Jimmy Carter 's bumpy presidency , has been shaken awake .
Government officials , academics , authors and others -- in addition to those doing the stockpiling -- say a growing number of people are independently building caches of food , weapons and precious metals such as gold .
As in earlier movements , survivalists are centered in conservative , rural areas such as eastern Oregon .
Only this time , many prefer to be called " preppers " -- for preparedness -- and are driven by fears , stoked by Barack Obama 's presidency , that economic catastrophe , sweeping technological failure and societal upheaval are just around the corner .
And though the movement intersects with a wave of weapon and ammunition hoarding among some who fear that Obama will clamp down on gun rights , there 's little talk of forming militias as in past survivalist movements .
" People fear change ; people get angry when they do n't understand something , " said La Grande City Councilman Steve Clements , 52 , who teaches finance and information systems at Eastern Oregon University .
" I think there is a lot of fear associated with having the first black president . "
La Grande 's Mike Sirrine , a Vietnam veteran and retired human resources manager who has added guns to his arsenal and is stockpiling beans and rice , said it 's not that clear - cut .
The new survivalism , he said , reflects " an indistinct fear , not a very well - focused fear . "
He added , though , that in our 21st century culture , a collapse no worse than the Great Depression would trigger " rioting and people dying in the streets . "
James Wesley Rawles , a survivalist author , lecturer and consultant who lives in Idaho , estimates that preppers make up 1 percent of the U.S. population -- but 5 percent in eastern and southwestern Oregon .
The former U.S. Army intelligence officer is author of " Patriots , A Novel of Survival in the Coming Collapse " and creator of SurvivalBlog.com , a 4 - year - old site that has logged millions of hits .
It 's a big draw among preppers committed to surviving what Rawles , 48 , calls TEOTWAWKI -- the end of the world as we know it .
" Get your beans , bullets and Band - Aids together , " Rawles said in a telephone interview , repeating a slogan from his Web site and insisting that supermarkets in most cities stock only a three - day supply of food .
" There is no reserve ; there is no back room in the grocery store anymore , " he said .
" If the 18 - wheel trucks stop rolling for any reason , it all unravels . "
Rick Gately , who owns La Grande Gold and Silver , said his sales have jumped 50 percent since the real estate bubble burst and Obama was elected .
" There is a hard - money mind - set , " he said .
" Gold and silver are real money .
I 'm seeing self - made millionaires , professionals in all fields , ranchers and dirt farmers and people working at the mills . "
Though preppers tend to keep their activities " a secret thing , " he said , they talk to the person who sells them gold and silver .
Those he meets express anxiety about the potential for natural disaster , major terrorist attack or " a fall from within based on the lack of responsibility of the government . "
Retired railroader Randy Lindsey , 57 , of La Grande has stored 35,000 pounds of food , tons more unmilled wheat , and survival and ammunition - reloading gear .
A lifelong Mormon , he 's motivated in part by church leaders ' call to store up to two years of food per person .
But he 's gone a step beyond .
" I 've got weapons here and at a remote location , " he said .
" Generators , water purification -- and all the food I have is freeze - dried . "
Why ?
A dangerous , lawless period is " inevitable , " he said .
" Who knows ?
In a few months , we could have all hell break loose because of swine flu . "
Wallowa County Commissioner Susan Roberts has also noticed elevated stockpiling in her remote county , possibly triggered by " out - of - control spending , the economy , the whole deal . "
All the fuss perplexes Eastern Oregon University math professor John Knudson - Martin , who said the world is probably safer than ever .
He suspects people are watching too much TV news .
" If a bomb goes off in Malaysia or halfway around the world , we hear about it , and it makes us think bombs are going off all the time , " he said .
Other fears ?
Failure of the power grid is a common theme -- say if huge federal deficits trigger inflation and workers abandon their jobs , or if solar flares damage the grid the way they fused telegraph lines in 1859 .
Others think an electromagnetic pulse -- EMP for short -- set off by a hostile nation exploding a nuclear device in space could fry computer chips -- shutting down everything from toasters and cell phones to trucks moving food , medicine and other essentials around the nation .
Gately , the metals dealer , said some of his customers " are actually making sure they have a vehicle that 's not going to be impacted by an EMP . "
Rural preppers also worry that economic or political instability could fuel urban riots , driving tens of thousands of city dwellers into small communities .
" What are we going to do with this mass of humanity ? " asked a customer at Gately 's shop , a 65 - year - old La Grande retiree who did n't want his name disclosed .
He began stockpiling last winter and now has enough to keep his family fed for many months , he said .
He also bought four assault rifles to protect his stash from the gangs he expects to form .
Likewise , Rector has factored predatory gangs into his plans to flee to his Snake River hideout with his wife , Bettie , and their supplies .
" They are going to be dead from afar before they get to me , " said Rector , 64 , a longtime competitive shooter .
K.W. Royce of Wyoming , the Libertarian author of " Boston 's Gun Bible " and another leading voice in the movement , has written of the potential for social upheaval and calls the veneer of civilization in America " very thin . "
" Yet , it is typically the unprepared who jeer at the prepared , " he said in an e-mail .
But Clements , the La Grande councilman , does n't worry too much about social disintegration .
He has faith in humanity 's values , sense of responsibility and moral integrity .
It 's the preppers he worries about :
" I would be afraid if they were the ones who decided they were going to take control after the collapse . "
-- Richard Cockle : rcockle@oregonwireless.net
by Andrew
Max Boot deploys a new one ( they keep coming up with them ) :
It would be easy to conclude with a “ high degree of confidence ” that one of the most effective intelligence - gathering tactics in the war on terrorism the aggressive interrogation of captured terrorists has been eliminated and , along the way , the agency charged with being on the front lines of the war has been severely degraded in operational effectiveness .
In other words , the Obama administration has taken some of the most effective changes implemented by the Bush administration and reversed them in what could be a Carter - style emasculation of American intelligence capabilities .
" Aggressive interrogation of captured terrorists " needs translation into plain English .
It means " the torture of captives suspected of being terrorists . "
" One of the most effective intelligence - gathering tactics in the war on terrorism " also needs translation , since there is no evidence , as Bush DHS official Frances Townsend and every neutral observer has noted , that the intelligence , if accurate , could not have been achieved by legal , American and ethical means .
We also know for a fact that the majority of all those who have been abused and tortured by the US under Bush and Cheney were innocent of any terror offenses .
( At Abu Ghraib , one of the test - sites for Cheney 's methods , up to 90 percent were completely innocent , according to the Bush administration ) .
We have no idea how many of those captured , abused and tortured at Bagram were and are innocent .
And we know that the Red Cross has definitively ruled the Bush - Cheney treatment as torture and , at the very least , illegal " cruel and inhuman treatment " of prisoners .
" Aggressive interrogation " means , in plain English , stripping suspects , hooding them , beating them , putting a collar around their neck and launching their bodies against a plywood wall up to thirty times , subjecting them to sleep deprivation in one case as long as 960 hours over 54 days , shackling them in stress positions used by the Vietnamese against John McCain , denying medical care in some cases , sexually traumatizing them , using Islam as a weapon against them , putting them in upright coffins , threatening to kill their children and spouses , threatening to drill their skulls with power - drills , freezing them in iced water or freezing air - conditioning until near - death , subjecting them to extreme heat , and sensory deprivation in isolation for months until they become mental and physical shells .
It means Abu Ghraib , the one place where we have been able to see what neoconservatism has come to stand for : the brutal torture and abuse of Arabs and Muslims .
It means murdering over a hundred of such prisoners - merely because they are suspects and Arab Muslims .
It means verschaerfte Vernehmung , in which neocons eagerly adopt the precise methods and even terminology of the Gestapo and brandish their cooptation of Nazi standards of prisoner treatment as an American value .
Relentless Advocacy
Creative Solutions
Manos Schenk is a respected international law firm that provides the highest quality legal services in practice areas that include business law , litigation , employment law , immigration law , estate plans , asset protection , estate administration , sports & entertainment law .
Read More
Editor 's note :
This story was revised Sep 29 to correct a detail about when pneumonia cases were diagnosed .
Sep 28 , 2009 ( CIDRAP News ) – Almost one third of a group of patients who died in the past 4 months from H1N1 influenza had bacterial infections that complicated their illnesses , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) said today in a conference call with healthcare providers .
But the agency cautioned against applying that ratio to all cases of H1N1 , saying the death records it reviewed were submitted by hospitals and medical examiners and did not represent a statistically valid sample .
Nevertheless , the 22 cases ( among 77 deaths confirmed to be from H1N1 ) emphasize that bacterial co-infections are playing a role in the ongoing pandemic , something that was not clear at first , the CDC's Dr. Matthew Moore said on the call .
" During the early part of this pandemic , evidence of bacterial co-infection was pretty much absent , " Moore said during the call , part of the CDC's " Clinician Outreach and Communication Activity " program .
That " may have led to the perception that bacterial co-infection is playing only a limited or maybe even no role in this current pandemic .
. . . [ But ] bacterial pneumonia may be contributing to influenza - associated mortality in a manner similar to that in previous pandemics . "
The 77 patients whose deaths and autopsy data were evaluated by the CDC are expected to be described in a forthcoming article in the agency 's Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report .
They ranged in age from 2 months to 84 years , with a median age of 39 .
Nine out of 10 had some underlying condition that made them vulnerable to the severest effects of flu , such as obesity , cardiac disease , asthma , diabetes , or HIV infection .
Three were women in the last trimester of pregnancy .
All appear to have been severely ill : 63 % received influenza antivirals and 81 % were put on ventilators .
Pneumonia was diagnosed before death in 39 % of the cases .
The 22 patients ( 29 % ) who were confirmed to have bacterial complications were infected with Streptococcus pneumoniae ( pneumococcus ) , Staphylococcus aureus , Group A strep , and Haemophilus influenzae .
( Four were infected with more than one bacterial type . )
Five of the seven S aureus infections involved methicillin - resistant ( MRSA ) strains .
Moore said the CDC is especially concerned that 16 of the 22 fall into categories of people who are recommended to receive pneumococcal vaccine because of their age or underlying chronic conditions .
The agency received limited clinical data on the cases and thus could not say whether they received the vaccine — but it is well - known , Moore said , that only 16 % of Americans who should receive pneumococcal vaccine do so .
In response , the CDC is urging people at high risk for pneumococcal disease to be vaccinated , Moore said : " If you add up all the people in the United States who should have received pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine but have not yet received it , that totals 70 million individuals .
We have a terrific opportunity here to prevent additional pneumococcal disease . "
See also :
CDC recommendation for pneumococcal vaccination for adults
http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm5934a3.htm
CDC recommendation for pneumococcal vaccination for children
http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/PDF/rr/rr4909.pdf
" Deloitte " comes from the Greek denomination of " De " and " Loitte " .
" De " translates directly to " miserable " , with " Loitte " translating to " pathetic human being . "
Formerly known as Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu , the name was shortened to just " Deloitte " after it was discovered that " Touche " was a 3rd grade version of the word ass , and Tohmatsu was too difficult to say .
Members of the Deloitte firm are easy to spot .
During the months of January through March , in preparation for hibernation , Deloitters typically put on between 5 and 65 pounds .
Additionally , staffers can be seen aging as if they drank from the wrong Holy Grail during this period .
The only members of Deloitte who seem to stay a consistent age are the partners , mostly because they drink and bath in the youth and souls of staff members .
Deloitte is also a microcasm for the problems of American society .
The wealth gap is clearly seen in Deloitte , with partners driving Porsche 's , and staffers riding their new Dyno freestyle BMX 's in January .
In addition , Deloitte partners have new HP Tablet laptops , with staffers performing audit work on Abacuses .
Deloitte staffers can typically describe their lives with the following tickmark : " I traced and agreed my weight gain to the scale in my bathroom without exception .
D&T noted that 15 pounds was immaterial to performing audit work .
Per discussion with my roommates , I noted that they no longer recognized me .
Per further inquiry , they now refer to me as either ' The guy that sleeps in the other room ' , or ' The vaguely familiar friend ' .
D&T assessed this explanation from my roommates as acceptable .
I footed the number of outstanding bills received from the mail , and noted that it tied without exception to the amount that the bill collector said I owed .
I re-calculated my credit score , and noted that the score of 4 was appropriate .
D&T passed on further investigation . "
Turns out that the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) will include a section on Internet " enforcement procedures " after all .
And how many people have had input on these procedures ?
Forty - two .
ACTA has worried outside observers for some time by threatening to delve into issues not normally covered by " trade agreements . "
Topping the list are concerns about ACTA 's possible use as a Trojan horse to shove tough Internet controls onto countries like the US at the behest of Big Content .
It 's been hard to tell exactly what ACTA will include , though , because the process has taken place in such secrecy and even when information has been released , the section relating to the Internet has been empty .
But the secrecy was n't total .
Knowledge Ecology International ( KEI ) found out in September that the US Trade Representative 's office had actually been secretly canvassing opinions on the Internet section of the agreement from 42 people , all of whom had signed a nondisclosure agreement before being shown the ACTA draft text .
After filing a Freedom of Information
Act request ( the names of the 42 people were considered a matter of " national security " and were not released voluntarily ) , KEI yesterday revealed the list of people who have had access to the ACTA Internet provisions .
Here are the first 32 names , all of them people outside of USTR :
Emery Simon , Business Software Alliance ( BSA )
Jesse Feder , Business Software Alliance ( BSA )
Bill Patry , Google
Daphne Keller , Google
Johanna Shelton , Google
Lisa Pearlman , Wilmer Hale
Robert Novick , Wilmer Hale
Bob Kruger , Consultant to eBay
Brian Bieron , eBay
Hillary Brill , eBay
Sarah Deutch , Verizon
David Weller , Wilmer Hale
Steve Metalitz , International Intellectual Property Alliance ( IIPA ) , Mitchell Silberberg & Knupp LLP
Veronica O'Connell , Consumer Electronics Association ( CEA )
Jim Burger , Dow Lohnes , Counsel to Intel
Jonathan Band , Jonathan Band PLLC
Gigi Sohn , Public Knowledge
Rashmi Rangnath , Public Knowledge
Sherwin Siy , Public Knowledge
Maritza Castro , Dell
Jeff Lawrence , Intel
Mathew Schruers , CCIA
David Sohn , Center for Democracy and Technology ( CDT )
Michael Petricone , Consumer Electronics Association ( CEA )
Ryan Triplette , Intel
Janet O'Callaghan , News Corporation
Chris Israel , PCT Government Relations
Alicia Smith , Sony Pictures Entertainment
Cameron Gilreath , Time Warner
Seth Greensten , Constantine Cannon LLP , for Consumer Electronics Association ( CEA )
Daniel Dougherty , eBay
David Fares , News Corporation
A further 10 people who have seen the draft are regular members of USTR advisory boards :
Anissa S. Whitten , Motion Picture Association of America , Inc .
Eric Smith , International Intellectual Property Alliance
Neil I. Turkewitz , Recording Industry Association of America
Sandra M. Aistars , Time Warner Inc .
Steven D. Mitchell , Entertainment Software Association
Thomas J. Thomson , Coalition for Intellectual Property Rights
Timothy P. Trainer , Zippo Manufacturing Company
Jacquelynn Ruff , Verizon Communications Inc .
John P. Goyer , US Coalition of Service Industries
Mark F. Bohannon , Software and Information Industry Association
It 's a motley collection .
While the continued secrecy of the process remains troubling , the list actually represents a wide swath of views .
Big Content is well - represented ; if stakeholders like the RIAA and MPAA do n't appear often on the first list , that 's only because they have a permanent connection with USTR and regularly get to advise the agency on crafting its trade policies .
But many of those on the top list do n't support much in the way of Internet " enforcement " of IP law , not if that includes items like filtering or graduated response .
Bill Patry , for instance , is Google 's top copyright lawyer and has just written an entire book lambasting the content industries in no uncertain terms for their utter lack of innovation .
Michael Petricone of CEA regularly appears at conferences opposing many content owner ideas , and Jonathan Band is a DC lawyer who regularly represents library associations in copyright proceedings .
Public Knowledge and CDT both received invites , and lawyers for Dell , Intel , and eBay are generally not excited about content - owner - protection proposals .
On the other hand , copyright 's eminence grise , Steven Metalitz , is also on the list ; Metalitz was last seen in these pages telling the Copyright Office that consumers have no right to be upset after buying DRMed music from a store that goes out of business and takes its DRM servers offline .
According to Jamie Love of KEI , however , the whole thing smacks of corporatism .
Sure , the corporations may be on different sides of the issue , but is the public actually being well - represented here ?
" We were told that everyone who needed to see the documents has seen them , " he writes .
" Outside of Public Knowledge and CDT , everyone who received the documents was representing a large corporate entity . "
ACTA negotiations resume in early November in Seoul , South Korea , where ( in its own words ) " USTR will be pressing for provisions that strengthen the ability of governments to deal with the serious issue of Internet piracy . "
[ Updated at 5 p.m. : During the rally at Lynn Road and Hillcrest Drive , near the Oaks Mall , the suspect and William James Rice got into a heated argument and began fighting , Buschow said .
Rice , of Newbury Park , punched the suspect after the man called him an " idiot , " Buschow said .
[ Updated at 5:16 p.m. : A previous version of this post reported that the activist had bitten off the finger of a counter - demonstrator .
Authorities now say that only the tip of the man 's finger was bitten off , and that the 65 - year - old victim told them he was not demonstrating at the time of the fight . ]
“ It all started with their difference in philosophy over healthcare reform , ” said Senior Deputy Eric Buschow of the Ventura County Sheriff ’s Department .
The incident occurred about 7 p.m. Wednesday at a “ We Ca n’t Afford to Wait Vigil ” organized by affiliates of the activist group MoveOn.org , which drew supporters of President Obama ’s healthcare plan , Buschow said .
The rally also attracted several counter - protesters , he said .
Authorities today are searching for a healthcare reform activist who they said bit off the fingertip of a 65 - year - old man during a fight at a MoveOn.org rally in Thousand Oaks .
At that point , one man bit off the the tip of Rice 's left pinkie finger , Buschow said .
Rice then drove himself to Los Robles Hospital and Medical Center , about a mile away , Buschow said .
A witness picked up the detached fingertip after the suspect spit it out and drove it to the hospital .
Buschow said doctors told the victim that they could not reattach the fingertip because of the high risk of infection . ]
Ilyse Hogue , director of political advocacy and communications for MoveOn.org , called the incident “ a regrettable act of violence ” in a statement released this morning .
“ While we do not have any more facts about what happened than what we saw in press accounts , MoveOn condemns violence in all forms , ” Hogue said .
“ We support the Ventura County sheriff ’s investigation into the situation .
It is in our firm hope that this event does not detract from the tens of thousands who were out peacefully making their voices heard for health care reform and a public option . ”
Authorities said they are looking for a white male in his late 40s or 50s who was last seen wearing black shorts and a black shirt .
“ We ’re still trying to figure out who was the aggressor , ” Buschow said .
Anyone with information is asked to call the Ventura County Sheriff ’s Department at ( 805 ) 494-8201 .
— Ruben Vives
French archaeologists have discovered the oldest known place of worship dedicated to the dugong , or sea cow , on an island just north of Dubai , two research centres said Thursday .
French archaeologists have discovered the oldest known place of worship dedicated to the dugong , or sea cow , on an island just north of Dubai , two research centres said Thursday .
The sanctuary believed to date back to 3,500 to 3,200 years BC was discovered on Akab island in the United Arab Emirates , 50 kilometres ( 30 miles ) north of Dubai .
The French archaeological mission in the Emirates and the Umm al - Quwain museum there said in the specialist magazine Antiquity that the sanctuary on the deserted island provided key details " on the rituals of prehistoric coastal societies in the Gulf . "
Akab was a tuna fisherman 's village more than 6,500 years ago with circular buildings and a pile of dugong bones detected in the 1990s .
The scientifically named " Dugong dugon " still exists in the Gulf , with adults growing up to four metres ( 12 feet ) long and weighing up to 400 kilogrammes ( 880 pounds ) .
The sanctuary was first thought to be an abattoir but on analysis was found to be a carefully constructed platform on two levels containing the remains of around 40 dugongs as well as tools , stones and ornaments .
The archeologists said the Akab monument was used for rituals celebrating the giant mammal and " has no parallel in neolithic times in other parts of the world . "
Similar structures have been found off the Australian coast but are only several hundred years old .
( c ) 2009 AFP
The top military officer in the United States says more American troops will probably have to be sent to Afghanistan if the war is going to be won .
The chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Admiral Mike Mullen , says he does not know if the commander in Afghanistan is going to ask for more troops or how many .
But he says it is clear to him that more forces may be needed .
" A properly resourced counter - insurgency probably means more forces , and without question , more time and more commitment to the protection of the Afghan people and to the development of good governance , " he said .
Admiral Mullen has also told the Senate Armed Services Committee that the US is facing a race against the clock to reverse its fortunes in Afghanistan .
" I have a sense of urgency about this .
I worry a great deal that the clock is moving very rapidly . "
With a new opinion poll showing 58 per cent of Americans are opposed to the war , Admiral Mullen has stressed the importance of the conflict .
" I 'd say it is the epicentre of terrorism right now , " he said .
The school also failed to report the accident to the authorities A school has been fined £ 16,500 after a 16 - year - old pupil lost eight fingers when her hands got stuck in a bucket of plaster of Paris during an art lesson .
The girl was making a cast of her hands in January 2007 , magistrates in Boston , Lincolnshire , were told .
The plaster heated up and set .
Neither staff nor paramedics could get it off , leaving the pupil at Giles School in Boston with serious burns .
The school admitted breaching health and safety rules .
It also admitted failing to report the matter to the Health and Safety Executive ( HSE ) , which only found out about what happened from the girl 's plastic surgeon .
Heat generated
The school was also ordered to pay £ 2,500 in costs .
The court was told temperatures of up to 60C can be generated in large quantities of plaster of Paris .
Jo Anderson , prosecuting for the HSE , said the girl had been told by her teacher to put her hands into clay to make a mould .
She was then supposed to pour the liquid plaster into the clay mould .
Instead she put her hand up to the wrist into the bucket of plaster .
It is understood the mixture began to solidify within about 10 minutes and she soon realised she could not remove her hands .
Twelve operations " The student 's hands were literally being burnt as the plaster was setting around them , " Miss Anderson said .
" There was no way the student could or should have known of the catastrophic consequences . "
Plastic surgeons did what they could to help the girl , but after 12 operations she was left with no fingers on one hand and just two on the other .
Speaking outside the court , the girl 's solicitor , Stephen Hill , said his client was a " remarkable young woman " who hoped to go to university and become a teacher working with nursery or primary aged children .
Skin grafts
He added : " She is doing remarkably well considering the devastating injuries she did suffer .
" But she is a very stoical .
She is a very determined , self sufficient character but she is now only left with one forefinger and an index finger . "
Mr Hill said his client had now had enough of surgery .
It had not only left her with just two fingers , it also with severe scars all over her body where the plastic surgeons had taken skin for grafts .
The school issued a statement which said it was proud the girl had returned to school and gained three A - Levels .
It added : " We would liked to reassure all pupils and parents that our health and safety procedures have been rigorously revised .
We are confident that such an accident cannot occur again at our school . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Monumental egos
There are some people who are much more confident in their importance than others , a trait we can call ego .
Of course , in what way importance is measured differs : academics may consider their research important , a politician their power or historical legacy , an athlete may measure it in speed , strength or wins .
That the athlete and academic may not recognize each other 's greatness does not matter for the size of their respective ego : everybody measures it based on what traits they think are the most important .
This enables a rough measure of relative ego :
Compared to all living people , what fraction of them are inferior to you in respect to the traits you regard as truly important ?
Someone thinking themselves to be better than * everybody * would get 1.0 on this scale .
Somebody thinking themselves inferior to * everybody * would be zero .
The Lake Wobegon effect means that the average person will be above 0.5 .
Given the size of the effect plus that we usually care more about the things we are good at , I would expect the average person to score about 0.75 or more .
During the dinner discussion leading up to this definition the foreword to one of the Mathematica books was mentioned , where Stephen Wolfram ( in third person ) wrote " Stephen Wolfram is the creator of Mathematica and is widely regarded as the most important innovator in scientific and technical computing today . "
In honour of this self - assessment I suggest we call the unit of ego the Wolfram .
I do n't know if he would consider being an important innovator the most important aspect of himself : maybe he would rather be recognized for his scientific work .
But since he does seem to compare himself favourably to Newton in A New Kind of Science , and Newton tends to be on any " greatest scientist ever " list we can probably assume that he thinks he has a chance to be among the top 100 scientists at the very least .
So we should expect his ego to be between 0.999999985 and 1.0 Wolframs .
A clear Wolfram 1.0 case is Gene Ray , the discoverer of the Time Cube .
He seems to regard himself as the wisest human * ever* , which suggests an extended version of the ego measure ( the Ray ? ) where one compares oneself with all humans who have ever lived ( about 90 - 110 billion or so ) .
We also briefly considered comparisons to all humans who will ever live , but that measure seems unworkable except for people like Gene Ray who would doubtless claim 1.0 on that scale too .
An interesting case might be athletes , who actually have objective measurements of their abilities relative to everybody else : the world champions * know * they are the best , and hence are entirely justified if they reach 1.0 Wolframs .
In practice I would expect them to take time averages into account and tend to be slightly below 1.0 .
As for myself , when I consider my achievements , I seem to be about two standard deviations above average ( whether this is actually true does not matter ; we are looking at subjective ego here ) .
This would put me in the top 5 % of all people .
So I 'm probably about 0.95 Wolframs .
In fact , so many of us humans crowd close to 1.0 that it might be more sensible to use a logarithmic scale , the logWolfram : - log 10 ( 1 - W ) .
1.0 Wolframs is infinity logWolframs , 0.999999985 Wolframs is ~ 7.8 logWolframs , my 0.95 Wolframs is ~ 1.3 logWolframs , the modest 0.5 Wolframs is ~0.3 logWolframs and the " I'm the worst in the world " 0 Wolfram person is 0 logWolframs .
Roughly it counts the number of nines in the decimal expansion when you approach 1 .
Note that subjective importance is of course separate from real importance .
The world has many 1.0 Wolfram people , but very few of them matter ( Gene Ray is definitely in the top quartile in regards to fame , competing with a few self - proclaimed messiahs with personal cults and a bunch of happy world champions ) .
Compared to most others at the same ego rating Stephen Wolfram is clearly enormously successful : he is a successful and well - known innovator , scientist , businessman , author etc .
So one could define a dimensionless ratio between the actual level of importance in some field ( measured as fraction of mankind being less able ) and self - estimated importance .
Many depressed and pessimistic people may have ratios far above 1 , and thanks to the Dunning - Kruger effect we should expect incompetent people to have rather low ratios .
So while it might not matter much how many Wolframs of ego we have ( humility is overrated in my opinion ) , we really should aim for mediocre ( but healthy ! ) ratio scores close to one .
The more important you think you are , the harder you should strive for this .
Posted by Anders3 at April 16 , 2009 10:14 PM
If you ’re a roller coaster enthusiast , you know there ’s nothing more exhilarating than the suspense of climbing that first hill , looking over the edge , waiting … waiting … waiting .
And then whoosh !
You plummet , surrounded by screams of terror and glee , hands in the air , leaving your life in the hands of the wood or steel supporting you .
Newer technologies mean you may not get that same suspense through an initial climb , as some of the tallest steel roller coasters instead launch you to the top of the climb in a matter of seconds .
No matter what kind of climb they offer though , the trip back down is often the most exciting part of the ride .
If you ’re the type of person who ’s always looking for taller , faster , or longer rides , you ’ll get a thrill out of these — the world ’s ten tallest roller coasters !
# 10 — Titan
245 ft. — Six Flags Over Texas — Texas
Titan — even its name screams “ big . ”
And as the tenth tallest roller coaster on our list , it lives up to its name !
Arguably , Titan could be considered the ninth tallest coaster on our list , but I ’m choosing to rank it conservatively .
Titan ’s drop is larger than its climb .
When you board the train , you climb 245 ft .
But then you ’re dropped 255 ft !
That ’s because the drop takes you down a bit further than your starting level , taking you into a tunnel .
Titan ’s more than a tall coaster — it ’s a fast one .
According to Six Flags , you ’ll hit a top speed of 85 mph .
Its near - twin , Goliath ( located at Six Flags Magic Mountain ) , barely missed making our list .
It has the same 255 ft drop , but only climbs 235 ft .
Still , it ’s another impressive coaster , so if you enjoy Titan , do n’t miss Goliath .
# 9 — Eejanaika
249 ft. — Fuji-Q Highland — Japan
Eejanaika looks like a wild ride if ever I ’ve seen one .
As the world ’s second 4th dimension roller coaster , riders are not only suspended from the track ( like with other hanging steel coasters ) , but the seats rotate during the ride !
Like Titan , this roller coaster has a debatable quality of its own .
It holds the Guinness world record for the most inversions , but that status includes seat inversions rather than only track - based ones .
If you ’re a stickler for details , you may or may not credit Eejanaika with that record , but somehow I think when riding it you ’ll have far more important things on your mind .
# 8 — Fujiyama
259 ft. — Fuji-Q Highland — Japan
Fujiyama is an old coaster by some standards — built in 1996 .
Then again , there ’s nothing wrong with a classic steel coaster when it serves up a killer drop , speed , and a relatively long ride .
With a maximum speed of 82 mph , it ’s faster than the Eejanaika from the same park , and slightly taller ( interesting since parks often go for bigger when they build new roller coasters , especially given how close their heights are ) .
This beast of a thrill ride was no small feat for the mid-90s .
At the time , it was the tallest coaster in the world .
# 7 — Thunder Dolphin
262.5 ft — LaQua — Japan
On the surface , Thunder Dolphin might not sound very impressive .
Its name hardly strikes fear into waiting riders .
Its top speed of a little over 80 mph seems par for the course , and a maximum 80 degree vertical drop is n’t much compared to the 90 degree drops of other coasters ( not that it ’s something to sneeze at — certainly steeper than some older roller coasters ) .
It ’s also not terribly long .
What truly makes this Tokyo Dome City roller coaster unique is the path it takes .
Not only does it cut through the park ’s ferris wheel , but it goes through a building ( which you can see in the photo above ) !
That change of scenery alone makes this super coaster worthy of a ride .
# 6 — Millennium Force
310 ft — Cedar Point —
Ohio
Millennium
Force is certainly one of the most impressive roller coasters on our list .
Not only did it break ten world records when it was opened in 2000 ( according to Cedar Point – the coaster ’s home park ) , but it ’s also an award - winner .
It ’s won Amusement Today ’s Golden Ticket award for being the best steel roller coaster in the world five times ( and has won second place several times in the last few years as well ) .
What first jumped out at me was the steep lift hill .
It looks steeper than most chain lifts , which explains why Cedar Point opted for a cable lift system instead ( the lighter cable is quieter , faster , and can work on much steeper inclines than a chain ) .
After that climb , you ’ll hit a maximum whopping 92 mph as you plummet back to earth .
# 5 — Steel Dragon 2000
318 ft — Nagashima Spa Land — Japan
Japan ’s Steel Dragon 2000 is the second gigacoaster on our list ( roller coasters exceeding 300 ft tall ) .
As you can see in the above photo , the roller coaster was designed with a series of camel humps made to look similar to a dragon ’s tail .
You ’ll notice it has a more gradual incline than the Millennium Force .
That ’s because Steel Dragon 2000 relies on a standard chain lift instead of a cable .
However , because the chains are so heavy , the incline had to be broken into two chain lifts .
The fastest roller coaster on our list so far , Steel Dragon 2000 tops out at 95 mph and boasts the longest track at over 8100 ft .
It was released the same year as Millennium Force , overtaking Millennium Force ’s “ tallest roller coaster ” status after only a few months .
( On a side note , Steel Dragon 2000 appears to be a similar but larger version of the same manufacturer ’s Steel Force roller coaster in Pennsylvania ’s Dorney Park .
For those in the U.S. who are n’t able to travel to Japan , Steel Force is a decent ride in its own right —
I ’ve ridden it myself at least 50 times over the last decade , and keep going back for more . )
# 4 — Tower of Terror
377 ft — Dreamworld — Australia
I know some of the die - hard roller coaster fans may not consider Australia ’s Tower of Terror to be a “ real ” roller coaster , because it ’s not a full - circuit coaster ( meaning you ride out and back on the same stretch of track instead of in a continuous loop ) , but I ’m including it anyway .
After all , we ’re looking for the biggest , tallest thrills here .
If you want to get technical , Tower of Terror is a reverse freefall roller coaster ( a type of shuttle coaster ) .
Essentially you ’re accelerated quickly horizontally , then taken up at a 90 degree angle .
When you reach the top of your climb , your car freefalls back down ( reverse , because you ’re falling backwards ) .
The Tower of Terror is the first on our list of the world ’s tallest roller coasters to reach a top speed of 100 mph .
The ride itself is a short one , lasting less than 30 seconds .
While Tower of Terror is ranked # 4 on our list , it actually has the same drop distance ( but a shorter overall height ) as our # 3 coaster , another reverse freefall coaster designed by the same company .
# 3 — Superman : The Escape
415 ft. — Six Flags Magic Mountain — California
Superman : The Escape is a nearly identical ride to the Tower of Terror reverse freefall coaster .
Despite the fact that they both drop 328 ft. , Superman takes riders higher , to a total of 415 ft .
You can see the tower of Superman : The Escape on the left portion of the image above , seeing how it towers over even Goliath , the near - twin roller coaster of Titan ( which barely made our list at the # 10 spot ) .
# 2 — Top Thrill Dragster
420 ft — Cedar Point — Ohio
The name might not sound threatening , but that twisted mountain of steel could strike fear in nearly anyone ’s heart .
It sports a vertical lift , rounding down into a vertical drop , and all while exceeding 400 ft in the process .
Top Thrill Dragster is n’t the first Cedar Point roller coaster to make our list , but it is our first stratacoaster , and that ’s saying something .
The ride may be short at only 17 seconds , but when you hit the top speed of 120 mph , I have to imagine you ’ll welcome the relief !
Top Thrill Dragster was created by the same company that produced Tower of Terror , Superman : The Escape , and Millennium Force — not to mention our yet - to - be named tallest roller coaster in the world !
# 1 — Kingda Ka
456 ft — Six Flags Great Adventure — New Jersey
Here we are with the # 1 tallest roller coaster in the world — Kingda Ka !
As you can see , it ’s much like its sister stratacoaster Top Thrill Dragster in its vertical climb and drop setup .
Unfortunately you wo n’t be shot out of the station at 128 mph on this monster of a coaster any time soon though .
It ’s ( again ) closed for extended maintenance .
Roller coaster enthusiasts everywhere are being forced to anxiously await its reopening , as Kingda Ka has faced numerous technical problems since being struck by lightning earlier this year .
This is n’t the coaster ’s first long shut - down though .
It was also shut down a while for repairs in 2005 due to launch cable problems .
I do n’t know about you , but technical problems have a better chance of scaring me away than the title of “ World ’s Tallest Roller Coaster . ”
That said , to say Kingda Ka looks like “ one sweet ride ” would be a serious understatement !
ARROYO GRANDE , Calif. ( MarketWatch ) -- Warning : Behavioral economics means one thing to Wall Street and Washington and something quite different to Main Street .
It depends on whether you 're the nudger or nudgee , the manipulator or the manipulated , the guys making lots of money or the folks being scammed .
Average folks erroneously believe behavioral economics helps them .
But behavioral nudgers just want to help themselves .
And both political parties are guilty .
Behavioral economics is all the rage since the new president hired some academic behaviorists .
That also helped the GOP , made average folks forget the former president had his nudgers , too , like former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson .
Moreover , his party recently hired 350 lobbyists , many former Senators and Congressmen , to kill the new guy 's health - care reform .
The truth is , folks , behavioral economics , nudging , manipulation and lobbying , whatever you call it , has been a part of American politics for a long time under many names , though neither party publicly admits their nudging strategies .
Puzzled ?
Ask yourself :
Why is the GOP so aggressively demonizing Obama 's health - care reform as " socialism ? "
Why ?
Yes , something smells fishy , especially since the GOP created the biggest " socialized medicine " program ever with Medicare drugs .
Then suddenly the " why " hit me .
Here 's why ...
All the fear - mongering about health - care " socialism " is actually a strategic smoke screen , a brilliant counterattack , a sneaky political cover -up of the GOP 's recent historic takeover of America using taxpayer - funded bailout money against us .
Get it ?
The Right 's making Left turns into " socialism . "
You heard me .
In " Bailout Nation , " hedge fund manager Barry Ritholtz summarizes this clandestine takeover of the great American democracy , led by Paulson and the Goldman Conspiracy juggernaut .
In less than a year America has become " Socialism for the Rich !
Capitalism for the Rest , " says Ritholtz .
It all began last October , just before the elections .
Paulson , Goldman 's Trojan Horse inside a GOP - controlled White House , moved with the lightning speed of a special - ops team attacking behind enemy lines .
Paulson took command of the meltdown , before our clueless Congress knew what happened .
Back then , the Goldman Conspiracy was near bankruptcy as the stock bubble crashed .
But Naomi Klein , author of " The Shock Doctrine : Rise of Disaster Capitalism , " warned : " When those bubbles burst " Wall Street 's " ideology becomes a hindrance and goes dormant while big government rides to the rescue . "
Klein then predicted : Free - market " ideology will come roaring back when the bailouts are done .
The massive debts the public is accumulating to bail out the speculators will then become part of a global budget crisis . "
Rolling Stone 's Matt Taibbi also warned of an attack brewing in " The Big Takeover , how Wall Street insiders are using the bailout to stage a revolution . "
Yes , that " revolution " took less than a year .
Except we did not return to the old Reganomics capitalism Klein warned of .
Instead , the Goldman Conspiracy created a new American " Socialist - Capitalism . "
As Ritholtz aptly describes it , America now has " socialization of risk " [ with trillions of toxic bailout debt dumped on taxpayers ] versus " privatization of profits " [ for Wall Street insiders like the Goldman Conspiracy ] .
Democracy is dead in Wall Street 's new ' Socialism for The Rich '
This is a historic government coup :
The GOP created a new " American Socialism " that resembles Russia under Putin , with its bizarre blend of socialism plus just enough hint of capitalism to keep a steady flow of kickbacks to a corrupt dictator and his moneyed cronies .
At high levels the game reminds me of Bush looking deep into the Putin 's eyes and getting " a sense of his soul " ( the " soul " of a former KGB agent and communist enemy of America ? )
Just as Bush failed to see the true " soul " of Russia 's boss , Congress and today 's Main Street America cannot see the hidden " soul " of the new " American Socialism " being created by the Goldman Conspiracy , banks and their political pawns .
We 've written often about the many sides of this takeover .
We 've also reviewed endless critiques in Harper 's , Rolling Stone , New Yorker and others .
Here are eight principles for a new " Socialist Manifesto " emerging out of our dying democracy , a profile of the new " American Socialism " that will rule your life ... till it self - destructs our way of life :
1. Always elect a figurehead president
Putin skirted term limits by getting Medvedev elected president .
Then Putin was appointed party leader and prime minister , the real power behind the throne .
That 's one way power stays in power playing the game .
Wall Street is a master at playing this game , as the single largest money donor to political campaigns .
Donations assure continued control behind an illusion of democracy , where all politicians are mere pawns .
2. Greed is great in the new ' Socialist - Capitalism '
In his blog , Matt Taibbi asks " what 's wrong " with Goldman 's $ 3.44 billion second - quarter profits on top of setting aside $ 11.4 billion for insiders ?
" What 's wrong is that this is not free - market earnings but an almost pure state subsidy " as Congress steals our tax dollars giving them " to the same guys who had just blown up the financial world . "
3 . Too - stupid - to - fail big banks will always get bailed out
In the New Yorker Joe Haggen described their arrogant culture : " The god is Goldman .
You subjugate yourself to that god , and in return we will make you a gazillionaire . "
But as recently as last fall " not a single Wall Street executive " Haggen interviewed " believed Goldman would have survived an overall collapse of the financial system .
A large loss would have been inevitable as lending evaporated , and Goldman Sachs would have struggled to shrink the company to a fraction of its size overnight . "
Taibbi adds : " AIG owed Goldman about $ 20 billion at the time it went into a death spiral . "
Thanks to Paulson's $ 13 billion gift , tax dollars went through AIG straight into Goldman 's pockets .
4 . Pretend to be a commercial bank , risk like an investment bank
Wall Street still gambles as investment banks .
Worse : Taibbi says when Goldman converted they became " eligible for a new program that gives commercial banks FDIC backing for unsecured debt ... a free AAA rating to the big banks and allows them access to mountains of cheap money . "
No wonder " Goldman took full advantage of this deal , issuing $ 28 billion in FDIC - backed debt after its conversion .
Exactly how hard is it for a bank to make a profit when it has unlimited access to virtually free money ? "
5. American taxpayers are Wall Street 's personal piggy bank
Taibbi notes that Goldman got $ 10 billion TARP money , claims they 're now paid off .
But the Treasury still has warrants which Goldman wants to renegotiate below market prices , and the juicy low - interest loans help them increase their profit margin .
6 . High - risk leveraging guarantees high - paid insider bonuses
After converting into a commercial bank Reuter 's reported that Wall Street was " taking steps to reduce leverage . "
But since then " Goldman has been emboldened by all its state backing to borrow more and gamble more than ever , " says Taibbi .
" This is the equivalent of a regular casino gambler who hears that the house has doubled down on his credit line and decides to stay up at the tables all night , instead of going home and sobering up . "
Meanwhile , " Goldman 's VaR , or Value at Risk , which measures the amount of money the bank puts at risk on any given day " has " soared since last year . "
7. Government - approved CIA - style silence hides ' The Game '
The TARP Inspector General estimates total new debt for all bailout programs will be a staggering $ 23.7 trillion .
But the Fed Chairman refuses to disclose vital information , even to Congress .
Bernanke learned that trick from the CIA , so they can't be audited .
Taibbi warns that taxpayers are stuck with piles of Wall Street 's " worthless crap assets they acquired while they were playing roulette the past 10 years or so .
We just have no idea how much crap they unloaded on the Fed , or how much they borrowed . "
8 . New laws secure perpetual power for new ' Socialist Conspiracy '
Wall Street , under the command of the Goldman Conspiracy , can further consolidate power over the American people forever by making sure Congress and the President ( no matter which party wins elections ) passes other new laws :
Kill the proposed Consumer Financial Protection Agency .
Kill " public option " competition in the health - care reform .
Kill all efforts to revive Glass - Steagall .
Pass a " cap and trade " law so Wall Street can start gambling trillions in a new derivatives bubble .
Pass laws to guarantee Wall Street 's " too - stupid - to - fail " big banks unlimited access to taxpayer funds in the future , as they 've enjoyed since October .
Final comment :
More demands will naturally follow to empower this banana republic dictatorship disguised as the new " American Socialism . "
On Sunday evenings , my local NPR station airs old radio programs .
A few weeks ago it broadcast the episode of the show “ Command Performance ” that aired the day World War II ended .
“ Command Performance ” was a variety show that went out to the troops around the world .
On V - J Day , Frank Sinatra appeared , along with Marlene Dietrich , Jimmy Durante , Dinah Shore , Bette Davis , Lionel Barrymore , Cary Grant and many others .
But the most striking feature of the show was its tone of self - effacement and humility .
The allies had , on that very day , completed one of the noblest military victories in the history of humanity .
And yet there was no chest - beating .
Nobody was erecting triumphal arches .
“ All anybody can do is thank God it ’s over , ” Bing Crosby , the show ’s host , said .
“ Today our deep down feeling is one of humility , ” he added .
Burgess Meredith came out to read a passage from Ernie Pyle , the famous war correspondent .
Pyle had been killed just a few months before , but he had written an article anticipating what a victory would mean :
“ We won this war because our men are brave and because of many things  because of Russia , England and China and the passage of time and the gift of nature ’s material .
We did not win it because destiny created us better than all other peoples .
I hope that in victory we are more grateful than we are proud . ”
" The whole picture of risk - reward for emerging market currencies has changed .
It is not so much that they have risen to our standards , it is that we have fallen to theirs .
It used to be that sovereign risk was mainly an emerging market issue but the events of the last year have shown that this is no longer the case .
Look at the UK – debt is racing up to 100 pc of GDP , " he said
Been thinking quite a bit lately about package management in Linux .
The term itself is ambiguous and is often used to refer to two different functions .
Slackware , for example uses packages and has a “ package manager ” that is used to install them , even though most people disparage this distribution because it supposedly lacks one .
What Slackware does lack ( at least in its official form ) is a program which purports to manage all of your installed packages , check for updates and check for dependencies .
I ’m not sure exactly what we should call these programs but they are more than just package managers .
Red Hat - based distributions use a package manager called rpm and Debian - based distributions use one called dpkg but users rarely use those package managers directly .
They use what I guess I will call “ meta - package managers ” like apt - get or yum which , in turn , call the package managers to perform the actual installations .
Increasingly they use a graphical front - end that runs on top of apt - get ( Synaptic ) or yum ( Pup ) to confuse the matter even further .
That being said , I ’ve used most of these different package management systems and others and thought I would share my thoughts .
The Good
The Debian family ( apt - get , aptitude , synaptic ) - The most tested and best loved package management family out there .
Debian did it first and does it best .
Apt - get does such a nice job that it has been ported over to other distributions that are n’t even Debian - based .
PCLinuxOS used its own version even though it is an rpm-based distro .
Blag uses it even though it is based on Fedora .
Interestingly enough , it is n’t even the recommended updating program for Debian proper .
Aptitude is a more sophisticated version of apt - get that more closely analyzes your system and flags packages that might cause problems if they are upgraded without some additional analysis .
It is particularly useful if one is mixing repositories , using backports or non-official Debian repositories , or running the “ testing ” or “ Sid ” flavors of Debian which are more prone to breakage .
Synaptic is simply a graphical front end for apt - get .
Whatever version you use , you will generally find it to be faster than most any other package management system and one that does n’t bog down the entire computer while you are using it .
Arch Linux uses Pacman which , while less - known than apt - get is a very promising manager .
It is fast , maybe faster than apt - get .
It uses few system resources , maybe fewer than apt - get .
It is just as simple .
Typing “ pacman - Syu ” and then replying “ yes ” when it asks if you want to install the updates is all you have to do and your system will be fresh and new .
On the other hand , pacman is n’t as well - tested and does n’t really have any tools that will flag packages that might break the system .
As bleeding edge as Arch is , that would be a very useful tool .
That being said , pacman works and it works well .
The Bad
Red Hat has gotten a ( somewhat ) bad rap through the years for its package management and some of that criticism is still valid .
Yum is a reasonably good tool for command line updates and it runs a bit faster and with fewer system resources than it used to do .
If you are using Fedora or CentOS or a derivative thereof , do yourself a favor and use it .
The alternative is using one of the graphical front ends , whichever one Red Hat is trying out this year .
To be fair , the latest version is not terrible .
Pup wo n’t completely bog your system down and it wo n’t take an hour to do its work but it is n’t as good as it should be .
That being said , it is a whole lot better than up2date and yumex which were just awful when they worked at all .
It is almost unfair to include Red Hat in the same category as Suse because , frankly , Suse makes Red Hat look like geniuses .
I do n’t know why a company which can create arguably the most attractive and professional looking distribution available in the Linux world has such a godawful package manager .
Suse also uses rpm’s but has a different front end , whatever they might be calling it this week .
Unless you disable it , every time you log in to your Suse desktop , the system will check for updates and it will take forever to do it .
( Granted , most modern desktops –Ubuntu , Fedora , Debian –have some kind of alert when updates are available but you never notice them working . )
God forbid you actually click on the update and let it do its work .
This will take forever …and a day .
Worse yet , it does n’t even tell you what it ’s doing while it is doing it , just warning you not to stop it or something awful will happen .
If you disable this feature and manage to get into Yast which you ’ll find somewhere in that massive SLED menu , it will run a little better and a little faster but it is still just terrible and Novell should be able to do a whole lot better .
The Ugly
Gentoo is one of my favorite distributions .
It is n’t exactly easy to get set up and running the way you want but , once you do , it runs about as smooth and fast as any other distro .
That being said , its “ package manager ” is just one scary beast .
As a source - based distribution , it compiles every new package from the original source code .
It uses a kind of packaging called ebuilds which gives the system information about what options to use in compiling the code although many of those can be overridden by the user by changing your use - flags .
It also uses something called portage to fetch and install all of these updates and this , in turn , also is almost endlessly configurable and breakable .
If you truly want to update everything in your system , you can pretty much just type “ emerge - avUD world , ” hit enter and pray everything works .
To be fair , it usually does .
To be fair , it is hard to criticize portage for being slow when it is compiling everything from source but it can take an awfully long time if you are unfortunate enough to have a lot of updates .
And it breaks .
There is usually always a way to fix it and , once you get used it using it , you pretty much know what to do .
Still , it is messy and more confusing than it needs to be .
In other words , it is ugly and not for the faint of heart .
Linspire ( and Freespire ) are about as beloved by Linux enthusiasts as Windows .
It is n’t just because they tried to be a commercial distribution and sell you a cute little package at CompUSA .
One of their mistakes ( though one they are still trying to sell ) is their “ Click ‘n Run ” package manager .
On the surface , it looks like a good idea .
You just navigate to a web page , do a quick search , find your favorite package , and “ click and run . ”
Reminds me of that infomercial , “ you just set it and forget it ! ”
Also reminds me of Windows .
I like to see what it is the package manager is doing and CNR is n’t very transparent .
It uses apt - get somewhere in the bowels of what it is doing so it should be good .
You might think it is but I do n’t like it .
So there , that ’s my thoughts .
I welcome your comments .
If you liked it digg it
OTTAWA–Some bleary - eyed Toronto - area commuters are going to get taken for a ride today by Canada 's Economic Action Plan express .
The Conservative government has spent more than $ 46,000 to turn two GO train cars into rolling advertisements along the Lakeshore line for its stimulus spending program , which has been widely criticized for putting image ahead of substance .
The opposition parties have been hammering away at the Conservatives for weeks about wasting money on self - promotion rather than spending scarce public dollars on informing the public about such pressing matters as the H1N1 virus .
" If there was ever a time to advertise on transit this was the time to do it on H1N1 , not their economic plan .
They missed the opportunity and this affects the health of Canadians , " Liberal MP Kirsty Duncan ( Etobicoke North ) told the Star Thursday .
Duncan , a scientist who wrote a book about her 1998 expedition to uncover the cause of the 1918 Spanish flu epidemic , told an earlier news conference the government is " fixated " on promoting itself .
" Where is the billboard to tell Canadians how to protect their families against H1N1 ? "
Government records show at least $ 34 million has been spent on promoting its Economic Action Plan , which is the title of the Conservatives ' January budget .
Liberal party estimates go as high as $ 60 million .
Faisal Rasheed , of Toronto 's WestPalm Media , an advertising firm contracted to sell ads on the provincially owned GO Transit system , said ordinarily the rate to wrap a train car is $ 75,000 for eight weeks .
Rasheed said the federal government prohibited him from revealing details of the contract , including how many train cars were involved .
Chris Day , spokesman for Transport and Infrastructure Minister John Baird , said the money is well spent , and the deal is for far less than the going rate .
" As part of our advertising campaign to inform Canadians about the Economic Action Plan , we paid $ 44,000 net ( before taxes ) to fully cover both sides of two cars on the Lakeshore line ... and as such our innovative ad campaign can be seen for 10 weeks along one of the busiest commuter routes in Canada , " Day said .
" We think this is good value for Canadian taxpayers . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
A 12 million digit prime number , the largest such number ever discovered , has landed a voluntary math research group a $ 100,000 prize from the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) .
The number known as a Mersenne prime , is the 45th known Mersenne prime , written shorthand as 2 to the power of 43,112,609 , minus 1 .
A Mersenne number is a positive integer that is one less than a power of two , the group stated .
Layer 8 Extra :
The world 's 23 toughest math questions
15 genius algorithms that are n't boring
The computing project called the Great Internet Mersenne Prime Search ( GIMPS ) made the discovery on a computer at the University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) Mathematics Department .
Computing manager Edson Smith installed and maintained the GIMPS software at UCLA , and thousands of other volunteers also participated in the computation .
According to the GIMP
Web site the massive prime was first verified on June 12th by Tony Reix of Bull SAS in Grenoble , France using the Glucas program running on Bull NovaScale HPC servers , one featuring Itanium2 CPUs and another featuring Nehalem CPUs .
The prime was later independently verified by Rob Giltrap of Sun Microsystems using Ernst Mayer 's Mlucas program running on a Sun SPARC Enterprise M9000 Server .
The $ 100,000 prize will be awarded during EFF's Pioneer Awards ceremony on October 22nd in San Francisco .
EFF 's first Cooperative Computing Award , given for a prime number of at least a million digits , was awarded nearly 10 years ago .
Two Cooperative Computing Awards are still up for grabs : EFF will award $ 150,000 to the first individual or group who discovers a prime with at least 100 million digits , and $ 250,000 for a prime with at least a billion digits , EFF stated .
The huge prime number discovery comes close on the heels of another massive number finding .
A group of researchers in September said they , through a technique for multiplying large numbers , have figured out congruent numbers up to a trillion .
Apparently no one had taken them beyond a billion for some reason .
In case you were wondering , the first few congruent numbers are 5 , 6 , 7 , 13 , 14 , 15 , 20 , and 21 .
Many congruent numbers were known prior to the new research .
For example , every number in the sequence 5 , 13 , 21 , 29 , 37 , ... , is a congruent number .
But other similar looking sequences , like 3 , 11 , 19 , 27 , 35 , .... , are more mysterious and each number has to be checked individually .
The calculation found 3,148,379,694 of these more mysterious congruent numbers up to a trillion , the researchers said in a statement .
The problem , which was first posed more than a thousand years ago , concerns the areas of right - angled triangles .
The difficult part is to determine which whole numbers can be the area of a right - angled triangle whose sides are whole numbers or fractions .
The area of such a triangle is called a " congruent number . "
For example , the 3 - 4 - 5 right triangle which students see in geometry has area 1/2 × 3 × 4 = 6 , so 6 is a congruent number .
The smallest congruent number is 5 , which is the area of the right triangle with sides 3/2 , 20/3 , and 41/6 , researchers stated .
Layer 8 in a box
Check out these other cool stories :
What kind of cloud computing project would you build with $ 32 M ?
NASA teams with Air Force to step up commercial space pace
Computer programmers ready for smash - mouth brain battle
BBN doles out $ 11.5 million for research net that goes beyond the Internet
Harvard 's robotic bees generate high - tech buzz
Massive magnet pulls 100,000X more than Earth 's magnetic field
1,000 year - old math problem solved
Futuristic security surveillance system brings Big Brother to life
Seven future car technologies your tax dollars are paying for
The band formed in 1982 , and scored their first hit three years later
Pop group A - ha have announced they are to call it a day , just months after achieving a top 10 album in the UK .
" We 've literally lived the ultimate boy 's adventure tale , " the group , which formed 25 years ago , said .
The trio added that the split would allow them to pursue " other meaningful aspects of life , be it humanitarian work , politics , or whatever else " .
The Norwegian band scored international hits with The Sun Always Shines On TV and Take On Me in the 1980s .
Their most recent album , Foot Of The Mountain , marked a return to their synth - pop roots after a period in which they recorded chiming guitar ballads .
It charted at number five in the UK .
Farewell tour
However , the band never quite recaptured the spark of their heyday , when lead singer Morten Harket was a teen pin-up and the group were followed around by screaming fans .
They even broke a world record at Rio de Janeiro 's Maracana Stadium in 1991 , when 196,000 fans paid to see them .
But after the commercial failure of 1993's Memorial Beach , the band went on hiatus , only reforming after being invited to play the Nobel Peace Prize concert in 1998 .
Both Harket and guitarist Paul Waaktaar - Savoy released solo albums during this period .
The group have announced they will mount a farewell tour before disbanding .
Only the final date , in Oslo on 4 December 2010 , has so far been confirmed .
" We are retiring as a band , not as individuals , " the band reassured fans in their statement .
" Change is always difficult and it is easy to get set in one 's ways .
Now it is time to move on . "
Africa | World
Politics | Health | Economy - Development | Society | Human rights
Politics | Health | Economy - Development | Society | Human rights
World population data sheet shows more growth in Africa and Asia
afrol News , 12 August
There is more and more youth population concentrated in Africa and Asia as the world population approaches 7 Billion , the Population Reference Bureau 's 2009 has pointed out in its World Population Data Sheet and summary report , released today .
The report said global population numbers are on track to reach 7 billion in 2011 , just 12 years after reaching 6 billion in 1999 , adding that virtually , all of the growth is in developing countries and that the growth of the world 's youth population - ages 15 to 24 - is shifting into the poorest of those countries .
" Even with declining fertility rates in many countries , world population is still growing at a rapid rate , " said Bill Butz , PRB 's president .
" The increase from 6 billion to 7 billion is likely to take 12 years , as did the increase from 5 billion to 6 billion .
Both events are unprecedented in world history . "
According to the report , the projection for population growth in developing countries assumes that fertility in those countries will fall to the same low levels as in today 's developed countries , around two children per woman .
That is quite an assumption .
Currently , the highest fertility rate is said to be in Niger , at 7.4 children per woman , while the lowest rate is in Taiwan , at1.0 children per woman .
" The great bulk of today 's 1.2 billion youth - nearly 90 percent - are in developing countries , " said Carl Haub , PRB senior demographer and co-author of the data sheet , adding that eight in 10 of those youth live in Africa and Asia .
" During the next few decades , these young people will most likely continue the current trend of moving from rural areas to cities in search of education and training opportunities , gainful employment , and adequate health care , " he said , further stating that one of the major social questions of the next few decades is whether their expectations will be met .
The 2009 World Population Data
Sheet provides up - to - date demographic , health , and environment data for all the countries and major regions of the world .
It shows just how stark the contrasts are between rich and poor countries , as illustrated by the table with data from the United States , Canada , and Uganda .
Even though Canada and Uganda have close to the same population today , Uganda is projected to have more than double Canada 's population by 2050 .
The cause of these enormous differences , according to the report , is the difference in lifetime births per woman .
Ugandan women are said to have 6.7 children on average , five more than the average for Canadian women .
Other highlights of the data sheet show that Africa 's population has just passed 1 billion , further stating that the continent 's population is growing by about 24 million per year , and will double by 2050
The report also notes that about half the world lives in poverty , with nearly 50 percent of world population living on less than the equivalent of US $ 2 per day
The report further noted that HIV prevalence now appears to be on the decline in Africa , but rates are still far higher than in other world regions .
It cited for instance that Swaziland has the world 's highest rate of HIV at 26 percent of its population aged 15 to 49 .
By staff writer
© afrol News
On the Afrol News front page now
Rwanda succeeds including citizens in formal financial sector
afrol News -
It is called " financial inclusion " , and it is a key government policy in Rwanda .
The goal is that , by 2020 , 90 percent of the population is to have and actively use bank accounts .
And in only four years , financial inclusion has doubled in Rwanda .
Read more -
It is called " financial inclusion " , and it is a key government policy in Rwanda .
The goal is that , by 2020 , 90 percent of the population is to have and actively use bank accounts .
And in only four years , financial inclusion has doubled in Rwanda .
Famine warning : " South Sudan is imploding "
afrol News -
The UN 's humanitarian agencies now warn about a devastating famine in Sudan and especially in South Sudan , where the situation is said to be " imploding " .
Relief officials are appealing to donors to urgently fund life - saving activities in the two countries .
Read more -
The UN 's humanitarian agencies now warn about a devastating famine in Sudan and especially in South Sudan , where the situation is said to be " imploding " .
Relief officials are appealing to donors to urgently fund life - saving activities in the two countries .
Panic in West Africa after Ebola outbreak in Guinea
afrol News -
Fear is spreading all over West Africa after the health ministry in Guinea confirmed the first Ebola outbreak in this part of Africa .
According to official numbers , at least 86 are infected and 59 are dead as a result of this very contagious disease .
Read more - Fear is spreading all over West Africa after the health ministry in Guinea confirmed the first Ebola outbreak in this part of Africa .
According to official numbers , at least 86 are infected and 59 are dead as a result of this very contagious disease .
Ethiopia tightens its already strict anti-gay laws
afrol News -
It is already a crime being homosexual in Ethiopia , but parliament is now making sure the anti-gay laws will be applied in practical life .
No pardoning of gays will be allowed in future , but activist fear this only is a signal of further repression being prepared .
Read more -
It is already a crime being homosexual in Ethiopia , but parliament is now making sure the anti-gay laws will be applied in practical life .
No pardoning of gays will be allowed in future , but activist fear this only is a signal of further repression being prepared .
Since the demise of the Sporting Life in 1998 , the Racing Post newspaper and its website , racingpost.com , have been definitive sources of horse racing information for the British betting public .
However , if you ’re new to horse racing or unfamiliar with the Racing Post , we thought you might appreciate a brief taster of what to expect when you open its virtual pages .
The Racing Post launched an enhanced online offering , known as the Racing Post Members ’ Club , available to anyone willing to pay a monthly subscription , in 2009 .
However , the good news for horse racing fans is that all the essential features – cards , form , statistics , etc – are still available completely free of charge .
Obviously , it ’s difficult to review every single feature available in an article of this length , so we ’ll concentrate on how to read the cards and how to drill down to the information you need , whether its form , jockey , owner or trainer statistics , or anything else .
To find the racecard you want , click on “ Cards ” on the menu at the top of the Racing Post homepage .
By default , the cards for the current day ’s racing are displayed , meeting by meeting , but if you want to view racecards for the following day , or further into the future , click on “ Tomorrow ” or one of the other options at the top of the page .
For the sake of this example , let ’s say we want to view the racecard for Thirsk on Tuesday , September 16 on the evening of Monday , September 16 .
We click “ Cards ” , “ Tomorrow ” and the name of the race , “ Follow Us @ Thirskraces Handicap ” to display the following racecard .
Most of the information in the race header is self - explanatory and , in this case , we can see at a glance that this is a Class 4 handicap , exclusively for three - year - olds rated between 0 and 85 by British Horseracing Authority ( BHA ) , and due to be run over a mile on good to soft going .
It ’s only really when we examine individual horses that some of the letters and numbers on the racecard need further explanation , so let ’s have a look at them .
Racecard Number : A sequential number that identifies the position of the horse on the racecard .
Typically only used when placing a bet with a bookmaker on the racecourse , or a Tote bet .
Draw :
A number that identifies the position of a horse in the starting stalls .
Nowadays , on left - handed and right - handed racecourses , the numbering of the stalls always starts on the inside .
Finishing Position : A series of alphanumeric characters indicating the horse ’s finishing position in its recent races .
The numbers 0 to 9 indicate finishing positions , while you may also see the letters F for “ fell ” , O for “ ran out ” , P for “ pulled up ” , R for “ refused ” , RR for “ refused to race ” , S for “ slipped up ” and U for “ unseated rider ” .
Occasionally , you may also see the letter V for “ void ” , which means that the result of race in question for declared void for some reason .
Horse : Obviously the horse ’s name , but also a figure indicating the number of days since it last ran and an abbreviation for any headgear that the horse is set to wear .
Abbreviations you may come across include :
b for “ blinkers ”
c for “ cheekpieces ”
e for “ earplugs ”
h for “ hood ” ,
t for “ tongue tie ” and
v for “ visor ”
In all cases , a superscript “ 1 ” alongside the abbreviation means that the horse is wearing the headgear for the first time .
For example , b1 indicated blinkers first time .
Age :
The age of the horse , in years .
Regardless of their foaling date , all racehorses have their official birthday on January 1 .
Weight :
The weight that the horse is set to carry , regardless of any allowance claimed by an apprentice or conditional jockey , or any overweight .
Trainer :
The name of the trainer responsible for the horse .
RTF % : An abbreviation for “ Ran To Form ” ; the percentage of the horses in the trainer ’s care that ran as well as expected , according to their BHA rating , in the last 14 days .
Jockey :
The name of the jockey due to ride the horse in the race in question .
Apprentice or conditional jockeys , who claim an allowance , are indicated by a superscript number , usually a 3 , 5 or 7 , but sometimes a 10 , which represents the number of Imperial pounds they claim .
OR : An abbreviation for “ Official Rating ” ; the rating allocated by the BHA that represents , in Imperial pounds , the ability of once horse relative to another .
As you can see from the example above , a horse with an OR of 85 is required to concede 2lb to a horse with an OR of 83 , and so on , in a handicap .
TS : An abbreviation for “ Top Speed ” ; A rating based on the races times recorded by the horse , as calculated by the Racing Post .
The figure displayed is the best rating recorded by the horse , adjusted for the weight it is set to carry in the race in question .
RPR : An abbreviation for “ Racing Post Rating ” ; A rating based on the previous race record or , in other words , a private handicap rating calculated by the Racing Post , rather than the BHA .
The figure displayed is the best rating recorded by the horse , adjusted for the weight it is set to carry in the race in question .
Of course , one of the beauties of the Racing Post website is the ability to drill down to the race - by - race record of each horse on the racecard .
This , in turn , reveals a whole raft of further information and an explanation of that information will form a later article in this series , ‘ How to Understand the Racing Post Part II ’ .
We hope you enjoyed ‘ Winning Starts with Beginning : Understanding the Racing Post Part I ’and we will be back soon with another advanced betting guide .
In the meantime , we would love to hear your thoughts on ‘ Winning Starts with Beginning : Understanding the Racing Post Part I ’in the comments section below .
If you missed our previous post in this series , ‘ Ten Things You Might Not Know About The Racing Post ’ , you can read it here .
The needs of people in US are unpredictable and incalculable .
And , they can not pay these from their personal efforts because sometimes they are running short of money .
They have ...
LOS ANGELES 
The low - budget alien movie “ District 9 ” was No. 1 at the weekend box office with an estimated $ 37 million in ticket sales , a stronger than expected result fueled by a quirky marketing campaign .
“ District 9 , ” an R - rated social satire about a spacecraft that stalls over Johannesburg , cost only $ 30 million to make .
Peter Jackson of “ Lord of the Rings ” fame was the driving force as a producer , and the 29 - year - old Neill Blomkamp , whose previous feature experience is almost entirely confined to visual - effects work , was the director .
Perhaps because of Mr. Blomkamp ’s lack of directing experience and the film ’s budget , Hollywood saw “ District 9 ” mostly as an also - ran , a little fan - boy picture that was overlooked as the pack focused on behemoths like “ G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra . ”
But Sony Pictures Entertainment saw opportunity .
The studio , which acquired distribution rights to the film , backed “ District 9 ” with an unusual advertising campaign that echoed the paranoia of the movie ’s story line .
Billboards and bus ads , for instance , encouraged people to call a toll - free number to report nonhuman activity , resulting in thousands of calls .
Tiny cubes fold themselves up in a new way to make patterned 3D structures on the nanoscale
US researchers have made nano - sized boxes from nickel and tin - marking the first time that patterned 3D structures have been built on the nanoscale .
The boxes and fabrication process could have great potential for making interesting nanostructures , for applications ranging from electronics to drug delivery .
’ I ’m interested in miniaturising the world , ’ says David Gracias , who led the research at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore , US .
’ We have a lot of nanotechnology techniques that allow us to build very well in 2D - but building in 3D is more difficult . ’
The cubes resemble tiny dice around 100nm in size - patterned on each side with the university initials , JHU , in lines as thin as 15 nm .
’ Patterning in 3D is just as important as building in 3D , ’ Gracias adds .
’ This is because a complex surface allows the construction of circuits or attachment of substrates for biological or optical purposes . ’
Construction of the boxes started with a flat cross - shaped template , made from square ’ panels ’ of nickel joined together by ’ hinges ’ of fragmented tin , all fabricated on a silicon substrate .
When heat is applied to the template , the tin grains liquefy and melt together , creating torque that folds and lifts the plates into place , making a cube .
Using a foldable template means that the panels can be etched in 2D beforehand - either punctured with holes or inscribed with metal such as gold .
A downside of the technique is that it requires two treatments of electron - beam lithography - firstly to make the templates , and secondly to etch the sides of the cube away from the silicon surface so they can lift up .
This second process is also the source of the heat needed to melt the tin hinges .
By adjusting the amount of tin in the hinge , the angle of the fold can be changed .
The team is hoping to use this to design other interesting shapes like four - sided pyramids or maybe even 12 - sided dodecahedrons .
This is fantastic work - it uses a very unconventional approach to make unique 3D structures , ’ says Stephen Chou , a nanotechnology expert at Princeton University , US .
’ I can see many applications of such a creative nanofabrication method in sensors , nanofluidic devices , and others . ’
’ The idea of folding up 2D structures is not radically new , but it is amazing to see how this strategy can be used to build such complicated structures , ’ says Chengde Mao , at Purdue University , Indiana , US .
The boxes themselves may also prove useful in certain applications ; they are metallic and quite stable , so there could be potential in storage , transportation , labelling or confinement , Mao notes .
Lewis Brindley
Like so many others , I had tried to dig into the meat of HTML5 and figure out just what the heck was going on .
Like so many others , I had come away with my head reeling from the massive length and depth of the often - changing specification , unsure of the real meaning of much of what I had read .
And like so many others , I had gone to read the commentary surrounding HTML5 and come away deeply dispirited by the confusion , cross-claims , and rancor I found .
Then I received an invitation to join a small , in - person gathering of like - minded people , many of them just as confused and dispirited as I , to turn our collective focus to the situation and see what we found .
I already had plans for the meeting ’s scheduled dates .
I altered the plans .
Over two long days , we poked and prodded and pounded on the HTML5 specification — doing our best to figure out what was meant by , and what would result from , this phrase or that example ; trying to reconcile seemingly arbitrary design choices with what we knew of the web and its history and the stated goals of the HTML5 specification ; puzzling over the implications of example code and detailed algorithms and non-normative notes .
In the end , we came away with a better understanding of what ’s going on , and out of that arose some concerns and suggestions .
But in the main , we felt much better about what ’s going on in HTML5 , and have now said so publicly .
Personally , there are two markup changes I ’d like most to see :
The content model of footer should match that of header .
As others have said , the English - language name of the footer element creates expectations about what it is and how it should work .
As the spec now stands , most of those expectations will be wrong .
To wit : if your page ’s footer includes navigation links , and especially if you have an HTML5 - structured “ fat footer “ , you ca n’t use footer to contain it .
If this feels a little familiar , it should : the same problem happened with address , which was specified to mean only the contact information for the author of a page .
It was quite explicitly specified to not accept mailing addresses .
Of course , tons of people did just that , because they had an address and there was an address element , so of course they went together !
A lot of us cringed every time this came up in the last ten years of conducting training , because it meant we ’d have to spend a few minutes explaining that the meaning of the element ’s name clashed with its technical design .
We saw a lot of furrowed brows , rolled eyes , and derisively shaken heads .
That will be magnified a millionfold with footer if things are allowed to stand as they are .
As I said , the fix is simple : just change the content model of footer to state :
Flow content , but with no header or footer element descendants .
That ’s exactly the same content model as header , and for the same reasons .
time needs to be less restrictive .
That ’s not very precise , I know .
But as things stand now , you can only apply time to Gregorian datetimes , and you ’re not supposed to use it for anything that could n’t be easily represented in a calendaring program .
The HTML5 specification says :
The time element is not intended for encoding times for which a precise date or time cannot be established .
That makes me wonder , in a manner not at all like Robert Plant , how precise do we have to be ?
The answer , I ’m sorry to say , is too much .
To pick an example : I have what I think of as a great use case for the time element , and while it uses the Gregorian calendar , it ’s only accurate to whole months ( as is Wikipedia ’s version ) .
In some cases I could get the values down to specific days ; but in others , maybe not .
So I ca n’t use the datetime attribute , which requires at least year - month - day , if not actual hours and minutes .
I could omit the attribute , and just have this : < time > October 2007 </ time >
In that case , the content has to be a valid date string in content — which is to say , a valid date string with optional whitespace .
So that wo n’t work .
I ’ve pondered how best to tackle this , as did the Super Friends .
Our suggestion is to allow bare year and month - day values as permitted in ISO8601 .
In addition , I think we should allow a valid date string to only require a year , with month , day , and time optional .
That seems good enough as long as we ’re going to go with the idea that the Gregorian calendar contains all the time we ever want to structure .
But what about other , older dates , some of which are fairly precisely known within their own calendars ?
On that point , though the historian in me clamors for a fix , I ’m uncertain as to what .
PPK , on the other hand , has put alot of thought into this and written a piece that I have skimmed but never , perhaps ironically , found the time to read in its entirety .
These are not my only concerns , but they ’re the big ones .
For the rest , I concur with the hiccups guide , though of course to varying degrees .
I ’m still trying to decide how much I care ( or do n’t ) about the subtle differences between article and section , for example , or the way aside fits ( or does n’t ) with its cousin elements .
And dialog just bugs me , but I ’m not sure I have a better proposal , so I ’ll leave it be for the time being .
At the other end of the two days , I felt a good deal more calm and hopeful than I did going in .
As Jeffrey said , “ the more I study the direction HTML5 is taking , the better I like it ” .
While there are still rough edges to be smoothed , there is time to smooth them .
We ’ve already seen responsiveness on some of the points we addressed in the hiccups guide , and discussions around others .
The specification itself is daunting , especially to those who might remember the compact simplicity of the HTML2 spec .
Fortunately , it has good internal cross-linking so that you can , with effort , track down exactly what ’s meant by “ valid date string with optional time ” or “ sectioning content ” or “ formatBlock candidate “ .
With HTML5 , the web is not ending , nor is it starting over .
It ’s evolving , slowly and in full view of the public , with an opportunity for anyone to have their say ( which is not , of course , the same as having one ’s proposals accepted ) .
It ’s the next step , and I feel quite a bit more confident that it ’s a step onto solid ground .
Former Italian President Francesco Cossiga , who revealed the existence of Operation Gladio , has told Italy 's oldest and most widely read newspaper that the 9 - 11 terrorist attacks were run by the CIA and Mossad , and that this was common knowledge among global intelligence agencies .
Cossiga 's tendency to be outspoken upset the Italian political establishment , and he was forced to resign after revealing the existence of , and his part in setting up , Operation Gladio .
This was a rogue intelligence network under NATO auspices that carried out bombings across Europe in the 1960s , 1970s and ' 80s .
Gladio's specialty was to carry out what they termed " false flag " operations - terror attacks that were blamed on their domestic and geopolitical opposition .
In March 2001 , Gladio agent Vincenzo Vinciguerra stated , in sworn testimony , " You had to attack civilians , the people , women , children , innocent people , unknown people far removed from any political game .
The reason was quite simple : to force the public to turn to the state to ask for greater security . "
More ...
4D Quaternion Julia Set Ray Tracer
Published on 20 September 2009
A quaternion Julia set is a four - dimensional equivalent of the standard two - dimensional fractal .
By taking a 3D ' slice ' through the 4D space it is possible to visualise a solid fractal .
This quaternion Julia set ray tracer is a port of Keenan Crane 's Cg GPU implementation for Adobe Pixel Bender and a more general GLSL shader patch for Quartz Composer .
The Pixel Bender version lets you render out high resolution images in Photoshop CS4 ( or animate the parameters in After Effects ) .
The Quartz Composer patch lets you animate any parameter in real - time .
The maths bit
Complex numbers have two components that define a point in a plane and are the core build blocks of fractal calculations .
In 1843 the Irish mathematician Sir William Rowan Hamilton developed as a way of describing complex points in three - dimensional space .
The only snag was he had to add a fourth dimension to make the maths work ( hence the quad part of the name ) .
Whilst complex numbers are described as the sum of a real and imaginary component : z = a + bi , quaternions are similar but have three imaginary components : z = a + bi + cj + dk
Fractals can be calculated using quaternions with the usual equation z n+1 = z n 2 + c where we track which points have a magnitude greater than the bailout threshold .
The problem is trying to visualise the set of 4D points in 3D space .
At this point I 'll direct you to an excellent write - up Keenan has posted that describes the process in detail .
The ray tracing bit
The ray tracing is actually more like the ray - marching process I used in the procedural terrain renderer ; a ray vector is fired into the scene and stepped forward until it gets within a collision threshold of the fractal .
This brute - force approach is very inefficient but fortunately there are couple of optimisations that can be taken advantage of .
Firstly , a bounding sphere is defined as the limit of the fractal and used as the starting point for the initial ray vector for each pixel .
This removes any unnecessary stepping at the start .
Secondly , there is a distance estimator function that will return the distance to the closest point on the Julia set for any z point in quaternion space .
The distance estimator accelerates the ray tracing by a method called unbounding volumes , described in the paper Ray Tracing Deterministic 3 - D Fractals [ John Hart et al , 1989 ] .
At each point of the rays journey through quaternion space the distance estimator returns the distance to the closest point in the Julia set .
It means the next step the ray takes can be of this amount , which greatly reduces the overall number of steps required to intersect the fractal surface .
When the ray comes within a defined collision distance , epsilon , of the fractal surface the ray marching is stopped .
Note , a fractal has an infinite level of detail so the epsilon factor acts to smooth out the surface and make it renderable .
The normal vector for each point is generated from the gradient of the approximate fractal surface .
The full technique is described in the paper mentioned above .
Shading and ambient occlusion
My contribution with this shader is the addition of a basic ambient occlusion ( AO ) parameter .
AO darkens areas of a surface that are in close proximity and less likely to receive light from its surroundings .
When combined with standard shading , ambient occlusion gives a far more realistic looking image .
AO has been applied to quaternion Julia set fractals before by Inigo Quilez and animated here .
However , these implementations are quite involved requiring multiple passes and extra sampling .
The implementation used in this ray tracer is just an approximation and not physically accurate , but does add a visual improvement at very little additional computational cost .
Simply darken the surface by a factor proportional to the number of ray tracing steps taken for each point and the result is comparable to ambient occlusion .
It works thanks to a side effect of the unbounded volume ray tracing approach ; points that are least occluded are likely to be reached in fewer steps as the distance estimator function will return a large step size for the ray .
Whereas rays to points nested in creases or dips will require more steps because the neighbouring surfaces will cause the distance estimator to return a smaller step size .
The image below illustrates the different components that makes up the final surface .
Top row , left to right : pure ambient occlusion , pure phong .
Bottom row : ambient occlusion and phong combined , and finally everything ; a base colour with specular highlights and ray traced shadows .
Download and installation
Download the Quaternion Julia set ray tracer
Updated 14/12/2009 to fix an After Effects rendering bug .
For Pixel Bender open the QuaternionJulia.pbk file with the Adobe Pixel Bender Toolkit or copy it into the Pixel Bender Files folder in your Photoshop CS4 installation directory ( you will need to have installed the PB plugin for Photoshop first ) .
The Quartz Composer patch was created with Quartz Composer 4 , which is part of the new XCode .
It will also work with QC3 as the patch is just a GLSL shader .
I 've had it running without antialising at up to 30 fps @ 600x400 on my iMac with an NVIDIA GeForce 8800GS .
Just after porting this to Quartz Composer I discovered that Apple have released an OpenCL implementation for Snow Leopard .
With native support now built into Snow Leopard , OpenCL opens up some very exciting possibilities for future projects .
Older : Artforms of Nature Newer : 3D Mandelbulb Ray Tracer
We have some fangtastic news , tubers !
All right , that was a bit much , but we just can't hide our excitement .
Those nice folks at the Paley Center in Los Angeles are giving True Blood fans the chance to get up close and personal with the geniuses behind TV 's hottest vampire series .
No , real - life lovebirds Anna Paquin and Stephen Moyer wo n't be there , but this is your chance to hear scoop on the upcoming third season from the writers themselves , including show runner extraordinaire Alan Ball .
And for being a loyal Watch With Kristin devotee , we 're giving you the goods first .
Tickets for True Blood : Inside the Writers Room will be available this Thursday , Oct. 1 at the Paley Center website .
Satellite TV in Jordan , I discovered on my recent trip there , is a chaotic pleasure .
When my American friends talk about watching it , taxiing home after a long day , there ’s a little dread mixed with the hope of going into the kind of coma that only television can put one .
The standard satellite setup , dauntingly , has more than 500 channels shooting out their signals in languages from all over the world .
Finding something conventionally decent to watch is next to impossible for all but the practiced viewer .
When you find your way around , you can preset your favorite stations and forget all the rest .
But for those of us doomed to the full variety , the Jordanian boob tube becomes an obligatory tour of the human universe .
When all you want is Friends ( or even its Arabic equivalent ) , prepare to weed through Italian soaps , Iranian talk shows , the Pentagon channel , Egyptian poetry , Russian porn , Mecca 24/7 , Italian porn , state - run news , Kurdish divas , soccer , fútbol , American rap on Arab MTV , Bollywood revels , false prophets from Holland , German business commentary .
When you finally come to Courteney Cox and Jennifer Aniston , they ’re dubbed in Japanese .
I suppose the price you pay for living in a country that does n’t produce too much TV for its own good is that you ’re forced to learn about the rest of the world .
This learning should n’t be confused with CIA World Factbook - learning .
It ’s more like what you ’d get from a good intercontinental love affair .
At the very least , watching the satellite means being subjected to the fact that this planet is crowded and teeming with desires for every kind of stardom .
Amidst them all , our little languages and preferences are the tiniest of snowflakes falling in six continents ’ worth of static .
What if more Americans got this madness on their sets , rather than the endless rolling plains of midwestern accents ( dotted by the occasional Telemundo ) on spin - off networks of spin - off networks ?
There is n’t much that molds us more than channel - surfing .
The average home has more television sets than people , and each person watches close to four and a half hours a day .
That ’s more than 13 years out of a 71 - year lifetime .
Of course one can have no illusions that the general run of us will turn cosmopolitan overnight .
But there would certainly be some scattered , welcome oddities .
Subcultures of teenagers rebelling against their jingoistic parents might develop a taste for Iranian pop music .
Doing so , they could even grow up less willing to blow that particular pole of the Axis of Evil off the map .
A grandmother in Colorado might stumble upon a lasting loyalty to the Kazakh soccer team , though she ’ll never understand the sportscasters ’ language .
Even porn can be a cultural ambassador of sorts .
It reminds us of certain basic vulnerabilities shared the world over .
And the news , the glorious news in Jordan , sprinkled amidst the rest !
The sun never sets on the reach of the BBC , which has turned British colonial know - how into total situation awareness for all .
See proof that CNN is n’t dumb ( it just thinks we are ) by watching its international edition .
You ’ll quickly notice how our domestic version pales in comparison even to the Kremlin ’s English - language propaganda machine , Russia Today .
The up - and - coming crown jewel is none other than Al Jazeera , an island of common sense from the Persian Gulf , which makes up for what it lacks in slick graphics and endless pundits with skilled journalists and commentary by real movers and shakers from all over , whether they be government officials or Taliban warlords .
Fearing its willingness to give our enemies a hearing , the leading American cable provider , Comcast , has refused to carry Al Jazeera in the U.S.
Only the lucky denizens of northwestern Ohio ; Burlington , Vermont ; and Washington , D.C. have it on their basic cable .
English is only the beginning .
BBC , CNN , and Al Jazeera only whet my appetite for the foreign language news on the Jordanian dial that lies beyond my comprehension .
Now , back in the U.S. , big - screen and basic cable remind me that the sole purpose of world events is to watch how our presidential candidates gaffe about them .
We get opinion in exchange for information , sound bites in preference to perspectives , and partisanship as a cheap substitute for principle .
The more stations there are , the fewer our options seem to become .
Meanwhile , the free - for - all of what we call free speech has duped us into forgetting that there is any speech uttered beyond our own shores .
I ca n’t help but feel sorry for Joe the Jordanian plumber , who has to trudge through a world ’s worth of noise to find escape in his own language .
But , in the process , his satellite beams down a certain mystical wisdom from its orbit through space , one which his American counterpart does n’t come by so easily :
It ’s a big , bizarre planet out there .
• 5 January 2008
It might not be dead , but it 's definitely on the sickbed .
At the Frankfurt motor show this week , hydrogen cars were notable for their absence and electric vehicles ( EVs ) conspicuous by their presence .
Similarly , at the Low Carbon Vehicle show in the UK last week , it was EVs all the way – I did n't see a hydrogen car in sight .
So what 's going on ?
Have manufacturers looking for a green option decided that hydrogen is just too long - haul and that electricity is a better bet ?
Nissan seem to have taken that route , with senior vice - president Andy Palmer telling me last week that although their hydrogen vehicles are still under development , " the economics do n't work today to make it any more than niche at the moment " .
Nissan is plunging more than $ 300 m ( £ 183 m ) into developing its Leaf electric car , and is also researching plug - free charging to make EVs more convenient .
Like all other car manufacturers , it needs to balance out cutting today 's budgets with maintaining R&D for the future – and it seems to have decided the future is electric .
The same pattern seems to be repeating itself across the board .
BMW 's long - awaited hydrogen car , which I drove way back in 2007 still shows no signs of going into production , and meanwhile it 's ploughing lots of energy into the launch of the electric Mini E , which will be put through its paces by consumers over the next year ( a brilliant marketing plan allows consumers to sign up to lease the test - car and thus actually pay BMW to act as their research team .
Genius . )
Toyota may be promising to launch a hydrogen car in 2015 , but it 's the company 's hybrids that are being pushed today , while Peugeot , Mercedes and Audi , all companies who have excitedly unveiled hydrogen plans in the past , are now suddenly silent on the fuel .
The great evangelist for hydrogen , Honda , which has poured millions into the technology and practically staked its success on the gas , opted out of Frankfurt for financial reasons this year .
Perhaps the Honda folks are just feeling a bit too depressed .
The fact is that , despite loads of hype about hydrogen highways and a hydrogen economy , there are only a few isolated spots in the world where you can even find a single hydrogen filling station .
Germany recently committed to sorting out a hydrogen infrastructure , but really the world is much further along the path towards the infrastructure for electric vehicles than for hydrogen .
But do n't give up on chemical symbol H yet .
It 's only three years since the documentary " Who killed the electric car ? " hit our cinemas , after all .
The prospect of being able to turn water into fuel will also continue to hold an allure for many , and when oil prices start to head upwards again , car manufacturers will dust off their prototypes – desperate to flog whatever new low - carbon technology powers our cars , whether it 's electricity , hydrogen , biofuel or something else .
For now , however , I reckon the future 's electric .
The cover of the March 22 , 1952 issue of Collier ’s magazine made an audacious promise .
“ Man Will Conquer Space Soon , ” blared the headline , above a painting of a multi-stage rocket with engines blazing , bound for orbit .
Designed by German rocket pioneer Wernher von Braun , whose name was still unknown to most Americans , the Collier ’s spaceship was a sleek , needle - nosed beauty ; its winged third stage would be piloted to a runway landing .
But it was all wrong .
When the Soviet Union and the United States flew the first real spaceships just nine years later — far sooner than most experts had predicted in 1952 — they were anything but sleek .
One was shaped like a bowling ball ; the other resembled a Styrofoam coffee cup .
They came back to Earth not gliding on wings but dangling from parachutes .
What happened during those nine years to change the shape of spaceflight ?
It had less to do with dreams of conquering Mars than with the infant science of hypersonics , a classified missile program , and a couple of visionary engineers .
In the spring of 1952 , even as millions of Collier ’s readers marveled at the magazine ’s visions of the future , engineers were grappling in secret with the almost insurmountable difficulties of designing the first intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) .
Creating a rocket with enough power and accuracy to lob a multi- ton nuclear warhead at targets in the Soviet Union , some 6,000 miles away , was challenging enough .
But another problem was just as daunting : how to make sure the warhead survived its high - speed reentry from the edge of space .
Slamming into the upper atmosphere at 20 times the speed of sound , the warhead would encounter tremendous friction , creating temperatures of 12,000 degrees Fahrenheit .
A protective nose cone would have to be created ; the question was , what kind ?
To minimize friction , conventional wisdom called for using the same kinds of low - drag shapes — thin , knife - edge wings and sleek , needle - nose bodies — being developed for experimental supersonic aircraft like the Douglas Skyrocket .
But when models of needle - nosed shapes were tested in wind tunnels , the results were discouraging :
At Mach numbers approaching those expected for a real ICBM reentry , the tips of the nose cones began to melt .
Something was wrong with the conventional wisdom , and finding a solution would take an unconventional thinker .
There was such an engineer at the Ames Research Center , a National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics facility near San Francisco where researchers were exploring the boundaries of high - speed flight .
He was an ebullient , larger - than - life Californian named H. Julian Allen , known to colleagues as Harvey , a nickname taken from the invisible rabbit in the Broadway play .
Talking to him , colleagues sensed his agile mind ; in conversation he might jump from aerodynamics to Rachmaninoff ( an accomplished pianist , Allen would play a piece and challenge friends to guess the composer ) .
He also loved Asian culture , and on a trip to Cambodia ’s Angkor Wat bought so much furniture that he had to add a couple of rooms onto his Palo Alto house to contain it .
For his dinner guests , who sometimes numbered in the dozens , Allen would cook exotic meals ranging from Scandinavian dishes to Creole gumbos .
One colleague recalls his beef bourguignon as “ the best I ’ve ever eaten . ”
But his true genius was aeronautics .
He had helped design the P - 51 Mustang , one of World War II ’s most successful fighters .
Before the first sonic booms echoed over Edwards Air Force Base in the Mojave Desert , Allen was thinking about how to break the sound barrier , and by 1952 , as chief of the Ames High - Speed Research Division , he was exploring the field of hypersonics — flight at then - unattained speeds above Mach 5 .
“ Harvey was so broad in his ability to think , ” remembers fellow Ames aerodynamicist Jack Boyd .
“ He was always , it seems to me , about five or six years ahead of everybody else . ”
As an advisor on the secret ICBM program , Allen was well aware of the warhead reentry problem , and it was exactly the kind of situation where he thrived .
“ He was very , very strong in aerodynamics , ” says Jim Arnold , an aerodynamicist who came to Ames in 1962 .
“ But he also had the breadth to understand the physics that was going on .
A lot of aerodynamicists , you start talking about gas processes and the chemical reactions that go on , they just sort of blink , because they really work in a perfect - gas [ idealized ] world , where those effects are not important .
But he understood what ’s going to happen when you start going from , say , Mach 1 , which the P - 51 was approaching in a dive , to Mach 25 .
He understood what ’s going to happen when those vehicles go fast . ”
More than most of his colleagues , Allen was equally at home in the theoretical and the experimental realms .
He attacked the reentry problem not with a wind tunnel but with pencil and paper .
Having spent several years studying the details of airflow around supersonic jets , he now considered how a reentering warhead would interact with the upper atmosphere .
As the warhead slowed down , much of its kinetic energy would be converted into heat .
But Allen realized that the very thing that made low - drag shapes an advantage in supersonic flight — a minimum of drag — was a liability in hypersonic flight .
The pointed nose generated only a thin shock wave of compressed gas , which provided little protection from the intensely heated air around it ; the amount of heat reaching the warhead was far greater than any known material could withstand .
The answer , Allen realized , was to slow down the reentry by creating as much drag as possible , which could be accomplished by using a blunt shape .
The result would be a thick , free - standing shock wave that would insulate the warhead from most of the heat its deceleration generated .
Allen fostered a spirit of collaboration among his people :
He would frequently discuss ideas with colleagues over lunch .
When the reentry problem came up around the table on one such occasion in 1951 , Allen made the surprising suggestion that the right shape might be something resembling a Civil War cannonball .
By the summer of 1952 , he and Al Eggers , one of his young engineers , were immersed in a mathematical study of the problem .
Their results turned conventional wisdom on its head .
“ Not only should pointed bodies be avoided , ” they wrote in a classified 1953 paper , “ but the rounded nose should have as large a radius as possible . ”
When Allen and Eggers ’ paper was circulated among missile researchers , the findings were met by intense skepticism .
But that did n’t faze Allen .
“ He just thought of it as another hurdle he had to cross , ” Boyd recalls , “ and it did n’t really bother him very much … which I thought was remarkable .
He took what criticism he got and what accolades he got sort of the same way : ‘ I ’m just doing what I want to do . ’ ”
By 1955 , after extensive testing in wind tunnels , the Air Force had adopted the blunt - body shape for the nose cone of its Atlas ICBM , which was then in development .
But it was n’t until 1957 , when the 1953 paper was declassified , that the world learned of Harvey Allen ’s achievement .
News coverage hailed Allen ’s discovery as a stroke of genius .
Hugh Dryden , director of the NACA , “ ranked the discovery with the development of a smaller hydrogen bomb , ” according to the New York Times .
“ He said it had lifted the status of the ballistic missile from a practical impossibility to a virtual certainty . ”
Allen downplayed his role in the breakthrough , telling one reporter in 1957 , “ It ’s all in the physics book … .
All I did was apply known laws . ”
But his accomplishments still evoke admiration ; aviation historian Tom Heppenheimer calls the 1953 treatise “ quite probably … the single most important paper ever written in the field of hypersonics . ”
In the 1950s , many in the military services were consumed with designs for warheads and missiles , but a small community of engineers was working on human travel outside the atmosphere .
In the young field of spaceflight , designers still thought in terms of winged , streamlined vehicles .
By the fall of 1957 , in a project with the Air Force , a handful of NACA engineers had designed a rocketplane called the X - 15 , which was designed to reach speeds up to Mach 7 and altitudes of 50 miles or more — the edge of space .
Even though the first X - 15 flight was two years away , they were already envisioning a more advanced craft , a hypersonic glider that would launch atop an ICBM on a suborbital trajectory .
Everyone assumed this would lead in a slow , incremental way to orbital flight , a milestone that piloted vehicles might not reach for a couple of decades .
In mid-October 1957 , the engineers working on the X - 15 ’s successor gathered at Ames for the so - called Round Three conference to debate the merits of competing designs for the hypersonic glider .
One engineer , a small and wiry man named Max Faget , would make the crucial connection between Harvey Allen ’s blunt - body concept and human spaceflight .
Faget ( pronounced “ fah - JAY ” ) came from a family of innovators .
In the mid-19th century , his great - grandfather , Jean - Charles Faget , helped save New Orleans from a yellow fever epidemic by discovering a telltale change in body temperature and pulse rate that became known as Faget ’s Sign .
The discovery made it possible for doctors to diagnose victims and isolate them before the disease could spread .
In the 1940s , Max ’s father , Guy Faget , discovered the first successful treatment for leprosy .
Max , in love with airplanes , chose aeronautical engineering .
Singularly confident , he never worried about fitting in .
In 1946 , he arrived for his first job interview at the NACA ’s Langley Research Center in Virginia wearing shorts , sandals , and a Hawaiian shirt .
The center hired him anyway , as much for his guts as his brains ; Langley director Robert Gilruth , who went on to head NASA ’s Manned Spaceflight Center in Houston during the Apollo moon landings , was impressed by Faget ’s volunteering for submarine duty in World War II .
Although his attire became more conventional later — he was fond of bow ties —
Faget never lost his streak of individualism .
During meetings he might startle colleagues by leaping over chairs ( he ’d been a gymnast in college ) or doing a headstand — to improve the blood flow to his brain , he said .
For all his eccentricities , however , Faget ’s approach to engineering was steadfastly practical .
NASA legend Chris Kraft , who saw Faget in action from the space program ’s earliest days , calls him “ as brilliant an engineer as I have ever known , bar none . ”
At the time Faget and the others arrived at Ames for the Round Three conference , the Soviet Union had just launched Sputnik .
All of them realized it was only a matter of time before the Soviets would follow their achievement with a manned spacecraft .
To Faget , slow , incremental progress would no longer do ; the most important thing was getting Americans into orbit as soon as possible .
He knew that would n’t happen with the kinds of designs then being considered for the hypersonic glider ; reentry heating would do them in .
At Ames , Faget crossed paths with Harvey Allen , who described his blunt - body concept .
“ I bought it right away , ” Faget told me in an interview years later ( he died in 2004 ) .
Back at Langley , he spent the next several months designing a wingless , blunt - body manned vehicle that would reenter on a ballistic path .
When the Round Three participants reconvened at Ames in March 1958 , this time to work out a plan for an orbital vehicle , Faget presented his concept .
And like Allen before him , he encountered skepticism .
True , the X - 15 , like its planned successors , would reenter the atmosphere with its nose high , presenting its broad underside to the airflow in what was essentially an application of the blunt - body principle .
But it was still an airplane , with its flight path controlled by a pilot .
Faget was talking about a wingless body whose occupant seemed more like a passenger .
But he was completely convinced .
One of those in attendance was a young NACA test pilot named Neil Armstrong , who remembers Faget ’s bluntness as he addressed the gathering .
“ Max made his pitch , ” Armstrong recalls , “ saying with substantial emphasis something to the effect that if we wanted to get a man into orbit in a reasonably short period of time with technology that was available to us , the only reasonable option was the wingless blunt body flying a ballistic trajectory .
I think Max was frustrated that everyone could not immediately seem to see the logic of his proposal . ”
“ It was so obvious , ” Faget later recalled .
“ But believe me , this was n’t an acceptable solution to most of my colleagues .
It was anathema .
It was a break with the faith … .
But it was the right way to do it . ”
What Faget loved about the design was its simplicity .
For the astronaut to return to Earth , only one event — firing the retro-rockets in the right direction to slow down the craft so it could fall out of orbit — need happen .
From then on , a broad , gently curving heat shield would face into the direction of flight , slowing the craft until it was in the lower atmosphere , when it would deploy a parachute for landing .
Throughout the spring and summer of 1958 , Faget continued to refine the concept for the ballistic craft , which came to be known as “ the capsule . ”
Longtime collaborator Caldwell Johnson refined Faget ’s ideas in superb engineering drawings ; other colleagues performed wind tunnel tests on candidate shapes .
To minimize heating , they found , the heat shield should possess a radius of curvature 1.5 times its diameter .
Other tests showed that if the capsule itself were shaped like a truncated cone , it would automatically right itself during reentry , even if the onboard control system failed , an event Faget considered likely .
Another concern raised during the Ames conference was that ballistic reentry would be associated with high G - forces .
In response , Faget invented a form - fitting “ survival couch ” to help pilots withstand the crushing deceleration .
When volunteers rode the contour couch in a Navy centrifuge , they endured more than 20 Gs.
Faget knew the problem had been solved .
Ultimately , one characteristic of the ballistic vehicle clinched its selection :
It was lightweight enough to be launched by the Atlas missile , whose payload capacity was 2,000 pounds .
( The orbital version of the X - 15 would have required a launcher more powerful than anything in existence . )
By the end of 1958 , NACA had become NASA , and Faget ’s capsule had been chosen for the agency ’s new effort , now christened Project Mercury .
The Mercury spacecraft went on to put the first Americans in orbit — but not before Soviet cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin , riding in a craft called Vostok , got there first .
Taking advantage of the greater payload capacity of their R7 booster , the Soviets gave Vostok a spherical shape , like Harvey Allen ’s cannonball , so there was even less worry about controlling its orientation during reentry .
But Faget ’s gently curved heat shield showed up in the next - generation Soviet spacecraft , called Soyuz — just as it did in Gemini and Apollo .
Even the space shuttle , the first winged spacecraft , reentered in the nose - high attitude of the X - 15 , using a modified blunt - body approach along with advanced insulating tiles to save its skin from the heat of reentry .
And today , as the shuttle era draws to a close , NASA ’s newest manned vehicle , Orion , is back to the “ capsule ” shape — proving once again that when it comes to spaceflight , blunt is beautiful .
Andrew Chaikin ’s latest book is Voices From the Moon : Apollo Astronauts Describe Their Lunar Experiences ( Studio , 2009 ) .
I gave my Expanding Involvement in F/ OSS talk at PLUG West this past Monday .
One of the great things about PLUG is how our different venues give us different audiences .
When I gave this talk down at our Central chapter held at USP the majority of the audience was college kids , hobbiests and consultants , while talks at a business park in Malvern yield a wider audience of IT professionals in large companies .
Since I encourage audience participation during my talks , the direction the talks took was very different in each area , at Central we ended up with the lead dev of OpenHatch.org giving a demo , at West we ended up discussing how F / OSS is marketed .
Now my talk focused on getting more people to contribute to F / OSS , in part , by attracting contributions from people who traditionally may not have been involved , more stay at home moms , professional usability experts , Joe the Plumber testing your point of sale project running on Linux .
The point that brought us in the general Marketing direction was when I said “ F / OSS needs to change their Marketing strategy to get these people interested ” and immediately I received a comment from the audience “ F/ OSS has a marketing strategy ? ”
Everyone laughed , but I quickly wrapped up the rest of my slides ( this was toward the end anyway ) and our Q&A focused on the Marketing of F / OSS .
A lot of great points came up in the discussion that I had n’t thought much about .
Some of the topics that were discussed :
How do I convince my neighbor to switch ?
Within the F / OSS community we frequently want to tout the virus - free nature of Ubuntu and how it ’s free .
In some ways I believe we ’ve already converted most of the adventurous folks we can convert by using these arguments and randomly giving out LiveCDs
For the rest of our audience ?
Unfortunately we ’re up against a couple of common misconceptions :
Computers are supposed to crash and have viruses , when the computer gets slow you reboot , reinstall or take it to the computer shop down the street Windows is free , it came with the computer !
Software is a black box on the shelf , there no way to impact development , feature requests or bugs , you just have to buy something else if there is a problem or deal with it and hope the next version fixes it
It ’s time to redefine our message and get more personal .
Offer support personally , through your LoCo team and introduce them to the Ubuntu support community
Do demos where you show off Synaptic , not only is Ubuntu free ( afterall , “ Windows is too ” ) but all these thousands of amazing software packages are also free !
Do n’t oversell it – I love Ubuntu and have been using Linux full time for almost 8 years , it ’s tempting to just tell stories about marathon uptime and flawless upgrades , but people will run into problems .
The key is to carefully impress upon the potential user that every OS has problems , but the ones in Ubuntu are ones you can fix , complain about , maybe even help resolve !
Related to this question but perhaps drifting away from the neighbor example .
I also believe in selling a solution , not necessarily F / OSS itself .
When you approach a non -profit to help them create a classroom where they can teach job - hunting on the internet , bring in a small Ubuntu Linux Terminal Server Project deployment ( can be three old laptops , one acting as a server and the others as thin clients ) as a demonstration of what can be done with a handful of discarded Pentium 3s .
Use this for free , on old hardware , and there is no need to maintain OS installs on a whole room full of PCs !
Another example is an Open Source Personal Video Recorder , by far the most successful events for “ regular people ” that Ubuntu Pennsylvania has hosted have been our Mythbuntu presentations and installfests .
It ’s not Ubuntu we ’re getting people to switch to , it ’s a Tivo alternative with many benefits that include lower cost and more flexibility .
How do I explain that F / OSS is Free ( as in beer ) ?
At the Trenton computer festival earlier this year we had an encounter with a fellow who decided to argue with us about whether Ubuntu could be anywhere near the quality of Windows since Microsoft pours hundreds of millions of dollars into development and Ubuntu does n’t have near that much and it ’s given away for free .
This surprised me , and was difficult to convincingly respond to on the spot .
And perhaps more important than responding to a single person at a computer festival ?
Business - wise , there are companies pouring a significant amount of money into marketing their products and portraying F / OSS as “ insecure , unreliable , unsupported and developed by random people on the internet . ”
This misconception is one that the F / OSS community needs to work against .
Much of what we came up with during the discussion at the meeting is that it ’s not strictly volunteers working on F / OSS .
Companies all over the world are built using F / OSS and are constantly contribute back , LinuxForce ( if I do say myself ! ) , Google , Linode and Unisys are the first examples that come to mind , but there are thousands and thousands of others that contribute in large and small ways by employees who are paid for development .
You also have companies like Red Hat and Canonical who have full time developers contributing to the operating systems and run with a business model of support contracts rather than software sales .
Contrary to popular belief , today ’s F / OSS demographic is not all white college nerds in basements .
I ’d also be interested in seeing articles about the finances of F / OSS ( something more concrete , practical and current than The Cathedral and the Bazaar , please ) so I could better explain with real examples .
How do I get non-standard contributors to contribute ?
My talk centered around things you can do to make your project attract more contributors of all kinds , but I did n’t explore deeply into how this is done because my talk was too general .
I think this probably deserves a whole talk itself .
Our meeting discussion primarily came up with the need to target individual strengths , show how they can be useful within the F / OSS community .
It ’s very frustrating when I hear people with their “ I tried to get my girlfriend to use Ubuntu , but she did n’t care ” lines .
If that ’s the response you ’re getting you ’re Doing It Wrong .
A perfect example of Doing It Right is from Duda Nogueira yesterday , in his post My mother on Ubuntu Artwork Karmic Release Shortlist !!:
Since she knows about the whole Open Source thing , and uses Ubuntu since 2006 , I told her about this contest .
She start sending her photos right away !
She was excited to help the Ubuntu Project with what she can , and have her photos used all over the world !
Last week , she was VERY HAPPY to to have 5 photos selected to the Ubuntu Artwork Karmic Release Shortlist !
Bravo !
Thank you !
He shared knowledge about the Open Source community with someone , and knowing her strengths he let her know of opportunities within the community where her skills could be used .
There needs to be much , much more of this .
F/ OSS has opportunities for all kinds of people with all kinds of skills , moreover F/ OSS involvement is extremely rewarding on both personal and professional levels .
Many people do n’t even realize such a community exists , and if they do the assumption is often that it ’s “ just a bunch of coders , I ca n’t help . ”
There was also a very good article published over at ITWorld.com by Esther Schindler titled Mentoring in Open Source Communities : What Works ?
What Doesn’t ?
As we reach out to a broader range of folks to contribute to F / OSS , I feel mentoring programs that work with individuals to pinpoint their skills and interests are important .
Huge thanks to Fred Stluka for posting this to the PLUG list following my talk and generally being very engaging during the talk and follow - up discussion .
Oh and I do quite like his tradition of buying the speaker dinner when we all go out for food and drinks afterwards , yum , thanks again !
I ’ve only scratched the surface of this discussion by summarizing what we were able to discuss at a single LUG meeting , but it ’s a fascinating and important topic and one I hope more folks will take time to embrace and discuss .
Last minute addition :
Fred just posted this to the list , a second article by Esther , the same subject as my talk : How to Attract More People to Your Open Source Project Excellent !
[ / caption ]
The Cassini spacecraft has been in orbit around Saturn since 2004 and during its mission , has watched nine different lightning storms rage on the planet .
But this latest one is the longest lasting and most powerful storm yet : it has been going on since mid-January 2009 with no end in sight .
It broke the storm duration record of 7.5 months set by another thunderstorm observed by Cassin between November 2007 and July 2008 .
Lightning discharges in Saturn ’s atmosphere emit very powerful radio waves which are about 10,000 times stronger than their terrestrial counterparts and the huge thunderstorms in Saturn ’s atmosphere have diameters of about 3,000 km .
The storm is coursing through “ Storm Alley , ” a region which lies 35 degrees south of Saturn ’s equator where these mammoth storms occur .
On board Cassini measuring these storms are the antennas and receivers of the Cassini Radio and Plasma Wave Science ( RPWS ) instrument .
“ These lightning storms are not only astonishing for their power and longevity , ” Dr. Georg Fischer of the Austrian Academy of Sciences , “ the radio waves that they emit are also useful for studying Saturn ’s ionosphere , the charged layer that surrounds the planet a few thousand kilometers above the cloud tops .
The radio waves have to cross the ionosphere to get to Cassini and thereby act as a natural tool to probe the structure of the layer and the levels of ionization in different regions . ”
The observations of Saturn lightning using the Cassini RPWS instrument are being carried out by an international team of scientists from Austria , the US and France .
Results have confirmed previous studies of the Voyager spacecraft indicating that levels of ionization are approximately 100 times higher on the day - side than the night side of Saturn ’s ionosphere .
“ The reason why we see lightning in this peculiar location is not completely clear , ” said Fischer .
“ It could be that this latitude is one of the few places in Saturn ’s atmosphere that allow large - scale vertical convection of water clouds , which is necessary for thunderstorms to develop .
However , it may be a seasonal effect .
Voyager observed lightning storms near the equator , so now that Saturn has passed its equinox on 11 August , we may see the storms move back to equatorial latitudes . ”
Saturn ’s role as the source of lightning was given added confirmation during Cassini ’s last close flyby of Titan on August 25 .
During the half hour that Cassini ’s view of Saturn was obscured by Titan , no lightning was observed .
“ Although we know from Cassini images where Saturn lightning comes from , this unique event was another nice proof for their origin . ” said Fischer .
Fischer presented his findings at the European Planetary Science Congress in Potsdam , Germany .
Source : Europlanet
A lot of effort and air has been expended in explaining how the mere presence of quarterback Mike Vick makes the Eagles offense a nightmare for opposing defensive coordinators .
Less of the same has been spent examining the cost of getting Vick involved for the rest of the Eagles offense .
Thursday night , the Eagles ’ first offense was too often sloppy and out of sync in the first half against the Jaguars .
After the game , Donovan McNabb took care not to tread on the implementation of plays involving Vick .
But he also clearly stated that shuffling Vick in and out — at least in this first game — was disruptive .
Jeff McLane of the Philadelphia Inquirer relayed this answer from McNabb when asked if he felt the Eagles ’ offense needed to get back to basics near the end of the first half , after Vick was sprinkled in liberally during the first few drives .
“ Absolutely , absolutely .
I did , ” said McNabb .
“ In that situation , it ’s needed .
I know what we were trying to do [ with Vick ] and we were able to get that done .
I thought it was time for us to kind of get our offense going . ”
McNabb then pointed out that , running their normal offense , the Eagles began to move the ball better .
“ I think that ’s very important in a game , whether it ’s in the regular season or the preseason , to get that rhythm going .
If you ’re going to show different looks , make sure it ’s the right time .
That ’s what the preseason ’s for to make sure you know when that time is and we ’ll get that time together .
I thought it was important at that time to get out and run our offense . ”
When asked if it was hard to get a rhythm with Vick mixing in , McNabb said , “ It was tough .
I think in any situation , honestly , when you ’re trying something new , it ’s important that you get into a rhythm first and then try to work it in there in the offense .
Offensively , we just ca n’t get that going consistently and I thought we did some great things that presented pressure to the defense but at some point you have to get into a rhythm and get things going down the field and move the chains . ”
Eagles coach Andy Reid was asked about the rhythm of the offense regarding Vick and said , “ If you ’re going to use that a little but , then you have to work it in there .
That ’s what we ’re going to do as we go down the road here .
I expect the guys to make that part of the rhythm and make it work .
That will happen there . ”
Certainly this was a night for trial - and - error in Philly .
And it will likely get tuned up .
But it ’s also worth pointing out that , the third preseason game is the one in which you want your team to closely resemble what it ’s going to be when the regular season starts .
The Eagles are implementing gadgetry that would have been better worked in during OTAs , minicamps , and training camp .
But it was n’t .
And it ’s worth wondering : ( 1 ) how long it will take ; ( 2 ) how much it will impact a team with Super Bowl aspirations in the early part of a season that , for the Eagles , begins in 16 days .
MIDDLEVILLE -- Francie Brummel and Lisa Snyder thought they had a perfect solution to getting their two kids on the Thornapple Kellogg school district bus .
But that solution has landed Snyder in hot water , and state Rep. Brian Calley , R- Portland , is trying to fast - track legislation to undo the mess .
Brummel drops her 7 - year - old son off at Snyder 's nearby house on her way to work , where he waits for about an hour before the bus comes each morning .
Another neighbor , Lori Forbes , brings her son and Mindy Rose 's son to Snyder 's home as well , then waits with all of them for the bus .
" We thought it was this awesome solution , " Brummel said .
" Neither of our kids wanted to get on the bus by themselves . "
But after only three days of school , Snyder was notified by the state Department of Human Services that a neighbor had filed a complaint that she was operating an illegal day care out of her home .
" I 'm not doing anything wrong , or anything a lot of other parents do n't do all over the country , " said Snyder , a stay - at - home mom .
The women are all friends who live near each other in a rural part of Barry County .
Snyder 's home on Thornbird Drive is a designated bus stop , and the children would all ride the same bus anyway .
" Honestly , I do n't think you 'll meet a person with children who has n't broken this law , " said Snyder .
She said she got nowhere when she contacted the state to try and explain the situation and reaffirm that she does not take any money for helping out her neighbors .
According to state law , a person cannot provide care for unrelated children in their home for more than four weeks per calendar year unless they are licensed or registered with the state .
Failure to do so is a misdemeanor punishable with fines or jail time .
Calley said the legislation he introduced this week would exempt families from state day care rules for what is essentially babysitting .
" My bill basically allows Michigan residents to be good neighbors , " he said , adding that the Middleville situation seems to be an " extreme case of government intrusion . "
Rose said it would n't be practical to find or pay for day care for the few minutes each morning that her son is at Snyder 's house .
" I'm a single mom , " she said .
" I have to work , and , honestly , I do n't know what I would do if I could n't bring my son here to get on the bus every morning .
I know he 's safe .
I 'm not going to leave him home alone . "
" If she goes to jail , I should too , " said Forbes .
" We all watch each other 's kids or friends ' kids .
It 's really , really sad that friends and neighbors can't help each other out without having the state get involved . "
E -mail the author of this story : localnews@grpress.com
Inquiring minds are pondering the question " Is the Stock Market a Leading Indicator ? "
Please consider the following two charts .
S&P Monthly Chart 1980 - 1992
click on chart for sharper image
Vertical bars on the chart show when recessions began .
There were three recession isn this period , starting January 1980 , July 1981 , and July 1990 according to NBER Business Cycle Expansion and Contraction Data .
The NBER is the official determinant of recessions .
Looking at a chart of the S&P it is difficult to suggest the Stock Market is a leading indicator , coincident perhaps but certainly not leading .
Moreover , the biggest decline during the period was a 35.9 % drop in 1987 , a period in which there was no recession .
Furthermore , I circled four areas with very similar patterns in the 1980 - 1992 timeframe that were recessions following essentially sideways corrections in the S&P 500 .
Two of them were recessions , two were not .
For the 1981 recession and the 1990 recession , one could only tell there was a recession coming in hindsight .
Finally the January 1980 recession vs. the S&P 500 looks like noise .
The stock market actually rose at the start of the recession .
S&P Monthly Chart 1998 -2009
click on chart for sharper image
There were two recessions in the 1998 - 2009 timeframe .
The clearest case that the stock market is leading came in the recession that began in March 2001 .
However , the recession ended in November 2001 yet the stock market made a substantial new low mid-2002 with a double bottom test in Spring of 2003 .
The stock market declined 34 % after the recession was over .
Is that a leading indicator ?
Of what ?
For the recession that began in December 2007 , the S&P 500 was down only a few percent from its all time high .
Is that a leading indicator ?
Clearly the answer is no .
The S&P 500 was a coincident indicator for the entire recession .
The NBER has not yet declared the end of the recession but it will do so and it will be backdated , most likely to Spring of 2009 .
If so , the market will have proven to have been a coincident indicator , known only in hindsight .
Conclusion
The stock market is at best a coincident indicator , known only well after the fact .
Furthermore , even as a coincident indicator , the stock market gives many false signals , making it totally useless for all practical purposes .
The theory that the stock market is a reliable leading indicator is a myth easily shattered by simple observation of the facts .
For further discussion of leading indicators , please see Can We Really Trust The Leading Economic Indicators ?
Mike " Mish " Shedlock
http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com
Click Here To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
The Ginetta - Zytek hybrid racer from Corsa Motorsports combines two things we love best : high technology and auto racing .
The gas - electric car ran again last weekend at Elkhart Lake , Wisconsin , and we corralled driver Johnny Mowlem to ask the biggest question we 've had since the car made its American Le Mans Series debut earlier this season :
What 's it like to drive ?
" Cool ! " Mowlem told us by phone after Friday 's practice session in the car , called the 09HS .
You could almost see him smiling as he said it with his British accent .
His enthusiasm for the car was infectious , and it's easy to see he 's a big believer in the technology .
Le Mans–style racing has become the place where enviro - friendly ideas like biofuels and hybrid drivetrains are put to the test .
The successes of the Audi and Peugeot diesels at Le Mans are well known , and here in the states the American Le Mans Series has ushered in a series of initiatives to make racing greener and the technology more relevant to cars the rest of us drive .
We 've been following the Ginetta - Zytek hybrid racer for a while now , and the car is doing quite well given that it 's seen just three races .
The car finished seventh overall on Sunday .
It took third place during its first outing at Lime Rock , a race – and a finish – Mowlem called " exciting . "
The car has made a strong start to be sure , but the downside is its growing pains are occurring with the whole world watching .
There 's a lot of pressure when everyone 's watching you .
" It can seem like two steps backward , three steps forward , " Mowlem said of the car 's development .
Of course , you 've got to got through that if you 're going to work out the bugs .
" It 's frustrating , " he said , before quickly adding , " [ I ] love it and love the racing . "
The hybrid technology in the Ginetta - Zytek differs from the kinetic - energy recovery system used this season in Formula 1 .
The racing regulations require the system to work as it would in a road car , so there is n't a button Mowlem or his teammate Stefan Johansson can push to get an added boost of power as in F1 .
The car sports a 4.0 - liter V - 8 engine and a 45 - kilowatt electric motor .
The motor is mounted between the engine and the gearbox .
Regenerative braking stores power in a lithium - ion battery made by Continental .
As Racin ' Today notes , the car is still a work in progress .
Johansson said the team has n't yet enjoyed all the benefits of the electric motor .
" It would be nice to get 20 , 30 or 40 more horsepower , " he told Racin ' Today .
According to Autoblog Green , the car completed one lap of Silverstone in England on electric power alone and hit 75 mph during a testing session earlier this year .
Mowlem ssaid the system offers seamless power delivery that 's so smooth he " ca n't tell when it 's on . "
ALMS officials want to see a direct transfer of racing technology to road cars , and Mowlem said Zytek – which built the car for Corsa – embraces that philosophy .
Zytek also developed the KERS system McLaren - Mercedes is using this season .
Driver Lewis Hamilton took first place at the Hungarian Grand Prix using the system .
Corsa Motorsports is preparing the car for a strong race during the season finale at the Petit Le Mans .
Mowlem said the team figures it will have most of the bugs worked out by then and we 'll see what the technology is truly capable of .
Corsa 's ultimate goal is to showcase the technology at the 24 Hours of Le Mans .
We 'll keep you posted .
Photos : ALMS
See Also :
How you feel about this clip probably determines what you think of last night 's Torchwood .
If you think this is a …
By Julian CardonaCiudad Juarez , a Mexican town on the U.S. border where daylight murders and beheaded bodies have become the norm , could be the world ’s most violent city .
With 130 murders for every 100,000 residents per year on average last year , the city of 1.6 million people is more violent than the Venezuelan capital Caracas , the U.S. city of New Orleans and Colombia ’s Medellin .
That is according to a study by the Mexican non-profit Citizen Council for Public Security and Justice , which presented its report to Mexico ’s security minister at a conference this week .
The fight between rival drug cartels over Ciudad Juarez ’s local drug market and smuggling routes into the United States broke out at the start of last year and continues to intensify .
Reliable global crime statistics are hard to pin down and a study last year by Foreign Policy Magazine placed Caracas as the world ’s top murder capital , also with 130 murders per 100,000 residents .
( The Mexican study disputes that and puts the Caracas figure at 96 ) .
But Ciudad Juarez ’s r ising murder rate , currently at about 250 per month , appears to put it well ahead of other notorious world crime capitals such as South Africa ’s Cape Town , Moscow , Baghdad , and Papua New Guinea ’s capital Port Moresby , according to the Mexican and Foreign Policy studies .
In fact , in Ciudad Juarez during the first day of the conference where the Mexican study was presented , eight people were murdered in the city ’s streets , including a prosecutor , a lawyer , two policewomen , a clown performer and a gardener .
Ciudad Juarez , a manufacturing city across from El Paso , Texas , already has a stained history with the unsolved murders of hundreds of young women in the 1990s .
Perhaps most worryingly is not that 10,000 troops and elite police stationed there have failed to stop the drug violence , but that local officials say they have everything under control .
Ciudad Juarez Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz says the city ’s fight against drug violence is “ a successful process that the world can learn from . ”
Chihuahua state Governor Jose Reyes Baez , who has long bemoaned the media focus on drug violence in Ciudad Juarez , says that troops can gradually leave as newly - trained police take over .
The army denies any scaling back in its deployment .
Dominic Monaghan played a hobbit in Lord Of The Rings A film version of JRR Tolkien 's novel The Hobbit is to go ahead after its producers settled a legal row with the author 's heirs .
They sued New Line Cinema for a reported $ 220 m ( £ 133 m ) in compensation , based on breach of contract and fraud .
The suit claimed the US company failed to pay royalties due after the success of the Lord of the Rings trilogy .
Its settlement , for an undisclosed sum , paves the way for director Guillermo del Toro 's two films based on the book .
New Line plans to release The Hobbit in 2011 , followed by another movie drawing from other Tolkien works .
Alan Horn , president of the studio's parent company Warner Bros Entertainment , said the firm was " pleased to have put this litigation behind us " .
" We all look forward to a mutually productive and beneficial relationship in the future , " he added .
Charitable work Published in 1937 , The Hobbit follows the treasure - seeking adventure of Bilbo Baggins who obtains the ring that was the focus for the Lord of the Rings .
The trilogy 's film adaptations , released between 2001 and 2003 , made an estimated $ 6bn ( £ 3.26 bn ) worldwide in ticket , DVDs and merchandise sales and won 16 Oscars .
However , in February 2008 , the trustees of Tolkien 's estate filed the suit claiming New Line had paid it nothing other than an upfront fee of $ 62,500 ( £ 32,000 ) .
They claimed historic film deals specified the estate was entitled to 7.5 % of all profits made by any movies based on the former Oxford don's work .
The Tolkien Trust , a British charity which supports causes across the world , will be one of the main beneficiaries of the legal settlement .
Christopher Tolkien , the author 's son , said : " The trustees regret that legal action was necessary but are glad that this dispute has been settled on satisfactory terms that will allow the Tolkien Trust properly to pursue its charitable objectives .
" The trustees acknowledge that New Line may now proceed with its proposed films of The Hobbit . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ I took this photo of my mom and dad this past year .
We did n’t notice the donkey ’s doing the dirty in the background until it was already printed out . ”
( submitted by Julie and originally posted at http://www.flickr.com/photos/sungazing/2956487525/)
Leave print - view Front page
6/25/2009 03:20:00 AM
posted by DavidB
Lamarckism : Lessons from History Lamarckism : Lessons from History
In my recent post on
Even if all of these reports are true , they do n't ( yet ) amount to more than a small tweaking of evolutionary theory .
The main examples seem more like congenital syphilis than ' Lamarckism ' in the traditional sense : an animal is exposed to a substance that happens to affect the germ cells as well as the rest of the body .
No big deal .
But I think biologists should be cautious about accepting such reports without clear independent replication , for two reasons .
First , because ' extraordinary claims need extraordinary evidence ' .
Second , because there is a long and dreary history of unsubstantiated , unreliable , and downright fraudulent claims about IAC .
As much of this history is now generally forgotten , it may be useful to recall some of the ' highlights ' .
CHARLES -EDOUARD BROWN -SEQUARD
Brown -Sequard was a distinguished if eccentric French physiologist .
He achieved scientific fame for the discovery of what are now known as hormones , and notoriety when he claimed that life could be rejuvenated by the injection of crushed animals ' testicles .
At least he was willing to try it on himself .
But the present point of interest is in his neurological experiments .
For many years he experimented on thousands of guinea pigs , mainly by severing various nerves .
He claimed that the untreated offspring of the experimental subjects showed certain symptoms , such as a liability to epileptic fits , which resembled those of the parents .
Charles Darwin accepted the evidence as proving that IAC was at least possible .
Darwin's younger friend George Romanes , a supporter of IAC , spent years trying to replicate the experiments , and claimed some slight success , but admitted that on the whole the results were negative .
Brown - Sequard 's results have never been conclusively explained , but unexplained results are not unusual in science .
The Germans have the useful term ' Dreckeffekt ' for this kind of thing .
W. L. TOWER
[ Apology : I first gave the name as ' William Edward Tower ' , but on checking my source again I find the initials are ' W. L. '.
Apologies if anyone has wasted time following up the incorrect name . ]
Tower was an American entomologist who claimed in the early 1900s to have produced inheritable mutations in beetles by changes in temperature and humidity .
The pioneer geneticist William Bateson questioned Tower 's results and became increasingly critical , hinting at fraud .
Tower admitted that there were errors in his reports , and claimed that his original records had been destroyed by a fire in his greenhouse .
Hmm .
PAUL KAMMERER
Kammerer 's experiments on the Midwife Toad , made famous in a sympathetic book by Arthur Koestler , led to tragedy when it was discovered that the specimens had been artificially tampered with , and Kammerer committed suicide .
There was certainly skullduggery by someone , though whether by Kammerer himself remains controversial .
JOHN HESLOP -HARRISON
Heslop - Harrison was an English botanist and entomologist who claimed to have induced heritable melanism in insects by chemical treatments .
His claims were questioned by Haldane , Fisher and others .
There must be suspicion of fraud , as Heslop - Harrison later became notorious for the unconnected allegation that he ( literally ) planted evidence on the Scottish island of Rhum to support his botanical theories .
[ NB Heslop - Harrison must not be confused with his still living son of the same name , also a botanist . ]
WILLIAM McDOUGALL
McDougall was a leading psychologist in the first half of the 20th century .
He carried out a long series of experiments on rats which seemed to show that successive generations became better and better at learning mazes .
I do n't think anyone has suggested fraud , but subsequent attempts at replication pointed out a major defect in his methodology : the absence of a control group .
When a control group was used , whose ancestors had not been trained , they showed much the same patterns of improvement - or non-improvement - as the experimental subjects themselves ( see
TROFIM LYSENKO
No need to comment .
EDWARD STEELE
Edward Steele is an Australian immunologist who claimed in the 1970s to have produced inheritable immunological responses in mice .
This led to a predictable spate of ' Darwin was wrong ' and ' Back to Lamarck ' news reports .
Less publicity was given to at least three independent replication attempts with negative results .
The moral is - oh , draw your own .
CHARLES -EDOUARD BROWN -SEQUARDBrown -Sequard was a distinguished if eccentric French physiologist .
He achieved scientific fame for the discovery of what are now known as hormones , and notoriety when he claimed that life could be rejuvenated by the injection of crushed animals ' testicles .
At least he was willing to try it on himself .
But the present point of interest is in his neurological experiments .
For many years he experimented on thousands of guinea pigs , mainly by severing various nerves .
He claimed that the untreated offspring of the experimental subjects showed certain symptoms , such as a liability to epileptic fits , which resembled those of the parents .
Charles Darwin accepted the evidence as proving that IAC was at least possible .
Darwin's younger friend George Romanes , a supporter of IAC , spent years trying to replicate the experiments , and claimed some slight success , but admitted that on the whole the results were negative .
Brown - Sequard 's results have never been conclusively explained , but unexplained results are not unusual in science .
The Germans have the useful term ' Dreckeffekt ' for this kind of thing .
W. L. TOWER [ Apology : I first gave the name as ' William Edward Tower ' , but on checking my source again I find the initials are ' W. L. '.
Apologies if anyone has wasted time following up the incorrect name .
]
Tower was an American entomologist who claimed in the early 1900s to have produced inheritable mutations in beetles by changes in temperature and humidity .
The pioneer geneticist William Bateson questioned Tower 's results and became increasingly critical , hinting at fraud .
Tower admitted that there were errors in his reports , and claimed that his original records had been destroyed by a fire in his greenhouse .
Hmm.
PAUL KAMMERERKammerer 's experiments on the Midwife Toad , made famous in a sympathetic book by Arthur Koestler , led to tragedy when it was discovered that the specimens had been artificially tampered with , and Kammerer committed suicide .
There was certainly skullduggery by someone , though whether by Kammerer himself remains controversial .
JOHN HESLOP - HARRISONHeslop - Harrison was an English botanist and entomologist who claimed to have induced heritable melanism in insects by chemical treatments .
His claims were questioned by Haldane , Fisher and others .
There must be suspicion of fraud , as Heslop - Harrison later became notorious for the unconnected allegation that he ( literally ) planted evidence on the Scottish island of Rhum to support his botanical theories .
[ NB Heslop - Harrison must not be confused with his still living son of the same name , also a botanist .
] WILLIAM McDOUGALLMcDougall was a leading psychologist in the first half of the 20th century .
He carried out a long series of experiments on rats which seemed to show that successive generations became better and better at learning mazes .
I do n't think anyone has suggested fraud , but subsequent attempts at replication pointed out a major defect in his methodology : the absence of a control group .
When a control group was used , whose ancestors had not been trained , they showed much the same patterns of improvement - or non-improvement - as the experimental subjects themselves ( see here . )
The improvement therefore seems to have been due to some other factor or factors , such as better laboratory or cage conditions , and not to IAC .
TROFIM LYSENKONo need to comment .
EDWARD STEELEEdward Steele is an Australian immunologist who claimed in the 1970s to have produced inheritable immunological responses in mice .
This led to a predictable spate of ' Darwin was wrong ' and ' Back to Lamarck ' news reports .
Less publicity was given to at least three independent replication attempts with negative results .
The moral is - oh , draw your own .
In my recent post on Darwin 's mechanisms of evolution I was rather dismissive about the Inheritance of Acquired Characteristics ( IAC ) , commonly known as ' Lamarckism ' .
Darwin himself believed in the existence of IAC but gave it a relatively minor role in evolution .
In comments on my post it was pointed out that there has recently been some revival of interest in IAC in the form of ' transgenerational epigenetics ' .
For a recent review see here .
[ Note added : as originally posted I somehow inserted the wrong link .
Hope this one is now correct . ]
Even if all of these reports are true , they do n't ( yet ) amount to more than a small tweaking of evolutionary theory .
The main examples seem more like congenital syphilis than ' Lamarckism ' in the traditional sense : an animal is exposed to a substance that happens to affect the germ cells as well as the rest of the body .
No big deal .
But I think biologists should be cautious about accepting such reports without clear independent replication , for two reasons .
First , because ' extraordinary claims need extraordinary evidence ' .
Second , because there is a long and dreary history of unsubstantiated , unreliable , and downright fraudulent claims about IAC .
As much of this history is now generally forgotten , it may be useful to recall some of the ' highlights ' .
Haloscan Comments
This book is the second in my music signal processing series , after [ 84 ] .
The books can be loosely summarized by the following ``design goals ' ' :
Figure 1 : Schematic of interdependencies in the music signal processing book series , along with some closely related topics .
Figure 1 illustrates the dependencies .
A solid line indicates a strong dependence , while a dotted line indicates a weaker ( optional ) dependence .
The student is expected to pick up elementary physics [ 33 ] and programming skills [ 82,15 ] elsewhere .
In all books , the main chapters contain approximately what is covered in class , while the appendices provide both elementary background material and additional advanced topics .
That which ca n’t continue does n’t .
A nation can spend and spend , pile debt upon debt , but eventually there comes a reality moment when some leader emerges to say enough is enough and when decent people , looking around at themselves and their own best nature , respond by demanding a return to responsibility .
In the United States , we ’re not at that moment yet .
Private debt is being replaced by public debt .
New entitlements are being created , and the money that could be used to ward off fiscal disaster is being used for other things .
Here , Democrats still get ahead by promising tax cuts for the bottom 98 percent and Republicans get ahead by promising tax cuts for all and Medicare cuts for none .
But Britain has hit its reality moment .
The Brits are ahead of us when it comes to public indebtedness and national irresponsibility .
Spending has been out of control for longer and in a more sustained way .
But in that country , the climate of opinion has turned .
There , voters are ready for a politician willing to face reality .
And George Osborne , who would become the chancellor of the Exchequer in the likely event that his Conservative Party wins the next election , has aggressively seized the moment .
Filmmaker Michael Moore talked with CNN ’s Anderson Cooper Tuesday evening about the failure of the healthcare reform bill ’s public option to pass , twice , in the US Senate yesterday .
Moore asked where is the Democrats spine in the healthcare reform debate ?
Moore has long been invovled in the debate over public health care , and in 2007 , he premiered a documentary , Sicko , which compared the for - profit , non-universal U.S. system with the non-profit universal health care systems of several other nations .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Some of the Democrats who voted ‘ nay ’ today said they did because they knew a bill with the public option would n’t pass , and getting some bill is better than no bill , ” CNN ’s Anderson Cooper remarked .
“ Even Social Security , when it was first passed , it was nothing compared to what it ultimately became . ”
“ That ’s correct , ” Moore , “ but I ca n’t stand listening to whiny Democrats , saying , “ Well , we should n’t even do it because it wo n’t pass anyways . ”
“ That ’s not how Republicans think , ” he continued .
“ You know , you gotta admire Republicans , they have the courage of their convictions .
They just put it right out there .
When they want to do something they just do it .
They do n’t go , ‘ I do n’t know if we should invade Iraq , people might not like that . ’
They do n’t care .
They just go ahead and do it . ”
“ What is wrong with our side of the aisle ?
Where is the spine ?
Where is the courage ? ” he asked .
“ ‘ Oh , they might filibuster . ’
Really ?
Let ’em filibuster .
Let them read from cookbooks for twenty - four days .
I ’d like to see that .
I ’d like to see what the American people would do while they watched the Republicans read from cookbooks for twenty - four days reading from cookbooks filibustering something that should be a human right .
The right to see a doctor when you get sick and not have to worry about paying for it . ”
Cooper then asked if Moore thought Obama was spineless .
ADVERTISEMENT
Moore hedged , and did n’t directly reply .
The following YouTube video originally aired on CNN on Tues. , Sept. 29 , 2009 .
Well , better late than never .
Doubt cast on cannabis , schizophrenia link
via CBC
A British study has cast doubt on the supposed link between cannabis use and schizophrenia .
… This latest study , led by Dr. Martin Frisher of Keele University , examined the records of 600,000 patients aged between 16 and 44 .
… Frisher and colleagues compared the trends of cannabis use with general practitioner records of schizophrenia and psychosis .
They argue that if cannabis use does cause schizophrenia , an increase in cannabis use should be followed by an increase in the incidence of schizophrenia .
According to the study , cannabis use in the United Kingdom between 1972 and 2002 has increased four - fold in the general population , and 18 - fold among under - 18s .
Based on the literature supporting the link , the authors argue that this should be followed by an increase in schizophrenia incidence of 29 per cent between 1990 and 2010 .
But the researchers found no increase in the rates of schizophrenia and psychosis diagnosis during that period .
In fact , some of the data suggested the incidence of these conditions had decreased .
Over the past few years the mainstream media , as well as federal politicians , have enjoyed promoting the notion that smoking pot induces mental illness .
Perhaps most notably , in 2007 the MSM touted that cannabis “ could boost the risk of developing a psychotic illness later in life by about 40 percent ” — a talking point that was also publicly promoted US anti-drug officials .
Similarly , Canadian bureaucrats alleged — just two weeks ago — that marijuana users have a “ seven - fold increase ” in risk of developing schizophrenia .
Given this environment , I held little hope that anyone in the MSM would bother to report on the Keele University study — which initially appeared online on the website of the journal Schizophrenia Research in late June and was reported on by NORML on July 2 — despite its obvious newsworthiness .
And for nearly two months no one did .
But kudos to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and a handful of British tabloids for just now bringing these findings to light ( and even acknowledging that the MSM would have arguably provided far more prominence to this story had the findings demonstrated the opposite result . )
For now , let ’s score one for the good guys , and cross your fingers that the American press will also eventually take notice .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
PINE VALLEY , California ( CNN ) -- Dozens of America 's greatest military heroes are gathered in Chicago , Illinois , possibly the last large gathering of living Medal of Honor recipients .
John Finn , 100 , at his California ranch , said he was just a dutiful soldier .
That " hero stuff is a bunch crap , " he said .
Among the men with light blue ribbons holding a star around their necks signifying uncommon bravery , will be John Finn .
Finn , who received the nation 's highest medal for valor for his actions during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor , turned 100 this summer , the oldest living Medal of Honor recipient .
Finn was stationed at Kanoehe Bay Naval Air Station , where the Japanese struck five minutes before attacking Pearl Harbor , across southeast Oahu Island from Kanoehe Bay .
Finn recalled how a neighbor was the first to alert him , when she knocked on his door saying , " They want you down at the squadron right away ! "
Finn saw the first Japanese plane before his car even reached his hangar .
" I put that old car of mine in second gear and wound it up getting down to the hangar where I could be where my guns and ammunition were , " Finn said .
One of the first things he did was take control of a machine gun from his squadron 's painter .
Do n't Miss Leaders mark 70th anniversary of World War II
" I said , ' Alex , let me take that gun , ' " Finn explained .
" I knew that I had more experience firing a machine gun than a painter . "
" I got that gun and I started shooting at Jap planes , " Finn said in the salty language not uncommon among veterans of that long - ago war .
But Finn 's machine gun was right out in the open , nothing protecting him from the attacking pilots .
" I was out there shooting the Jap planes and just every so often I was a target for some , " Finn said .
" They were Japanese fighter plane pilots .
I can remember seeing , in some cases , I could see their faces . "
Watch John
Finn 's give his account of his actions on December 7 , 1941 »
He was wounded in the head , the arm , the hand and the foot , but Finn fought on , a one - man counterattack to the surprise air raid that pulled America into World War II .
The Medal 's History The Medal of Honor is the highest award for valor in the U.S. armed forces .
There have been fewer than 3,500 recipients in the medal 's 140 - year existence .
Fewer than 100 recipients are believed to be alive today .
Source : Congressional Medal of Honor Society
Finn talked to CNN at his ranch in the desert east of San Diego , California .
He surrounds himself with reminders of his life -- his entire life , not just that one infamous day out of 100 years .
There are pictures of his wife , Alice , who married him before Pearl Harbor and was by his side until 1998 .
The hillside outside his home is covered with old cars , old trucks and even an old military ambulance .
But the first thing one notices when visiting Finn 's ranch is the sign at the road , with a painting of his medal next to his name .
The citation for his Medal of Honor tells that part of his story :
" He continued to man this gun and to return the enemy 's fire vigorously and with telling effect throughout the enemy strafing and bombing attacks and with complete disregard for his own personal safety .
It was only by specific orders that he was persuaded to leave his post to seek medical attention .
Following first - aid treatment , although obviously suffering much pain and moving with great difficulty , he returned to the squadron area and actively supervised the rearming of returning planes , " the citation stated .
With Japanese still attacking , getting his wounds treated was n't a priority , Finn said .
" Medical help comes later .
If you 're busy shooting a machine gun or a rifle or a pistol or doing anything , you can't worry about getting medical attention , " he explained .
Less than a year later , Finn , out of the hospital and recovered from his wounds , was back on duty with the Navy in Hawaii .
Adm. Chester Nimitz presented Finn with the Medal of Honor for his bravery , joining the ranks of the men , and one woman , recognized with the nation 's highest award for heroism .
These days most medals are awarded at the White House , but with the war heating up , such a long trip was out of the question .
In fact , his first visit to the White House came in the spring when President Obama invited him for a visit .
Back at his ranch , Finn bristled when asked about being called a " hero . "
" That damned hero stuff is a bunch crap , I guess .
Well , it is one thing that I think any man that is in that , you gotta be in that position , " Finn said .
" You gotta understand that there 's all kinds of heroes , but they never get a chance to be in a hero 's position . "
Fewer than 100 men who have received the Medal of Honor are alive today .
More than half of them are expected in Chicago this week for the annual Congressional Medal of Honor Society Convention .
But because they are all veterans of World War II , Korea or Vietnam , their ranks are shrinking every year .
The men from more recent conflicts , like Somalia , Afghanistan and Iraq , were all awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously .
And this week , while many of those living recipients gather in Chicago , Obama will present the latest Medal of Honor at the White House to a soldier who fought and died heroically in Afghanistan .
All About Pearl Harbor • World War II • Afghanistan War • Barack Obama
There ’s this conversation rolling around the developers ’ world ; it started with chapter in Coders at Work by the one & only JWZ , which I have n’t read , but which Joel Spolsky enthused over , praising the practice of “ duct - tape programming ” .
Uncle Bob Martin weighed in .
I have opinions and examples too .
First , Joel is right that you want to pay attention to what JWZ says , since he ’s shipped more code that more people have used than any dozen or two average programmers .
Also he ’s funny .
So I ’ll buy that book .
Joel is right that complexity is your enemy .
We ’d all like to write code to a higher level of abstraction than , say , C and Unix system calls provide , but when you ’re eight levels up the stack in something like Spring or Websphere , chances are one or two of the levels are going to generally suck , because that ’s how life generally is .
So it ’s really sensible to worry about all those levels .
TDD I · Joel is wrong to piss on unit testing , and buys into the common fantasy that it slows you down .
It does n’t slow you down , it speeds you up .
It ’s been a while since I ’ve run a dev team , but it could happen again .
If it does , the developers will use TDD or they ’ll be looking for another job .
In related news , I ’m trying to learn Haskell , and it ’s a good thing that I ’m using the online Real World Haskell because I would have launched a physical book across the room during the extended snotty lecture about how those poor dynamic - language programmers have to use unit testing because they lack the miraculous benefits of strong static typing .
Static typing is not a substitute for unit testing .
Sheesh .
Uncle Bob piles on : “ Programmers who say they do n’t have time to write tests are living in the stone age .
They might as well be saying that man was n’t meant to fly . ”
Problems and Solutions ·
But then he says ( slightly paraphrased ) : “ I think that any programmer that ’s not smart enough to use templates , design patterns , multi- threading , COM , etc is probably not smart enough to be a programmer period . ”
What ?!
My experience suggests that there are few surer ways to doom a big software project than via the Design Patterns religion .
Also , that multi- threading is part of the problem , not part of the solution ; that essentially no application programmer understands threads well enough to avoid deadlocks and races and horrible non-repeatable bugs .
And that COM was one of the most colossal piles of crap my profession ever foisted on itself .
I ’d like to agree with Bob ’s basic argument , but I do n’t think we ’re in agreement on problems and solutions .
Consider the Passenger · Let ’s go back to the issue of complexity and layering .
My own most successful software productions have been down - to - the - metal stuff , usually in C , full of memory - mapping and byte - level I/O .
But these days , you can get fantastic results with certain highly - layered approaches .
Consider my recent write - up on Ravelry , which is built in Rails , itself a pretty high stack of abstractions .
They ’re running it via Phusion ’s Passenger .
Similarly , check out some recent DHH tweets , which I ’ll reproduce for convenience :
Basecamp is now handling more than 50 million Rails requests per week .
We 're peaking out at around 200 req / sec .
Damn ! (*)
Basecamp 's average response time is 90ms and 87 % of all requests finish in less than 200 ms .
Great stats thanks to jumping off virtualization .
(*)
Basecamp runs on 4 dedicated Dell R710's ( 2xL5520@2.27 Ghz CPUs with 12GB RAM ) serving Rails through Apache / Passenger .
Zippy bastards ! (*)
Another Passenger success story .
And what is Passenger actually ?
It ’s an Apache module .
For those who do n’t know , an Apache module is about as close to the raw metal as you can get in Web infrastructure ; uncompromising C code where you get to munge each request as the server works its highly - optimized way through the business of parsing and dispatching it and delivering the results .
This seems like existence proof of the assertion that layering is your friend ( as in all that Rails machinery making Ravelry and Basecamp maintainable ) , but so is being close to the metal ( Passenger ’s C code greasing the path between the Internet and the app ) .
TDD II · If you read the comments around this debate , it ’s increasingly obvious that we as a profession do n’t have consensus around the value of TDD .
Many of our loudmouths ( like me for example ) have become evangelists probably to the point of being obnoxious .
But there remains a strong developer faction out there , mostly just muttering in their beards , who think TDD is another flavor of architecture astronautics that ’s gonna slow them down and get in their way .
I think we need to bash this out in public .
We need to organize a good head - to - head practitioners ’ debate at a conference or on some good online property , and see if we can at the very least come to a good understanding of our disagreements .
Numerous people have asked me to comment on the Zero Hedge article Exclusive Smoking Gun : The Fed On Gold Manipulation .
The " Smoking Gun " is a now declassified document about gold , sent to president Gerald Ford on June 3 , 1975 by Arthur Burns , chairman of the Fed from 1970 to 1978 .
The document concerns the " broad question as to whether central banks and governments should be free to buy gold , from one another or from the private market , at market related prices "
Market prices at the time were $ 160 - $ 175 and the official price was $ 42.22 per ounce .
Arthur Burns states
" It is an open secret among central bankers that , at a later date , the French and some others may well want to stabilize the market price within some range " .
Arthur Burns also states " The Federal Reserve has sought to avoid taking a rigid position " , while going " some distance to try and conciliate the French view " .
Yet ...
" If we do ever acceded to French views on gold , we should at least use our bargaining leverage to some major political advantage " .
Finally Burns states " All in all I am convinced that by far the best position for us to take at this time is to resist arrangements that provide wide latitude for central banks to purchase gold at market - related prices . "
Shocking Revelation ?
Burns sought an agreement whereby central bankers and governments would not buy gold at market prices .
Because gold prices never traded at $ 42.22 again , essentially that was an agreement to not buy gold .
After Nixon closed the gold window , why is it such a revelation that events like this happened ?
Did any governments cheat ?
The most interesting thing in the document was Burns ' willingness to bargain for " political advantage " .
However , the idea that governments are lying manipulators willing to sell their soul for the right political advantage can hardly be a considered a startling revelation .
Smoking Gun or Historical Footnote ?
The importance of this document is only in the historical sense in that it helps shows us how the move toward an irredeemable fiat currency evolved around that time .
The document has no direct bearing on what is happening today , although it remains true that gold is the enemy of the welfare warfare state and its central banks .
The so - called " smoking gun " of 1975 is much to do about nothing .
It is nothing more than a historical footnote with little current relevance .
Misplaced Fears
If governments today are still acting to suppress the price of gold by the same methods , let 's have more of them because they clearly are n't working .
Given that the price of gold is roughly $ 1,000 an ounce , it goes to show that governments are not bigger than the market , and that such manipulation ( even if it does still exist ) can never work in the long run .
The fear should not be of government to government agreements that can never work in practice , but rather a fear that governments may tax gold sales profits at some phenomenal rate , thereby effectively confiscating gold a second time .
Mike " Mish " Shedlock
http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com
Click Here To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Autumn is upon us , and as every year we 're anxiously pondering what winter might have in store .
According to the Met Office 's tentative forecast based on early indications , we 're in for a milder winter than last year , with rainfall at or above average .
A more definitive forecast is due out in November , but it would n't be surprising if the people at the Met Office were a tad nervous about putting their necks out once again .
Their April forecast , stating that the UK was " odds - on for a barbecue summer " , sent British tempers flaring when July turned out to be one of the wettest on record .
In response to the miserable weather , and mounting criticism , the Met Office revealed in August that its earlier optimism had been based on a 65 % probability of a hot dry summer , and insisted that it had explained at the time that this forecast did " not rule out the chances of seeing some heavy downpours at times " .
Too right , you might say , since the overall rainfall for summer 2009 turned out to be 40 % above the historical average .
The Met Office 's tentative forecast predicts a milder winter than last year , when snow brought the UK to a stand still .
To be fair , the Met 's barbecue debacle was down to a failure to communicate its predictions clearly , rather than predictive incompetence .
Seasonal forecasts use the same numerical weather prediction models as those used to produce daily forecasts , but also include ocean conditions , which can influence long - term weather .
But instead of just running the models 24 hours ahead of current weather conditions , meteorologists run them for several months , to simulate the weather over the whole of the three month season .
They do n't claim to predict the weather conditions for every day over the next three months .
Instead , the average rainfall and temperature over the summer are calculated from the simulated data .
But the weather is a complex system , and the models can give very different predictions for just slightly different starting conditions , particularly when looking over longer periods of time .
To account for this effect , and also for other inaccuracies in the model , the Met Office uses a technique called ensemble forecasting .
Instead of just running the weather models once to produce a single prediction of the weather over the summer period , the models are run many times , each time with slightly different starting conditions .
This produces an ensemble of forecasts for the period , each member of the ensemble representing a possible summer .
From each of these possible future weathers , the average rainfall and temperature of the future summer can be calculated and compared to the historical average .
If , say , 70 of the 100 members have above average rainfall and below average temperature , then the seasonal forecast is that there is a 70 % chance of a cold , wet summer .
In the summer seasonal forecast produced by the Met Office in April , 65 % of the members had near or below average rainfall , and above average temperature .
Hence the prediction that it was likely to be a dry and hot summer .
Comparing the data for June , July and August this year , the prediction of above average temperatures was just about correct : the average temperature was 14.7 °C for the three months , 0.6 °C higher than the historical average of 14.1 °C .
However , as most of us realised as we got drenched , rainfall did not follow the prediction , and ended up 40 % above the historical average .
So it turned out that our summer was more like some of the other 35 % of the members of the Met 's original ensemble — soggy , but average in terms of temperature .
When you realise that over a third of the forecasts did not predict a barbecue summer , the weather we have had seems slightly less surprising .
The excessive rainfall would have been far more shocking if the seasonal forecast had given a 90 % probability of a dry hot summer , rather than the lower 65 % probability .
The Met Office does not include the probability estimates in the published seasonal forecasts , and instead only announces the likeliest outcomes .
The original estimate of a 65 % probability was only quoted in the updated summer forecast .
We all know that weather prediction , though incredibly sophisticated and advanced , is an inexact science .
Perhaps if the Met Office published the probabilities underlying its forecasts , it might get a more rational response to disappointing weather .
Then we might recognise that any future predictions of a barbecue summer are just that , predictions , not certainties .
And we can always look out the window to see if it's a good day to throw the snaggers on the barbie .
Patrick Mates suggests thieves could go down the street using Street View looking for the most vulnerable houses .
( ( Google ) )
High - resolution , street - level images of Canadian cities put online by Google last week could become a valuable tool for burglars and thieves , warns a home security inspector .
" This is scary , " said Patrick Mates as he looked at the detailed , 360 - degree images available on Google Street View .
Mates has been trained by the Ottawa police to do free security audits for people who request them .
He checks locks , windows , doors and lighting , then offers tips on how to make the house more secure .
He is also a member of an Ottawa neighbourhood watch group .
He thinks Google Street View makes things too easy for burglars to see whether the house has sliding windows , for example , which are less secure than other kinds .
" They could choose a house to break into simply by sitting at their computer and going down the street and looking for the most vulnerable ones . "
Police not concerned
Mates added that some thieves could use the tool during the day to check out a house before a nighttime break - in .
" This is scary , " said Patrick Mates as he looked at the detailed , 360 - degree images available on Google Street View . ( ( CBC ) )
Nevertheless , Google Street View is n't a concern for police right now , said Ottawa Police Const .
J.P. Vincelette .
As of Tuesday afternoon , police had not received any complaints from the public about the service , he added .
On the other hand , he thinks it could be used as a tool by police to scope out a property before sending officers there in cases such as hostage - takings .
Vincelette encouraged homeowners to have a look at their property and make a request to Google to have the image removed if they have concerns .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Ford Motor
Co is expanding its largest ever recall -- involving faulty cruise control deactivation switches that have caused fires -- by 4.5 million vehicles , regulators and company officials said on Tuesday .
Ford Motor Company employees place windshields in the new 2002 Ford Explorer sport utility vehicle that is in production at the Ford Assembly Plant in Louisville , Kentucky , April 4 , 2001 .
REUTERS / John Sommers II
The action effectively closes out a 10 - year saga over the switches made by Texas Instruments that has led to more than a half - dozen recalls at Ford covering 14 million registered vehicles , the automaker said in a letter to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) .
The government added two million vehicles to the Ford total , factoring in models not believed to be on the road .
Affected vehicles should be taken to Ford dealers to be fixed .
“ While the data show the majority of the vehicles being recalled do not pose a significant safety risk , we are recalling the vehicles to reassure consumers and eliminate any future concerns , ” Ford said in a statement .
Ford did not provide information on how much the latest recall would cost the company .
It stopped using Texas Instrument switches in 2003 .
Texas Instruments said in a statement that a former business unit designed and manufactured the switch to “ meet and exceed ” Ford specifications , and is not the “ root cause ” of fires .
A 2006 NHTSA investigation , Texas Instruments said , concluded that multiple factors contributed to the fires .
It was the second major recall in as many weeks for the auto industry .
On September 30 , Toyota Motor Corp said it would recall approximately 3.8 million vehicles in the United States because of floor mats that can come loose and force down the accelerator .
The problem at Toyota is suspected in crashes that have killed five people .
Ford and Toyota have been two of the stronger performers during the industry ’s severe sales slump , although their U.S. businesses remain off compared to last year .
U.S. and foreign automakers are emphasizing quality more than ever as consumers seek economy and reliability with fuel prices high and recession and tight credit eroding the pool of potential buyers .
NHTSA on Tuesday alerted owners of more than a half - dozen truck and van models sold in the United States and U.S. territories of potential fire hazards linked to flawed switches in Ford vehicles .
In a warning to consumers , government safety officials investigating the switches said leaking fluid can overheat and potentially cause fires even when the ignition is off .
There have been fires reported over the years and some minor injuries , Ford said .
“ I urge consumers to pay attention to this warning and bring the affected models in to have them repaired as soon as possible , ” Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in a statement .
Ford said in its letter to NHTSA that it had noticed an increasing number of leaking switches on Ford Windstar vans and a small number of switch fires had been reported .
Ford said it was unaware of any accidents or injuries involving the Windstar fires .
Ford decided to recall the 1.1 million Windstar minivans made between 1995 - 2003 .
It included remaining models not covered in previous recalls even though there was no finding that the switches in those vehicles were unsafe .
“ Ford is taking this action on all of these vehicles to address possible ongoing customer lack of confidence in vehicles with the affected switch , ” the company said in the letter .
Owners of the affected vehicles were urged not to park their cars in garages or near homes .
Models included in the latest action :
* 1995 -2003 Ford Windstars .
* 2000 - 2003 Ford Excursion diesels .
* 1993-1997 and 1999 - 2003 Ford F - Super Duty diesels .
* 1992-2003 Ford Econolines .
* 1995 -2002 Ford Explorers and Mercury Mountaineers .
* 1995 -1997 and 2001 - 2003 Ford Rangers .
* 1994 Ford F53 motorhomes .
My thanks to Snowcrash for posting this video in a comment on the National Geographic thread .
As we know , our anti-truth opposition loves to claim that the towers could n't have been demolitions because they collapsed from the crash zone on down , and that controlled demolitions " typically " start from the bottom .
( Which WTC7 did , of course . )
This was a demolition from February 2007 in France .
I do n't think it got much review in the truth movement ; I say this because many in the movement claimed victory over this debunker talking point upon discovering this one :
The demolition at the top of the blog entry clearly is also a top - down demolition in that the wave of destruction begins approximately half way up the building and " pancakes " on down .
Finally , the third example would be the recent demolition in China which features the banana peel style ejections characteristic of WTC1 and 2 .
( Notice how debunkers like to say : " No ! The buildings DID NOT fall into their own footprints ! " )
WASHINGTON  Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. named a veteran federal prosecutor on Monday to examine abuse of prisoners held by the Central Intelligence Agency , after the Justice Department released a long - secret report showing interrogators choked a prisoner repeatedly and threatened to kill another detainee ’s children .
Mr. Holder chose John H. Durham , a prosecutor from Connecticut who has been investigating the C.I.A. ’s destruction of interrogation videotapes , to determine whether a full criminal investigation of the conduct of agency employees or contractors was warranted .
The review will be the most politically explosive inquiry since Mr. Holder took over the Justice Department in February .
The decision was a significant blow to the C.I.A , and Mr. Holder said he would be criticized for undercutting the intelligence agency ’s work .
He said that he agreed with President Obama ’s oft - expressed desire not to get mired in disputes over the policies of former President George W. Bush , but that his review of reports on the C.I.A. interrogation program left him no choice .
“ As attorney general , my duty is to examine the facts and to follow the law , ” Mr. Holder said in a statement .
“ Given all of the information currently available , it is clear to me that this review is the only responsible course of action for me to take . ”
Umweltamt widerspricht Koalition : Atomkraft spart kein CO 2
Laut Union und FDP schonen Atomkraftwerke das Klima .
Dem widerspricht das Umweltbundesamt : Das eingesparte CO 2 werde anderswo ausgestoßen .
BERLIN taz |
Die schwarz - gelbe Koalition setzt die Klimaziele Deutschlands aufs Spiel , wenn sie die Laufzeiten für Atomkraftwerke einfach so verlängert .
Davor warnt Jochen Flasbarth , der Präsident des Umweltbundesamtes ( UBA ) .
Die Behörde berät die Bundesregierung in Umweltfragen .
Union und FDP argumentieren bisher ebenso wie die Betreiber , dass Atomkraftwerke das Klima schonen .
Dies wird vom Umweltbundesamt nun in Frage gestellt : Denn wenn die sieben ältesten Reaktoren , anders als im Atomkonsens vereinbart , in der nächsten Legislaturperiode nicht vom Netz gehen , fallen in den nächsten drei Jahren bei der Stromproduktion 60 bis 64 Millionen Tonnen Kohlendioxid ( CO 2 ) weniger an - je nachdem , welchen Strommix der Atomstrom ersetzt .
Wenn nicht gleichzeitig der Emissionshandel verschärft wird , nutzt diese Einsparung dem Klima aber gar nichts .
" Die durch die AKWs eingesparte Kohlendioxidmenge würde anderswo ausgestoßen " , erklärt Jochen Flasbarth .
Denn im Emissionshandel ist die Gesamtmenge des Kohlendioxids , das Unternehmen ausstoßen dürfen , gedeckelt - bei derzeit rund 550 Millionen Tonnen im Jahr .
Wenn die Stromwirtschaft weniger Emissionsrechte braucht , werden sie von der Industrie an anderer Stelle genutzt .
Täglich Proteste Begleitet werden die Atomverhandlungen weiterhin von Protesten .
Nach einem " Die-in " am Mittwoch gab es am Donnerstag eine Fahrraddemo .
Am Samstag soll vor dem Reichstag das größte Transparent der Welt entrollt werden .
Der Naturschutzbund sucht im Internet Unterzeichner für einen " Koalitionsvertrag für den Atomausstieg " .
( cbr )
In einem solchen Fall würden längere Laufzeiten dem Klima nicht nur nichts nützen - sie würden sogar schaden .
Denn ein Überangebot an Emissionsrechten würde dazu führen , dass diese deutlich billiger würden .
Dadurch würden sich zum einen Investionen in klimaschonende Technik für Unternehmen weniger lohnen , weil es möglicherweise billiger wäre , zusätzliche CO 2 - Zertifikate zu kaufen .
Zum anderen würden dem Bund Einnahmen aus der Zertifikatversteigerung fehlen .
Diese Gelder sind aber bereits für Klimaschutzmaßnahmen eingeplant .
Wer sieben Alt - AKWs am Netz lasse , müsse jedes Jahr 20 Millionen Emissionsrechte vom Markt nehmen , fordert darum UBA - Chef Flasbarth .
" Wer das nicht macht , gefährdet das Klimaziel . "
Union und FDP äußern sich zu dieser Forderung bisher nicht .
Sie wissen noch nicht , wie sie den Ausstieg aus dem Ausstieg genau regeln sollen und welche Kraftwerke länger laufen sollen .
Der FDP - Umweltexperte Michael Kauch sagte der taz nur : " Das FDP - Präsidium hat bereits vor der Wahl beschlossen :
Wir wollen die leistungsfähigeren Atomkraftwerke länger laufen lassen , die störanfälligen gegebenenfalls aber früher vom Netz nehmen als bisher geplant . "
Tanja Gönner ( CDU ) erklärte , dass die AKW - Betreiber die Hälfte ihrer Zusatzprofite für die Förderung erneuerbarer Energie und für Investitionen in die Sicherheit der Meiler abgeben sollen .
Gönner wird als neue Umweltministerin gehandelt .
Fraglich ist aber , ob sie für Atompolitik zuständig wäre .
Umweltpolitiker der Koalition wollen Atom - und Ökoenergie zwar im Umweltministerium lassen , Wirtschaftspolitiker sie jedoch ins Wirtschaftsressort holen .
By Roger Harrabin
Environment analyst , BBC News
The lights could go out when coal and nuclear power stations are phased out
The government 's new energy adviser says the UK could face blackouts by 2016 because green energy is not coming on stream fast enough .
Ministers have previously denied that the UK is heading for an energy gap .
But David MacKay , who takes up his post at the Department of Energy on 1 October , says that the public keep objecting to energy projects .
This , he says , is creating a huge problem , which could turn out the lights .
Professor MacKay is a researcher at Cambridge University .
His recent book , Sustainable Energy - Without The Hot Air , won applause for its examination of current government plans to keep the lights on whilst also cutting carbon emissions .
It concluded that policy is moving in the right direction , but the sums on energy provision simply do not add up - not enough power capacity is being built .
Speaking unofficially , he told BBC News that this meant that Britain could face blackouts in 2016 - when coal and nuclear stations are phased out .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" There is a worry that in 2016 there might not be enough electricity .
My guess is that what the market might do is fix that problem by making more gas power stations , which is n't the direction we want to be going in , " he said .
" So we really should be upping the build rate of the alternatives as soon as possible . "
Professor MacKay blamed the public for opposing wind farms , nuclear power , and energy imports , whilst demanding an unchanged lifestyle .
You cannot oppose them all , he said , and hope to have a viable policy on energy and climate change .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Blackouts might make people realise we need to invest in modern nuclear power stations and other means of clean fuel Andrew Lye , Pembrokeshire " We 've got to stop saying no to these things and understand that we do have a serious building project on our hands , " he said .
Professor MacKay said he looked forward to engaging the public in a more open debate about what he calls the realities of energy policy when he takes up his post .
His says his new masters in Department of Energy and Climate Change have impressive commitment to solve the issues .
Professor MacKay 's many supporters will hope that he is allowed to continue speaking openly to the public after he takes office .
The Conservatives blamed the government for complacency over energy security .
They say ministers have dithered over energy policy .
But Andrew Warren of the Association for Conservation of Energy said the real culprit was the EU .
" The true culprit - if there is one - is rather less public opinion , and rather more the 27 EU governments who insisted on handing out far too many permits under the first and second phase EU emission trading schemes .
" Coupled with a decline in output from heavy industry , this has led to their dumping a vast number of surplus permits onto the carbon market , deflating the carbon price , and thus rendering non-fossil fuel investments far less financially attractive for electricity generators . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There 's going to be a lot of terminology thrown around when people talk about this , and rightfully so since it is a very technical issue .
But the economic ideas are simple , and I want to give you the water cooler guide to thinking through the relevant issues in the debate .
When you hear discussion about this going forward , think of how the points made influence these concepts .
Information Asymmetries
As you can see from the quick eBay analogy above , being able to see someone else 's information , when they can't see yours , makes for terrible markets .
Beyond issues of fairness and equity , which are incredibly relevant here , this also leads to an issue of bad prices .
The information reflects only part of what you believed about the stock in question ; computers took advantage of your situation , but the information that others see as a result of the front - running does n't reflect what you actually believed .
You hear stories about stock prices jumping all kinds of crazy values , with crazy volume numbers and volatility , because of a few stock purchases , and these price movements reflect the HFT .
Now remember that the feedback mechanism of stock prices - if you are a Hayekian - is the whole point of having a market .
If trading in markets does n't aggregate information among many diverse parties but instead turns the price mechanism into a roulette wheel played out by supercomputers ransacking your 401 ( k ) - because believe me , your 401 ( k ) is a great target - what 's the point ?
Does that have any more information than the tyrant social planner ?
Liquidity
The strongest claim in favor of HFT is that it is providing liquidity to the financial markets .
More liquidity in markets is usually considered to be a good thing , and as such they are being rewarded for providing a service .
There 's a problem with this though - they have no obligation to provide liquidity .
There 's no formalized procedure in which they post prices with certain time limits .
They , and the HFT practitioners have been very upfront about this , have no obligations when it comes to providing liquidity .
And it is very likely that they wo n't step in when the financial markets need them the most .
So in this sense , liquidity from HFT is like having an airbag in your car that works all the time except when you are in a car accident .
It is n't there when you most need it , and it encourges you to drive a bit faster , and take turns a bit sharper , because you think you are protected .
So instead of being a risk management tool everyone is aware of , it is instead misinformation .
Power of the Market
Wo n't markets take care of this by themselves ?
Remember that there will be brutal competition to get the trades to run faster , hit more stocks and spin more money out of consumers .
Even though more players can get into this , that just means there will be more players ripping off the information of other players .
The issue is n't that this is concentrated among a few big market players ( though that is an issue ) but that it is happening to our investments .
Editor 's note :
This article contains profanity and graphic images that some may find offensive .
This is part two of a three part series showing different aspects of life inside Colombia 's drug gangs .
MEDELLIN , Colombia ( CNN ) --
This city 's drug underworld is littered with " poseurs " -- lowlife triggermen pretending they 're the real hard cases .
Samir Romero , wanted by police for two murders , was killed in August .
He was shot 13 times .
more photos »
But a longstanding and trusted source , with intimate knowledge of Medellin 's violent subculture , assured me the two men I was about to meet were the real deal .
My destination : a single - story home in the city 's notorious " Commune 13 " district where I had set up a meeting with two hit men , who have for years hired their lethal services out to the cocaine cartels .
Inside the house , a man called " Red " sat on a couch toying a fully loaded 9 mm Ruger pistol .
" This will stop somebody nicely , " he said , as I glanced at it .
His face and arms were covered in burn marks .
He said it was a testament of the day a barrel of acid spilled onto him as he was working in a clandestine cocaine processing lab in northern Colombia .
Red explained that after the accident , the lab foreman tossed him out , half - dead , into a jungle clearing .
What little strength he had left , he said he used to bat away vultures .
And , against the odds , he made his way to safety and slowly recovered .
When Red left the clinic months later , he said he went straight back to the drug lab and gunned down the foreman and three of his henchmen .
That was n't his first killing though , he told me .
When he was just 11 years old , Red recounted , he took a razor to the throat of a neighborhood drug pusher who had been molesting his little sister .
The other man , " C " , sat quietly as I listened to Red .
Like Red , my source told me , " C " was also the so - called " chief " of a number of neighborhoods -- running local drug - peddling operations , extortion rackets and organizing hits for a big cartel boss he simply referred to as " El Cucho , " or " The Old Man . "
It was a hot morning and he was shirtless .
His chest was branded with a tattoo of the Virgin Maria Auxilatrix , known in Colombia as the " Virgin of the Assassins . "
Hitmen , or " sicarios " as they call them here , revere her and pray to her for protection against arrest or death and for help to carry out their killings .
Watch as Medellin law enforcement moves from killing to killing »
During our time with the hit men they offered a fascinating insight into their violent world -- from how much they get paid to what their mothers think of their lifestyle :
World 's Untold Stories CNN's Karl Penhaul investigates Colombia 's drug gangs .
1230 GMT , October 20 see full schedule »
Penhaul :
Why are Medellin 's drug bosses and the street gangs in a war right now ?
" RED " : " These problems come about because they 're looking for a good man to run things .
We have to find him and , in order to find him , what 's happening right now has to run its course . "
" C " : " Medellin has exploded right now because different groups want to control it and earn money and gain territory .
The authorities locked up , extradited , or cut cooperation deals with the big guys , the ones who controlled all this .
Those were the ones people respected .
Now there 's no respect and anybody who has a bunch of money is grabbing a few kids from a poor neighborhood and putting them to work . "
Penhaul :
What are the cartel bosses paying for a contract killing now ?
" C " : " If you 're talking about a contract hit then right now you can get four or five million pesos ( between US $ 2,000 and $ 2,500 ) to kill some idiot slimeball .
Then of course there are bigger hits where you can earn 15 ( million ) or 20 million ( between $ 7,500 and $ 10,000 ) .
Some of those hits pay pretty well .
There 's a lot of people around here with a lot of money and they 're using it for bad things .
Sometimes even the politicians will pay for a hit to get somebody out of their way . "
Penhaul :
Why did you get into this lifestyle ?
" Red " : " People need to eat and there 's a lot of hunger .
We do n't just want the crumbs .
That 's the big problem .
There 's a lot of idle hands around here and many people think they have a chance if they have a gun in their hand . "
" C " : " I grew up in a slum and every time I stepped outside the door there were guys from the local gang smoking ( marijuana ) joints .
They had guns , the best motorbikes and money so I started running errands for them . "
Penhaul : Did n't you have any big dreams when you were kids ?
" Red " : " I always said when I grow up I would build a house for my old lady with a cement roof and plaster and paint on the walls .
I dreamed I 'd be able to give her money to go to the supermarket every week . "
" C " : " I dreamed of being a professional soccer player .
I was pretty good .
But I never got the chance . "
Penhaul :
Do you think you 've made your mothers proud by killing people ?
" Red " : " I once gave my mum a wad of cash after I did a job .
She took the wad and slapped me in the face and told me not to bring that cursed money into the house .
She begged me to get out of that life .
She was afraid they would kill me . "
" C " : " My mum knows nothing about this .
I guess she imagines because she tells me to take care otherwise I 'll wind up dead .
But she does n't know for sure . "
Penhaul :
What did your first contract hit feel like ?
" Red " : " You kill the first one and you panic for a few days .
You 're nervous .
But then you kill the second one and that 's a kind of a medicine .
It takes the pain away that you were feeling after the first killing . "
" C " : " The first time is really f***ed up .
I nearly went mad .
You see a cop and think he 's going to arrest you .
I was 16 or 17 .
That was my first time .
I hardly even wanted to eat .
But then you carry on and kill this one and that one .
You earn money .
After I killed somebody the first time I bought my first decent pair of sneakers .
" It 's not so tough now .
Sometimes you kill somebody and you know they were going to kill you .
It 's not a question of conscience .
It 's a question of kill or be killed . "
Penhaul : Do n't you feel any remorse ?
" C " : You know you messed up when you go to the wake and see people crying and you know it 's your fault .
But I do n't back down from a killing because I know if somebody comes after me they wo n't back down . "
" Red " : " I 've got feelings and sometimes you sit down and think what a shame .
But the person who 's trying to shoot you is n't going to think the same .
You 're not killing somebody for the fun of it .
If you do n't mark your territory then you 're a nobody . "
Penhaul :
So , apart from the money , why do you do it ?
" C " : " To gain respect round here you have to be a mother f***er .
You 've got to be a bastard so people respect you .
If you 're quiet and respectful everybody takes advantage .
But if they know you 're a mother f***er who 'll bust their ass at the first sign of trouble then they respect you and your family . "
Penhaul :
Are you killing innocent people ?
" C " : " I never kill somebody who does n't deserve it .
Sometimes I 'll hunt down a " patient " for a week just so that I do n't make any mistakes .
You can't go and kill somebody just because you want to .
You have to ask for permission from the big guys who control us .
You explain to the " old man " and he gives the final word . "
Penhaul :
Are you ever on the receiving end of bullets ?
" Red " : " They once shot me four times at point blank range .
I heard them laughing as they walked away and one came back and kicked me in the head for good measure .
When I got better he was the first one I killed .
I 've been shot 17 times .
Well let 's call it 19 if you count the ones that just graze you .
They say some bodies have divine protection .
Let 's hope mine is one of them . "
Penhaul :
Why do n't normal citizens just turn you in ?
Because they 're afraid ?
" C " : " The community collaborates with us .
We give them food parcels and we throw parties for them and give toys to the kids .
We do n't mistreat everybody , just the ones who deserve it .
We do n't kill innocent people . "
Penhaul :
Do you want to get out of this life ?
" C " : " I know you should pay what you owe .
But I do n't want to pay for all those deaths .
I 'll be absolutely f***ed if I have to pay .
I want to get out of this but I want a clean slate .
If I pay my debt to the law then that means jail and if I pay on the street then that means death .
I do n't want to go to jail or to die . "
Penhaul :
Do you see any quick end to the current cartel violence in Medellin ?
" C " : " We 've survived one war , then another and now this one .
I can't see it all ending .
I do n't think that will happen .
If you kill two or three people there 's four or five more behind him who want to kill you . "
It comes from an unexpected source : but Nasa 's just - released finding that water tables in the northwest of India are falling by about 4 cm ( 1.6 in ) per year is a striking microcosm of the unsustainable strain that modern societies are putting on the Earth 's natural resources .
This is a region that is home to more than 100 million people .
And they 're not using the water for long , languid baths or spraying it on manicured lawns ; more than 90 % is used simply to grow the staple crops that feed Delhi and the regions around .
More mouths to feed means a demand for higher yields , which implies irrigation - mining the water at a rate faster than nature replaces it - a process that is , by definition , unsustainable .
The Indian government 's latest assessment of the environment nationwide [ pdf link ] - also released this week - shows that water is just one of the resources being depleted as the population expands ( tripling in 50 years , according to government statistics ) and the economy gathers pace .
Nearly half of the land surface is degraded in some way , air pollution in increasing , some unique species and ecosystems are threatened by development , waste from uncontrolled urbanisation is emerging as a health issue - so the litany goes on .
And climate change now threatens to exacerbate many of the existing problems - progressively eroding the Himalayan glaciers that provide water for so much of the country ( for more than a billion people across South and East Asia ) , reducing crop yields , salinating aquifers around the coast , increasing the need for energy .
Water , energy and food security are a triple whammy of major issues for the years ahead , the government concludes .
Can technology help ?
In principle the storage function of disappearing glaciers could be replaced by reservoirs ; agriculture 's need for water could be curtailed through such approaches as laser precision ground levelling and direct dry seeding ; switching to cleaner fuels ( which has already happened to some extent ) could purge city air of its pollutants .
But coming up in the rear - as the government report acknowledges - is the juggernaut of a growing human population .
It now stands at just over one billion and is forecast to increase to 1.6 billion by 2050 , which the report describes as " hinting towards an alarming situation " .
India 's looming multi-faceted environmental crisis is not unique .
Globally , relentlessly , too many people are chasing too few resources ; and now comes research showing that after decades of decline , fertility rates in many developed countries are rising .
For the first time in 40 years , for example , French couples are having on average two children each ; what this all means for the much - cherished " demographic transition " can only be guessed at .
Next week , another major report will show that India 's water problems are increasingly replicated in other parts of the world - a growing global thirst , and a dwindling supply .
Nearly 40 years ago , governments , through the UN 's first environment summit , acknowledged that the world was on a path of unsustainable development and vowed to do something about it .
What marks would you give them - and , indeed , the whole human species - for success ?
In honor of the first legal marriages of same - sex couples in Vermont , Burlington - based Ben and Jerry ’s will rename its “ Chubby Hubby ” flavor to “ Hubby Hubby ” for the month , reports the AP , via the Rutland Herald .
I had a similar idea when Vermont first approved marriage equality , but clearly I was n’t the only one .
No details yet about what form this renaming will take — if we ’ll see actual package changes ( get your collectible edition now ! ) or if they ’ll just change the flavor - name signs in their shops in the Green Mountain State or around the country .
Any Vermonters out there with the inside scoop ?
Ben and Jerry ’s has long been a supporter of LGBT rights , and it ’s nice to see them marking the occasion , however they do it .
I might just have to celebrate and buy myself a pint .
The Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) has published vague new advertising rules that require online writers to disclose whether they 've been compensated for product endorsements .
The rules are full of ambiguities and double - standards , many of which are summed up on this article in The Atlantic Wire .
Significantly , the new rules place requirements on social media from which traditional print and television media are exempt .
For instance , if a blogger publishes a book review , the rules will require her to disclose whether she received a free copy of the book from the publisher .
Book reviews in print media face no such restrictions .
When pressed on the rules ' discrepancies by blogger Edward Champion , the FTC's Michael Cleland explained that newspapers are more trustworthy than social media because " most of the newspapers have very strict rules about that and on what happens to those products . "
This is an unsupportable assertion , and one which seems to lie in the now time - worn assumption that the Internet is somehow more conducive to corruption and dishonesty than traditional media .
We 've heard this story before ; it was unreasonable then and it 's unreasonable now .
EFF believes that bloggers ought to have the same legal protections and privileges as traditional journalists .
We urge the FTC to rethink and clarify the problematic aspects of these new rules .
Traffic jam pushes the man over the edge .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States issued a report on Thursday detailing possible atrocities by both sides toward the end of Sri Lanka ’s civil war and urged the government to investigate allegations of war crimes .
Children play in a playground at the Settikulam camp for internally displaced people ( IDP ) in northern Sri Lanka August 15 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Stringer
The State Department report , requested by Congress , recounted allegations of government shelling of civilians during the early months of 2009 as well as charges that Tamil rebels recruited children to fight in the conflict .
The State Department said it did not attempt to verify the individual reports , but found them credible .
“ The government of Sri Lanka has said that they are determined to establish a reconciliation process with the people of the north , but we believe strongly that a very important part of any reconciliation process is accountability , ” said State Department spokesman Ian Kelly .
“ This report lays out some concerns that we have about how this military operation was conducted . ”
Sri Lanka ’s government declared victory in May in one of the world ’s most intractable wars .
That followed a series of battles in which government forces killed the leader of the Tamil Tigers , who had been fighting to create a separate ethnic Tamil homeland .
The United Nations said the conflict had killed between 80,000 and 100,000 people in the Indian Ocean country since full - scale civil war broke out in 1983 .
The State Department emphasized that the report reached no legal conclusions as to whether the incidents detailed in the report constitute war crimes or other violations of international human rights law .
Catalog OF GRISLY CHARGES
The report covers only 2009 and quotes primary and secondary sources , including media accounts , eyewitnesses , foreign governments and aid groups .
It accuses the LTTE , which Washington has listed as a terrorist groups since 1997 , of killing civilians and forcibly recruiting people as young as 12 to fight .
It also offered a grisly catalog of alleged government abuses , including the killing of captives or combatants seeking surrender , the abduction and murder of Tamil civilians , and dismal humanitarian conditions in camps for displaced persons .
Sri Lanka rejected the report ’s allegations as “ unsubstantiated and devoid of corroborative evidence . ”
It said LTTE supporters had a long history of fabricating stories to damage the Sri Lankan government ’s reputation .
“ Thereby these interests hope to fan , once again , the flames of secessionism and to undo the concerted efforts of the government and people of Sri Lanka , for rehabilitation and national reconciliation , ” a Foreign Ministry statement said .
The United States called on Sri Lanka to open up areas in the north of the country where the fighting took place so that international organizations could more thoroughly probe the alleged abuses .
“ We call on them to develop the kind of mechanisms that can more thoroughly investigate the many allegations laid out in this report and then ultimately , as appropriate , bring justice to those that are found guilty , ” said Kelly .
Human Rights
Watch said the U.S. report should dispel any doubts that serious abuses were committed during the final months of the 26 - year civil war .
“ Given Sri Lanka ’s complete failure to investigate possible war crimes , the only hope for justice is an independent , international investigation , ” Brad Adams , the watchdog group ’s Asia director , said in a statement .
** September 2011 , uploaded to Youtube : [ link ]
** MA260 2D Animation Final .
Holy shit it 's finally done .
Goddamn , pretty much a solid month of working on this and the character design final , and now they 're both done !
The specifics of this animation changed as I finished it , and in fact the dialog or lack thereof was n't really decided until ohhh 12 hours ago .
Incidentally this thing is due exactly three hours from when I posted .
I was originally going to have dialog , with witty lines like " Eeerectin ' a sand castle ! " but then I would have had bust my ass on last minute lip- syncing , and as it turns out ... I was n't originally going to use music , but having background music seems to really help an animation , and on top of that I just so happened to time my scenes in such a way that they synced up with the TF2 theme .
Imagine that .* Note : my depiction of Pyro Jr. with a caucasian skin and wearing what may be seen as male suggestive clothing does not represent what I think Pyro looks like under his / her suit .
It was merely an artistic choice .
I had some other nit -picky type things to mention in regards to game accuracy , but I can't recall what they were at present .
And jesus christ , I hope Pyro's ' identity is never revealed because if it was it would ruin his identity as PYRO .
The mask IS Pyro .
Art and animation are all by me , character design is based off of the regular TF2 models , just kiddie - fied .
Team Fortress 2 is ( C ) Valve , blah blah blah I do n't own it , the two piece of music used are also ( C ) Valve .
Multicultural affairs
Multicultural Affairs seeks to improve outcomes for people from culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds and assist in building safe , caring and connected communities .
Read the Multicultural Queensland Charter , which aims to promote Queensland as a unified , harmonious and inclusive community .
We are developing strategies to promote the Charter broadly throughout the community and across the state to turn its principles into reality .
The CMQ program funds initiatives that celebrate and promote Queensland ’s multicultural identity , increase community awareness of benefits of multiculturalism , foster community cohesion , and support equal access to opportunities by people from diverse cultural backgrounds .
' Our story , our future ' is the multicultural policy and action plan driving Queensland Government action to achieve an inclusive , harmonious and united Queensland .
Europe 's Unpopular Elections Who Is to Blame for EU Voter Apathy ?
Voter turnout for this week 's European parliamentary election is expected to be the lowest since direct elections began 30 years ago .
Is this the fault of the parliament itself ?
Inadequate media coverage ?
Or are national governments failing in their responsibility to educate the electorate ?
Von Siobhán Dowling
Two mates in their mid-to - late 20s are joking around .
One of them pulls a silver blister pack from his pocket .
It contains a rare drug , two pills of which he pops from the shiny wrapper that he holds in his hand .
He gives one pill to his pal .
They stand still for a moment , consider what they are about to do , before placing the capsules into their mouths and washing them down with a swig of water .
They complete the move with a couple of mock - grimaces .
The drug in question is Modafinil , a form of prescription medication normally used to treat narcolepsy , but which is increasingly being abused by students across the US and UK for its stimulating properties : in small doses it can improve your memory , increase your focus and prevent you from falling asleep ( proving especially handy in the run- up to exams ) .
It is one of a group of cognitive enhancers or " smart pills " that also includes Ritalin and Adderall , both used to treat ADHD ( attention - deficit / hyperactivity disorder ) , that have similar properties .
A study by Cincinnati Children 's Hospital published in the British Medical Journal last month indicated that use of these latter two drugs in the US has increased by 75 per cent between 1998 and 2005 .
What 's more , a 2005 survey of more than 10,000 US university students found that 4 to 7 per cent of them had tried ADHD drugs at least once to pull pre-exam all - nighters .
At some institutions , more than one in four students said they 'd sampled the pills .
The subject is relatively unstudied in the UK but the trend is the subject of a forthcoming documentary , Wasted Britain , set to air on Current TV on 28 September .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" The problem is you do n't know what you 're getting , " says Barbara Sahakian , professor of clinical neuropsychology at Cambridge University 's psychiatry department .
" We do n't know about the effects of long - term use of drugs like Modafinil .
We should wait for the studies to show the effect of it on healthy human beings .
There are pressures on people but these quick fixes are not the way forward ; education and exercise are both good ways of enhancing cognition , too . "
Perhaps what is so worrying about the Current TV programme is the means by which its participants , Steve Middleditch and Christian Boyd , first got hold of Modafinil .
" When the producers first told me to buy it I had never heard of it , " says Middleditch .
" So I began doing some research on the internet .
I discovered that with a few clicks I could get hold of it by filling in a phoney prescription online .
I said I had jet lag . "
A week later a pack of 30 pills arrived , postmarked Mumbai .
To conduct his experiment , Steve woke up one day at 3 am to make himself fatigued , and took the pills at midday the following day .
He describes the experience of taking the drug as odd , to say the least .
" It 's difficult to explain , " he continues .
" You get this massive buzz ; it 's a bit like drinking five cups of coffee in one go .
You get a definite buzz off it .
It affects areas of the brain rather than the heart .
My hands were moving a bit .
I definitely got the jitters .
It 's the sort of thing that not only keeps you awake , it keeps you blathering on .
I certainly felt more focused .
It was definitely stronger than I thought it would be . "
The effects of the drug are well - proven .
In 2003 , Cambridge University researchers found a single dose helped male university students perform in mental planning tests , accurately complete puzzles and remember long chains of digits ; it has also been tested by the US and British forces to allow soldiers to complete all - night operations .
Scientists believe Modafinil can give its user 48 hours of continuous wakefulness ( though there are some side effects : headaches are the most common , though there are plenty of others ) .
The most remarkable thing , however , is that its users do n't have to pay back sleep " debt " – a standard eight hours is enough to compensate for no sleep on the previous night : could this mean a future of 22 - hour days ?
Our bosses may hope so .
" I would take Modafinil again because for me the problem is concentration and focus , " says Boyd .
" It allowed me to get down to what I wanted to do ; I never felt like being distracted , so it was great . "
Philip Harvey , a professor at Emory University in Atlanta , says his work has been helped by Modafinil , which he takes to combat jet lag .
Unlike in the UK , American doctors can prescribe the drug to night - shift workers as well as to narcoleptics .
" I often fly to Europe to give talks , " he says .
" I used to travel the day before to give myself time to recover , but with Modafinil I can now give a talk the same day I arrive and feel like I 've had a normal night 's sleep . "
Modafinil is not a golden drug , though .
Its other side - effects may include insomnia , agitation , anxiety , agitation , and heart problems .
And then there are the ethics of taking something that might give you an unfair advantage over your peers .
" It 's all in your personal preference , " concludes Middleditch .
" But I do n't think it is a good thing .
I can see why some people might take them .
We 've all had a deadline and been knackered and that pill will help you reach that deadline .
In some scenarios where people need it I can also agree with it – some troops in combat might use it , or a paramedic might need it to stay focused .
Perhaps there 's some warrant in that .
But personally it's not something I would take again , but that 's just my feeling because it does n't feel right .
You become this person that you are kind of not .
It 's a strange feeling – the day after you still have this strange sensation in your head . "
Ritalin and Adderall , which are defined by their active ingredients of mixed amphetamine salts and methylphenidate , as well as increasing concentration ( in the right doses ) can also be taken for the buzz they create .
They are often used in combination with other drugs such as alcohol , or cocaine .
Research conducted by Harry Sumnall , a psychopharmacologist at the Centre for Public Health at Liverpool 's John Moores University , claims that research he has conducted in Merseyside shows that children with prescriptions for ADHD treatments were routinely selling their drugs ; in some cases , so were their parents .
" At least in the US they 're looking out for the problem and routinely including Ritalin misuse in high school drugs surveys , for example , " he says .
" We might have to do the same here . "
These drugs are also less effective than Modafinil at enhancing performance .
" The biggest issue with these drugs , certainly with the likes of Adderall , is that it is very difficult to know how much to take ; very quickly they can go from enhancing your performance to making you of no use whatsoever , " says John Marsden , a reader in addiction psychology at the Institute of Psychiatry .
" Though the principal issue is that if people were using these drugs it might set in train a process where people were using them more and more and become addicted to them . "
' Wasted Britain ' is aired on Current TV ( Sky channel 183 / Virgin channel 155 ) on Monday 28 September
Cognitive enhancers :
Is it smart to take them ?
Modafinil
Modafinil often comes in the form of the branded Provigil and is a memory - enhancing and mood - brightening stimulant , which enhances wakefulness .
It stimulates activity within the brain and spinal cord ( central nervous system ) .
It is used to treat narcolepsy and sleep apnoea .
It was rejected in 2006 by the Food and Drug Administration in America for prescribing to children with ADHD , but it is prescribed in the UK .
Some of the side effects include unstable moods , blurred vision and difficulty sleeping .
Ritalin – Tablets of Ritalin , one of the most widely known drug used to treat ADHD in children , contain the active ingredient methylphenidate hydrochloride .
This is a stimulant and it is also possible to buy methylphenidate tablets on their own in an unbranded form .
As well as calming hyperactive kids , it is used illegally by students to boost concentration and effectiveness at exams .
The drug is still illegal without prescription in the UK , and is lawfully rated as class B in this instance .
Concerta
This is another branded version of methylphenidate hydrochloride , which has very similar effects as Ritalin .
It is one of the newer brands on the market used to treat children with ADHD .
The side effects seem less pronounced in children than Ritalin but there are still many , such as abdominal pain , nervousness and hostility .
It is used less than Ritalin by students but for the same effects .
Adderall
Contains both amphetamines and dextro- amphetamines ( amphetamine salts ) and is widely prescribed as a drug to treat ADHD .
It has four component salts which are claimed to metabolise at different rates .
Manufacturers suggest that this makes the effects smoother .
It is also used to treat narcolepsy and sometimes severe depression .
The patient or drug user experiences more intense and sustained periods of concentration .
It can cause psychotic episodes in those with a history of psychosis , though this is rare .
The 2ft tall teenager is a full head and shoulders shorter than He Pingping of China , who at 2ft 5in is the current holder of the world 's smallest man title .
He is now waiting for official recognition from Guinness World Records .
Great deals on musical instruments
Electric guitar player Jimmy Page is being sought after to appear on BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge .
Fearne Cotton this week took over from Jo Whiley on the daily music programme , which is set to feature acts such as Mika and Shakira .
However , the new host has admitted that the Led Zeppelin star is at the top of her wishlist of prospective performers .
Speaking to the Mirror , she said getting the legendary electric guitar player to appear would be a " dream " .
Cotton also highlighted Kings of Leon as another one of her targets , saying they would be " incredible " .
The presenter added that the Live Lounge is a " really integral part " of Radio 1 and offers " live music at its best " .
Page is currently promoting his new movie documentary It Might Get Loud , which charts the history of the electric guitar and includes contributions from Jack White of The White Stripes and The Edge from U2 .
Buy an electric guitar now
Standing on the end of Bailey Point , looking out on a cold , blue inlet of the Atlantic , you ’d never know a nuclear power plant once stood here .
The massive concrete containment dome , the spent fuel storage pool , and the six - story - high turbine hall were all torn down earlier this decade , leaving a rain - soaked meadow of grass .
The engineers and technicians who tended the 900 - megawatt reactor packed up and left town a decade ago , when the Maine Yankee Atomic Power Station stopped producing power .
All that ’s left is radioactive waste : the remains of the plant ’s reactor vessel lining and the 1,435 spent fuel assemblies that passed through it over a quarter century of operations .
It has nowhere else to go .
The owners of the defunct plant have put the waste in sealed canisters and placed them inside 64 two - story concrete silos that stand in regimented formation behind a 12 - foot earthen berm and twin rows of razor - wire - topped fencing .
Guards , insurance , maintenance , and other costs add up to $ 8 million a year , which is currently borne by utility customers .
If it were n’t for the need to watch over the waste , the company would have been dissolved with the rest of the plant in 2005 .
Wiscasset , a community of fewer than 4 , 000 sometimes called the prettiest little village in Maine , is one of eight US towns that have found themselves stuck with high - level waste after the power plants that produced it disappeared .
Other communities will join them in the coming decade as more plants reach the end of their life spans .
Maine
Yankee ’s owners worry that spent fuel and other wastes may sit where they are for decades , given the Obama administration ’s decision to abandon work on a controversial federal repository at Yucca Mountain in Nevada .
“ We ’re kind of in limbo now , ” says Maine Yankee spokesman Eric Howes , standing next to a concrete barrier at the approach to the interim storage yard .
“ The law says the federal government was supposed to take this stuff away 11 years ago .
There are places they could take it , so we want them to please enforce the law . ”
Fifty years after the first civilian nuclear power plant came on line , the United States has yet to decide what to do with the spent fuel they produce , raising questions about proposals to build more plants to meet future energy needs and reduce greenhouse - gas emissions .
“ If you do n’t have a credible endpoint for spent fuel that deals with the long - term safety and security issues , you really have to wonder if nuclear power is a reasonable choice , ” says physicist Edwin Lyman , a senior staff scientist with the Union of Concerned Scientists ( UCS ) in Washington .
By law , the federal government was supposed to have built a permanent repository and begun taking custody of the spent fuel piling up at the nation ’s 104 nuclear plants in 1998 .
Complications – both political and technical – delayed work at Yucca Mountain , where the government has spent more than $ 13 billion .
The delays caused spent fuel to begin piling up , filling storage pools at power plants across the country and forcing some of them to build special facilities to warehouse the waste .
Today there are 60,000 metric tons of spent fuel awaiting permanent disposal , according to the Nuclear Energy Institute , an industry association , and the nation ’s power plants produce 2,000 tons more each year .
Even if work on Yucca Mountain had continued , it would n’t have solved the problem :
By the early 2020s , when it would have been completed , the nation ’s nuclear waste would have already exceeded the repository ’s 70,000 - ton capacity .
The owners of decommissioned plants want the federal government to build its own interim storage site and to take their spent fuel away first , allowing them to close their facilities , sell property , and dissolve their companies .
“ Here in New England there are three high - level nuclear storage sites , each of which has to be protected by three separate companies with redundant facilities , ” says Bob Capstick , the Boston - based spokesman for two decommissioned plants , Yankee Rowe in Rowe , Mass . , and Connecticut Yankee in Haddam , Conn .
“ It makes a lot more sense for the feds to bring it to a central storage location . ”
Either way , the federal taxpayer will probably be stuck with the bill because the government was under a legal obligation to begin taking possession of spent fuel in 1998 .
In 2006 , a federal judge awarded the three New England plants $ 142 million in damages , but the Department of Energy ( DOE ) has appealed the way the damages were calculated .
“ It ’s bad enough to have spent fuel stored on the site of an operating plant , but at least then you already have a security force and the technical skills to deal with radiation risks , ” says Jerry Stouck , the attorney who represented the New England plants .
“ If you have to keep the same expertise on the site and all you ’re doing is baby - sitting the fuel , it ’s just a waste of money . ”
Others say a centralized interim storage site makes sense from a security point of view .
“ If you have a hundred and some odd sites in 30 or more states where a terrorist attack could take place , you would think it might be better to house it all in one , centralized , highly secure location , ” notes Patrick Dostie , Maine ’s state nuclear safety inspector .
Centralized interim storage has its critics , though .
Dr. Lyman of UCS says the concept is a bad one , as it requires spent fuel to be transported twice before it reaches its final resting spot .
“ The less you move the fuel around , the better , ” he says , pointing out that it is probably most vulnerable to accident or attack when it ’s moving overland on trucks or rail cars , sometimes through densely populated areas .
“ The standards for transportation are pretty lax , and the risks of moving fuel twice outweigh the benefits . ”
Asked about the prospects for a central interim storage facility , DOE spokeswoman Stephanie Mueller says the government is not currently “ focused on specific sites ” but rather on developing “ thoughtful , long - term solutions to nuclear waste storage that do not involve Yucca Mountain . ”
Energy Secretary Steven
Chu plans to delegate that task to a special blue ribbon commission whose membership has yet to be determined .
The Nuclear Energy Institute is n’t opposed to a centralized interim site , just as long as the federal government does n’t run it , according to Steven Kraft , the industry group ’s senior director for used fuel management .
“ DOE could rent space in a private facility , but we do not think it would make sense for it to be a government facility , ” he says , adding that government management would be more expensive and cumbersome .
“ Look at how well the government has done with Yucca Mountain , ” he says with irony .
Mr. Kraft also says the uncertainty over spent - fuel disposal would have “ no effect at all ” on efforts to expand nuclear power generation .
“ Whether or not you build new nuclear plants in this country will be determined by traditional business factors , ” he says .
“ We have to have a plan to deal with spent fuel , but we do not see it as an impediment . ”
Back in Wiscasset , Don Hudson is n’t so sure .
“ The constipation of the nuclear fuel cycle – our inability to develop a plan to deal with the waste – effectively puts a hold on any kind of significant redevelopment of nuclear power in this country , ” says Mr. Hudson , who ’s president of the Chewonki Foundation , an environmental education group that owns former Maine Yankee land adjacent to the interim storage site , and also serves on the facility ’s community advisory committee .
“ I ’m very comfortable with the way the [ Wiscasset ] site is being managed right now , ” he says , “ but I do n’t think it is a sustainable plan to have 60 or 70 of these installations spread across the country for any number of economic , ecological , and radiological reasons .
I think it ’s just crazy for us to be talking about developing an increased capacity to make waste when we do n’t have a plan to deal with it . ”
Editor 's note :
For more articles about the environment , see the Monitor 's main environment page , which offers information on many environment topics .
Also , check out our Bright Green blog archive and our RSS feed .
ABC ’s George Stephanopolous reported :
Newt Gingrich and Howard Dean went at it on health care this morning on This Week .
Especially over Sarah Palin ’s claim that Obama ’s health care plan will create “ death panels ” that would encourage euthanasia .
“ Communal standards historically is a very dangerous concept , ” Gingrich told me .
“ You are asking us to trust turning power over to the government , when there are clearly people in American who believe in establishing euthanasia , including selective standards . ”
July 27 , 2009 4:00 PM |
[ '@ Play ' is a monthly column by John Harris which discusses the history , present and future of the Roguelike dungeon exploring genre .
This time - a discussion of using Python to make Roguelike games . ]
So let 's talk a bit about Roguelike development languages .
Traditionally , the One True Roguelike Language has been C . All of the current " major roguelikes , " Nethack , Angband , ADOM and Dungeon Crawl , are either written in it or in C ++.
( Nethack makes use of bison and lex , and Angband used to use Lua for scripting . )
The genre 's origins on Unix systems , its ties with the curses console library , its reliance on a console in general , and the fact that when the genre got started C was basically it as far as serious programming languages go , all these things combined to identify the genre somewhat strongly with C .
This is not as much the case now .
As this year 's 7DRL competition demonstrated , new roguelikes are now written in all kinds of languages , ranging from Java to MOS6510 assembly .
A few were even written in Python , a language that has historically been regarded as more of a scripting language .
I mean , scoff scoff , what business does a " real game " have being written in something like Python ?
[ NOTE : Our column this time is concerned with matters of development and computer languages .
If you 're just interested in playing them , you might find this one to be somewhat dry at best , and confusing at worst .
I apologize for this ; try back next time and we should have a more interesting column for you . ]
Well ...
Python has progressed a point of nearly - unmatched flexibility .
( Perl may be more flexible , but it 's harder to learn .
Ruby is similar in many ways . )
It is a semi- compiled language ; upon running , it is automatically compiled into a bytecode that is then run in an interpreted fashion .
However , it also has an " immediate mode , " allowing someone to test out code efficiently .
These attributes combine to give it more than a little similarity to the BASICs that used to come with 8 - bit computers , on which a legion of programmers , including myself , learned to smash bits together .
Writing in Python is fun in a sense that is not often attached to the idea of software development .
And yet , Python is serious news .
It 's available for a plethora of systems , and it 's got more than one interface to SDL for high - level hardware utilization .
If the Python virtual machine is n't to your liking , there are versions that have been rewritten to use the Java and .NET machines .
If that 's not enough , using the Psyco module you can even cause your Python program to be transparently compiled to machine code , providing amazing speed increases in most cases .
Some time back I spent a couple of months tinkering with a roguelike engine in Python .
The contents of this column are my own observations concerning Python as a roguelike language .
It offers a unique set of benefits , but also a couple of surprisingly drawbacks , for use in implementing these games .
I am by no means a Python expert , but I have played around with it for a while .
Please give whatever weight to my impressions you deem appropriate .
But it 's enough for me to strongly suggest , if you 're looking to get your feet wet in roguelike development , to give Python a try .
Note : although intended for people unfamiliar with Python in general , this column is not intended to be a primer or tutorial for the language of Python .
It 's pretty much just an overview of interesting features and potential pitfalls .
We do n't even get into some of Python 's more interesting general aspects , such as its enforced indentation scheme .
We 're focused pretty sharply on using Python for making roguelikes .
There are plenty of good Python resources on the web for the Googling , though , and not a few books devoted to the subject .
Lists
One of the primary advantages of using a language like Python ( or one of several other scripting languages ) is the ubiquity of lists as a data type .
If you 're used to arrays from other languages , which tend to enforce all elements being of the same data type ( even if those are frequently pointers ) and being tricky to resize at runtime , this can seem amazing .
These attributes make arrays ill - suited to being used to manage stuff like inventory and monster lists , since they typically impose a hard limit on size .
Because of these limitations , roguelike development in C tends to be loaded to the gills with linked lists to handle space contents , inventory , monster populations , and , heaven help us , monster inventory .
Linked lists are not a native type to C ; the programmer has to either create and manage them himself ( and I can say , from personal experience at the very least , that beginners designing such code are prone to making maddeningly elusive errors ) or use an external library to handle the mechanics for you .
If you avoid using a library , you 'll end up writing a lot of utility code to maintain these lists , and expending energy to write that code , energy that comes at the cost of your enthusiasm for the project .
The great majority of software projects never see completion , and part of that , I submit , is the need to write abundant utility code .
C's strengths lie in its relative closeness to the metal , but that means it does little for the developer .
Even common things like string handling are notoriously convoluted in C .
Python , as a " very high - level language , " handles strings like a dream , uses an efficient garbage collector , and its lists are practically a godsend .
There are some difficulties with learning to use them ; we 'll talk about those once we get into Python 's drawbacks .
But most of it is a substance remarkably like gravy .
What is especially cool about lists is that , unlike C's arrays , you can put any data type you want into a list 's cells ; they do n't all have to be the same size .
If you wanted , you could store a string in the first spot , an integer in the second , another entire list in the third , and so on , using them as makeshift structs .
Mind , however , that Python contains robust support for classes , so there 's little reason to do this ....
All this is possible because , behind the scenes , Python is actually doing all the pointer juggling itself .
This is not perfectly efficient , of course , but for a roguelike game the difference in speed can usually be measured in milliseconds .
Further , lists can do lots of things easily that arrays cannot .
They can easily be increased or decreased in size , arbitrary elements inserted and removed , used as stacks , operations performed on every item , copied , and reversed , and a surprising number of other things .
The random module contains a method for easily shuffling the contents of a list in place .
Of special interest is sorting : once your brain comes to properly grok list sorting , it 'll start coming up with all kinds of nifty , unexpected uses .
Now , granted , the tradeoff is that lists are more computationally - expensive than arrays .
Python 's internal algorithms are well - optimized , but it simply has more to do beneath the surface than a C array lookup would , which is basically simple pointer arithmetic .
It is worth noting that fast - action games have been written in Python ( for instance , popular indie game Rom Check Fail is actually written in Python using a PyCap , an interface to PopCap 's game development libraries ) , but it is still lacking for some purposes .
Roguelikes , however , are mostly turn - based , and a lot of processing behind the scenes may not produce anything more than a tenth - of - a - second pause .
This makes Python , and other very - high - level languages too , potent tools for a roguelike developer .
Dictionaries
Nearly as cool as lists is the dictionary data type , which is analogous to Perl and Ruby 's hashes .
If you 're not familiar with the concept , try to imagine the following .
Start with an array .
Then , abandon the idea that the elements in the array are in some sort of definite order ; you can iterate through all the elements in the dictionary with a for loop , but there are no guarantees what order they 'll be in .
To compensate for this , instead of indexing the dictionary by a boring ol ' integer value , you can use any immutable type in Python .
That is to say , you can have an " array " that you access , not with a number , but with a string , or a float , or - - of particular use to us - - a pair of coordinates .
Since Python refers to everything using objects , and variables just contain references to them , you can have one list of all the monsters in the level , and alongside it a dictionary that refers to the same monster objects according to their coordinates .
This would make getting all the monsters in a room , or in the range of an area - effect spell , a matter of checking all coordinates in a smal range , instead of the potentially much - more - expensive route of checking every monster on the level for proximity .
More importantly , the code is more elegant ; elegant code is easier to read and maintain , because your brain does n't have to context shift to whatever devious technique you made up in prior weeks to get a feature working .
The idea of pointing these uses for hashes out is not to say you must do it this way , but to show that Python provides a strange and wonderful toolset for use .
As you come to understand the things that Python makes both easy , and surprisingly fast , all kinds of clever ways to do things may present themselves to your mind .
For beginning programmers , however , I do n't think any feature of Python is more useful than its interactive shell .
It 's what elevates Python to the realm of old 8 - bit computer programming languages , and I mean that in a good way ; with a quick command , you can test out almost any code Python will compile and make sure it does what you expect , just like the old days of sloped keyboard boxes and Microsoft BASIC .
This above all helps make Python fun to work with by allowing for near - instantaneous testing of prospective code .
List Copy Troubles
I think Python is , overall , fairly well suited to the task of serving as a roguelike development language , but there are a few gotchas one must look out for when beginning to use it as such .
I mention it here because I myself was bitten by this , and it took me quite some time to overcome the issue .
One of the most intractable such problems comes from one of its greatest advantages , how it treats everything as an object , with all variables , behind the scenes , serving as merely references to the data .
This may not sound like much of a problem .
Is n't that the entire point of a variable after all ?
But there is a secret gotcha here that will bite if you are unprepared for it !
The trouble lies with Python 's two classes of datatype , mutable and immutable .
Simply , the data in a mutable type can be changed without changing the reference .
Lists are mutable because you may change any of its contents but the identity of the list does not change : it 's the same list , just modified .
Imutable objects , conversely , cannot be changed without creating a new copy of the item .
Python often takes care of that for you , so in many cases you do n't notice there 's a difference at all .
In most cases , it just means that behind the scenes Python creates new copies of changed values and discards any old value that had been there .
This is good because pretty much all numbers are immutable , and you never have difficulty using the += operator because Python just creates a new value to go in that spot .
The most commonly encountered problems with immutable objects usually have to do with strings , which are immutable types in Python .
But mutable objects can pose difficulties , too .
The problem comes in when you make a copy of a piece of data , producing two references to the same thing .
If the data is immutable then that 's not much of a problem , for when one of the values is changed it 'll create a new value anyway .
But if you assign the same list , a mutable type , to two different variables and then change one of the elements in that list , you 'll find that both lists have changed .
It is possible to be profoundly screwed over by this behaviour if you 're not looking for it ; it looks much like the kind of stray pointer bugs that C code sometimes spawns , with values changing unexpectedly , but it 's not a bug .
But if you 're not careful , such reference copies can spread far throughout your program .
It 's difficult to cause Python to make an explicit copy of a mutable object , so difficult that Python has an entire module , copy , devoted to it to making it easy .
Yet even with this module , the problem is not always easily solved .
Consider the case where you have a list of lists , a structure that roguelike authors , for reasons we 'll shortly examine , often end up trying in Python .
A list is just a sequence of references , referred to by number instead of , as with simple variables , name .
So , a list of lists is really a list of references to lists of references !
If you make an ordinary copy of such a list , you 'll only end up with a shallow copy ;
The top - level list will be copied , but the interior list contents will all refer to the originals , and these " quantum entanglement " change bugs will persist .
Heaven help you if you make a list of lists of lists , which my own code used .
The copy module contains a special function for these structures , deepcopy , that ensures that every data item copied is new .
The drawback is that deepcopy is relatively slow , since it does paranoid reference checking , and making lots of use of it can drag down your game .
Lack of Built - in Multi-Dimensional List
I mention that copy problems become bad if you make a list of lists .
Why would one do such a thing ?
It sounds slightly obscene , does n't it , an unholy rite of development that could conjure demon bugs .
Yet Python has special need of such a data structure because ... here it comes ... the basic language does not contain an analogue for multi-dimensional arrays .
Lists are a one - dimensional structures only .
Need I remind you , roguelike dungeon levels are usually stored as two - dimensioned arrays of spaces .
To simulate a grid , if you want to keep the syntax similar to C , you must use a list of lists .
In code , this ends up looking like :
dungeon = [ [ wall , wall , wall , wall , wall ] ,
[ wall , stairsup , space , player , wall ] ,
[ wall , space , monster , space , wall ] ,
[ wall , space , treasure , stairsdown , wall ] ,
[ wall , wall , wall , wall , wall ] ]
Do you see what this list does ?
A single list is defined by square brackets ; thus , square - brackets inside of square brackets define sublists .
To read the contents of a space , for game logic purposes or to render the display , one can refer to it with :
dungeon[y ] [ x ]
But this scheme is vulnerable to all the copy problems mentioned above .
I know of two ways to remedy this sanely : using a wrapper class around a list , and using a dictionary .
The dictionary method I 've described above ; you just use a tuple ( an immutable analogue for an array , using parentheses instead of square ones ) for the coordinates .
Like this :
dictarray = {}
# Assignment
dictarray [ ( 3 , 3 ) ] = " floor "
# Recall
print dictarray [ ( 3 , 3 ) ]
It 's kind of a weird solution though ; although it only uses up memory for the spaces you actually fill , it 's a bit less efficient than an array , and if you try to access a spot that contains nothing it 'll raise an exception .
There are ways around this : you could access dictionaries using its get method , like so :
dictarray.get ( ( 0 , 0 ) , " wall " )
That supplies a default value for unassigned spaces .
You could also use a wrapping class like we 're about to do with lists to handle default cases , and there 's also a way to change Python 's handling of dictionaries to avoid this problem .
Those are beyond the scope of this column , but are definitely doable .
Possibly the best tradeoff between efficiency and sane syntax is to make a new class to represent your multidimensional array .
The first thing we should realize is that a multi- dimensional array is simply a one - dimensional one remapped .
A 5 x 5 array is really , to the runtime , a 25 - cell array with a little syntactic sugar to make it seem like something else .
If we know the size of the x dimension of the array , we can easily do this math ourselves .
listarray = [ " topleft " , " topmiddle " , " topright " ,
" middleleft " , " center " , " middleright " , " bottomleft " ,
" bottommiddle " , " bottomright " ]
xsize = 3
#
# Retrieve cell 1 , 2
x = 1
y = 2
print listarray[x + y * xsize ]
This code returns " bottommiddle " as its result .
C actually makes this relationship a bit more explicit , and we can do some pointer math in a way that makes sense if a raw buffer were to be used exactly like an array .
But usually the compiler does this math behind the scenes .
We can do it back there too , by using a wrapper class :
import copy
from defines import *
# 2D array - faking helper functions
import copy
class TwoDArray ( object ) :
" " "
Implemented as a list simulating an array , with extra attributes for the
size .
" " "
def __init__( self , xextent , yextent , initialstate = 0 ) :
" " "
To initialize , we simply store the extents and create a list of the appropriate size .
Most of the code here should be self - explanatory .
" " "
self.xsize = xextent
self.ysize = yextent
arraybuild = [ ]
for index in range ( xextent * yextent ) :
arraybuild.append(copy.deepcopy( initialstate ) )
self.array = arraybuild
def checkbounds ( self , x , y ) :
if ( x >= self.xsize ) or ( x < 0 ) or ( y >= self.ysize ) or ( y < 0 ) :
return False
else :
return True
def get ( self , x , y ) :
if self.checkbounds(x , y ) :
try :
return self.array[x + ( y * self.xsize ) ]
except IndexError :
raise
else :
raise ValueError , " Index out of bounds : " + str(x ) + " , " + str(y )
def put ( self , x , y , assign ) :
if self.checkbounds(x , y ) :
self.array[x + ( y * self.xsize ) ] = assign
else :
raise ValueError , " Index out of bounds " + str(x ) + " , " + str(y )
An example of use :
dungeon = TwoDArray ( 5 , 5 , " wall " )
for x in range ( 1 , 4 ) :
for y in range ( 1 , 4 ) :
TwoDArray.set( x , y , " floor " )
To recall the contents of a cell , we 'd use the get method instead , providing only the coordinates as arguments .
If we wanted to , we could even subclass lists and make a new access method " official , " with its own syntax , but that 's beyond the scope of this column and my abilities at the moment .
Heh .
There , that was n't so bad , was it ?
Python is capable of performing miracles if used correctly .
Notice , by the way , that many of the things I 've mentioned here can also be done , in a similar way , with Ruby .
It does n't have as many built - in helper functions as Python , and those can come in handy at times , but to our perspective the languages are n't much different at all .
The biggest change to this basic exposition lies in the fact that Ruby does n't seem to have an explicit copy method , which sometimes leads to having to use strange solutions such as serializing the data with Marshal and unserializing it to make an unconnected copy .
In other news ....
The developers of Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup have announced a tournament for the month of August under the most recent version of their game .
The tournament will take place on the two semi-official Crawl public servers at and crawl.develz.org .
Visit the Stone Soup home page for more information .
There is an up - and - coming commercial iPhone roguelike called 100 Rogues .
We 're going to try to have an interview with project lead Keith Burgun up in a few days , but in the meantime you might have a look at their Facebook page , which offers a little more information as well as an info video of an intriguing character class ....
Wine Announcement
The Wine development release 1.1.29 is now available .
What 's new in this release ( see below for details ) : - Improved Gecko integration by using Wine 's network layers .
- Use of external libmpg123 for mp3 decoding .
- Support for JPEG and PNG formats in WindowsCodecs . - Many regression test fixes for Win64 and Windows 7 . - Various bug fixes .
The source is available from the following locations : http://ibiblio.org/pub/linux/system/emulators/wine/wine-1.1.29.tar.bz2
http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/wine/wine-1.1.29.tar.bz2
Binary packages for various distributions will be available from : http://www.winehq.org/site/download
You will find documentation on http://www.winehq.org/site/documentation
You can also get the current source directly from the git repository .
Check http://www.winehq.org/site/git for details .
Wine is available thanks to the work of many people .
See the file AUTHORS in the distribution for the complete list .
----------------------------------------------------------------
Bugs fixed in 1.1.29 : 231 winemaker : Issue the warnings directly in the source 5625 Wine does not handle internet proxy settings conveniently 7854 VB 3.0 : Installation fails 9294 Crash when loading Vampire - The Maquerade - Redemption 10397 CSS crashes when trying to accept option change 11345 Wrong button vertical position 11618 Wineinstall blocks midway through 13125 Fahrenheit ( Indigo Prophecy ) broken in newer versions of Wine .
13411 setup_exception_record stack overflow in Teach2000 13945 subversion fails to Initial network when using http protocol 14110 Adobe Audition 1.5 : does not install in Hardy Heron 14198 Achieve planner crashes after entering data 14206 Achieve planner freezes when clicking the ' finished ' tab 14784 SetWindowHookEx fail to inject DLL containing the HookProc if ...
14907 TntMPD : Install procedure stopped working between 0.9.61 and 1.0.0 14998 BioShock demo dose not start at all 15056 Graphical glitches in the menu of The longest journey demo 15112 Prey crashes with Segmentation fault 15181 IBM Client Access Terminal Emulator crashes on startup 15563 AVG Free 7.1 fails due to missing or broken DLLs 15744 Microsoft Money 2001 can't open saved files 16153 F1 Challenge , incorrectly renders rear view 16249 mspaint does not render PNG files correctly 16292 Activeworlds client 4.2 update fails with " reason 13 " 16677 World of Warcraft WotLK crashes randomly after login 16844 3 dmark2001 Point Sprites test rendered incorrectly in wine >= 1.1.12 17150 Achieve Planner 1.9.0 ( XP version ) aborts with " failed to load resources from resource file " 17227 PAF 5 help window text is blank 17394 Chip view window is not displayed properly 17408 ASPI crashes randomly 17428 Taskmgr : blank process names in Process list .
17482 Paint.NET
does n't install anymore 17783 steamcommunity .com certificate not recognised 17897 OpenAL installer thinks it is AMD - 64 17898 DM
Evidence application freezes 18275 Snail Mail crashes during startup 18519 eMule crashes scrolling files 18525 Adobe Reader 9.10 upgrade fails 18989 Trackmania Nations Forever does not run 19086 Front Panel Designer : crashes when trying to load saved files 19185 Word Viewer crash at the end of the installation 19266 POD and Caldari shuttle bad render 19318 Word Viewer 2003 - installs extra files ?
( appinstall ) 19392 Runes of magic : crash while entering world 19472 EVE
Online avatar rendering sometimes crashes Wine 19631 Multiple application installations fail after BadMatch error 19721 Dragon Naturally Speaking 10S training text grays - out too fast 19778 cmd set " FOO=bar " does the wrong thing ; breaks firefox build script 19822 many fullscreen apps loose focus in a virtual desktop when leaving it 19826 .
Net 2.0 Listview is n't updated properly and causes program to hang 19839 Access violation when closing ImgBurn 2.5.0.0 if its ' Disc Layout Editor ' window has ever been opened .
19854 Oblivion crashes constantly if music is enabled 19875 64 - bit wine build broken
----------------------------------------------------------------
Changes since 1.1.28 : Akihiro Sagawa ( 8 ) : uninstaller : Add Japanese translation .
appwiz.cpl : Update and refine Japanese translation .
reg : Update Japanese translation .
comctl32 : Update Japanese translation .
regedit : Update Japanese translation .
shell32 : Update Japanese translation .
csetupapi : Update Japanese translation .
winecfg : Update Japanese translation .
Alexandre Julliard ( 44 ) : server : Define an architecture - independent structure for process startup info .
winebuild : Add win32 / win64 generic architectures in addition to specific CPUs .
ntdll :
The large integer functions are 32 - bit only .
msvcrt :
The floating point adjust functions only make sense on i386 .
user32 : The LongPtr functions are only exported on 64 - bit .
shell32 : Move the IQueryAssociations implementation from shlwapi to shell32 .
winemp3 : Include wine / port.h. libwine : Determine the bin directory independently from the lib directory if possible .
ntdll / tests :
Make sure buffer alignment is correct .
comctl32/tests : Fix tab control test failures on older Windows versions .
comctl32/tests : Fix tooltips test failures on older Windows versions .
riched20 : Make sure we have a valid ITextHost vtable for all platforms .
ntdll : Correctly jump to the modified context after an exception on x86_64 .
tools :
Take into account the executable extension when looking for tools in the path .
ntdll : Fix handling of the duplicate MxCsr entry in the x86_64 context .
ntdll : Fix a couple of system information structures for 64 - bit.
ntdll : Return the expected length in NtQueryInformationProcess .
ntdll : Define correct address space limits for x86_64 .
setupapi : Fix a structure size check for 64 - bit .
ws2_32/tests : Fix test failures on Vista. ntdll : Move the abort_thread ( ) function to the CPU - specific files to allow redefining it .
ntdll : Unwind the stack before calling exit / abort_thread .
ntdll : Add support for unwinding the signal stack on x86_64 .
ntdll : Add support for Dwarf expressions in call frame information .
ntdll : Route the process startup through the platform - specific thread startup code .
ntdll :
Use a more drastic ( and simpler ) method for unwinding the stack on thread exit .
configure : Check for mpg123 _feed function since we require it .
kernel32 : Fix the GetThreadPriority Boost return value .
comctl32/tests :
Fix some toolbar test failures on older Windows versions .
comctl32/tests : Fix status test failures on older Windows versions .
tools : Copy 16 - bit font definitions to avoid including 16 - bit headers .
configure :
Fix remaining instances of mpg123 _init check .
winex11 : Bytes per line is signed so make it an int instead of a DWORD .
user32 : Do n't send focus change messages if foreground window did n't change .
user32 : Bring SwitchToThisWindow a bit more in line with the now documented behavior .
libport : Added an interlocked_cmpxchg128 function for 64 - bit. ntdll : Implemented the SList functions for Win64 .
msxml3 : Move typelib definitions out of #ifdef HAVE_LIBXML2 .
server : Disable large files for procfs on Solaris .
msvcrt :
Fix the strtol / strtoul definitions .
configure :
Add a .exe extension to the tools dependencies when building on Windows .
setupapi : Fix a compiler warning .
kernel32/tests : Avoid size_t in traces .
windowscodecs/tests : Avoid size_t in traces .
Alistair Leslie - Hughes ( 9 ) : mshtml : Implement HTMLCurrentStyle_get_borderRightWidth .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_borderBottomWidth .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_borderTopWidth .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_color .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_backgroundColor .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_overflow .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_borderWidth .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_margin. mshtml : Implement IHTMLStyle get / put letterSpacing .
Andrew Eikum ( 9 ) : ole32 : Do n't read past the end of the stream when converting block types .
gdiplus : Support regions of more than one rectangle in GdipCreateRegionHrgn .
user32/tests : Fix input test failures on NT4 .
gdiplus : Implement GdipIsVisibleRegionPoint .
gdiplus : Implement GdipIsVisibleRegionRect .
gdiplus : Add utility function get_visible_clip_region .
gdiplus : Implement GdipIsVisiblePoint .
gdiplus : Implement GdipIsVisibleRect .
ole32 : Overwrite previous CompObj instead of failing .
Andrew Nguyen ( 2 ) : user32/tests : Fix a test failure on Win9x .
comdlg32 : Fix the copyright year for the Esperanto translation .
André Hentschel ( 4 ) : wcmd : Ignore start and end quotes .
winemaker :
Fix dll compiling in project files .
winemaker : Update usage text .
winetest : Mute an annoying message box .
Aric Stewart ( 11 ) : msacm32 : If a driver load fails and it does not give us another error set the error to MMSYSERR_NODRIVER .
msacm32 : In acmDriverDetails if we are unable to load the driver then return MMSYSERR_NOTSUPPORTED as windows does .
msacm32/tests : msacm32 can enumerate drivers that cannot be loaded or have their details queried .
Deal with this properly .
winemp3.acm : Link to system libmpg123.so. msctf : Define ITfSourceSingle .
msctf : Stub implementation of ITfSourceSingle for ITfContext .
msctf : Hook up ITfTextEditSink :: OnEndEdit . msctf : Hook up ITfLanguageProfileNotifySink:: OnLanguageChange .
msctf : Correct handling if NULL for pdimFocus in ITfThreadMgr:: SetFocus .
msctf : Implement ITfThreadMgr:: AssociateFocus .
msctf/tests : Test ITfThreadMgr:: AssociateFocus .
Austin English ( 9 ) : dxdiag : Add stub implementation .
dnsapi : Add a stub for DnsFlushResolverCache .
ole32 : Add a stub for CoGetCurrentLogicalThreadId. dxdiag : Make dxdiag a Unicode rather than ANSI program .
dxdiag :
Add basic command line parsing .
ntdll / tests : Fix a compiler warning on PowerPC. winscard : Add a stub for SCardListCardsA. oleaut32 : Avoid a NULL pointer dereference .
ole32 : Fix build on Power PC .
Benjamin Kramer ( 1 ) : ntdll : Fix build on MacOSX .
Chris Robinson ( 1 ) : winemp3.acm : Fix reading / decoding loop .
Damjan Jovanovic ( 1 ) : sti :
Add self registration .
Davide Pizzetti ( 2 ) : regedit : Italian translation update .
winhlp32 : Italian translation update .
Detlef Riekenberg ( 5 ) : ws2_32 : Use only the lower 16 bit as level when calling [ g|s ] etsockopt from 16 bit.
ws 2_32 : Set WSAEINVAL on invalid levels in set +getsockopt .
ws2_32/tests :
Add tests for getsockopt with invalid levels .
ws2_32/tests :
Add tests for setsockopt with invalid levels .
regedit : Do not write junk after the LastKey value .
Dylan Smith ( 7 ) : makedep : Handle non-overwriting rename for Windows .
winedbg : Prevent syntax errors for list command due to the lexer .
winedbg : Fixed listing source of function in file .
tools : Detect windows platform with _WIN32 instead of _WINDOWS .
taskmgr : Finish partial unicode conversion of process page .
winedbg : Extract address from expression for listing source at address .
winedbg : Resolve typedefs when checking for user defined type .
Eric Pouech ( 9 ) : configure : Check for large filesystems support .
winmm : Correctly check for the installed default ioProcs .
services : Correctly store the service 's PID upon startup .
Remove a couple of superfluous casts .
ole32 : Fix various missing Release calls on monikers .
kernel32 : Handle the case where wineconsole is n't properly started .
shell32 : In shell view , use the expected value for the effect in Drag & Drop operation .
msvcrt : Correctly handle the error cases in strtol and strtoul .
winedbg : Fix backend prototypes for PowerPC and Alpha .
Francois Gouget ( 21 ) : wrc : Add a '
' to a parser_warning ( ) call .
ntoskrnl.exe : Remove a space before a '
'. windowscodecs /tests :
Make some functions static .
riched20 : Make ME_SetCursorToEnd ( ) static .
mshtml : Remove the create_nsstream ( ) prototype .
jscript : Make Arguments_value ( ) static .
jscript :
Add a trailing '
' to a FIXME ( ) .
windowscodecs /tests :
Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
rpcrt4/tests :
Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
ddraw / tests :
Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
d3drm/tests :
Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
windowscodecs :
Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
d3d10 core /tests :
Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
rpcrt4 : Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
iphlpapi :
Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless structs or unions .
d3d10core : Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
wintrust / tests :
Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
d3dx9_36 : Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
ddrawex :
Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
dplayx / tests :
Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions .
iphlpapi/tests :
Fix compilation on systems that do n't support nameless unions or structs .
Ge van Geldorp ( 21 ) : netapi32/tests : Fix tests on Win7 .
shlwapi/tests : Prevent buffer overflow .
ntdll / tests : Fix info tests on Win7 .
ntdll / tests :
Add acceptable status codes for Win7 .
shlwapi/tests : Remove test that crashes on Win7 .
ntdll / tests : Pass properly aligned buffers .
crypt32/tests : Remove test that crashes on Win7 .
advapi32/tests : Add acceptable error codes for Win7 .
advapi32/tests : Fix tests on Win7 .
kernel32/tests : Remove test that crashes on Win7 .
user32/tests : Fix test failure on Win7 .
msi/tests : Create only a single restore point .
netapi32/tests : Add acceptable error codes for Win7 .
comctl32/tests : Adjust message sequences for Win7 ( monthcal ) .
comctl32/tests : Adjust message sequences for Win7 ( updown ) .
comdlg32/tests : Fix test on Win7 .
comctl32/tests : Adjust message sequences for Win7 ( trackbar ) .
kernel32/tests : Fix locale tests on Vista and higher .
shell32/tests : Fix tests on Vista +.
gdiplus/tests : Fix test on Win7 .
msvcrt/tests :
Add acceptable error codes for W2K8 +.
Hans Leidekker ( 5 ) : mscms :
Use correct standard color space constants in GetStandardColorSpaceProfileW.
mscms/tests :
Remove code that mixes up color space IDs and standard color space IDs .
msi : Set REINSTALL property when the product is already installed and the command line is empty .
msi : Add a partial implementation of MsiDetermineApplicablePatchesW. wininet : Destroy authorization info on failure in HTTP_DoAuthorization .
Henri Verbeet ( 40 ) : wined3d : Properly check if an attribute is used in loadVertexData ( ) .
wined3d : Properly check if an attribute is used in loadTexCoords ( ) .
wined3d : Properly check if an attribute is used in buffer_check_attribute ( ) .
wined3d : Properly check if an attribute is used in drawStridedSlowVs ( ) .
wined3d : Properly check if an attribute is used in state_colormat ( ) .
wined3d : Properly check if an attribute is used in drawStridedSlow ( ) .
wined3d : Properly check if an attribute is used in streamsrc ( ) .
wined3d : Properly check if an attribute is used in find_conversion_shift ( ) .
d3d8 : Remove stray tabs .
d3d8 : Use a wined3d cs for wined3d locking .
wined3d : Properly check if an attribute is used in transform_texture ( ) .
wined3d : Properly check if an attribute is used in state_normalize ( ) .
wined3d : Properly check if an attribute is used in remove_vbos ( ) .
d3d9 : Remove stray tabs .
d3d9 : Use the wined3d cs for wined3d locking .
wined3d : Properly check if an attribute is used in drawStridedInstanced ( ) .
wined3d : Get rid of a redundant memset ( ) in device_stream_info_from_declaration ( ) .
d3d10 : Add the ID3D10 EffectScalarVariable interface .
d3d10 : Add the ID3D10 EffectVectorVariable interface .
wined3d : Remove trailing spaces .
d3d10 : Add the ID3D10 EffectStringVariable interface .
d3d10 : Add the ID3D10 EffectShaderResourceVariable interface .
d3d10 : Add the ID3D10 EffectRenderTargetViewVariable interface .
d3d10 : Add the ID3D10 EffectDepthStencilViewVariable interface .
d3d9 : Remove trailing spaces .
d3d10 : Add the _D3D10 _EFFECT_SHADER_DESC
struct .
d3d10 : Add the D3D10 _NAME enum .
d3d10 : Add the D3D10 _REGISTER_COMPONENT_TYPE
enum .
dxdiag : Make the " cmdline " parameter const .
d3d8 : Remove trailing spaces .
d3d10 : Add the _D3D10 _SIGNATURE_PARAMETER_DESC
struct .
d3d10 : Add the ID3D10 EffectShaderVariable interface .
wined3d : Add support for ARB_depth_clamp .
wined3d : Only warn about using Lod sample functions in fragment shaders is ARB_shader_texture_lod is n't supported .
ddraw : Remove trailing spaces .
d3d10 : Add the ID3D10 EffectBlendVariable interface .
d3d10 : Add the ID3D10 EffectDepthStencilVariable interface .
wined3d : Release the GL lock on IWine D3DImpl_FillGLCaps ( ) error paths .
wined3d : Properly check for ARB program compile errors .
wined3d : Print a warning when an ARB program exceeds the native resource limits .
Hongbo Ni ( 1 ) : user32 : Fix DLL injection problem using LOAD_WITH_ALTERED_SEARCH_PATH .
Huw Davies ( 15 ) : msdaps : Implement IDBInitialize_Initialize proxy and stub .
msdaps : Implement IDBProperties_SetProperties proxy and stub .
msdaps : Implement IDBCreateSession_CreateSession proxy and stub .
msdaps : Implement ISessionProperties_SetProperties proxy and stub .
widl :
Add separate -- win32 - align and -- win64 - align options .
msdaps : Use 2 byte structure packing for win32 code .
msdaps : Implement ICreateRow_CreateRow proxy and stub .
msdaps : Implement IDBCreateCommand_CreateCommand proxy and stub .
msdaps : Implement IBindResource_Bind proxy and stub .
include : Add msdaguid.h. include : Add msdadc.idl .
msdaps : Implement IDBDataSourceAdmin_CreateDataSource proxy and stub .
oledb32 : Add a stub oledb32.dll.
oledb32 : Add a stub implementation of the conversion library class .
wine.inf : Register msdaps.dll .
Hwang YunSong ( 1 ) : winecfg : Updated Korean resource .
Ismael Barros ( 1 ) : dpwsockx : Stub implementation .
Jacek Caban ( 60 ) : urlmon : Fixed tests on IE older than 8 . mshtml : Wrap nsIHttpChannelInternal interface .
mshtml : Treat wyciwyg protocol as Gecko special protocol .
mshtml : Do n't return Gecko interfaces implementation from nsChannel : : QueryInterface .
shdocvw : Return succes in bind status callback functions .
wininet : Do n't free gzip_stream in HTTPREQ_CloseConnection .
urlmon : Call OnStopBinding before Terminate .
mshtml : Use URL moniker to load http documents .
msxml3 : Get rid of not used aggregation support in domelement .
mshtml : Get rid of handling post data in IPersistMoniker :: Load hack .
mshtml : Remove no longer used create_nsstream .
mshtml : Wrap nsIURL interface .
mshtml : Update wine_url in nsIURL :: SetQuery .
jscript : Fixed parsing regexps starting with ' = '. jscript :
Do n't require semicolon after function declaration .
jscript :
Throw an exception when evaluating invalid identifier instead of on lookup failure .
jscript : Return " undefined " type for invalid references .
jscript : Create undeclared values to script_disp instead of var_disp .
jscript : Added RegExp.lastIndex implementation .
jscript : Added RegExp.exec implementation .
jscript : Added RegExp.test implementation .
jscript : Use proper VARIANT_BOOL values in bool literals .
jscript : Create Array objects from proper constructor .
jscript :
Get script_ctx_t as to_object arguments .
jscript : Added ' instanceof ' keyword implementation .
jscript : Create arguments object as a seaprated class inheriting from Object .
jscript : Added Function.call implementation .
jscript : Added Function.apply implementation .
jscript : Make Array .push generic .
msxml3 : Moved IDispatchEx implementation from domdoc to xmlnode .
msxml3 : Use IXMLDOMSelection as a main queryresult interface .
msxml3 : Added more IDispatchEx tests .
shdocvw : Added IPropertyNotifySink stub implementation .
shdocvw : Move OnObjectAvailable implementation to dochost .c. mshtml : Always call OnStartRequest before OnStopRequest .
shdocvw : Use IPropertyNotifySink to track ready state and complete notification .
shdocvw : Added IWebBrowser2::get_ReadyState implementation .
mshtml : Fixed script tests on IE8 .
mshtml : Added support for DISPID_VALUE .
mshtml : Added DISPID_VALUE
implementation for HTMLLocation object .
mshtml : Added IOmNavigator :: toString implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLWindow2::toString implementation .
dispex.idl : Added SID declarations .
mshtml : Move ITypeInfo:: Invoke call to separated function .
mshtml : Moved dynamic_data allocation to separated function .
mshtml : Added function object implementation .
mshtml : Added function object tests .
mshtml : Properly release DispatchEx data .
jscript : Code clean up .
jscript : Code clean up .
jscript : Added String.lastIndexOf implementation .
jscript.idl : Added IActiveScriptDebug declaration .
mshtml : Fixed script tests on IE6 and IE7 .
jscript : Added to_primitive on hosting objects test .
jscript : Make Array.slice generic .
jscript : Added Array.unshift implementation .
mshtml : Fixed tests on IE8 .
mshtml : Added http loading test .
mshtml : Added IHTMLDocument :: writeln implementation .
mshtml : Added IOmNavigator :: get_userAgent implementation .
Jan de Mooij ( 1 ) : comctl32 / propsheet : Update position of hidden buttons too .
Jeff Zaroyko ( 1 ) : kernel32 : sLanguage is LOCALE_SABBREVLANGNAME .
Jesse Allen ( 1 ) : dinput : Add DISEQUENCE_COMPARE
macro .
Juan Lang ( 5 ) : comctl32 : Return the number of characters copied in WM_GETTEXT even if the buffer is too small .
crypt32 : Fix a test failure on Windows 7 . quartz :
Do n't crash if sample allocation fails .
include : Define IPPROTO_IPV6 .
ws2_32 : Add a fixme for IPPROTO_IPV6 .
Jörg Höhle ( 1 ) : wined3d : Delete meaningless UNIX GL driver version parsing .
Louis Lenders ( 3 ) : shdocvw.inf :
Add default registry key " HKCU \Software \Microsoft \Internet Explorer \Settings .
dbghelp : Add version resource .
psapi : Add version resource .
Michael Stefaniuc ( 16 ) : ntdll : Fix a memory leak on an error path ( Smatch ) .
winefile : Get rid of the #ifndef UNICODE code paths .
winefile : Do n't use _tsplitpath ( ) .
winefile : Use the explicit SendMessageW form .
winefile : Use the explicit W - form of the string functions .
winefile : Use the explicit W - form for the * Window * functions .
winefile : Use the explicit W - form of the Load * ( ) functions .
winefile : Use the explicit W - form for the file IO related functions .
winefile : Convert the rest of the functions to use the explicit W - form .
winefile : Replace TCHAR with WCHAR .
winefile : Replace the TSTR types with WSTR .
winefile : Use the explicit W - form for the rest of the types .
winefile : Compile with - DWINE_NO_UNICODE_MACROS .
d3d8 : Release the lock instead of locking a second time ( Smatch ) .
user32 : Remove a stray ' ;' that produces an empty if condition .
jscript : Check the correct variable for the error condition ( Smatch ) .
Mike Kaplinskiy ( 1 ) : ws2_32/tests : Fix failure on NT4 .
Nikolay Sivov ( 5 ) : comctl32/tests : Move message testing helpers to header .
comctl32 / listview : Call default handler for WM_PAINT disabled by WM_SETREDRAW .
comctl32/trackbar : Fix tic count calculation .
comctl32/ trackbar : Cache window style .
comctl32/ trackbar : Reduce parameter count for some helpers .
Paul Vriens ( 1 ) : user32/tests : Run tests again on Win95 .
Piotr Caban ( 5 ) : jscript : Fixed keywords handling .
jscript : Fixed Function method 's lengths .
jscript : Added String.substr implementation .
jscript : Throw ' Object expected ' error in call_expression_eval .
jscript : Added JSGlobal_unescape implementation . Riccardo Loti ( 1 ) : clock : Fix typo in the Italian translation .
Rico Schüller ( 7 ) : d3d10 : Identify some more unknowns in parse_fx10 .
d3d10 : Parse variable flag .
wined3d : Add WINED3D_SM4_OP_MAX .
wined3d : Add WINED3D_SM4_OP_MIN.
d3d10 : Add null objects for technique , pass , local_buffer and variable .
d3d10 : Add argument check in ID3D10 EffectTechnique :: GetDesc. d3d10 : Add argument check in ID3D10 EffectPass :: GetDesc. Roderick Colenbrander ( 4 ) : winex11 : Introduce a new function for looking up the physical color of a pixel for use with colormap generation - like functions .
winex11 : Prepare X11DRV_PALETTE_ToPhysical / _ToLogical for a new ColorShift structure .
winex11 : Use ColorShifts from physDev in X11DRV_PALETTE_ToPhysical .
winex11 : Use ColorShifts data in X11DRV_PALETTE_ToLogical .
Sergey Khodych ( 6 ) : user32 : edit : Use a dialog mode after receiving WM_GETDLGCODE message .
user32 : edit : Improve handling of WM_KEYDOWN VK_ESCAPE in a dialog mode .
user32 : edit : Improve handling of WM_KEYDOWN VK_TAB in a dialog mode .
user32 : edit : Improve handling of WM_KEYDOWN VK_RETURN in a dialog mode .
user32 : Use IDOK as default identifier in a template .
user32/tests : Fix a typo .
Stefan Dösinger ( 8 ) : wined3d : Initialize ps_arb_max_local_constants .
wined3d : Do n't use WINED3DADAPTER_DEFAULT
as refresh rate .
wined3d : Make it clear that glFlush and glFinish are WGL functions .
wined3d : Remove redundant TRACEs .
wined3d : Allow filtering on RECT textures .
wined3d : Add a comment about D3DSAMP_MAXMIPLEVEL .
wined3d : Handle per-texture max LOD level .
wined3d : SetLOD is ignored on D3DPOOL_DEFAULT textures .
Tony Wasserka ( 6 ) : windowscodecs : Add tests for IWICStream_InitializeFromMemory .
windowscodecs :
Add tests for IWICStream_Seek with memory streams .
windowscodecs :
Add tests for IWICStream_Read with memory streams .
windowscodecs :
Add tests for IWICStream_Write with memory streams .
windowscodecs :
Add tests for the unimplemented IWICStream methods when using memory streams .
windowscodecs :
Add tests for IWICStream_Stat with memory streams .
Vincent Povirk ( 50 ) : oleaut32 : Avoid copying the data when loading an image using WIC .
include : Add 8 - bit grayscale pixel format .
windowscodecs :
Add stub JPEG decoder .
windowscodecs : Implement Initialize for the JPEG decoder .
windowscodecs : Implement GetFrame for the JPEG decoder .
windowscodecs : Implement GetPixelFormat for the JPEG decoder .
windowscodecs : Implement GetSize for the JPEG decoder .
windowscodecs : Implement CopyPixels for the JPEG decoder .
windowscodecs : Print a FIXME when WICConvertBitmapSource fails .
windowscodecs : Support conversion of 8 bppGray to 32 bppBGRA .
windowscodecs : Fix rounding in BMP encoder .
oleaut32 : Make ITypeInfo2::GetCustData succeed when data is not found .
wininet : Allow +.- characters in url scheme .
include : Add WIC pixel formats needed for PNG .
windowscodecs :
Add stub PNG decoder .
windowscodecs : Register the PNG decoder .
windowscodecs : Implement GetContainerFormat for PNG decoder .
windowscodecs : Implement GetFrameCount for PNG decoder .
windowscodecs : Implement Initialize for the PNG decoder .
windowscodecs : Implement GetFrame for the PNG decoder .
windowscodecs : Implement GetPixelFormat for the PNG decoder .
windowscodecs : Implement GetSize for the PNG decoder .
windowscodecs : Implement CopyPixels for the PNG decoder .
windowscodecs : Implement CopyPalette for the PNG decoder .
windowscodecs : Support color - keyed transparency in PNG images .
windowscodecs : Implement conversion from BlackWhite to 32 bppBGRA .
windowscodecs : Implement conversion from 2 bppIndexed to 32 bppBGRA .
windowscodecs : Implement conversion from 2 bppGray to 32 bppBGRA .
windowscodecs : Implement conversion from 4 bppGray to 32 bppBGRA .
windowscodecs : Implement conversion from 16 bppGray to 32 bppBGRA .
windowscodecs : Implement conversion from 48 bppRGB to 32 bppBGRA .
windowscodecs : Implement conversion from 64bppRGBA to 32 bppBGRA .
gdiplus : Add test for GdipCreateHBITMAPFromBitmap.
gdiplus : Implement GdipCreateHBITMAPFromBitmap.
gdiplus : Add PNG to the decoders list .
gdiplus :
Use the decoder list to decide how to load image files .
gdiplus : Add and use an HBITMAP field in GpBitmap objects .
gdiplus : Do n't use IPicture to manage the HDC associated with a GpBitmap .
gdiplus : Create DIBs instead of IPictures in CreateBitmapFromScan0 .
gdiplus : Return the real image bits from LockBits when possible .
gdiplus : Use AlphaBlend for 32 - bit images with alpha channels .
gdiplus : Reimplement GdipCreateBitmapFromHICON based on RGBA bitmaps .
gdiplus : Use WIC to decode ICO files .
oleaut32 : Use WIC to decode JPEG images .
oleaut32 : Use WIC to decode PNG images .
gdiplus : Use WIC to encode images .
gdiplus : Use WIC to decode JPEG files .
gdiplus : Use WIC to decode GIF files .
oleaut32 : Handle LCID arguments in ITypeInfo:: Invoke .
oleaut32/tests :
Add test for tlibattr -> lcid.
Vladimir Pankratov ( 4 ) : shdoclc : Correct Russian translation .
shell32 : Handle NULL path .
setupapi : Add stub for SetupDiGetClassImageIndex .
urlmon : Handle NULL parameter .
-- Alexandre Julliard julliard@winehq.org
In May , 2008 , Robin Beaton , a retired registered nurse from Waxahachie , Texas , went to her dermatologist to be treated for acne .
He mistakenly wrote down something on her chart that made it appear that she might have a pre-cancerous skin condition .
Not a big deal , right ?
It should n’t have been , except that soon after that , she was diagnosed with something far more serious–invasive and agressive breast cancer .
Three days before she was scheduled for a double mastectomy , her insurance company , Blue Cross , called her and told her they were launching an investigation into the last five years of her health records .
It turned out that dermatologist ’s note had been a red flag , and the company was looking for a way to cancel her policy on the grounds that she had been hiding a serious medical condition .
What Robin went through after that was a nightmare , one she tearfully described Tuesday morning in front of the House Energy and Commerce Committee ’s oversight and investigations subcommittee .
“ The sad thing is , Blue Cross gladly took my high premiums , and the first time I filed a claim and was suspected of having cancer , they searched high and low for a reason to cancel me , ” said Robin , whose hair is just beginning to grow back in from chemotherapy .
The subcommittee took a look today at an immoral–and illegal–practice in which some health insurance companies engage .
It ’s called post - claims underwriting , and you should know about it .
Because you or someone you love could be a victim if they buy insurance on the individual insurance market .
Robin got her mastectomy , but only after her congressman , Joe Barton , leaned on the head of the company .
( This is constituent service , in the very best sense of why we elect these guys .
But the best thing they could do is to make sure it does n’t happen to anyone ’s constituent . )
There were other witnesses , too .
Like Peggy Raddatz , whose brother Otto Raddatz lost his insurance coverage right before he was scheduled to receive an expensive stem - cell transplant to treat his lymphoma .
Why ?
Because Fortis Insurance Company discovered that his doctor had found gall stones and an aneurysm on a CT scan–conditions that had nothing to do with his cancer , and that never bothered him , and that he was n’t even aware of .
And Jennifer Wittney Horton of Los Angeles , whose coverage was canceled because she had been taking a drug for irregular menstruation .
Now , she ca n’t get coverage anywhere else .
“ Since my recission , I have had to take jobs that I do not want , and put my career goals on hold to ensure that I can find health insurance , ” she told the subcommittee .
“ Fortunately , after my husband and I got married , I was able to gain coverage through his company ’s group health care plan .
However , if he ever loses his job , or I do n’t have employment with a company that offers group health insurance , I might have to go without insurance . ”
The insurance companies will argue that cases like these are rare , and that they have to be vigilant against fraud so that they can hold down costs for everyone else .
But an investigation by the subcommittee found widespread instances where the insurance companies rescind coverage even over discrepancies that are unintentional , unknown to the policyholder or immaterial to the more serious health conditions for which the policyholders are filing for benefits .
The three insurance companies called before the committee– Assurant ( full disclosure : this company ’s was part of a cover story I wrote for TIME about my brother ) , Golden Rule ( a UnitedHealth subsidiary ) , and WellPoint–were a case in point .
“ The three insurance companies downplay the significance of these practices , arguing that recissions are relatively rare , ” says Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Henry Waxman .
“ But these three companies saved more than $ 300 million over the past five years as a result of rescissions .
I am sure they view this amount as significant . ”
You can find a summary of the subcommittee report here .
Lisa Girion of my former employer , the Los Angeles Times , has done terrific work on this issue .
Here ’s what she reported today :
Software The Chaos Group Releases V - Ray Render for Maya
Chaos Group showed a complex scene with 800,000 polygons and multiple bounces of global illumination rendered with V - Ray on the GPU with 6 - 7 frames per second at VGA resolution
The Chaos Group team announced the official release of V - Ray for Maya .
The comprehensive set of features provided by V - Ray for Maya includes true 3D Motion Blur , Sun & Sky procedural lighting system , Physical camera for matching life footage , Environment Fog , a set of Sub - Surface Scattering shaders and many others .
V - Ray for Maya is supported on Windows , Mac OS X , and Red Hat Linux and Fedora operating systems in their 32 - bit and 64 - bit versions .
V - Ray runs with Autodesk Maya 2008 , 2009 and 2010 versions .
V - Ray for Maya now enables the rendering of larger scenes with greater complexity while at the same time artists can rely on a faster rendering stage without compromising on the quality side of their work .
Demonstration of GPU - based V - Ray
" Having used V - Ray in production for many years , and having been involved in large Maya centric pipelines , it was great to finally put the two together .
Now that V - Ray can work inside Maya in virtually the same way that it operates in 3ds Max , it allows for a more flexible pipeline that would allow for the same high quality output that you expect from V - Ray .
Being centered on a solid V - Ray Standalone pipeline allows you to use V - Ray within Maya , and have your whole renderfarm operate outside of Maya .
It also operates nicely within a Windows or Linux or Mac pipeline which allows for even greater flexibility regardless of the size of your project " says Christopher Nichols , VFX Supervisor .
Chaos Group showed a complex scene with 800,000 polygons and multiple bounces of global illumination rendered with V - Ray on the GPU with 6 - 7 frames per second at VGA resolution
The Chaos Group team announced the official release of V - Ray for Maya .
The comprehensive set of features provided by V - Ray for Maya includes true 3D Motion Blur , Sun & Sky procedural lighting system , Physical camera for matching life footage , Environment Fog , a set of Sub - Surface Scattering shaders and many others .
V - Ray for Maya is supported on Windows , Mac OS X , and Red Hat Linux and Fedora operating systems in their 32 - bit and 64 - bit versions .
V - Ray runs with Autodesk Maya 2008 , 2009 and 2010 versions .
V- Ray for Maya now enables the rendering of larger scenes with greater complexity while at the same time artists can rely on a faster rendering stage without compromising on the quality side of their work .
" Having used V - Ray in production for many years , and having been involved in large Maya centric pipelines , it was great to finally put the two together .
Now that V - Ray can work inside Maya in virtually the same way that it operates in 3ds Max , it allows for a more flexible pipeline that would allow for the same high quality output that you expect from V - Ray .
Being centered on a solid V - Ray Standalone pipeline allows you to use V - Ray within Maya , and have your whole renderfarm operate outside of Maya .
It also operates nicely within a Windows or Linux or Mac pipeline which allows for even greater flexibility regardless of the size of your project " says Christopher Nichols , VFX Supervisor .
Page : [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Views : 3,058 | : 3,058 | Refers : 0 | Prints : 160 | Rate : 0.00 / 0 Votes Posts : 0 ] Previous Articles Previous Articles Director from Film 9 Joins Gnomon Staff
August 18 , 2009 - 22:19
The Gnomon School of Visual Effects announced the addition of Shane Acker , who is joining the staff as the newest Resident Artist .
Mr. Acker is widely known for his Academy ... District 9 in Theaters
August 17 , 2009 - 13:30
This Movie opens with a documentary - style series of interviews that introduce the situation .
The movie takes place in 2010 .
Twenty years before , an alien ship is said to have ... Next Articles Final Fantasy XIII .
New Cinematics
August 28 , 2009 - 16:14
The plot focuses on the fal ' Cie , beings created from the crystals residing inside them .
The people marked by the fal ' Cie for a greater purpose are named the l'Cie .
But being ...
Editor 's note : this is a joint posting from : Mark Kortekaas ( BBC Audio & Music ) , Ian Myatt ( BBC Nations & Regions ) and Karl Kathuria ( BBC World Service )
At BBC Radio we try to deliver the best experience for users of our streaming services .
We constantly review our services to make sure they deliver ' public value ' .
The four drivers of public value are : Reach , Quality , Impact and Value .
When streaming services are evaluated against these measures , we take into account where different formats might need to be implemented , evolved or deprecated .
The streaming service provided in RealMedia format has been with us at the BBC since 1996 .
At the time it was the best option available , but more recently alternative methods of delivery have become just as important .
These include Windows Media and Flash .
When evaluating services with our public value tests , which includes the costs of the services , we came to the decision that RealMedia was something we needed to phase out .
The actions to phase out RealMedia are broken down as follows :
National networks - e.g. Radio 2 , Radio 6 Music , Asian Network , etc
Nations - e.g. BBC Radio Scotland , BBC Radio Wales , etc
Local Radio - e.g. BBC Cumbria , BBC Bristol , etc
WorldService - the English language streaming service in iPlayer only - international World Service streams are unaffected .
It was clear that we could easily plan for a migration period for National networks during which RealMedia and alternatives will be available and allow for our audience and third - parties to make changes in a reasonable period .
So we 'll be phasing out RealMedia by 30 March , 2010 for National networks .
In order to improve the experience in the BBC iPlayer web interface , we 'll change the lower bandwidth option from its current RealMedia offering to a new Flash offering at 48 kbps .
We hope for this to be completed in October .
The legacy RealMedia streams will continue to exist on our systems until the March deadline , so that it gives those who still use them time to migrate to using the alternative :
Windows Media for Live streams - available globally for these services
Windows Media for Listen Again streams - will phase in over the next few months and be available globally .
The technology used for Nations and Local Radio services is more restrictive and a more difficult decision had to be made .
A migration period would not have been possible without a significant increase in equipment which could not be justified .
We had to make the unfortunate decision to switch off RealMedia as we simply could not offer both RealMedia and Windows Media at the same time .
In addition to the disruption caused to the Listen Live services , an unforeseen dependency means that the Listen Again service in Windows Media wo n't be operational until November .
Due to differences in production , World Service live and on - demand streams will continue to be available in Flash , RealMedia and Windows Media formats .
However , if you access our content through BBC iPlayer it will only be available in Flash .
Links to RealMedia and Windows Media versions of our programmes will be available from bbcworldservice.com .
Mark Kortekaas is Future Media Controller , A&M and Mobile Media
Coffee drinkers , rejoice !
The heavenly brew , once deemed harmful to health , is turning out to be , if not quite a health food , at least a low - risk drink , and in many ways a beneficial one .
It could protect against diabetes , liver cancer , cirrhosis and Parkinson ’s disease .
What happened ?
Lots of new research , and the recognition that older , negative studies often failed to tease apart the effects of coffee and those of smoking because so many coffee drinkers were also smokers .
“ Coffee was seen as very unhealthy , ” said Rob van Dam , a coffee researcher and epidemiologist at the Harvard School of Public Health .
“ Now we have a more balanced view .
We ’re not telling people to drink it for health .
But it is a good beverage choice . ”
As you digest the news on coffee , keep in mind that coffee and caffeine are not the same thing .
In fact , “ they are vastly different , ” said coffee researcher Terry Graham , chairman of Human Health and Nutritional Sciences at the University of Guelph in Ontario , Canada .
One can be good for you ; the other , less so .
Advertisement
“ Coffee is a complex beverage with hundreds , if not thousands , of bioactive ingredients , ” he said .
“ A cup of coffee is 2 % caffeine , 98 % other stuff . ”
Before we rhapsodize further , a few caveats :
Caffeine -- whether in coffee , tea , soft drinks or pills -- can make you jittery and anxious and , in some people , can trigger insomnia .
Data are mixed on whether pregnant women who consume caffeine are more likely to miscarry .
In general , 200 milligrams a day -- the amount in one normal - sized cup of coffee -- is believed safe for pregnant women , said Van Dam .
For people with hard - to - control hypertension , a sudden , big dose of caffeine may boost blood pressure because caffeine constricts blood vessels .
But decaf is fine in that respect .
And even caffeinated coffee does n’t increase blood pressure much once you drink it for a week or so , said Van Dam .
In fact , the caffeine in coffee seems to have less of an effect on blood pressure than the caffeine in colas because there are so many other substances in coffee that have the opposite effect physiologically from caffeine .
Advertisement
One final caveat :
The new research heralding coffee ’s health benefits is not perfect .
Most of the studies are observational ; that is , they followed people over time and correlated health outcomes with coffee drinking -- based on people ’s recollections of how much coffee they consumed .
The studies do n’t prove that coffee was the cause of improved health outcomes .
Still , the sheer volume of the research , and the fact that the conclusions line up so neatly , make it reasonably credible , researchers say .
Diabetes :
Twenty studies worldwide show that coffee , both regular and decaf , lowers the risk for Type 2 diabetes , in some studies by as much as 50 % .
Researchers say that is probably because chlorogenic acid , one of the many ingredients in coffee , slows uptake of glucose ( sugar ) from the intestines .
( Excess sugar in the blood is a hallmark of diabetes . )
Chlorogenic acid may also stimulate GLP - 1 , a chemical that boosts insulin , the hormone that escorts sugar from the blood into cells .
Yet another ingredient , trigonelline , a precursor to vitamin B3 , may help slow glucose absorption .
Heart disease and stroke : Recent studies suggest that frequent coffee consumption does not increase the risk of either condition .
In fact , coffee might -- repeat , might -- slightly reduce the risk of stroke .
A study published in March in the journal Circulation looked at data on more than 83,000 women older than 24 .
It showed that those who drank two to three cups of coffee a day had a 19 % lower risk of stroke than those who drank almost none .
A Finnish study found similar results for men .
For cardiovascular diseases other than stroke , there does n’t appear to be a preventive benefit from drinking coffee , but there is also no clearly documented harm ; the studies looked at the effect of drinking up to six cups of regular coffee a day .
Advertisement
Cancer : Coffee research has come up empty here -- with one big exception : liver cancer .
Research consistently shows a drop in liver cancer risk with coffee consumption , and there is some , albeit weaker , evidence that it may lower colon cancer risk as well .
Cirrhosis : Coffee seems to protect the liver against cirrhosis , especially that caused by alcoholism .
It ’s not clear , either for cancer or cirrhosis , whether it ’s coffee or caffeine that may be protective .
Parkinson ’s disease :
With this progressive , neurological illness , it ’s the caffeine , not coffee , that carries the benefit .
No one knows for sure why caffeine protects .
Several studies show that coffee drinkers , men especially , appear to have half the risk of Parkinson ’s compared with nondrinkers .
Women also get a benefit , but only those who do not use post - menopausal hormones , said Dr. Alberto Ascherio , a professor of epidemiology and nutrition at the Harvard School of Public Health .
All it takes for a measurable reduction in Parkinson ’s risk , he said , is about 150 milligrams a day , the amount in an average cup of coffee .
Athletic performance :
It ’s clear that caffeine , not coffee per se , delivers the big boost here , said Graham , the researcher from Ontario .
In fact , caffeine was once deemed a controlled substance by the International Olympic Committee .
Caffeine is a powerful “ ergogenic agent , ” meaning it promotes the ability of muscles to work .
Studies show that caffeine boosts performance in both very short and very long athletic events , said Graham .
It used to be thought that caffeine worked by stimulating the release of sugar ( glycogen ) in muscles , but recent research suggests it helps muscles release calcium , allowing muscles to contract with more force .
It takes only a medium cup of regular coffee for a 130 - pound athlete to see a measurable improvement in performance , Graham added .
Advertisement
One last bit of coffee advice : Beware of unfiltered coffee -- the kind that is popular in Scandinavia and is made in French presses .
Filtered coffee , which most Americans drink , is much better because the paper filters catch a substance called cafestol , which boosts “ bad ” cholesterol ( LDL ) .
Filtered coffee has no effect on either good or bad cholesterol .
If , despite all this good news , you still worry you ’re drinking too much coffee , then cut back or quit .
But do n’t go cold turkey .
Abrupt caffeine withdrawal can trigger headaches , noted Dr. Alan Leviton , a neurologist at Harvard Medical School who consults for the National Coffee Assn. , an industry group .
So , taper off instead .
On the other hand , if reading this makes you want an extra cup , go for it .
And enjoy it -- guilt free .
--
Advertisement
judyforeman@myhealthsense.com
Everything iThing does n’t do , Droid does !
That is the promotional key used by Verizon since a while to keep their customers excited .
The iPhone will soon see a challenge , with the launch of the Motorola Droid , and Verizon is all set to market the phone with a series of anti-iPhone attack ads titled Droid does !
The first ad rolled out recently , directly picking on the iPhone ‘s most commonly - cited shortcomings : non-replaceable battery , lack of flash in camera , lack of a physical keyboard etc .
The counter on the DroidDoes site appears to count down to October 30th , near the holiday season .
Specifications : The Motorola Droid features a 5 - megapixel camera ( with a flash ) , runs Google Android 2.0 , supports multi-tasking , includes both a physical keyboard and touch screen .
The marketing campaign hits Apple at its core .
Here are they points to notice about droid :
Operating System ( OS ) : New Android 2.0 : New Android 2.0
Design :
With just slightly thicker than an iPhone 3GS , it has the thinnest QWERTY - slider keyboard .
dimensions are 60.00 x 115.80 x 13.70 mm which makes it handy with decent 169g weight .
Processor : Runs on TI OMAP3430 processor , which is actually pretty fast at 550 Mhz - A8 . : Runs on TI OMAP3430 processor , which is actually pretty fast at ARM Cortex - A8 .
Camera : Features 5 Megapixel stills ( with neon Flash ) and VGA : Features 5 Megapixel stills ( with neon Flash ) and VGA video recording ( 640×480 )
Display : Great capacitive display , among the best we`ve seen on android .
It measures 3.7 inch with 854×480 resolution .
Battery : Features a decent Li-ion 1400 mAh , 450 hours standby and talk time of 420 minutes
Keyboard : The QWERTY :
The QWERTY keyboard is actually pretty easy to use and handy having soft - touch rubber - synthetic .
State of the Art : Just like :
Just like HTC came with a revolution for HTC Hero with sense UI , Droid brings best of Android 2.0 .
From what we know Google had a direct hands behind Motorola Droid .
Supported Formats : Supports WM formats which iPhone does n’t .
All in all : MPEG - 4 , H263 , H264 , WMV ; AMR-NB /WB , MP3 , PCM / WAV , AAC , AAC + , eAAC + , WMA
A cradle charger will ship with the Motorola Droid that turns your Droid into a multimedia station and displays local weather , the time , etc .
Yes , it will be better than Motorola Cliq , do n’t even dare to compare them .
A great Google Android device on Verizon ‘s top network could make a hit on the iPhone ?
We will have to wait and see .
Previously , similar claims with Blackberry Storm had no match for the iPhone .
Though , what makes sense is the superior hardware capabilities of the Motorola Droid .
Hands - on Pics :
Overall Impressions
Google Nagivation is an incredible addition to the Android family and looks great .
The hardware is quite nice .
The keyboard is spacious and easy to use .
There are none of the widgets that MotoBlur featured prominently including the Twitter widget that threatened to crash the phone .
The phone is very polished but the base of installed applications seems very sparse .
It has the best start - up sound in the whole world 😉
Subscribe to Twitter updates , or RSS , join Facebook fanpage for more Tech updates .
Subscribe to Twitter updates , or RSS , join Facebook fanpage for more Tech updates .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Usenet : Everyone 's heard of it , nobody uses it .
This is ridiculous .
Not only is it a fantastic way to download — it 's not that hard to use .
Here 's how to drop your torrent habit once and for all , with Usenet .
Advertisement
This point of this guide is to get people acquainted with the basics of Usenet , but if any of you beardy old - timers have any tips , tricks , advice or tearful memories to share about your decades on the ' Net , that party 's in the comments .
Anyway !
Advertisement
What is Usenet ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I 'll spare you a deep historical and technical explanation , because it'd bore you to death , and I 'm not the guy to give it : Usenet has been around since the late 70s as one of the bulletin board systems that the first generation of true nerds cut their teeth on .
It was designed for discussion , and lived across tons of decentralized servers .
For most purposes it 's been replaced by the internet as we know it today , but it 's still very much alive , albeit with a different face .
You see , somewhere back in the 80s , someone started uploading binary content — files , not words — to Usenet .
This was , and in some ways still is , an awkward fit , but it quickly became one of the main uses for the service .
Why ?
Because nobody seemed to care much about regulating it — they still do n't , for whatever reason — and because , man , it was fast .
These factors made it a perfect refuge for for files of all types , and now the pure amount of stuff available on Usenet rivals — and in a lot of categories , exceeds — the best torrent trackers , which are getting picked off anyway .
Advertisement
5 Pirate Bay BitTorrent Alternatives
The Pirate Bay we know and love , though still harboring torrents for now , is going away .
But that …
Read more
Why Do You Want It ?
This one 's easy : Aside from serving a huge amount of content , Usenet is usually the first place popular downloads show up , and unlike torrents , once they 're up , the downloads immediately run at full speed .
Speaking of which , it bears repeating : Usenet is extremely fast .
Unless your service is absolute crap , you 're probably going to max out your broadband connection .
Once you 've tasted this kind of speed , torrents almost seem silly .
And lastly , you do n't have to seed , or upload , anything .
Advertisement
For download junkies , Usenet is a wonderland .
But it 's got a longstanding reputation for being a little tough to get into , so most people do n't even give it a shot .
This is n't really fair , since Usenet is n't at all hard to use .
Here 's how to get started :
Choosing a Usenet Service
Advertisement
There was a time when ISPs were n't just cool with Usenet binaries — they actually hosted them .
Some still do , but in those rare cases there are usually crippling bandwidth restrictions , throttling measures and all kind of missing content .
To mine the Usenet gold you really care about — the alt . binaries content — you 're going to need to buy access .
Sorry !
Usenet is n't a peer - to - peer service , so you 've got to pay someone , somewhere for all that bandwidth and storage .
The good news is , you can get away with spending about $ 15 a month for unlimited , unthrottled access .
If you 're not comfortable with this , get your feet wet with a free trial , like GigaNews ' , or just buy a one - off download pass , good for a few gigabytes .
There are a couple things to look for in a Usenet provider , but most major , reputable services are roughly comparable .
Retention is a word you 'll see a lot : Usenet servers , given the pure volume of content they get loaded with , have to clear themselves out every once in a while , meaning that files have a limited lifespan .
Retention is just a term to describe how long a provider can afford to keep uploads , and the longer they can hold onto uploads , the more files they have .
You should n't settle for much less that 300 - day retention nowadays .
Advertisement
Providers also advertise how many parallel connections to their servers they permit at one time .
More=faster , but past about ten concurrent downloads , the numbers really stop meaning anything , unless you 're on some kind of insanely fast commercial connection , in which case WHAT ARE YOU DOING DOWNLOADING FILEZ , HMM ?
Lastly , there are download limits .
This should be more obvious , but just just in case :
This represents how much you can download from your provider in a given month .
This one 's all you , so if you really do n't think you 'll break 10 GB a month , only buy 10 GB a month .
Once you really start to kick your torrent habit , though , you might be surprised at what you 're capable of .
Advertisement
I 've been using Astraweb for years — they 're cheap , and fast enough to saturate my connection — so the rest of the tutorial will assume you 've chosen them .
If you 've gone with another provider , the only difference will be your server settings , which they 'll give you after you sign up .
Remember : Usenet servers are all meshed together , so no matter who your provider is , the available downloads should be about the same , at least for as long as your provider keeps them around .
Choosing a Client
Advertisement
As with torrents , there 's some pretty weird stuff going on behind the scenes with Usenet .
As I mentioned earlier , adding binary files to Usenet was kind of an afterthought , which means the procedure for downloading them kind of complicated , at least on the back end .
For example : Usenet binaries have relatively low size limits , so any larger content — movies , software , etc—needs to be split up into lots of small pieces .
You know how sometimes a torrent comes in about about 40 .
RAR files that have to be rejoined once they 're downloaded ?
That 's because it came from Usenet , where files can't be much more than 20 MB .
So , your client 's got to be able to handle all these group downloads , and preferably join them together for you automatically .
There a plenty of Usenet clients out there , but most of them are either do n't support the kind of file downloading we want — your email app probably falls into this category — are command - line - based , or cost money .
I 'm done spending your dollars for today , so I 'll point everyone toward the only free , cross-platform Usenet binary client I know of , and one I 've been using for quite a long time :
It 's called SABnzbd .
The rest of the guide will be based around this app , though you can try to follow along with some other free alternatives if you like .
Mac OSers may want to try Hellanzb ( GUI version linked ) and Windows folks could go with Alt.binz .
But SABnzbd is , to put it bluntly , pretty great .
Advertisement
SABnzbd runs a local web interface , so it 'll look the same no matter what OS you 're on .
Here 's how to get started .
1. ) Download and install the client ( For Windows , it 's an installer like any other app ; for Mac OS , it 's a .
DMG )
2. ) Start it up .
It should open a browser window to a control panel - esque page , clearly label as SABnzbd .
3. ) Navigate to the " Config " Page and click " Servers "
Advertisement
4. ) Enter the server settings your Usenet provider gave you after signup ( Astraweb 's at left )
5. ) Staying in the " Config " page , click " Folders "
Advertisement
6. ) Choose where you want downloaded files to go , and where you want the temporary files to live before they 're finished downloading .
7. ) Choose a " Watched " folder .
This how SABnzbd will know what you want it to download .
Make it a place that 's easy for you to save to , from a browser .
Advertisement
That 's it !
Now just leave SABnzbd running , and we 'll start to explore Usenet .
Feel free to play around with more of SABnzbd 's options , like the themes , one of which is featured on this article 's top image , but follow this general rule : if it 's not totally obvious to you what an option changes , you should probably ignore it .
The only thing you might have to worry about outwith this setup procedure is enabling an SSL connection , if your ISP is throttling your download speeds .
More on that here .
Finding Those Files
Advertisement
Now that you 've got access to Usenet , and the right tools to draw those sweet , sweet files from it , it 's time to dive in .
Since Usenet in the raw is an incomprehensible mess , something has emerged called the Newzbin , or NZB standard .
NZBs are a lot like torrent files :
They 're little pointers that contain information about all the little scattered pieces of a given download , and which give clients like SABnzbd everything they need to make downloading look seamless to users .
To " explore Usenet " is really to explore indexes of NZBs , and to do that , you need a good search engine .
The best is at Newzbin , from the people who invented the NZB format .
Unfortunately , it too is paid , and currently invite - only .
Instead , you should use one of the decent free alternatives , like NZBs.org , Binsearch or Newszleech .
Searching takes some practice , but once you get a sense of how people name stuff ' round these parts , it 's a breeze .
Once you find your NZB , download it to the directory you marked " Watch " in SABnzbd .
Alternately , you can just download it to wherever you want , and add it to SABnzbd at the program 's homepage , under " Add File " .
Now check on your SABnzbd queue , where you should see something like this :
Advertisement
It 's working !
And yes , it 's really going that fast .
If it 's not downloading , you may need to check your server settings : Sometimes ISPs block the default port , 119 , meaning you 'll have to use another one that your provider supports .
8080 is a common one , as is 1818 .
Refer back to step four for this ; changing it should only take a second .
Advertisement
SABnzbd takes care of all that nasty .
RAR rejoining and extracting for you , so once the download is done , your designated download folder should have a fully - cooked , ready - to - watch / listen / run file waiting for you .
Bask in it .
So , that 's Usenet !
Odd and Ends
As you 've probably guessed by now , there are a lot of ways to make SABnzbd more powerful .
For that , have a look at this fantastic thread on Something Awful by one of the app's developers , and the SABnzbd wiki , which answers just about any support question you might have .
Advertisement
Also , there 's a big subject we did n't even address here today , which is how you actually add stuff to Usenet .
The process can be a little involved , and hey , you 're brand new to the world of Usenet — let the rest of us worry about uploading for now .
That said , when you 're finally ready , here 's a primer .
Share Files on Usenet Wired 's How To wiki takes on Usenet , the old school network of newsgroups rich with download gold …
Read more
Advertisement
A New Zealand man who cooked his pet dog in a backyard pit cannot be prosecuted , because it was killed humanely .
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals says inspectors arrived at the South Auckland home to find the pitbull terrier - cross skinned , gutted , and partially charred .
The puzzled owner , Paea Taufa , says dog is a delicacy in Tonga and he had knocked it unconscious with a blow to the head before slitting its throat .
The SPCA says cultural differences aside , it is unacceptable .
But killing a dog is not illegal in New Zealand if the animal is slaughtered swiftly and painlessly .
- AAP
By Patrick B. Craine
NEW YORK , New York , October 14 , 2009 ( LifeSiteNews.com ) - Vatican U.N. representative Archbishop Celestino Migliore submitted a letter yesterday to the President of the 64th General Assembly , calling on the U.N. to drop its population control agenda and recognize the right to life of the unborn child .
The letter was sent in conjunction with the U.N. 's commemoration of the fifteenth anniversary of the International Conference on Population and Development ( ICPD ) in Cairo .
When the member states met in Cairo in 1994 , the Archbishop says , " many of them were under the impression that a population explosion was going to occur and hamper the ability to achieve adequate global economic development . "
" Now fifteen years later , we see that this perception was unfounded . "
Instead , many developed countries now face demographic decline , even to the point where some countries are advocating higher birth rates for the sake of the economy .
Further , says the archbishop , " in many parts of the developing world , development has been occurring at previously unachieved rates and the greatest threat to development results not from a population explosion but from irresponsible world and local economic management . "
" For nearly a century , attempts have been made to link global population with the food , energy , natural resources and environmental crises , " he goes on .
" Yet , on the contrary , it has been consistently demonstrated by human ingenuity and the ability of people to work together that human persons are the world 's greatest resource . "
The archbishop also condemned the interpretations of the ICPD goals regarding maternal health that result in the promotion of abortion and birth control .
" Too often in addressing the role of the ICPD on maternal health , attempts are made to promote a notion of sexual and reproductive health which is detrimental to unborn human life and the integral needs of women and men within society , " he says .
" Efforts to address maternal mortality , obstetric fistula , child mortality , prenatal and antenatal care , sexually transmitted diseases and other health matters , " he continues , " are hampered by sanitary policies which fail to take into account the right to life of the unborn child and promote birth control as a development policy and disguised health service . "
Referring to a stipulation made at the Cairo conference that stated , " no UN agency can be allowed to promote abortion , " the archbishop observes that " suggesting that reproductive health includes a right to abortion explicitly violates the language of the ICPD , defies moral and legal standards within local communities and divides efforts to address the real needs of mothers and children . "
In 2006 , Archbishop Migliore , in an address before the 39th session of the Commission on Population and Development , condemned the " dire predictions " regarding population that " led to radical population policies . "
For development " to be both sustainable and sane , " he said , " such flawed policies will have to be replaced by truly people - centred ones . "
On Monday , the head of the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organisation , Dr. Jacques Diouf , criticized the highly - influential overpopulation theory of Thomas Malthus before the Synod of African Bishops in Rome .
Malthus predicted that a growing population would inevitably result in food shortages , but according to Dr. Diouf , he " had no consideration for science and technology . "
( Read the complete letter from Archbishop Migliore here . )
See related LifeSiteNews.com coverage :
UN Food Chief Disputes Malthusian Overpopulation Theory at African Synod
http://www.lifesitenews.com/ldn/2009/oct/09101311.html
Vatican to UN : Be " Sane " and Get out of the Population Control Business
http://www.lifesitenews.com/ldn/2006/apr/06040601.html
Interview by Nathan Grayson .
When we say “ ultimate , ” we do n’t mean he ’s going to die next week .
No sir .
Todd Hollenshead , id Software ’s inimitable CEO , is very much alive .
We know , because Nathan got to quiz him on DOOM 4 , RAGE , next gen consoles and so much more at QuakeCon earlier this month .
No stones were left unturned .
Todd bore all .
Hit the link if you do n’t believe us .
VG247 : RAGE is a post apocalyptic open - world title .
So are games like Borderlands and Fallout 3 .
What would you say separates your take on the sub - genre from others ?
Todd : Hollenshead : I would n’t really call it open - world , because I think that has sort of a different connotation than the gameplay experience we ’re going for , which we like to think of as open - but - directed .
So it ’s not like “ do whatever you want at all times . ”
We try to give people a little more direction in terms of what ’s going on in the game .
There ’s story , there ’s characters we like to introduce .
There are certain elements of progression in the game .
I mean , people will have the freedom to get themselves into more trouble than they can handle before they ’re ready for it , so that ’s kinda the open aspect of it .
The way RAGE works is that we want to create experiences for the player that we think are cool and fun ; we want to make sure the player is directed to do those sorts of things , as opposed to games where you may miss a big part of the game because you did n’t realize you had to take a certain path .
Some games are designed where the whole open aspect of it is sort the core game design principle .
And that ’s why I say it ’s different with RAGE .
We do allow the player tons of freedom ; you ’re not on a rail going through the world .
You can do things in different orders , and there ’s stuff you can do in - between .
But we try to make sure that you see and experience the stuff that is really cool .
So , what would you say to the people who compare RAGE to Borderlands or Fallout ?
Subscribe to the VG247 newsletter
Get all the best bits of VG247 delivered to your inbox every Friday !
Enable JavaScript to sign up to our newsletter
Todd : Hollenshead :
Well , I have n’t seen Borderlands .
I mean , I ’ve only seen screenshots of it .
I have n’t played it .
I do n’t know what they ’re using as a basis of comparison .
I do n’t have one , but – from what I ’ve seen — my take on it is that they ’re probably quite different games .
But that ’s just a guess .
Fallout ’s an interesting comparison .
I think there is sort of the post - apocalyptic thing , but there are tons of different ways in which that can be explored .
You know , Mad Max was in many ways post - apocalyptic and it had cars and stuff like that .
So when I describe [ RAGE ] to someone who has never seen an image of it or something like that , I ’d say it ’s like a videogame - meets - Mad Max , because in many ways , cities cobbled together and stuff like that establishes more of an image in the mind of somebody your describing it to .
Whereas Fallout is really a true RPG , and RAGE has some elements that are similar to that in terms of the items you can find and the interesting things you can do with them , and schematics to make things – that sort of stuff .
But RAGE really is an action game at its core .
There are some driving and racing elements in it .
There are some story elements that maybe get just on the fringe of the role - playing aspect of it , but at its core it really is a new way of doing the things we ’ve always done and done best – I think – for a long time .
You could n’t show DOOM 4 this year , obviously .
Any specific reason for that ?
Todd : Hollenshead :
We just never had anything prepared to show for it .
It was n’t like we were going to , and then decided not to .
It ’s just that the idea is that we want game development to get far along enough that we have something that we feel is representative of a game that we ’re going to make and what the final game is going to be .
I can say a lot of things about what the game is intended to be like , but if I say those things without a picture or an image – something to back up that this is what it is – then if there are one hundred people in the room , they ’re all going to have one hundred different mental pictures above their heads .
So that ’s really the reason we ’re not talking about it .
We want to have something that says , “ This is what the game is about and this is what the game is , and here you can see it for yourself . ”
And we ’re just not to that point yet .
So basically , you ’re not pulling a Peter Molyneux .
Todd : Hollenshead : [ Laughs ] .
I ’d say we ’re taking the id approach , which is that we really work to a quality standard , and when the game is fleshed out enough and has the elements that we think demonstrate what the game is about , then we ’ll talk about it , and then we ’ll show it .
Plus , we have a lot of stuff to talk about that ’s coming well before the Doom stuff .
And it probably makes more sense to talk about it at QuakeCon next year , given that we ’ve got Wolfenstein and RAGE .
So I think Doom sort of deserves its own spotlight .
John Carmack has – on a few occasions – mentioned the game id was working on before you decided to scrap it and give RAGE your full attention .
It was titled “ Darkness . ”
Why did you cancel that in favor of RAGE ?
Todd : Hollenshead :
Well , there are a couple of things here .
First of all , when John started up the [ id Tech 5 ] technology , he kind of had an original direction in his mind about what the technology was going to be like .
And we had some ideas about what a good game that ’d work with that tech might be like .
But some of the technical stuff actually changed , so the game design did n’t quite fit as well as we thought it would originally .
We really did n’t expect the ability to have the massive texturing and the outdoor environments ; the game was n’t designed or conceived to take advantage of that .
So we were like , “ Not taking advantage of this technology would be a shame . ”
But the other factor was that because of the way the business is run – the way game development progresses at id – in such a way that if we like something and it ’s going well , we ’ll continue to do it .
And if we have other good ideas , we ’ll implement them , and if there are ideas we do n’t like , we ’ll scrap them and replace them with something else or just pull them out of it entirely .
With [ Darkness ] , we were n’t satisfied with where the game ultimately was .
You know , we thought it would be good , but we were n’t convinced that it was going to be great .
And so we thought about different stuff we could do – stuff that fit better with the technology , that was more exciting for us , that we thought would make a better game .
Carmack also mentioned that he was disappointed that id is n’t developing anything for the Wii .
Obviously , that ’s because you guys are on the bleeding - edge technology - wise , and the Wii ’s not .
So what about Microsoft ’s Project Natal and Sony ’s upcoming motion doohickey ?
Is id looking into those at the moment ?
Todd : Hollenshead :
As far as I know , the answer ’s “ no . ” I have n’t seen anything come into the office , but honestly that ’s more at the John [ Carmack ] and Robert [ Altman ] level .
That is , whether or not they ’ve been talking with Microsoft or Sony guys .
I ’m not aware if they have or they have n’t .
I mean , it ’d probably surprise me if John has n’t had some discussions with them , but I do n’t think we have any sort of serious internal development effort going towards exploiting those [ motion controllers ] .
Right now , we ’re focused on getting Quake Live to final , finishing the development of RAGE , and then getting Doom to a point where we ’re ready to show it off .
Back to RAGE – will there be any sort of demo or open beta before the game releases ?
Todd : Hollenshead : I doubt there will be an open beta .
The demo question is hard to answer , because I do n’t know what the development cycle will be like .
We do n’t have anything against demos or tests ; we typically do that – probably – to a greater extent than almost anybody else in the industry , so my guess would be that we will have something , but that ’s far from set in stone .
I mean , there could be different things on different platforms .
There could be something that ’s more along the lines of a PC demo or maybe a Mac demo that comes out from a test perspective .
But really , at this point , that ’s speculation .
RAGE has been declared a multi-platform title , which is a major break from id ’s PC - centric past .
Do you think there ’s a place for PC exclusives if your name is n’t Blizzard or Valve ?
Todd : Hollenshead : I certainly hope there ’s a place for PC - only games , because if there ’s not , then Quake Live is not moving to survive and be successful .
Speaking of Quake Live , John Carmack announced that the game ’s next big upgrade will be the addition of a premium subscription option .
In general , do you think there ’s a future for games that are purely ad - supported and free - to - play , or do you think subscription models and / or microtransactions are required ?
Todd : Hollenshead : I think the jury is out on that , to be honest .
In my opinion , Quake Live is a litmus test , because it ’s a quality game ; I love it – I know the perception of it in public is that it ’s an excellent game .
We do n’t like the idea of putting in microtransactions that impact gameplay balance .
Because that is antithetical to what Quake Live is about , which is that it ’s a [ skill - based ] game .
We do n’t like to have an “ I ’m willing to spend the most money , therefore I win ” kind of thing that ’ll get me the best weapon and that ’ll get me an advantage that ’s unfair .
We want the Quake 3 kind of thing where it ’s the player with the most skill that wins the match .
Really though , since we first started talking about the game , but especially recently , [ pertaining to ] the premium level of services that we ’re talking about , the subscription is n’t really a subscription to get aspects of the core game that you would n’t otherwise get for free .
It ’s more to get things that are service or feature - oriented .
The specific thing is server rental and being able to start playing whatever map you want to and kick whoever you want to off the server or whatever .
But those things are n’t gonna count for leaderboards or stats or things like that .
That ’s just like planned server rentals or tournament server rentals – those sorts of things .
And , because of the way we have the infrastructure set up , those sorts of things can be dynamically brought up and taken offline .
It ’s actually more efficient for us to do that in the way we have Quake Live running than it is for people to go to the server rental farms and pay $ 20 a month – or I heard that some of them are as much as $ 30 or $ 50 per month depending on where you are .
So we think we can do that far more cost effectively , and actually add a higher level of service because it ’s completely dynamic .
It ’s an incremental cost for us that we ’ve got to charge for , but we think we can deliver value there that exceeds what people are required to pay .
id was recently purchased by Zenimax , an event that many called “ the end of an era . ”
With developers like id , Blizzard , and BioWare hooking up with major publishers , it sort of seems like the days of triple - A independent development are at an end .
Would you say that ’s a fair assessment ?
Do you think independent development ’s all about smaller , more financially feasible games now ?
Todd : Hollenshead :
The problem with independent game development – at least from our perspective – is that you have a few issues .
For one , you have consolidation within publishers , so you have a narrower and narrower choice of publishers with which to publish .
And in our specific case , most of the publishers that were out there all had titles or teams that were internal that were in sort of our competitive area of shooters .
So that created a natural conflict , especially when they were slated to come out in similar time windows .
That was becoming a larger and larger concern for us .
Also , the declining number of companies that we could work with – just because of companies going out of business or being bought , acquired , merged , etc. – was becoming a concern as well .
For us , we know game development , but we ’re not publishing experts .
That ’s why we partner with publishers to do it as opposed to self - publishing our stuff .
So from our point of view with the merger , yes id was acquired , but id also acquired a publisher that has top - notch capabilities , that has been recently proven through what they ’ve done with Fallout 3 .
We think that the combination of the two companies was an amazingly perfect fit with almost no overlap , with guys that we liked !
I mean , Todd Howard is – and I do n’t use this loosely – one of the most brilliant minds in the videogame business , and we have a ton of respect for those guys .
And Todd can bring out his “ Charter Member of the id Fan Club ” card and show it to you with authority , so Zenimax had a ton of respect for us .
So for us , it made a lot of sense .
Now , not everyone is going to be in a similar situation to that .
So I would n’t that every independent developer needs to be acquired by a publisher or something like that , because everybody ’s situation is a little bit different .
But , you know , ten years ago , you sold one million copies of a game and it was a huge mega - hit .
Today , it literally has changed by an order of magnitude .
If you want a huge mega - hit , that ’s not a million - seller .
It ’s a ten million unit seller .
And to make a game that sells ten million units not only requires a lot more development time and effort to be put in the game – it requires other financial considerations as well .
You have to have a huge inventory filled to be able to sell that many copies and have them stocked at retail ; you gotta spend tens of millions of dollars ( or more ! ) – I mean , it ’s anyone ’s guess on how much Microsoft spends marketing Halo – but I have seen hundred million dollar figures bandied about .
So you ’ve gotta spend huge money marketing a title .
And when you take all those things into account , an independent , internally - funded developer is almost too much to ask for .
Could they go borrow the money – could they partner with someone to get the money – to do that ?
Yeah .
But then you start diluting your decision - making authority , because now [ the potential partner ] gets a seat at the decision - making table .
And that was another thing that we never thought was a good option : to have someone else making the decisions about the games that we ’re making .
And really , our relationship with Zenimax is that we ’ll make all the game development decisions .
We ’ll tell Zenimax what those decisions are so they ’ll know , so they can help us with marketing and things like that – and if they think we ’re making a boneheaded decision , they can tell us .
But , by and large , they do n’t want to get involved in that because they do n’t want to mess up the recipe of what has been successful for so long .
It ’s just like how we have respect for Zenimax on the publishing side .
I mean , we ’re not going to go in and tell them , “ Hey , here ’s my crazy developer idea about how you ought to change the way you run your successful publishing business . ”
Speaking of your relationship with Bethesda , what sort of collaborations might we expect from you two ?
After all , you ’ve allowed developers like Splash Damage and Raven Software handle your major IPs in the past .
Would you ever consider doing a collaboration like that with Bethesda ?
Todd : Hollenshead : I think it would be cool to explore those ideas .
That does n’t mean that we would actually ever do something , but to have a Wolfenstein or whatever that was not a shooter game , that ’s not a taboo for us .
I do n’t know if that would be interesting for Todd Howard to work on , or if he would rather just have id work on that stuff .
But something like that would be more likely to happen than some sort of collaborative effort where we would go in and partner up and work on a single game with them – because they do what they do better than we could ever hope to , so we ’re not going to have any pointers for them on that .
And I think the same thing is true on the opposite side ; I do n’t want to sound egotistical , but we really do know what we ’re doing on the shooter side of the business .
And I think Todd likes what he does , and does n’t really want to go in and tell Tim , or Kevin , or John [ Carmack ] , “ Hey , I ’ve got this great idea for you guys to work on . ”
And that ’s sort of why the combined companies are so much stronger than they are separate .
[ Bethesda ] is great at what they do ; let them keep doing it .
We ’re great at what we do ; let us keep doing it .
Now , we leverage each other ’s strengths by having a bigger library of franchise that better leverage the publishing arm of the business .
And then on our side , we have a publisher who will have a vested interest in our properties , because the publisher owns those properties .
And so , the idea is that they ’ll do an even more effective job than what we ’ve had in the past in terms of the publishing aspect of the business .
OK , one last question .
John Carmack was talking about how he has n’t been able to research any “ next - gen ” gaming technology , but that he really wants to .
So , in that vein , when do you see the next big change in gaming technology coming , and what form do you think it will take ?
Another build - up in graphics technology ?
More motion control ?
Or do you think it ’ll come completely out of left field ?
Todd : Hollenshead : [ Laughs ]
That is a very big question to save for the last one .
I ’m not sure if I ’m smart enough – or know enough – to answer all the aspects of what you ’ve queried me over .
But to me , the key issue facing the industry – outside of the piracy issue , which is around all the time – is that the economy is in a worldwide recession .
There are major disincentives for even Nintendo , but certainly Microsoft and Sony to start another console cycle now .
We are going into the 360 ’s fifth Christmas season .
Traditionally , there ’s been a five - year cycle .
Everyone who ’s talking about the cycle being extended some extra number of years that no one ’s talking about because Sony and Microsoft do n’t want to tip their hands to one another .
But the thing about it is , there ’s a reason why there was a five year cycle .
And the reason is that – to tie it back in to the PC point you raised earlier – at some point , the PC is going to gain substantial competitive leverage by virtue of superior technology in material and significant ways by which the consoles will not be able to compete .
And I think that how the industry handles this next console transition is crucial .
Because the PS3 install base is still a problem for Sony and for PS3 developers ; the 360 and PS3 are still at price points that are well above what you ’d consider to be mainstream or mass market .
We still have very large titles that sell a lot of units across the different platforms .
So , as we see that unfold , I think that is going to be the key thing to watch .
So , while everyone is saying , “ Oh , well , our console is still selling well , ” I think there ’s an undercurrent of turbulence that concerns me given the sort of macro - market factors that are going on here that have become a disincentive to make the right decision [ about releasing new console technology ] even though it may be a hard one .
Especially since it ’s going to require an investment of money , which is in short supply .
And it ’s going to involve taking risks , which there is an aversion to .
All those sorts of things .
But somebody ’s going to do it , and – to me – probably the player who ’s in the best position to do so is Microsoft , because I do think they ’ve recouped a lot of the costs of their console .
Maybe they ’ll push the [ Xbox 360 ] to year six – maybe seven – but I ’ve got to believe that they ’re already planning the transition now , and they have their eye on the ball as to what it is , because I think they see that there are some weaknesses that they can exploit with what ’s going on at Sony .
No skanks , bloggers .
A Manhattan judge ruled yesterday that a blogger ca n’t hide behind a web of anonymity while flinging the ugly words “ skank ” and “ ho ” at somebody online .
The sternly worded ruling orders Google to give up the identity of an anonymous blogger - assailant who inexplicably devoted an entire blog — titled “ Skanks in NYC ” — to maligning beautiful blond model Liskula Cohen .
Once she learns her attacker ’s name — possibly as early as today — the model can serve the anonymous blogger with a defamation lawsuit .
The blog , which was posted through Google ’s “ Blogger.com ” subsidiary last year , had included sexy fashion shots of Cohen with captions using the words “ skank , ” “ ho ” and “ whoring . ”
In fighting to stay anonymous , the blogger had argued these remarks were “ non-actionable opinion and / or hyperbole ” — in other words , “ trash talk . ”
“ I really hope it ’s not somebody I know , ” Cohen , 27 , of Manhattan , said yesterday .
“ I ’m a human being .
I bleed .
I have feelings .
When I saw that blog , it was awful , ” she told The Post .
“ All I can say for this person is , I really truly hope that they have more in their life than this , ” she said of the vile blog , which has been taken down .
“ The thrust of the blog is that [ Cohen ] is a sexually promiscuous woman , ” Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Joan Madden wrote in her decision .
That included references to Cohen as “ whoring ” and “ ready to engage in oral sexual activity . ”
As such , the international cover girl is entitled to insist in a defamation lawsuit that the blogger ’s statements are false and damaging — and to get from Google the blogger ’s name she needs in order to do so , the judge ruled .
Cohen ’s lawyer , Steven Wagner , said he hopes the decision sends a message to bloggers , Twitterers , and whoever else would use the anonymity of the Internet for cowardly defamations .
“ The rules for defamation on the Web — for actual reality as well as virtual reality — are the same , ” Wagner said .
“ The Internet is not a free - for - all . ”
But the lawyer for the anonymous blogger warned that the real free - for - all will happen in the court system if everyone who ’s ever suffered an ugly insult online decides to take their complaint before a judge .
“ The floodgates would be opened if you tried to regulate these very broad , common insults and invective on the Internet , ” said Anne Salisbury .
“ You can be really , really mean to people — you just ca n’t lie about a set of facts that are provable as lies , and that you knew or recklessly disregarded the truth of . ”
laura.italiano@nypost.com
Keyword search :
Notice : Undefined variable : action in / pub / home / maximish / htdocs / header .php on line 101
Notice : Undefined variable : action in / pub / home / maximish / htdocs / header .php on line 101
Notice : Undefined variable : action in / pub / home / maximish / htdocs / gallery .php on line 17
Beginning JNI with NetBeans IDE and C/C++ Plugin on Linux
This tutorial takes you through the creation of a simple application that uses Java TM Native Interface ( JNI ) code written in the C programming language .
The tutorial is specific to Linux .
Contents
Requirements
To follow this tutorial , you need the following software and resources .
See the NetBeans IDE 8.0 Installation Instructions and Configuring the NetBeans IDE for C/C++/ Fortran for information on downloading and installing the required software .
Setting Up Your Environment for the Tutorial
You need both Java modules and C / C++ modules for this tutorial .
If you already have downloaded the NetBeans IDE C/C++ bundle , you can download the additional Java modules separately .
To determine if you have the Java and C/ C++ modules , select File > New Project .
The project categories should include both Java and C/C ++.
To download Java and C/ C++ modules that may be missing :
In the NetBeans IDE , select Tools > Plugins .
In the Available Plugins tab , select the checkbox for Java or C/C++ , depending on which is missing from your IDE .
If you already have the plugins , they will be listed in the Installed tab .
Click Install .
Click Next in the NetBeans IDE Installer dialog box , accept the license terms checkbox , and click Install .
Click Finish when the installation is complete .
Setting Up the Java Application Project
This program requires a Java project and a C project .
In this section , you will create and configure the Java project for the JNI application you will be developing .
You will create a new Java application project , initialize its main class , and add a native method to this class .
Choose File > New Project .
Select the Java category and Java Application project type .
Click Next .
In the Project Name field , type JNIDemoJava .
You can change the Project Location to any directory on your computer , but here we use the default NetBeansProjects in the user directory .
Leave the Create Main Class checkbox selected and change the Main class name to jnidemojava .
Main .
Click Finish .
The IDE creates the NetBeansProjects / JNIDemoJava project folder .
Editing the Main Class Source
To open the Main class source in the editor , right - click the Main. java class node and choose Open .
Replace the line // TODO code application logic here in the main method with the following : new Main ( ).nativePrint ( ) ;
Notice the indicator in the left margin showing an error and lightbulb .
Click on the indicator , and you are prompted with a shortcut to create the method nativePrint .
Click on this shortcut and the IDE inserts the following code : private void nativePrint ( ) { throw new UnsupportedOperationException ( " Not supported yet " ) ; } Delete the line throw new UnsupportedOperationException ( " Not supported yet " ) ; Modify the nativePrint ( ) method by inserting the native keyword into the method signature so that it now looks as follows : private native void nativePrint ( ) ;
The native keyword indicates that the method has an implementation located in an external native library .
However , at runtime the library location is not clear .
The new main method should look as follows : public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { new Main ( ).nativePrint ( ) ; } private native void nativePrint ( ) ; } Right - click the project name and select Clean and Build .
The project should build successfully .
Creating the Native Library Header File
javah
In a terminal window , navigate to the NetBeansProjects directory .
Type the following : javah -o JNIDemoJava.h - classpath JNIDemoJava / build / classes jnidemojava .Main A JNIDemoJava.h C header file is generated in the NetBeansProjects directory .
This file is required to provide a correct function declaration for the native implementation of the nativePrint ( ) method .
You will need it later when you create the C part of this application .
Switch back to the NetBeans IDE window .
In this section we use , a Java tool that creates a C header from a Java class .
Summary
In this exercise you created a new Java application project , specified its location , and defined the package and name of the main class of the project .
You also added a new method to the main class and marked it as a method having a native implementation .
As a final step , you created a C header file , which is required later for the native library compilation .
Setting Up a New C/C++ Dynamic Library Project
This section shows you how to create the native part of the application .
You will create the C++ Dynamic Library project and configure it to be able to build JNI code .
After you have set up the project , you will create the implementation for the native method you declared earlier in the Java part of the application .
Choose File > New Project .
Under Categories , select C/ C++. Under Projects , select C/C++ Dynamic Library .
Click Next .
In the Project Name field , type JNIDemoCdl .
In the Project Location field , use the same location that you used for the Java application project , NetBeansProjects .
The location should be shown as the default value .
Accept the defaults for all other fields and click Finish .
The IDE creates the NetBeansProjects / JNIDemoCdl project folder .
Setting Project Properties
Right - click the JNIDemoCdl project node and choose Properties .
In the Properties dialog box , select the C Compiler node under the Build properties .
Click the Include Directories and Headers ... button and click Add in the Include Directories and Headers dialog box .
Browse into your JDK directory , and select the include subdirectory .
Select the Store path as Absolute option , then click Select to add this directory to the project 's Include Directories .
Add the JDK 's include / linux directory in the same way , then click OK .
These settings are required to enable references to the Java jni.h library from your C code .
Find the Compilation Line area of the C Compiler options .
Click in the text field of the Additional Options property and type - shared - m32 .
The - shared option tells the compiler to generate a dynamic library .
The - m32 option tells the compiler to create a 32 - bit binary .
By default on 64 - bit systems the compiled binaries are 64 - bit , which causes a lot of problems with 32 - bit JDKs .
Click the Linker category in the left panel .
Click the Output text field , and replace the string $ {CND_DISTDIR} /$ {CND_CONF}/$ {CND_PLATFORM}/libJNIDemoCdl.so with the string dist / libJNIDemoCdl.so to simplify the path of the resulting shared object file .
This will make the file easer to reference from Java .
Click OK .
The defined settings are saved .
Adding a Header File
Go to a terminal window and move the JNIDemoJava.h header file that you generated previously from your NetBeansProjects directory to the C/C+ +
Library project directory , NetBeansProjects / JNIDemoCdl .
In the Projects window , right - click the Header Files node of the JNIDemoCdl project and choose Add Existing Item .
Navigate to the NetBeansProjects / JNIDemoCdl directory and select the JNIDemoJava.h file , then click Select .
The JNIDemoJava.h file appears under Header Files .
Implementing a Method
Right - click the Source Files node of the JNIDemoCdl project and choose New > C Source File .
Type JNIDemo in the File Name field , and click Finish .
The editor opens the JNIDemo .c file .
Edit the JNIDemo.c file by typing the following code : #include < jni.h > # include < stdio.h > # include " JNIDemoJava.h " JNIEXPORT void JNICALL Java_jnidemojava_Main_nativePrint ( JNIEnv *env , jobject obj ) { printf ( "
Hello World from C
" ) ; } Save the JNIDemo .c file .
Right - click the JNIDemoCdl project node and choose Build .
The Output window displays BUILD SUCCESSFUL ( total time 171 ms ) or similar .
Summary
In this exercise you created a new C/C++ Dynamic Library , specified its location , and configured it to be able to build a JNI implementation of your Java method .
You added the generated header file for the native method you declared in the Java application , and implemented it .
Building and Running the Application
In this exercise , you will perform some final alterations to the Java part of the application .
These changes are required to ensure the Java part properly loads the native library you compiled in the previous exercise .
After that you will compile and run the resulting application .
Configuring the Java Project Open the Main. java file in the editor .
Add the following initialization code for the C++ dynamic library after the public class Main line , using the path to the output file that you shortened in the previous exercise : static { System.load ( " full - path-to-NetBeansProjects-dir/JNIDemoCdl/dist/libJNIDemoCdl.so " ) ; } Replace full - path - to - NetBeansProjects - dir with the path to your NetBeansProjects directory , which should be something similar to /home / username / NetBeansProjects Save the Main. java file .
Running the JNIDemoJava Application Select the JNIDemoJava application in the Projects window .
Press F6 or click the Run button in the toolbar to run the application .
The program should execute correctly and the Output window should display output similar to the following :
Summary
In this exercise you made some final configuration steps and ran the application to verify that the implementation of the native method comes from the native C library .
Next Steps
If you want to check your work against a working example , you can download a zip file containing the source code from netbeans.org .
You can use the following documents to get more information :
If you ’re a regular reader of the site , you have probably heard by now that the Pinewood Studios £ 200 m redevelopment plan has been rejected by South Buckinghamshire District Council which is a big blow to the studio .
Since the news broke , the BBC has run some news articles in conjunction with other websites stating that The Pinewood Project may relocate to The West Midlands with support from local MPs .
A derelict former car plant at Longbridge was the planned site but we ’ve been in contact with Pinewood Studios who claim that this news is completely unfounded stating :
“ Alternative sites were considered , in accordance with planning guidance related to development in the Green Belt .
However , the most important aspect in achieving the benefits of Project Pinewood is the complementary relationship between Project Pinewood and Pinewood Studios and the resulting creative cluster and the broad range of benefits this will generate .
The proximity of Project Pinewood to Pinewood Studios is essential to its success . ”
So it seems that the news of Pinewood moving to Birmingham is rumour and you wo n’t get to see Daniel Craig , or any other Bond for that matter , causing mayhem in the region !
More news as we get it .
Three members of the Advocacy for Animals staff went to see the movie Food Inc. , a documentary about the major sources of the food produced in the United States — including animals raised for food .
Here are the reactions of each staffer : A vegan , a vegetarian , and an omnivore .
First staffer ( vegan ) :
To be honest , I did n’t really want to see Food , Inc .
From reading the reviews , I knew what it had to say , and I was n’t sure I could take hearing it all again .
I ’ve read a lot , written some , and seen other films ( such as the excellent The Future of Food [ 2004 ] ) on the subject of how food is produced in North America .
I ’m left feeling powerless by the huge economic and political forces that work to keep the profits rolling to enormous chemical , agricultural , and food - processing companies who benefit from having Americans eat a certain way .
The frustration is made worse by knowing that those forces also work to keep us in the dark about the real costs involved and collude to keep people at all levels — such as farmers , consumers , slaughterhouse workers , union leaders ( and , of course , these groups overlap ) — from having any place to redress their grievances .
That ’s one reason why I do my best to live a vegan lifestyle ( in addition to my empathy for , and solidarity with , the animals whose lives are hijacked for use and abuse in animal agriculture and other economic sectors ) ; it ’s a relief to me to be able to sit out at least a portion of a system that is dishonest , environmentally damaging , and exploitative of animals and workers alike .
Food , Inc. made all of the above very clear , but as angry as viewers will and should be , its presentation is not that of a dire , overly earnest , relentlessly depressing documentary .
It is made visually interesting by the use of graphics and animations ( such as charts and moving text ) , and it tells a number of human stories that bring the material to life .
I hope that people will see Food , Inc. but that afterward they wo n’t be quite as frustrated as I sometimes am by the way the world works .
One thing I ’ve realized from watching this film and learning the stories of people affected by our national food policy is that even if you do n’t win the war , it ’s important to keep fighting whatever battles you can .
Small but effective actions — such as speaking out against corporations that are doing wrong ( and have used the legislative process to make sure they can sue us if we complain ) , or boycotting products from companies that hurt animals , harass farmers , and scapegoat undocumented workers — help carve out a space where we do n’t have to buy whatever they ’re selling no matter how it was produced ; a space where we still have choices .
Second staffer ( vegetarian ) :
I became a vegetarian in 1990 , partly because I found myself convinced by philosophical essays on animal rights by Peter Singer and others and partly because a few vegetarian friends offered me living proof of how easy it is to avoid eating meat .
The story told by Food , Inc. is appalling and outrageous , and that is putting it mildly .
The control of all aspects of food production in the United States by corporate monopolies has resulted in a system that tortures millions of animals a year , harms the environment and human health , abuses workers , manipulates regulatory and policy - making bodies for its own benefit , and creates global food shortages that impoverish millions .
These consequences are dire but in fact not very surprising , given that corporations exist not to perform useful social functions but to maximize profits ; if under - regulated or allowed to form monopolies they will do so at whatever social cost may be entailed .
But even people who recognize these truisms may be startled to see the extent of the harm that the corporate food monopoly has caused to animals , humans , and the environment throughout the world .
For me , the most striking aspect of this story was how government at all levels overtly acts to protect the profits of food corporations at the obvious expense of the public interest .
This is due partly to the longstanding practice of staffing regulatory agencies with former executives and lobbyists of food and agriculture corporations , as the film well documents .
Because government now acts chiefly as a promoter of the food industry rather than a servant of the public , it is not surprising that the USDA has lost the power to shut down plants that repeatedly produce contaminated meat , that the INS ignores the recruitment of undocumented Mexican workers by U.S. meatpackers ( and even coordinates with meatpacking plants so that its raids on the homes of workers do not disrupt production ) , that Clarence Thomas , a former lawyer for Monsanto , upheld the legality of patents on genetically modified life - forms , and that several state legislatures have passed obviously unconstitutional “ food disparagement ” laws that forbid the false criticism of beef .
Third staffer ( omnivore ) :
As an omnivore , I feel it is my duty to investigate the source of the meat products I buy so that I am not abetting cruelty by supporting companies that subject animals to miserable lives and brutality .
Food , Inc. made me realize how out of date my image of animal agriculture is .
My parents ’ families lived on farms , and I remember their interactions with the animals — my grandfather calling the cows in from the pasture to be milked , my Uncle Harry feeding the pigs , my grandmother gathering eggs from the henhouse .
These animals were destined for the pot but they were not mistreated and lived their lives in the open air .
The chickens wandered around pecking for food and the cows went out to graze in the pastures every day .
I was revolted by the deformed chickens in the movie that were barely able to walk–a triumph of breeding for quick growth and lots of white meat in a creature that would be unable to forage for itself or run from a predator .
Now we can all have inexpensive chicken — a dish that a few generations ago was reserved for Sunday dinner .
But at what price ?
The reality today of industrial agriculture is that the farmer has very little control over most aspects of his animals ’ life and death .
Most farmers are in hock up to their eyebrows for the expensive equipment and housing that they must buy .
The corporations that they contract with to market the animals they raise have the power to dictate every aspect of the business , including what type of animals are raised , what they eat , the drugs they are given , and how they are housed .
I came away from this movie realizing how much I still had to learn about industrial agriculture and how important the choices I make are in supporting the type of agriculture that respects land , animals , and farm workers .
Each purchase is a choice and it should be a conscious , informed choice .
Images : ( Top ) Bar - code car from the Food , Inc. movie poster ; ( below , from left ) author and professor Michael Pollan , director Robert Kenner , and journalist and author of Fast Food Nation Eric Schlosser at a screening of Magnolia Pictures Food Inc. , June 9 , 2009 , in New York City .
Credit : Charles Eshelman
— FilmMagic / Getty Images
To Learn More
Books We Like
There are lots of books we like on this topic :
Several aircraft carrier scenes were taken from the movie Flug durch die Hölle ( 1991 ) , including the flyby of 4 planes when the pilots arrive at the aircraft carrier , when the bombs are loaded onto the planes , and when the planes launched for their final mission .
See more
Alternate Versions
The UK cinema version was cut to receive a ' 12 ' certificate by the BBFC with the removal of one use of ' fucking ' and to add a warning sign , advising against the dangers of helium inhalation , during the scene where Topper smokes the peace pipe .
An additional cut was made for the PG - rated video version to remove references to incest and bestiality from one of Topper 's quips , bringing the cuts total to 22 secs .
All later DVD releases still feature the heavily cut video print , but the Blu-ray release was passed completely uncut with a ' 12 ' rating in 2013 .
See more
In Civil War-era America
Wil would have had to write over 560 cover letters before he got Penelope to remove the last of her petticoats , and they would both have died of dysentery by then .
For just less than a decade , NASA 's Institute for Advanced Concepts was the staid space agency 's big-vision mashup of Willy Wonka 's factory , DARPA and your crazy uncle 's garage workshop .
And now experts want to bring it back .
Instructed to pursue " revolutionary aeronautical and space concepts that could dramatically impact how NASA develops and conducts its missions , " it funded research on space elevators , antimatter harvesters and other space fiction plot devices .
" The genius is in the generalities , and not the details , " explained the ' What is Revolutionary ? ' section of the Institute 's website .
Despite this seeming impracticality , three of its projects — a plasma rocket , a measurement device for black holes and a giant shade that should make it easier to take pictures of exoplanets — will probably end up being used in NASA missions .
But in 2007 , with its $ 4 million budget tightly stretched and NASA more interested in immediate payoffs than long - term dreaming , the Institute was shuttered .
The decision seemed short - sighted at the time , and on Friday an expert panel convened by the National Academy of Sciences recommended that NASA re-open the Institute .
Their recommendation is n't binding , but it 's promising .
The panel did , however , suggest the Institute scale back its ambitions and focus on projects that could be realistically developed in a decade , not a couple generations .
The party would n't need to be over — but neither would it be so wild again .
In a salute to the Insitute 's heritage , here are a few of their grander plans :
Development of a Single - Fluid Consumable Infrastructure for Life Support , Power , Propulsion , and Thermal Control .
Would n't it be neat if everything in life ran on a single fuel ?
In a spacecraft , that could be hydrogen peroxide .
Wide Bandwidth Deep Space Quantum Communications .
Getting a pair of electrons to affect each other 's spin when separated by a few miles is possible but difficult .
This project would do it at movie - downloading speeds , separated by a solar system .
Moon & Mars Orbiting Spinning Tether Transport and Tether Transport System for LEO-MEO-GEO - Lunar Traffic :
Ever play tetherball and have the rope break ?
Imagine that happening , but with the end of the tether in orbit , and the ball replaced by industrial payloads being thrown between Earth and the moon .
Tailored Force Fields for Space - Based Construction : Just as sound waves can push solid objects , electromagnetic waves could be used to manipulate materials and build structures in space .
Antimatter Driven Sail for Deep Space Missions .
A bit like a hot air balloon , only running on antimatter .
That this was considered a feasibly short - term project speaks volumes about the Institute .
See Also :
Images : NIAC
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes , Wired Science on Twitter .
Drug company giant Pfizer has agreed to settle out of court – to the tune of $ 75 million – in the case of its unlicensed medical trials on Nigerian children during a meningitis outbreak in 1996 , which led to 11 deaths and serious injuries such as organ failure and brain damage in others .
The Nigerian Health Ministry called the experiment “ an illegal trial of an unregistered drug ” and a “ clear case of exploitation of the ignorant . ”
Pfizer tested their experimental antibiotic Trovan on children without the consent of their parents in the midst of an outbreak that ultimately killed 11,000 , claiming it was a “ humanitarian mission . ”
The drug company stated that the trial was conducted ethically and with the permission of the Nigerian government , but both claims have been disputed .
If Pfizer is going to cough up $ 75 million for a settlement , one wonders what would have come out in court .
The drug was never approved for U.S. children , but the FDA gave the green light to its use in adults in 1998 .
Trovan was banned in the European Union in 1999 , and the U.S. FDA restricted its use severely after liver failures were reported in adults .
“ The Constant Gardener ” by John Le Carre was reportedly inspired by the events of 1996 , but set in Kenya instead of Nigeria .
[ social_buttons ]
Image : Fillmore Photography at Flickr under CC License
Persons using assistive technology might not be able to fully access information in this file .
For assistance , please send e-mail to : mmwrq@cdc.gov .
Type 508 Accommodation and the title of the report in the subject line of e-mail .
Antiretroviral Postexposure Prophylaxis After Sexual , Injection - Drug Use , or Other Nonoccupational Exposure to HIV in the United States Recommendations from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Prepared by
Dawn K. Smith , MD1
Lisa A. Grohskopf , MD1
Roberta J. Black , PhD2
Judith D. Auerbach , PhD2
Fulvia Veronese , PhD2
Kimberly A. Struble , PharmD3
Laura Cheever , MD4
Michael Johnson , MD4
Lynn A. Paxton , MD1
Ida M. Onorato , MD1
Alan E. Greenberg , MD1 1 Division of HIV / AIDS Prevention , National Center for HIV , STD , and TB Prevention , CDC , Atlanta , Georgia
2 National Institutes of Health
3 Food and Drug Administration , Washington , D.C .
4 Health Resources and Services Administration
The material presented in this report originated in the Division of HIV / AIDS Prevention , National Center for HIV , STD , and TB Prevention , Janet L. Collins , MD , Acting Director .
Corresponding Author : Lisa A. Grohskopf , MD , Epidemiology Branch , Division of HIV / AIDS Prevention , National Center for HIV , STD and TB Prevention , CDC , 1600 Clifton Road NE , MS - E45 , Atlanta , GA 30333 .
Telephone : 404-639-6116 ; Fax : 404-639-6127 ; e-mail : lkg6@cdc.gov .
Summary
The most effective means of preventing human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) infection is preventing exposure .
The provision of antiretroviral drugs to prevent HIV infection after unanticipated sexual or injection - drug - - use exposure might be beneficial .
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ( DHHS ) Working Group on Nonoccupational Postexposure Prophylaxis ( nPEP ) made the following recommendations for the United States .
For persons seeking care < 72 hours after nonoccupational exposure to blood , genital secretions , or other potentially infectious body fluids of a person known to be HIV infected , when that exposure represents a substantial risk for transmission , a 28 - day course of highly active antiretroviral therapy ( HAART ) is recommended .
Antiretroviral medications should be initiated as soon as possible after exposure .
For persons seeking care < 72 hours after nonoccupational exposure to blood , genital secretions , or other potentially infectious body fluids of a person of unknown HIV status , when such exposure would represent a substantial risk for transmission if the source were HIV infected , no recommendations are made for the use of nPEP .
Clinicians should evaluate risks and benefits of nPEP on a case - by - case basis .
For persons with exposure histories that represent no substantial risk for HIV transmission or who seek care > 72 hours after exposure , DHHS does not recommend the use of nPEP .
Clinicians might consider prescribing nPEP for exposures conferring a serious risk for transmission , even if the person seeks care > 72 hours after exposure if , in their judgment , the diminished potential benefit of nPEP outweighs the risks for transmission and adverse events .
For all exposures , other health risks resulting from the exposure should be considered and prophylaxis administered when indicated .
Risk - reduction counseling and indicated intervention services should be provided to reduce the risk for recurrent exposures .
Introduction
The most effective methods for preventing human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) infection are those that protect against exposure to HIV .
Antiretroviral therapy cannot replace behaviors that help avoid HIV exposure ( e.g. , sexual abstinence , sex only in a mutually monogamous relationship with a noninfected partner , consistent and correct condom use , abstinence from injection - drug use , and consistent use of sterile equipment by those unable to cease injection - drug use ) .
Medical treatment after sexual , injection - drug - - use , or other nonoccupational HIV exposure * is less effective than preventing HIV infection by avoiding exposure .
In July 1997 , CDC sponsored the External Consultants Meeting on Antiretroviral Therapy for Potential Nonoccupational Exposures to HIV .
This panel of scientists , public health specialists , clinicians , ethicists , members of affected communities , and representatives from professional associations and industry evaluated the available evidence related to use of antiretroviral medications after nonoccupational HIV exposure .
In 1998 , DHHS issued a statement that outlined the available information and concluded that evidence was insufficient about the efficacy of nonoccupational postexposure prophylaxis ( nPEP ) to recommend either for or against its use ( 1 ) .
Since 1998 , additional data about the potential efficacy of nPEP have accumulated from human , animal , and laboratory studies .
Clinicians and organizations have begun providing nPEP to patients they believe might benefit .
In certain instances , health departments have issued advisories or recommendations or otherwise supported the establishment of nPEP treatment programs in their jurisdictions ( 2 - - 6 ) .
In May 2001 , CDC convened the second external consultants meeting on nonoccupational post - exposure prophylaxis to review and discuss the available data .
This report summarizes knowledge about the use and potential efficacy of nPEP and details guidelines for its use in the United States . 
The recommendations are intended for nonoccupational exposures and are not applicable for occupational exposures .
Evidence of Possible Benefits from nPEP
For ethical and logistical reasons , a randomized , placebo - controlled clinical trial of nPEP probably will not be performed .
However , data are available from animal transmission models , perinatal clinical trials , studies of health - care workers receiving prophylaxis after occupational exposures , and from observational studies .
These data indicate that nPEP might sometimes reduce the risk for HIV infection after nonoccupational exposures .
Animal Studies Animal studies have demonstrated mixed results ( 1,7 ) .
In macaques , PMPA ( tenofovir ) blocked simian immunodeficiency virus ( SIV ) infection after intravenous challenge if administered within 24 hours of exposure and continued for 28 days .
PMPA was not as effective if initiated 48 or 72 hours postexposure or if continued for only 3 or 10 days ( 8 ) .
Two macaque studies of combination antiretroviral therapy ( zidovudine , lamivudine , and indinavir ) initiated 4 hours after simian / human immunodeficiency virus ( SHIV ) challenge and continued for 28 days did not protect against infection but did result in reduced viral load among the animals infected ( 9 ) .
In a macaque study designed to model nPEP for mucosal HIV exposure , all animals administered PMPA for 28 days , beginning 12 hours ( four animals ) or 36 hours ( four animals ) after vaginal HIV - 2 exposure , were protected .
Three of four animals treated 72 hours after exposure were also protected ; the fourth animal had delayed seroconversion and maintained a low viral load after treatment ( 10 ) .
These findings are consistent with those of macaque studies of the biology of vaginal SIV transmission .
After atraumatic vaginal inoculation , lamina propria cells of the cervicovaginal subepithelium were infected first , virus was present in draining lymph nodes within 2 days , and virus was disseminated to the blood stream by 5 days ( 11 ) .
Similarly , in another study , SIV - RNA was detected in dendritic cells from the vaginal epithelium within 1 hour of intravaginal viral exposure , and SIV - infected cells were detected in the lymph nodes within 18 hours ( 12 ) .
These data indicate a small window of opportunity during which it might be possible to interrupt either the initial infection of cells in the cervicovaginal mucosa or the dissemination of local infection by the prompt administration of antiretroviral medications .
Postnatal Prophylaxis Abbreviated regimens for reducing mother - to - child HIV transmission have been studied extensively .
Certain regimens have included a postexposure component ( antiretroviral medications given to the neonate ) .
Although reduction in maternal viral load during late pregnancy , labor , and delivery seems to be a major factor in the effectiveness of these regimens , an additional effect is believed to occur because the neonate receives prophylaxis , which protects against infection from exposure to maternal HIV during labor and delivery ( 13,14 ) .
In a Ugandan perinatal trial , the rate of transmission at 14-- 16 weeks postpartum was substantially lower for women who received a single dose of nevirapine at the beginning of labor followed by a single dose of nevirapine to the neonate within 72 hours of birth ( transmission rate : 13.1 % ) than for the women who received intrapartum zidovudine followed by 1 week of zidovudine to the neonate ( transmission rate : 25.1 % ) ( 15 ) .
Similarly low transmission rates were noted in a study in South Africa in which intrapartum and postpartum antiretroviral medications were used .
At 8 weeks postpartum , the transmission rate was 9.3 % after intrapartum zidovudine and lamivudine followed by 1 week of zidovudine and lamivudine to mother and neonate , and the transmission rate was 12.3 % after a single dose of nevirapine administered to the mother during labor and then to the neonate within 72 hours of birth ( 16 ) .
Although these studies lacked control groups , these dosing schedules could not have substantially reduced HIV exposure of the neonate through reducing maternal viral load , demonstrating that a combination of pre-exposure and postexposure prophylaxis for the neonate reduces HIV transmission .
A study in Malawi among women who did not receive intrapartum antiretrovirals compared postnatal prophylaxis with single - dose nevirapine with and without zidovudine for 1 week .
The transmission rate at 6 - - 8 weeks was 7.7 % among infants who received zidovudine plus nevirapine compared with 12.1 % among those who received nevirapine alone ( 17 ) .
Although this study did not have a placebo or no-prophylaxis arm , the transmission rate for the zidovudine - nevirapine arm compares favorably with the rate of 21 % at 4 weeks , noted in the placebo arm of a study of zidovudine prophylaxis conducted in Cote d'Ivoire ( 18 ) .
Two observational studies with relatively limited numbers documented a potential effect of postnatal zidovudine prophylaxis alone ( without intrapartum medication ) .
A review of medical records in New York indicated that zidovudine monotherapy administered to the mother intrapartum or to the infant within 72 hours of birth reduced perinatal transmission > 50 % ; initiating monotherapy for the infant > 72 hours after birth was less effective ( 19 ) .
Similarly , an analysis of births in the PACTS study demonstrated that zidovudine administered to infants within 24 hours of birth , when mothers had not been treated either antepartum or intrapartum , compared with no treatment for mothers or infants , reduced perinatal transmission by 48 % ( 20 ) .
Observational Studies of nPEP
The most direct evidence supporting the efficacy of postexposure prophylaxis is a case - control study of needlestick injuries to health - care workers .
In this study , the prompt initiation of zidovudine was associated with an 81 % decrease in the risk for acquiring HIV ( 21 ) .
Although analogous clinical studies of nPEP have not been conducted , data are available from observational studies and registries .
In a high - risk HIV incidence cohort in Brazil , nPEP instruction and 4 - day starter packs of zidovudine and lamivudine were administered to 200 homosexual and bisexual men .
Men who began taking nPEP after a self - identified high - risk exposure were evaluated within 96 hours ; 92 % met the event eligibility criteria ( clinician - defined high - risk exposure ) .
Seroincidence was 0.7 per 100 person - years ( one seroconversion ) among men who took nPEP and 4.1 per 100 person - years among men who did not take nPEP ( 11 seroconversions ) ( 22,23 ) .
Subsequent analysis of data from patients who took nPEP and had been followed for a median of 24.2 months indicated 11 seroconversions and a seroincidence of 2.9 per 100 person - years , compared with an expected seroincidence of 3.1 per 100 person years , p>0.97 ) ( 24 ) .
In a study of sexual assault survivors in Sao Paolo , Brazil , women who sought care within 72 hours after exposure were treated for 28 days with either zidovudine and lamivudine ( for those without mucosal trauma ) or zidovudine , lamivudine , and indinavir ( for those with mucosal trauma or those subjected to unprotected anal sex ) for 28 days .
Women were not treated if they sought care > 72 hours after assault , if the assailant was HIV - negative , or if a condom was used and no mucosal trauma was seen .
Of 180 women treated , none seroconverted .
Of 145 women not treated , four ( 2.7 % ) seroconverted ( 25 ) .
Although these studies demonstrate that nPEP might reduce the risk for infection after sexual HIV exposures , participants were not randomly assigned , and sample sizes were too small for statistically significant conclusions .
In a study of rape survivors in South Africa , of 480 initially seronegative survivors begun on zidovudine and lamivudine and followed up for at least 6 weeks , one woman seroconverted .
She had started taking medications 96 hours after the assault .
An additional woman , who sought treatment 12 days after assault , was seronegative at that time but not offered nPEP .
At retesting 6 weeks after the assault , she had seroconverted and had a positive polymerase chain reaction result ( Personal communication , A. Wulfsohn , MD , Sunninghill Hospital , Gauteng , South Africa ) .
In a feasibility trial of nPEP conducted in San Francisco , 401 persons with eligible sexual and injection - drug - - use exposures were enrolled .
No seroconversions were observed among those who completed treatment , those who interrupted treatment , or those who did not receive nPEP ( 26 ) .
In a study in British Columbia of 590 persons who completed a course of nPEP , no seroconversions were observed ( 27 ) .
In registries from four countries ( Australia , France , Switzerland , and the United States ) , including approximately 2,000 nonoccupational exposure case reports , no confirmed seroconversions have been attributed to a failure of nPEP in approximately 350 nPEP - treated persons reported to have been exposed to HIV - infected sources .
However , the absence of seroconversions might not be attributed to receipt of nPEP but rather to the low per-act risk for infection and incomplete follow - up in the registries .
Case Reports
In addition to these studies , two case reports are of note .
In one , a patient who received a transfusion of red blood cells from a person subsequently determined to have early HIV infection began taking combination PEP 1 week after transfusion and continued for 9 months .
The patient did not become infected despite the high risk associated with the transfusion of HIV - infected blood ( 28 ) .
In the other case , nPEP was initiated 10 days after self - insemination with semen from a homosexual man later determined to have early HIV infection .
The woman did not become infected but did become pregnant and gave birth to a healthy infant ( 29 ) .
Although data from the studies and case reports do not provide definitive evidence of the efficacy of nPEP after sexual , injection - drug --use , and other nonoccupational exposures to HIV , the cumulative data demonstrate that antiretroviral therapy initiated soon after exposure and continued for 28 days might reduce the risk for acquiring HIV .
Evidence of Possible Risks from nPEP Concerns about the potential risks from nPEP as a public health intervention include possible decrease in risk - reduction behaviors resulting from a perception that postexposure treatment is available , the occurrence of serious adverse effects from antiretroviral treatment in otherwise healthy persons , and potential selection for resistant virus ( particularly if adherence is poor during the nPEP course ) .
Evidence indicates that these theoretical risks might not be major problems .
Effects on Risk - Reduction Behaviors
The availability or use of nPEP might not lead to increases in risk behavior .
Of participants in the nPEP feasibility study in San Francisco , 72 % reported a decrease in risk behavior over the next 12 months relative to baseline reported risk behavior , 14 % reported no change , and 14 % reported an increase ( 30 ) .
However , 17 % of participants requested a second course of nPEP during the year after the first course , indicating that although participants did not increase risk behaviors , a substantial proportion of the participants did not eliminate risk behaviors .
A similar proportion of participants ( 14 % ) requested a second course of nPEP at the Fenway Clinic in Boston ( 31 ) .
In the Brazil nPEP study of homosexual and bisexual men followed up for a median of 24 months , all groups , including those who elected to take nPEP , reported decreases in risk behavior ( 24,32 ) .
Among highly educated ( 75 % with > 4 years of college ) , predominantly white ( 74 % ) homosexual men who completed a street - outreach interviewer - administered survey in San Francisco , those who reported that they were aware of the availability of nPEP did not report more risk behavior than those who were not aware ( 33 ) .
In a study of discordant heterosexual couples , none reported decreased condom use because of the availability of nPEP ( 34 ) .
Antiretroviral Side Effects and Toxicity Initial concerns about severe side effects and toxicities have been ameliorated by experience with health - care workers who have taken PEP after occupational exposures .
Of 492 health - care workers reported to the occupational PEP registry , 63 % took at least three medications .
Overall , 76 % of workers who received PEP and had 6 weeks of follow - up reported certain symptoms ( i.e. , nausea [ 57 % ] and fatigue or malaise [ 38 % ] ) .
Only 8 % of these workers had laboratory abnormalities , few of which were serious and all of which resolved promptly at the end of antiretroviral treatment ( 35 ) .
Six ( 1.3 % ) reported severe adverse events , and four stopped taking PEP because of them .
Of 68 workers who stopped taking PEP despite exposure to a source person known to be HIV - positive , 29 ( 43 % ) stopped because of side effects .
According to the U.S. nPEP surveillance registry , among 107 exposures for which nPEP was taken , the regimen initially prescribed was stopped or modified in 22 % ; modifications or stops were reported because of side effects in half of these instances ( 36 ) .
In addition to reports in these registries , serious side effects have been reported ( e.g. , nephrolithiasis and hepatitis ) in the literature .
During 1997 -- 2000 , a total of 22 severe adverse events in persons who had taken nevirapine - containing regimens for occupational or nonoccupational postexposure prophylaxis were reported to FDA ( 37 --38 ) .
Severe hepatotoxicity occurred in 12 ( one requiring liver transplantation ) , severe skin reactions in 14 , and both hepatic and cutaneous manifestations occurred in four .
Because the majority of occupational exposures do not lead to HIV infection , the risk for using a nevirapine - containing regimen for occupational PEP outweighs the potential benefits .
The same rationale indicates that nevirapine should not be used for nPEP .
Selection of Resistant Virus Antiretroviral PEP does not prevent all infections in occupational and perinatal settings .
Similarly , PEP is not expected to have complete efficacy after nonoccupational exposures .
In instances where nPEP fails to prevent infection , selection of resistant virus by the antiretroviral drugs is theoretically possible .
However , because of the relative paucity of documented nPEP failures for which resistance testing was performed , the likelihood of this occurring is unknown .
PEP failures have been documented after at least one sexual ( 39 ) and 21 occupational ( 38,40 ) exposures .
Three fourths of these patients were treated with zidovudine monotherapy .
Only three received three or more antiretroviral medications for PEP .
Among the patients tested , several were infected with strains that were resistant to antiretroviral medications .
In a study in Brazil ( 24 ) , virus obtained on day 28 of therapy from the only treated person who seroconverted ( whose regimen included 3TC ) had a 3TC - resistance mutation .
However , the source - person could not be tested .
Therefore , whether the mutation was present when the virus was transmitted or whether it developed during nPEP could not be determined .
Selection of resistant virus might occasionally result from the use of nPEP .
However , because the majority of nonoccupational exposures do not lead to HIV infection and because the use of combination antiretroviral therapy might reduce further the transmission rate , such occurrences are probably rare .
For patients who seroconvert despite nPEP , resistance testing should be considered to guide early and subsequent treatment decisions .
Cost - Effectiveness of nPEP
Although the potential benefits of nPEP to persons are measured by balancing its anticipated efficacy after a given exposure against individual health risks , the value of nPEP as a public health intervention is best addressed at the population level by using techniques such as cost - benefit analysis .
Such analyses have been published .
One cost - effectiveness evaluation of nPEP in different potential exposure scenarios in the United States reported it to be cost - effective only in situations in which the sex partner source was known to be HIV - infected or after unprotected receptive anal intercourse with a homosexual or bisexual man of unknown serostatus ( 41,42 ) .
A similar analysis in France reported that nPEP was cost - saving for unprotected receptive anal intercourse with a partner known to be HIV - infected and cost - effective for receptive anal intercourse with a homosexual or bisexual partner of unknown serostatus .
It was not cost - effective for penile - vaginal sex , insertive anal intercourse , or other exposures considered ( 43 ) .
Another study and anecdotal reports indicate difficulty limiting nPEP to the exposures most likely to benefit from it .
In British Columbia , where guidelines for nPEP use have been implemented ( 5 ) , an analysis indicated that > 50 % of those receiving nPEP should not , according to the guidelines , have been treated ( e.g. , for exposure to intact skin ) .
The use of nPEP in these circumstances doubled the estimated cost per HIV infection prevented ( $ 530,000 versus $ 230,000 ) ( 44 ) .
Even if nPEP is cost - effective for the highest risk exposures , behavioral interventions are more cost - effective ( 41,45 ) .
This emphasizes the importance , when considering nPEP , of providing risk - avoidance and risk - reduction counseling to reduce the occurrence of future HIV exposures .
Evidence of Current Practice Although 40,000 new HIV infections occur in the United States each year , relatively few exposed persons seek care after nonoccupational exposure .
Certain exposures are unrecognized .
Certain patients have frequently recurring exposures and would not benefit from nPEP because 4 weeks of potential protection cannot substantially reduce their overall risk for acquiring HIV infection .
In addition , certain clinicians and exposed patients are unaware of the availability of nPEP or unconvinced of its efficacy and safety .
Finally , access to knowledgeable clinicians or a means of paying for nPEP might constrain its use .
Certain populations in the United States remain at high risk for exposure .
In a cohort study of homosexual and bisexual men , 17 % reported at least one condom failure during the 6 months preceding study enrollment ( 46 ) .
Other studies indicate that increasing use of highly active antiretroviral therapy ( HAART ) by HIV - infected persons might be leading some persons to have unprotected sex more frequently , in part because of the belief that lowered viral load substantially reduces infectivity ( 47 -- 50 ) .
This finding is supported by increased rates of sexually transmitted infections among HIV - infected patients ( 51 ) .
In a California study , 69 % of discordant heterosexual couples reported having had unprotected sex during the preceding 6 months ( 34 ) .
Since 1998 , certain clinicians have recommended wider availability and use of nPEP ( 52 - - 58 ) , and others have been more cautious about implementing it in the absence of definitive evidence of efficacy ( 59,60 ) .
Multiple public health jurisdictions , including the New York State AIDS Institute , the San Francisco County Health Department , the Massachusetts Department of Public Health , the Rhode Island Department of Health , and the California State Office of AIDS , have issued policies or advisories for nPEP use .
Some of these recommendations have focused on sexual assault survivors , who constitute few of the estimated 40,000 new HIV infections annually in the United States .
Surveys of clinicians and facilities indicate a need for more widespread implementation of guidelines and protocols for nPEP use ( 61 ) .
In a survey of Massachusetts emergency department directors , 52 % of facilities had received nPEP requests during the preceding year , but only 15 % had written nPEP protocols ( 62 ) .
Similarly , in a survey of Massachusetts clinicians , approximately 20 % had a written nPEP protocol ( 63 ) .
Among pediatric emergency medicine specialists surveyed throughout the United States and Canada , approximately 20 % had a written policy about nPEP use , but 33 % had prescribed it for children and adolescents ; different prescribing practices were reported ( 64 ) .
In a survey of 27 European Union countries , 23 had guidelines for occupational PEP use , but only six had guidelines for nPEP use ( 65 ) .
Evidence indicates considerable awareness of nPEP and interest in its use among potential patients .
In a cohort study of homosexual and bisexual men , 60 % were willing to participate in a study of nPEP if it involved a single daily dose of medication ; 30 % were willing to take 3 doses daily ( 66 ) .
Among men surveyed at a " gay pride " festival in Atlanta , although only 3 % had used nPEP , 26 % planned to if exposed in the future ( 67 ) .
When nPEP studies were established in San Francisco , approximately 400 persons sought treatment in 2 ½ years ( 24 ) .
At a clinic primarily serving homosexual and bisexual men in Boston , 71 requests for nPEP were evaluated in 1½ years ( 30 ) .
In a California study of heterosexual discordant couples , 28 % had heard of nPEP , 55 % of seronegative partners believed that it was effective , and 78 % reported they would take it if exposed ( 34 ) .
No nationally representative data exists on nPEP use in the United States .
In 1998 , CDC established a national nPEP surveillance registry that accepts voluntary reports by clinicians .
Although approximately 800 reports have been received , the majority of clinicians prescribing nPEP do not report to the registry .
Similarly , low reporting rates were obtained in attempts to establish voluntary registries to monitor occupational PEP and antiretroviral use during pregnancy .
No national surveys of clinicians have been reported .
However , one multisite HIV vaccine trial largely conducted in the United States has assessed nPEP use by 5,418 participants , who included men who have sex with men ( 94 % ) and heterosexual women at high risk ( 6 % ) .
Two percent of trial participants from 27 study sites reported having taken nPEP during the trial .
Supplementary data from six U.S. sites indicated that 46 % of participants had heard of nPEP .
Enrollment at one of seven California sites ( odds ratio [ OR ] = 3.2 ) , having a known positive partner ( OR = 2.0 ) , higher educational level ( OR = 1.4 ) , and greater recreational drug use ( OR = 1.2 ) were significant predictors of having used nPEP ( p<0.05 ) ( 68 ) .
Evaluation of Persons Seeking Care After Potential Nonoccupational Exposure to HIV
The effective delivery of nPEP after exposures that have a substantial risk for HIV infection requires prompt evaluation of patients and consideration of biomedical and behavioral interventions to address current and ongoing health risks .
This evaluation should include determination of the HIV status of the potentially exposed person , the timing and characteristics of the most recent exposure , the frequency of exposures to HIV , the HIV status of the source , and the likelihood of concomitant infection with other pathogens or negative health consequences of the exposure event .
HIV Status of the Potentially Exposed Person Because persons who are infected with HIV might not be aware they are infected , baseline HIV testing should be performed on all persons seeking evaluation for potential nonoccupational HIV exposure .
If possible , this should be done with an FDA - approved rapid test kit ( with results available within an hour ) .
If rapid tests are not available , an initial treatment decision should be made based on the assumption that the potentially exposed patient is not infected , pending HIV test results .
Timing and Frequency of Exposure Available data indicate that nPEP is less likely to be effective if initiated > 72 hours after HIV exposure .
If initiation of nPEP is delayed , the likelihood of benefit might not outweigh the risks inherent in taking antiretroviral medications .
Because nPEP is not 100 % effective in preventing transmission and because antiretroviral medications carry a certain risk for adverse effects and serious toxicities , nPEP should be used only for infrequent exposures .
Persons who engage in behaviors that result in frequent , recurrent exposures that would require sequential or near - continuous courses of antiretroviral medications ( e.g. , discordant sex partners who rarely use condoms or injection - drug users who often share injection equipment ) should not take nPEP .
In these instances , exposed persons should instead be provided with intensive risk - reduction interventions .
HIV Status of Source Patients who have had sexual , injection - drug --use , or other nonoccupational exposures to potentially infectious fluids of persons known to be HIV infected are at risk for acquiring HIV infection and should be considered for nPEP if they seek treatment within 72 hours of exposure .
If possible , source persons should be interviewed to determine his or her history of antiretroviral use and most recent viral load because this information might provide information for the choice of nPEP medications .
Persons with exposures to potentially infectious fluids of persons of unknown HIV status might or might not be at risk for acquiring HIV infection .
When the source is known to be from a group with a high prevalence of HIV infection ( e.g. , a homosexual or bisexual man , an injection - - drug user , or a commercial sex worker ) , the risk for transmission might be increased .
The risk for transmission might be especially great if the source person has been infected recently , when viral burden in blood and semen might be particularly high ( 69,70 ) .
However , ascertaining this in the short time available for nPEP evaluation is rarely possible .
When the HIV status of the source is unknown , it should be determined whether the source is available for HIV testing .
If the risk associated with the exposure is considered substantial , nPEP can be started pending determination of the HIV status of the source and then stopped if the source is determined to be noninfected .
Transmission Risk from the Exposure Although the estimated per-act transmission risk from unprotected exposure to a partner known to be HIV infected is relatively low for different types of exposure ( Table 1 ) , different nonoccupational exposures are associated with different levels of risk ( 71 -- 79 ) .
The highest levels of estimated per-act risk for HIV transmission are associated with blood transfusion , needle sharing by injection - drug users , receptive anal intercourse , and percutaneous needlestick injuries .
Insertive anal intercourse , penile - vaginal exposures , and oral sex represent substantially less per-act risk .
A history should be taken of the specific sexual , injection - drug - - use , or other behaviors that might have led to , or modified , a risk for acquiring HIV infection .
Eliciting a complete description of the exposure and information about the HIV status of the partner (s ) can substantially lower ( e.g. , if the patient was the insertive partner or a condom was used ) or increase ( e.g. , if the partner is known to be HIV - positive ) the estimate of risk for HIV transmission resulting from a specific exposure .
In addition to sexual and injection - drug - - use exposures , percutaneous injuries from needles discarded in public settings ( e.g. , parks and buses ) result in requests for nPEP with a certain frequency .
Although no HIV infections from such injuries have been documented , concern exists that syringes discarded by injection - drug users ( e.g. , for whom the HIV infection rate is higher than that for diabetics ) might pose a substantial risk .
However , these injuries typically involve small - bore needles that contain only limited amounts of blood , and the viability of any virus present is limited .
In a study of syringes used to administer medications to HIV - infected persons , only 3.8 % had detectable HIV RNA ( 72 ) .
In a study of the viability of virus in needles , viable virus was recovered from 8 % at 21 days when the needles had been stored at room temperature ; < 1 % had viable virus after 1 week of storage at higher temperatures ( 73 ) .
Bite injuries represent another potential means of transmitting HIV .
However , HIV transmission by this route has been reported rarely ( 80 - 82 ) .
Transmission might theoretically occur either though biting or receiving a bite from an HIV - infected person .
Biting an HIV - infected person , resulting in a break in the skin , exposes the oral mucous membranes to infected blood ; being bitten by an HIV - infected person exposes nonintact skin to saliva .
Saliva that is contaminated with infected blood poses a substantial exposure risk .
Saliva that is not contaminated with blood contains HIV in much lower titers and constitutes a negligible exposure risk ( 83 ) .
Evaluation for Sexually Transmitted Infections , Hepatitis , and Emergency Contraception Evaluation for sexually transmitted infections is important because these infections might increase the risk for acquiring HIV infection from a sexual exposure .
In 1996 , an estimated 5,042 new HIV infections were attributable to sexually transmitted infection at the time of HIV exposure ( 84 ) .
In addition , any sexual exposure that presents a risk for HIV infection might also place a patient at risk for acquiring other sexually transmitted infections , including hepatitis B. Prophylaxis for sexually transmitted disease , testing for hepatitis , and vaccination for hepatitis B ( for those not immune ) should be considered ( 85 ) .
For women of reproductive capacity who have had genital exposure to semen , the risk for pregnancy also exists .
In these instances , emergency contraception should be discussed with the potentially exposed patient .
Recommendations for Use of Antiretroviral nPEP
A 28 - day course of HAART is recommended for persons who have had nonoccupational exposure to blood , genital secretions , or other potentially infected body fluids of a persons known to be HIV infected when that exposure represents a substantial risk for HIV transmission ( Figure 1 ) and when the person seeks care within 72 hours of exposure .
When indicated , antiretroviral nPEP should be initiated promptly for the best chance of success .
Evidence from animal studies and human observational studies demonstrate that nPEP administered within 48-- 72 hours and continued for 28 days might reduce the risk for acquiring HIV infection after mucosal and other nonoccupational exposures .
The sooner nPEP is administered after exposure , the more likely it is to interrupt transmission .
Because HIV is an incurable transmissible infection that affects the quality and duration of life , HAART should be used to maximally suppress local viral replication that otherwise might occur in the days after exposure and potentially lead to a disseminated , established infection ( 11,86 ) .
One of the HAART combinations recommended for the treatment of persons with established HIV infection should be selected on the basis of adherence , toxicity , and cost considerations ( Tables 2 and 3 ) ( 87,88 ) .
No evidence indicates that any specific antiretroviral medication or combination of medications is optimal for use as nPEP .
However , on the basis of the degree of experience with individual agents in the treatment of HIV - infected persons , certain agents and combinations are preferred .
Preferred regimens include efavirenz and lamivudine or emtricitabine with zidovudine or tenofovir ( as a nonnucleoside - based regimen ) and lopinavir / ritonavir ( coformulated in one tablet as Kaletra® ) and zidovudine with either lamivudine or emtricitabine .
Different alternative regimens are possible ( Table 2 ) .
No evidence indicates that a three - drug HAART regimen is more likely to be effective than a two - drug regimen .
The recommendation for a three - drug HAART regimen is based on the assumption that the maximal suppression of viral replication afforded by HAART ( the goal in treating HIV - infected persons ) will provide the best chance of preventing infection in a person who has been exposed .
Clinicians and patients who are concerned about potential adherence and toxicity issues associated with a three - drug HAART regimen might consider the use of a two - drug regimen ( i.e. , a combination of two reverse transcriptase inhibitors ) .
Regardless of the regimen chosen , the exposed person should be counseled about the potential associated side effects and adverse events that require immediate medical attention .
The use of medications to treat symptoms ( e.g. , antiemetics or antimotility agents ) might improve adherence in certain instances .
Although certain preliminary studies have evaluated the penetration of antiretroviral medications into genital tract secretions and tissues ( 89,90 ) , evidence is insufficient to recommend a specific antiretroviral medication as most effective for nPEP .
In addition , new antiretroviral medications might become available .
As new medications and new information become available , these recommendations will be amended and updated .
When the source - person is available for interview , his or her history of antiretroviral medication use and most recent viral load measurement should be considered when selecting antiretroviral medications for nPEP .
This information might help avoid prescribing antiretroviral medications to which the source - virus is likely to be resistant .
If the source - person is willing , the clinician might consider drawing blood for viral load and resistance testing , the results of which might be useful in modifying the initial nPEP medications if the results can be obtained promptly ( 91 ) .
For persons who have had nonoccupational exposure to potentially infected body fluids of a person of unknown HIV infection status , when that exposure represents a substantial risk for HIV transmission ( Figure 1 ) and when care is sought within 72 hours of exposure , no recommendations are made either for or against the use of antiretroviral nPEP .
Clinicians should evaluate the risk for and benefits of this intervention on a case - by - case basis .
When a source - person is not known to be infected with HIV , the risk for exposure ( and therefore the potential benefit of nPEP ) is unknown .
Prescribing antiretroviral medication in these cases might subject patients to risks that are not balanced with the potential benefit of preventing the acquisition of HIV infection .
Judging whether the balance is appropriate depends entirely on the circumstances of the possible exposure ( i.e. , the risk that the source is HIV infected and the risk for transmission if the source is HIV infected ) and is best determined through discussion between the clinician and the patient .
If the source - person is available for interview , additional information about risk history can be obtained and permission for an HIV test requested to assist in determining the likelihood of HIV exposure .
When available , FDA - approved rapid HIV tests are preferable for obtaining this information as quickly as possible .
These additional factors might assist in the decision whether to start or complete a course of nPEP .
If data to clearly determine risk are not immediately available , clinicians might consider initiating nPEP while further assessments are being made and then stopping it when other information is available ( e.g. , the source - person is determined to be noninfected ) .
For persons whose exposure histories represent no substantial risk for HIV transmission ( Figure 1 ) or who seek care > 72 hours after potential nonoccupational HIV exposure , the use of antiretroviral nPEP is not recommended .
When the risk for HIV transmission is negligible , limited benefit is anticipated from the use of nPEP .
In addition , animal and human study data demonstrate that nPEP is less likely to prevent HIV transmission when initiated > 72 hours after exposure .
Because the risks associated with antiretroviral medications are likely to outweigh the potential benefit of nPEP in these circumstances , nPEP is not recommended for such exposures , regardless of the HIV status of the source .
However , it cannot be concluded on the basis of the available data that nPEP will be completely ineffective when initiated > 72 hours after exposure .
Moreover , data do not indicate an absolute time after exposure beyond which nPEP will not be effective .
When safer and more tolerable drugs are used , the risk - benefit ratio of providing nPEP > 72 hours postexposure is more favorable .
Therefore , clinicians might consider prescribing nPEP after exposures that confer a serious risk for transmission , even if the exposed person seeks care > 72 hours postexposure if , in the clinician 's judgment , the diminished potential benefit of nPEP outweighs the potential risk for adverse events from antiretroviral drugs .
Considerations for All Patients Treated with Antiretroviral nPEP
Use of Starter Packs Patients might be under considerable emotional stress when seeking care after a potential HIV exposure and might not attend to , or retain , all the information relevant to making a decision about nPEP .
Clinicians should give an initial prescription for 3 - - 5 days of medication and schedule a follow - up visit to review the results of baseline HIV testing ( if rapid tests are not used ) , provide additional counseling and support , assess medication side effects and adherence , and provide additional medication if appropriate ( with an altered regimen if indicated by side effects or laboratory test results ) .
Scientific Consultation
When clinicians are not experienced with using HAART or when information from source - persons indicates the possibility of antiretroviral resistance , consultation with infectious disease or other HIV - care specialists , if it is available immediately , might be warranted before prescribing nPEP .
Similarly , when considering prescribing nPEP to pregnant women or children , consultation with obstetricians or pediatricians might be advisable .
However , if such consultation is not immediately available , initiation of nPEP should not be delayed .
An initial nPEP regimen should be started and , if necessary , revised after consultation is obtained .
Patients who seek nPEP might benefit from referral for psychological counseling that helps ease the anxiety about possible HIV exposure , strengthens risk - reduction behaviors , and promotes adherence to nPEP regimens if prescribed .
Facilitating Adherence Adherence to antiretroviral medications can be challenging , even for 28 days .
In addition to common side effects such as nausea and fatigue , each dose reminds the patient of his or her risk for acquiring HIV infection .
Adherence has been reported to be especially poor among sexual assault survivors ( 92-- 96 ) .
Steps to maximize medication adherence include prescribing medications with fewer doses and fewer pills per dose , educating patients about the importance of adherence and about potential side effects , offering ancillary medications for side effects ( e.g. , anti-emetics ) if they occur , and providing access to ongoing encouragement and consultation by phone or office visit .
Follow - up Testing and Care All patients seeking care after HIV exposure should be tested for the presence of HIV antibodies at baseline and at 4 - - 6 weeks , 3 months , and 6 months after exposure to determine whether HIV infection has occurred .
In addition , testing for sexually transmitted diseases , hepatitis B and C , and pregnancy should be offered ( Table 4 ) .
Patients should be instructed about the signs and symptoms associated with acute retroviral infection ( Table 5 ) , especially fever and rash ( 97 ) , and asked to return for evaluation if these occur during or after nPEP .
Acute HIV infection is associated with high viral loads .
However , clinicians should be aware that available assays might yield low viral - load results ( e.g. , < 3,000 ) in noninfected persons .
Such false - positive results can lead to misdiagnosis of HIV infection ( 98 ) .
Transient , low - grade viremia has been observed both in macaques exposed to SIV ( 99 ) and humans exposed to HIV who were administered antiretroviral PEP ( 100 ) and did not become infected .
In certain cases , this outcome might represent aborted infection rather than false - positive test results , but this can be determined only through further study .
For patients with clinical or laboratory evidence of acute HIV infection , continuing antiretroviral therapy for > 28 days might be prudent because such early treatment ( no longer prophylaxis ) might slow the progression of HIV disease ( 101 ) .
Patients with acute HIV infection should be transferred to the care of HIV treatment specialists .
In addition , clinicians who provide nPEP should monitor liver function , renal function , and hematologic parameters as indicated by the prescribing information found in antiretroviral treatment guidelines ( 87,102,103 ) , package inserts , and the Physician 's Desk Reference ( Table 3 ) .
Unusual or severe toxicities from antiretroviral drugs should be reported to the manufacturer or FDA .
HIV Prevention Counseling
The majority of persons who seek care after a possible HIV exposure do so because of failure to initiate or maintain effective risk - reduction behaviors .
Notable exceptions are sexual assault survivors and children with community - acquired needlestick injuries .
Although nPEP might reduce the risk for HIV infection , it is not believed to be 100 % effective .
Therefore , patients should practice protective behaviors with sex partners ( e.g. , abstinence or consistent use of male condoms ) or drug-use partners ( e.g. , avoidance of shared injection equipment ) throughout the course of nPEP to avoid transmission to others if they become infected , and after nPEP to avoid future HIV exposures .
At follow - up visits , clinicians should assess their patients ' needs for behavioral intervention , education , and services .
This assessment should include frank , nonjudgmental questions about sexual behaviors , alcohol use , and illicit drug use .
Clinicians should help patients identify ongoing risk issues and develop plans for improving their use of protective behaviors ( 104 ) .
To help patients obtain indicated interventions and services , clinicians should be aware of local resources for high - quality HIV education and ongoing behavioral risk reduction , counseling and support , inpatient and outpatient alcohol and drug - treatment services , substance / drug abuse treatment programs , family and mental health counseling services , and support programs for HIV - infected persons .
Information about publicly funded HIV prevention programs can be obtained from state or local health departments .
Management of Source Persons
When source - persons are seen during the course of evaluating a patient for potential HIV exposure , clinicians should also assess the source - person 's access to relevant medical care , behavioral intervention , and social support services .
If needed care cannot be provided directly , clinicians should help source - persons obtain care in the community .
If a new diagnosis of HIV infection is made or evidence of other sexually transmitted infection is identified , the patient should be assisted in notifying their sexual and drug-use contacts .
Assistance with confidential partner notification ( without revealing the patient 's identity ) is available through local health departments .
Reporting and Confidentiality Because of the emotional , social , and potential financial consequences of possible HIV infection , clinicians should handle nPEP evaluations with the highest level of confidentiality .
Confidential reporting of sexually transmitted infections and newly diagnosed HIV infections to health departments should take place as dictated by local law and regulations .
For cases of sexual assault , clinicians should document their findings and assist patients with notifying local authorities .
HIV test results should be recorded separately from the findings of the sexual assault examination to protect patients ' confidentiality in the event that medical records are later released for legal proceedings .
Certain states and localities have special programs to provide reimbursement for medical therapy , including antiretroviral medication after sexual assault , and these areas might have specific reporting requirements .
When the sexual abuse of a child is suspected or documented , the clinician should report it in compliance with state and local law and regulations .
Considerations for Vulnerable Populations Pregnant Women and Women of Childbearing Potential Considerable experience has been gained in recent years in the safe and appropriate use of antiretroviral medications during pregnancy , either for the benefit of the HIV - infected woman 's health or to prevent transmission to newborns .
To facilitate the selection of antiretroviral medications likely to be both effective and safe for the developing fetus , clinicians should consult DHHS guidelines ( 102 ) before prescribing nPEP for a woman who is or might be pregnant .
Because of potential teratogenicity , efavirenz should not be used in any nPEP regimen during pregnancy or among women of childbearing age at risk for becoming pregnant during the course of antiretroviral prophylaxis ( Table 3 ) .
A protease inhibitor - or nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor - based regimen should be considered in these circumstances .
When efavirenz is prescribed to women of childbearing potential , they should be instructed about the need to avoid pregnancy .
Because the effect of efavirenz on hormonal contraception is unknown , women using such contraception should be informed of the need to use an additional method ( e.g. , barrier contraception ) .
In addition , because of reports of maternal and fetal mortality attributed to lactic acidosis associated with prolonged use of d4T in combination with ddI in HIV - infected pregnant women , this combination is not recommended for use in an nPEP regimen ( 105 ) .
Children Potential HIV exposures in children occur most often by accident ( e.g. , needlesticks in the community , fights , or playground incidents resulting in bleeding by an HIV - infected child ) or by sexual abuse or assaults ( 106 ) .
In a review of charts from 1 year in the pediatric emergency department of one hospital , 10 children considered for nPEP were identified ( six because of sexual assault and four because of needlestick injury ) .
Eight began taking nPEP , but only two completed the 4 - week course ( 63,107 ) .
An analysis of 9,136 reported acquired immunodeficiency syndrome cases in children identified 26 who were sexually abused with confirmed or suspected exposure to HIV infection ( 108 ) .
The American Academy of Pediatrics has issued nPEP guidelines for pediatric patients ( 109 ) .
In addition , DHHS pediatric antiretroviral treatment guidelines ( 103 ) provide information about the use of antiretroviral agents in children .
For young children who cannot swallow capsules or tablets and to ensure appropriate dosing for drugs that do not have capsule / tablet formulations that allow pediatric dosing , drugs for which pediatric formulations are available might need to be prescribed ( Table 3 ) .
Adherence to the prescribed medications will depend on the involvement of , and support provided to , parents or guardians .
Sexual Assault Survivors
Use of nPEP for sexual assault survivors has been widely encouraged both in the United States and elsewhere ( 56 , 94,110,111 ) .
Sexual assault is relatively common among women : 13 % of a national sample of adult women reported having ever been raped ( 60 % before age 18 ) , and 5 % reported having been raped more than once ( 112 ) .
Sexual assault is not uncommon among men .
In one series from an emergency department , 5 % of reported rapes involved men sexually assaulted by men ( 113 ) .
Males accounted for 11.6 % of rapes reported among persons aged > 12 years who responded to the National Crime Victimization Survey in 1999 ( 114 ) .
However , only three documented cases of HIV infection resulting from sexual assault have been published ( 94,115,116 ) .
In observational studies , HIV infections have been temporally associated with sexual assault ( Personal communication , A. Wulfsohn , MD , Sunninghill Hospital , Gauteng , South Africa ) .
Studies have examined HIV infection rates for sexual assailants ( 117,118 ) .
The largest of these , an evaluation of men incarcerated in Rhode Island , determined that 1 % of those convicted of sexual assault were HIV infected when they entered prison , compared with 3 % of all prisoners and 0.3 % of the general male population ( 119 ) .
Sexual assault typically has multiple characteristics that increase the risk for HIV transmission if the assailant is infected .
In one prospective study of 1,076 sexual assault cases , 20 % were attacked by multiple assailants , 39 % were assaulted by strangers , 83 % of females were vaginally penetrated , and 17 % overall were sodomized .
Genital trauma was documented in 53 % of those assaulted , and sperm or semen was detected in 48 % ( 120 ) .
In another study , in which toluidine blue dye was used as an adjunct to naked - eye examination , 40 % of assaulted women ( 70 % of nulliparas ) had detectable vaginal lacerations , compared with 5 % of women examined after consensual sex ( 121 ) .
Despite these risks and the establishment of multidisciplinary support services , sexual assault survivors often decline nPEP , and many who do take it do not complete the 28 - day course .
This pattern has been reported in several countries and several programs in North America .
In Vancouver , 71 of 258 assault survivors accepted the 5 - day starter pack of nPEP , 29 returned for additional doses , and eight completed 4 weeks of therapy ( 96 ) .
Those with the highest risk for HIV exposure ( i.e. , source known to be HIV infected , a homosexual or bisexual man , or an injection - drug user ) were more likely to begin and complete nPEP .
Patients who have been sexually assaulted will benefit from supportive services to improve adherence to nPEP if it is prescribed , and from psychological and other support provided by sexual assault crisis centers .
All sexually assaulted patients should be tested and administered prophylaxis for sexually transmitted infections ( 85 ) , and women who might become pregnant should be offered emergency contraception ( 122 ) .
Inmates Certain illegal behaviors that result in imprisonment ( e.g. , prostitution and injection - drug use ) also might be associated with a higher prevalence of HIV infection among prison inmates than among the general population ( 119 ) .
However , studies indicate that the risk for becoming infected in prison is probably less than the risk outside prison ( 122--125 ) .
However , when exposure does occur , because sexual contact and injection - drug use are prohibited in jails and prisons , prisoners who have experienced such exposures might be unable or unwilling to report the behaviors to health - care providers .
Administrators and health - care providers working in correctional settings should develop and implement systems to make HIV education and risk - reduction counseling , nPEP , voluntary HIV testing , and HIV care confidentially available to inmates .
Such programs will allow inmates to benefit from nPEP when indicated , facilitate treatment services for those with drug addiction , and assist in the identification and treatment of sexual assault survivors .
Injection - Drug Users
A history of injection - drug use should not deter clinicians from prescribing nPEP if the exposure provides an opportunity to reduce the risk for consequent HIV infection .
A survey of clinicians serving injection - drug users determined a high degree of willingness to provide nPEP after different types of potential HIV exposure ( 126 ) .
In judging whether exposures are isolated , episodic , or ongoing , clinicians should consider that persons who continue to engage in risk behaviors ( e.g. , commercial sex workers or users of illicit drugs ) might be practicing risk reduction ( e.g. , using condoms with every client , not sharing syringes , and using a new sterile syringe for each injection ) .
Therefore , a high - risk exposure might represent an exceptional occurrence for such persons despite their ongoing risk behavior .
Injection - drug users should be assessed for their interest in substance abuse treatment and their knowledge and use of safe injection and sex practices .
Patients desiring substance abuse treatment should be referred for such treatment .
Persons who continue to inject or who are at risk for relapse to injection - drug use should be instructed in the use of a new sterile syringe for each injection and the importance of avoiding the sharing of injection equipment .
In areas where programs are available , health - care providers should refer such patients to appropriate sources of sterile injection equipment .
Conclusion Accumulated data from animal and human clinical and observational studies demonstrate that antiretroviral therapy initiated as soon as possible within 48 -- 72 hours of sexual , injection - drug --use , and other substantial nonoccupational HIV exposure and continued for 28 days might reduce the likelihood of transmission .
Because of these findings , DHHS recommends the prompt initiation of nPEP with HAART when persons seek care within 72 hours after exposure , the source is known to be HIV infected , and the exposure event presents a substantial risk for transmission .
When the HIV status of the source is not known and the patient seeks care within 72 hours after exposure , DHHS does not recommend for or against nPEP but encourages clinicians and patients to weigh the risks and benefits on a case - by - case basis .
When the transmission risk is negligible or when patients seek care > 72 hours after a substantial exposure , nPEP is not recommended ; however , clinicians might consider prescribing nPEP for patients who seek care > 72 hours after a substantial exposure if , in their judgment , the diminished potential benefit of nPEP outweighs the potential risk for adverse events from antiretroviral medications .
These recommendations are intended for the United States and might not apply in other countries .
*
In this report , a nonoccupational exposure is any direct mucosal , percutaneous , or intravenous contact with potentially infectious body fluids that occurs outside perinatal or occupational situations ( e.g. , health - care , sanitation , public safety , or laboratory employment ) .
Potentially infectious body fluids are blood , semen , vaginal secretions , rectal secretions , breast milk or other body fluid that is contaminated with visible blood .

Information included in these recommendations might not represent Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) approval or approved labeling for the particular products or indications in question .
Specifically , the terms safe and effective might not be synonymous with the FDA - defined legal standards for product approval .
References CDC .
Management of possible sexual , injecting - drug-use , or other nonoccupational exposure to HIV , including considerations related to antiretroviral therapy : Public Health Service statement .
MMWR 1998 ; 47 ( No. RR - 17 ) .
Stevens L ; New York State Department of Health , New York AIDS Institute .
Sexual assault post exposure : putting policy into action .
HIV Medical Alert 2001 ; 5:1- - 7 . Commonwealth of Massachusetts Department of Public Health .
Clinical Advisory : HIV prophylaxis for non-occupational exposures .
2000 .
Available at http://www.mass.gov/dph/aids/guidelines/ca_expo sure_nonwork.htm .
California Department of Health Services .
Offering HIV prophylaxis following sexual assault : recommendations for the State of California .
Available at http://www.dhs.ca.gov/ps/ooa/reports/PDF/HIVProphylaxisFollowingSexualAssault.pdf.
British Columbia Centre for Excellence in HIV / AIDS .
Management of accidental exposure to HIV .
Available at
http://cfeweb.hivnet.ubc.ca/guide/open.html.
Merchant RC , Mayer KH , Browning CA .
Nonoccupational HIV post - exposure prophylaxis : guidelines for Rhode Island from the Brown University AIDS Program and the RI Department of Health .
Med Health RI 2002;85:244--8 . Black RJ .
Animal studies of prophylaxis .
Am J Med 1997 ; 102:39 -- 44 .
Tsai CC , Emau P , Follis KE , et al .
Effectiveness of postinoculation ( R ) -9-( 2- phosphonylmethoxypropyl ) adenine treatment for prevention of persistent simian immunodeficiency virus SIV mne infection depends critically on timing of initiation and duration of treatment .
J Virol 1998;72:4265--73 .
Le Grand R , Vaslin B , Larghero J , et al .
Post - exposure prophylaxis with highly active antiretroviral therapy could not protect macaques from infection with SIV / HIV chimera .
AIDS 2000 ; 14:1864 -- 6 . Otten RA , Smith DK , Adams DR , et al .
Efficacy of postexposure prophylaxis after intravaginal exposure of pig- tailed macaques to a human - derived retrovirus ( human immunodeficiency virus type 2 ) .
J Virol 2000 ;74:9771 -- 5 . Spira AI , Marx PA , Patterson BK , et al .
Cellular targets of infection and route of viral dissemination after an intravaginal inoculation of simian immunodeficiency virus into rhesus macaques .
J Exp Med 1996;183:215--25 . Hu J , Gardner MB , Miller CJ .
Simian immunodeficiency virus rapidly penetrates the cervicovaginal mucosa after intravaginal inoculation and infects intrepithelial dendritic cells .
J Virol 2000 ;74:6087--95 .
Sperling RS , Shapiro DE , Coombs RW , et al .
Maternal viral load , zidovudine treatment , and the risk of transmission of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 from mother to infant .
N Engl J Med 1996;335:1621 -- 9 . Shaffer N , Chuachoowong R , Mock PA , et al .
Short - course zidovudine for perinatal HIV - 1 transmission in Bangkok , Thailand : a randomised controlled trial .
Lancet 1999;353:773--80 .
Guay LA , Musoke P , Fleming T , et al .
Intrapartum and neonatal single - dose nevirapine compared with zidovudine for prevention of mother - to - child transmission of HIV - 1 in Kampala , Uganda : HIVNET 012 randomised trial .
Lancet 1999;354:795--802 .
Moodley D , Moodley J , Coovadia H , et al .
A multicenter randomized controlled trial of nevirapine versus a combination of zidovudine and lamivudine to reduce intrapartum and early postpartum mother - to - child transmission of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 . J Infect Dis 2003 ;187:725--35 .
Taha TE , Kumwenda NI , Gibbons A , et al .
Short postexposure prophylaxis in newborn babies to reduce mother - to - child transmission of HIV - 1 : NVAZ ransomised clinical trial .
Lancet 2003;362 ( 9391 ) : 1171 --7 Wiktor SZ , Ekpini E , Karon JM , et al .
Short - course oral zidovudine for prevention of mother - child transmission of HIV - 1 in Abidjan , Cote d'Ivoire : a randomized trial .
Lancet 1999;353:781--5 . Wade NA , Birkhead GS , Warren BL , et al .
Abbreviated regimens of zidovudine prophylaxis and perinatal transmission of the human immunodeficiency virus .
N Engl J Med 1998;339:1409 -- 14 .
Bulterys M , Orloff S , Abrams E , et al .
Impact of zidovudine post- perinatal exposure prophylaxis on vertical HIV - 1 transmission : a prospective cohort study in 4 U.S. cities [ abstract ] .
Presented at the 2nd International Conference on Global Strategies for the Prevention of HIV Transmission from Mothers to Infants , Montreal , Canada , September 1999 .
Cardo DM , Culver DH , Ciesielski CA , et al .
A case - control study of HIV seroconversion in health care workers after percutaneous exposure .
N Engl J Med 1997;337:1485--90 .
Harrison LH , Do Lago RF , Moreira RI , Mendelsohn AB , Schechter Ml. Post - sexual - exposure chemoprophylaxis ( PEP ) for HIV : a prospective cohort study of behavioral impact [ Abstract 225 ] .
Presented at the 8th Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections , Chicago , Illinois , February 4 - - 8 , 2001 .
Harrison LH , Do Lago RF , Moreira RI , Schechter M. Demand for post - sexual - exposure chemoprophylaxis for the prevention of HIV infection in Brazil [ abstract 492 ] .
Presented at the 7th Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections , San Francisco , California , January 30 -- February 2 , 2000 .
Schechter M , Do Lago RF , Mendelsohn AB , et al .
Behavioral impact , acceptability , and HIV incidence among homosexual men with access to postexposure chemoprophylaxis for HIV .
JAIDS 2004;35:519 -- 25 .
Drezett J. Post - exposure prophylaxis in raped women .
In : IV International Conference on HIV infection in women and children .
Rio de Janeiro : Livro de Resumos .
Universidade , Federal do Rio De Janeiro e Institute of Virology of Maryland ; 2002 .
Kahn JO , Martin JN , Roland ME , et al .
Feasibility of postexposure prophylaxis ( PEP ) against human immunodeficiency virus infection after sexual or injection drug use exposure : the San Francisco PEP Study .
J Infect Dis 2001 ; 183:707--14 .
Braitstein P , Chan K. , Beardsell A. , et al .
Side effects associated with post - exposure prophylaxis in a population based setting [ Abstract 153 ] .
Presented at the 1st IAS Conference on Pathogenesis and Treatment , Buenos Aires , Argentina , July 9-- 11 , 2001 .
Available at http://www.ias.se/abstract/show.asp?abstract_id=153.
Katzenstein TL , Dickmeiss E , Aladdin H , et al .
Failure to develop HIV infection after receipt of HIV - contaminated blood and postexposure prophylaxis .
Ann Intern Med 2000 ; 133:31 -- 4 . Bloch M , Carr A , Vasak E , Cunningham P , Smith D , Smith D. The use of human immunodeficiency virus postexposure prophylaxis after successful artificial insemination .
Am J Obstet Gynecol 1999;181:760--1. Martin JN , Roland ME , Bamberger JD , et al .
Post - exposure prophylaxis ( PEP ) for sexual exposure to HIV does not lead to increases in high risk behavior : the San Francisco PEP Project [ Abstract 224 ] .
Presented at the 8th Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections , Chicago , Illinois , February 4 - - 8 , 2001 .
Kwong J , Mayer K , LaSalvia T , et al .
Non-occupational HIV post exposure prophylaxis at a Boston community health center [ Abstract 362 ] .
Presented at the National HIV Prevention Conference , Atlanta , Georgia , August 29 -- September 1,1999 .
Schechter M , Lago R , Moreira R , Mendelsohn A , Harrison L. Behavioral impact of the availability of post - sexual - exposure chemoprophylaxis ( PEP ) for HIV : a prospective cohort study [ abstract 154 ] .
Presented at the 1st IAS Conference on Pathogenesis and Treatment , Buenos Aires , Argentina , July 9-- 11 , 2001 .
Available at http://www.ias.se/abstract/show.asp?abstract_id=154.
Waldo CR , Stall RD , Coates TJ .
Is offering post - exposure prevention for sexual exposures to HIV related to sexual risk behavior in gay men ?
AIDS 2000 ; 14:1035 -- 9 . Van der Straten A , Gomez CA , Saul J , Padian N. Awareness of PEP and viral suppressive therapy have little effect on sexual risk behavior in heterosexual HIV - discordant couples [ Abstract ] .
Presented at the XII International Conference on AIDS , Geneva , Switzerland , June 28 -- July 3 , 1998 .
Wang SA , Panlilio AL , Doi PA , White AD , Stek M Jr , Saah A ; HIV PEP Registry Group .
Experience of healthcare workers taking postexposure prophylaxis after occupational HIV exposures : findings of the HIV Postexposure Prophylaxis Registry .
Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2000 ;21:780--5 . Grohskopf LA , Smith DK , Kunches LK , et al .
Surveillance of post - exposure prophylaxis for non-occupational HIV exposures through the U.S. national registry [ Abstract MoOrD1107 ] .
Presented at the XIV International Conference on AIDS , Barcelona , Spain , July 7-- 12 , 2002 .
CDC .
Serious adverse events attributed to nevirapine regimens for postexposure prophylaxis after HIV exposures -- worldwide , 1997 -- 2000 .
MMWR 2001;49:1153 --6. CDC .
Updated U.S. Public Health Service guidelines for the management of occupational exposures to HBV , HCV , and HIV and recommendations for postexposure prophylaxis .
MMWR 2001;50 ( No. RR - 11 ) .
Fournier S , Maillard A , Molina JM .
Failure of postexposure prophylaxis after sexual exposure to HIV .
AIDS 2001 ; 15:430 .
Beltrami EM , Luo C- C , De La Torre N , Cardo DM .
Transmission of a drug- resistant HIV after an occupational exposure despite postexposure prophylaxis with a combination drug regimen .
Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2002;23:345--8 . Pinkerton SD , Holtgrave DR .
Prophylaxis after sexual exposure to HIV [ Letter ] .
Ann Intern Med 1998 ;129:671 . Pinkerton SD , Holtgrave DR , Bloom FR .
Postexposure treatment of HIV [ Letter ] .
N Engl J Med 1997;337:500--1 . Hamers FF , Lot F , Larsen C , Laporte , A. Cost - effectiveness of prophylaxis following non-occupational exposure to HIV infection in France [ Abstract 230 ] .
Presented at the 8th Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections , Chicago , Illinois , February 2 - - 4 , 2001 .
Braitstein P , Chan K , Beardsell A , et al .
How much is it worth ?
Actual versus expected costs of a population - based post - exposure prophylaxis program [ Abstract 153 ] .
Presented at the 1st IAS Conference on Pathogenesis and Treatment , Buenos Aires , Argentina , July 9-- 11 , 2001 .
Pinkerton SD , Holtgrave DR , Kahn JG .
Is post - exposure prophylaxis affordable ?
[ Letter ] AIDS 2000 ; 14:325 .
Stone E , Heagerty P , Vittinghoff E , et al .
Correlates of condom failure in a sexually active cohort of men who have sex with men .
J Acquir Immune Defic Syndr Hum Retrovirol 1999;20:495--501 . Huebner DM , Gerend MA .
The relationship between beliefs about drug treatments for HIV and sexual risk behavior in gay and bisexual men .
Ann Behav Med 2001 ;23:304--12 .
Suarez TP , Kelly JA , Pinkerton SD , et al .
Influence of a partner 's HIV serostatus , use of highly active antiretroviral therapy , and viral load on perceptions of sexual risk behavior in a community sample of men who have sex with men .
J Acquir Immune Defic Syndr 2001;28:471--7 . Vlahov D , Safaien M , Lai S , et al .
Sexual and drug risk - related behaviors after initiating highly active antiretroviral therapy among injection drug users .
AIDS 2001 ;15:2311 -- 6 . Stolte IG , Dukers NH , deWit JB , Fennema JS , Coutinho RAl .
Increase in sexually transmitted infections among homosexual men in Amsterdam in relation to HAART .
Sex Transm Infect 2001;77:184--6 . Scheer S , Chu PL , Klausner JD , Katz MH , Schwarcz SK .
Effect of highly active antiretroviral therapy on diagnoses of sexually transmitted diseases in people with AIDS .
Lancet 2001;357:432--5. Katz MH , Gerberding JL .
The care of persons with recent sexual exposure to HIV .
Ann Intern Med 1998 ;128:306--12 . Katz MH , Gerberding JL .
Postexposure treatment of people exposed to the human immunodeficiency virus through sexual contact or injection - drug use .
N Engl J Med 1997;336:1097--100 .
Gerberding JL , Katz MH. Post - exposure prophylaxis for HIV [ review ] .
Adv Exp Med Biol 1999;458:213--22 .
Mayer KH , Kwong J , Singal R , Boswell S. Non-occupational postexposure HIV prophylaxis : clinical issues and public health questions .
Med Health R I 2000 ; 83:210-- 3 . Lurie P , Miller S , Hecht F , Chesney M , Lo B. Postexposure prophylaxis after nonoccupational HIV exposure : clinical , ethical , and policy considerations .
JAMA 1998;280:1769 --73 .
Desmond NM , Coker RJ .
Should preventive antiretroviral treatment be offered following sexual exposure to HIV ?
The case for .
Sex Transm Infect 1998 ;74:144--5 . Desmond NM , King EC , Dawson SG .
Sexual exposure to HIV infection : is there a role for emergency prophylaxis ?
Int J STD AIDS 1998 ; 9:51 - - 2. Mackie NE , Coker RJ .
Post - exposure prophylaxis following non-occupational exposure to HIV : risks , uncertainties , and ethics .
Int J STD AIDS 2000 ; 11:424-- 7 . Evans B , Darbyshire J , Cartledge J. Should preventive antiretroviral treatment be offered following sexual exposure to HIV ?
Not yet !
Sex Transm Infect 1998;74:146--8 . Merchant RC .
Post - exposure prophylaxis affordability : a clearer reality .
AIDS 2001 ; 15:541-- 2. Kunches LM , Meehan TM , Boutwell RC , McGuire JF .
Survey of nonoccupational HIV postexposure prophylaxis in hospital emergency departments .
J Acquir Immune Defic Syndr 2001;26:263--5 . Mayer KH , Kwong J , Church D , et al .
HIV prophylaxis after non-occupational exposure in Massachusetts [ abstract 220 ] .
Presented at the National HIV Prevention Conference , Atlanta , Georgia , August 29 -- September 1,1999 .
Babl FE , Cooper ER , Kastner B , Kharasch S. Prophylaxis against possible human immunodeficiency virus exposure after nonoccupational needlestick injuries or sexual assaults in children and adolescents .
Arch Pediatr Adolesc Med 2001;155:680--2 . Rey D , Bendiane M-K , Moatti J- P , Wellings K , Danziger R , MacDowall W ; European Study Group on HIV Testing Policies and Practices in Europe .
Post - exposure prophylaxis after occupational and non-occupational exposures to HIV : an overview of the policies implemented in European countries .
AIDS Care 2000 ; 12:695--701 .
Gross M , Holte S , Seage GR III , Buchbinder SP , Metzger DS , Mayer KH .
Feasibility of chemoprophylaxis studies in high risk HIV - seronegative populations .
AIDS Educ Prev 2000 ; 12:71 -- 8. Kalichman SC .
Post - exposure prophylaxis for HIV infection in gay and bisexual men : implications for the future of HIV prevention .
Am J Prev Med 1998 ; 15:120-- 7 . Ackers ML , Buchbinder S , McKirnan D , et al .
Post - exposure prophylaxis among HIV - uninfected participants in a phase III HIV vaccine efficacy trial [ abstract WePpD2105 ] .
Presented at the XIV International Conference on AIDS , Barcelona , Spain , July 7-- 12 , 2002 .
Pilcher CD , Eron JJ Jr , Vernazza PL , et al .
Sexual transmission during the incubation period of primary HIV infection .
JAMA 2001;286:1713 -- 4. Chakraborty H , Sen PK , Helms RW , et al .
Viral burden in genital secretions determines male - to - female sexual transmission of HIV - 1 : a probabilistic empiric model .
AIDS 2001 ; 15:621-- 7 . Royce RA , Sena A , Cates W , Cohen MS. Sexual transmission of HIV .
N Engl J Med 1997;336:1072 -- 8 . Rich JD , Dickinson BP , Carney JM , Fisher A , Heimer R. Detection of HIV - 1 nucleic acid and HIV - 1 antibodies in needles and syringes used for non-intravenous injection .
AIDS 1998 ;12:2345--50 .
Abdala N , Reyes R , Carney JM , Heimer R. Survival of HIV - 1 in syringes : effects of temperature during storage .
Subst Use Misuse 2000 ;35:1369 --83 .
Donegan E , Stuart M , Niland JC , et al .
Infection with human immunodeficiency virus type 1 ( HIV - 1 ) among recipients of antibody -- positive blood donations .
Ann Intern Med 1990 ; 113:733--9 . Kaplan EH , Heimer R. HIV incidence among New Haven needle exchange participants : updated estimates from syringe tracking and testing data .
J Acquir Immune Defic Syndr 1995 ; 10:175--6 . European Study Group on Heterosexual Transmission of HIV .
Comparison of female to male and male to female transmission of HIV in 563 stable couples .
BMJ 1992;304:809--13 .
Varghese B , Maher JE , Peterman TA , Branson BM , Steketee RW .
Reducing the risk of sexual HIV transmission : quantifying the per-act risk for HIV on the basis of choice of partner , sex act , and condom use .
Sex Transm Dis 2002;29:38 -- 43 .
Bell DM .
Occupational risk of human immunodeficiency virus infection in healthcare workers : an overview .
Am J Med 1997 ; 102:9-- 15 .
Leynaert B , Downs AM , De Vincenzi I ; European Study Group on Heterosexual Transmission of HIV .
Heterosexual transmission of HIV : variability of infectivity throughout the course of infection .
Am J Epidemiol 1998 ;148:88 -- 96 .
Wahn V , Kramer HH , Voit T , Bruster HT , Scrampical B , Scheid A. A horizontal transmission of HIV infection between two siblings .
Lancet 1986 ;2:694 .
Anonymous .
Transmission of HIV by a human bite .
Lancet 1987 ; 2:522 . Vidmar L , Poljak M , Tomazic J , Seme K , Klavs I. Transmission of HIV - 1 by a human bite .
Lancet 1996;347:1762 . Richman KM , Rickman LS .
The potential for transmission of human immunodeficiency virus through human bites .
J Acquir Immune Defic Syndr 1993;6:402-- 6 . Chesson HW , Pinkerton SD .
Sexually transmitted diseases and the increased risk for HIV transmission : implications for cost - effectiveness analyses of sexually transmitted disease prevention interventions .
J Acquir Immune Defic Syndr 2000 ;24:48--56 . CDC .
Sexually transmitted diseases guidelines , 2002 .
MMWR 2002 ; 51 ( No. RR - 6 ) .
Schacker T , Collier AC , Hughes J , Shea T , Corey L. Clinical and epidemiologic features of primary HIV infection .
Ann Intern Med 1996;125:257--64 . U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation .
Guidelines for the use of antiretroviral agents in HIV - infected adults and adolescents .
Available at http://www.aidsinfo.nih.gov/guidelines/default_db2.asp?id=50.
HIV drugs .
Excerpt from Chapter 3 , HIV Infection and its Treatment .
In : Bartlett JG , Finkbeiner AK .
The guide to living with HIV infection ( fifth edition ) .
Baltimore , MD : The Johns Hopkins University Press ; 2001 .
Available at http://www.thebody.com/jh/bartlett/drugs.html.
Chaudry NI , Eron JJ , Naderer OJ , et al .
Effects of formulation and dosing strategy on amprenavir concentrations in the seminal plasma of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 - infected men .
Clin Infect Dis 2002;35:760-- 2. Reddy YS , Gotzkowsky SK , Eron JJ , et al .
Pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic investigation of efavirenz in the semen and blood of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 - infected men .
J Infect Dis 2002 ;186:1339 --43 .
Hirsch MS , Brun-Vézinet F , D'Aquila RT , et al .
Antiretroviral drug resistance testing in adult HIV - 1 infection : recommendations of an International AIDS Society -- USA Panel .
JAMA 2000 ;283:2417 --26 .
Opio G , Torres R , Alvalle R. Post - sexual exposure prophylaxis ( PSEP ) with HAART after sexual assault [ abstract ] .
Presented at the XII International Conference on AIDS , Geneva , Switzerland , June 28 -- July 3 , 1998 ; 12:626--7 .
Bamberger JD , Waldo CR , Gerberding JL , Katz MH .
Postexposure prophylaxis for human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) infection following sexual assault .
Am J Med 1999 ; 106:323--6 . Claydon E , Murphy S , Osborne EM , Kitchen V , Smith JR , Harris JRW .
Rape and HIV .
Int J STD AIDS 1991;2:200 - - 1. Klemens S , Avery L , Weaver G , Wong C , Sable N Sr. HIV prophylaxis following sexual assault : experience with 30 survivors [ Abstract 736 ] .
Presented at the 39th Annual Meeting of the Infectious Diseases Society of America , San Francisco , California , October 25 -- 28 , 2001 .
Wiebe ER , Comay SE , McGregor M , Ducceschi S. Offering HIV prophylaxis to people who have been sexually assaulted : 16 months ' experience in a sexual assault service .
CMAJ 2000 ; 162:641--5 . Hecht FM , Busch MP , Rawal B , et al .
Use of laboratory tests and clinical symptoms for identification of primary HIV infection .
AIDS 2002 ;16:1119 -- 29 .
Rich JD , Merriman NA , Mylonakis E , et al .
Misdiagnosis of HIV infection by HIV - 1 plasma viral load testing : a case series .
Ann Intern Med 1999 ; 130:37 -- 9 . Van Rompay KK , Marthas ML , Lifson JD , et al.
Administration of 9 - [ 2 -( phosphonomethoxy ) propyl ] adenine ( PMPA ) for prevention of perinatal simian immunodeficiency virus infection in rhesus macaques .
AIDS Res Hum Retroviruses 1998 ; 14:761--73 .
Puro V , Calcagno G , Anselmo M , et al .
Transient detection of plasma HIV - 1 RNA during postexposure prophylaxis .
Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2000 ;21:529--31 .
Berrey MM , Schacker T , Collier AC , et al .
Treatment of primary human immunodeficiency virus type 1 infection with potent antiretroviral therapy reduces frequency of rapid progression to AIDS .
J Infect Dis 2001 ;183:1466--75 . U.S. Department of Health and Human Services .
Public Health Service Task Force recommendations for the use of antiretroviral drugs in pregnant HIV - 1 infected women for maternal health and interventions to reduce perinatal HIV - 1 transmission in the United States .
Available at http://www.aidsinfo.nih.gov/guidelines/default_db2.asp?id=66.
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services .
Guidelines for the use of antiretroviral agents in pediatric HIV - infection .
Available at http://www.aidsinfo.nih.gov/guidelines/default_db2.asp?id=51.
Peterson J , Di Clemente R , eds .
The handbook of HIV prevention .
New York : Kluwer Academic / Plenum , 2000 .
U.S. Food and Drug Administration .
FDA / Bristol Myers Squibb issues caution for HIV combination therapy with Zerit and Videx in pregnant women .
Rockville , MD : U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ; 2001 .
Available at http://www.fda.gov/bbs/topics/ANSWERS/2001/ANS01063.html.
Nourse CB , Charles CA , McKay M , Keenan P , Butler KM .
Childhood needlestick injuries in the Dublin metropolitan area .
Ir Med J 1997;90:66 - - 9 . Babl FE , Cooper ER , Damon B , Louie T , Kharasch S , Harris JA . HIV postexposure prophylaxis for children and adolescents .
Am J Emerg Med 2000 ; 18:282--7 . Lindegren ML , Hanson IC , Hammett TA , Beil J , Fleming PL , Ward JW .
Sexual abuse of children : intersection with the HIV epidemic .
Pediatrics 1998 ; 102:46 .
Havens PL , Committee on Pediatric AIDS .
Postexposure prophylaxis in children and adolescents for nonoccupational exposure to human immunodeficiency virus .
Pediatrics 2003;111:1475--89 .
Myles JE , Hirozawa A , Katz MH , Kimmerling R , Bamberger JD. Postexposure prophylaxis for HIV after sexual assault .
JAMA 2000 ;284:1516 -- 8 . Fong C. Post - exposure prophylaxis for HIV infection after sexual assault : when is it indicated ?
Emerg Med J 2001 ; 18:242--5. Kilpatrick DG , Edmunds CN , Seymour AK .
Rape in America : a report to the nation .
Arlington , VA : National Crime Victims Research and Treatment Center and Medical University of South Carolina ; 1992 .
Lipscomb GH , Muram D , Speck PM , Mercer BM .
Male victims of sexual assault .
JAMA 1992;267:3064 --6 . U.S. Department of Justice .
National Crime Victimization Survey : criminal victimization in United States , 1999 statistical tables .
Available at http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/pdf/cvus99.pdf.
Albert J , Wahlberg J , Leitner T , Escanilla D , Uhlen M. Analysis of a rape case by direct sequencing of the human immunodeficiency virus type I pol and gag genes .
J Virol 1994;68:5918 -- 24 .
Murphy S , Kitchen V , Harris JR , Forster SM .
Rape and subsequent seroconversion to HIV .
BMJ 1989;299:718 . Larkin H , Cosby C , Petti L , Paolinetti L , Harada N.
The seroprevalence of HIV and other viral STDs in sexual assault suspects and survivors [ Abstract ] .
Presented at the XII International Conference on AIDS , Geneva , Switzerland , June 28 -- July 3 , 1998 ; 12:605 .
DiGiovanni C , Berlin F , Casterella P , Redfield R , Hiken M , Falck A. Prevalence of HIV antibody among a group of paraphilic sex offenders [ Abstract ] .
Presented at the VI International Conference on AIDS , San Francisco , California , June 20--24,1990 ;6:348 .
Spaulding A , Salas C , Cleaver D , et al .
HIV seroprevalence in male sexual offenders in Rhode Island : implications for post - exposure prophylaxis [ Abstract ] .
Presented at the 8th Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections , Chicago , Illinois , February 2 - - 4 , 2001 .
Riggs N , Houry D , Long G , Markovchick V , Feldhaus KM . Analysis of 1,076 cases of sexual assault .
Ann Emerg Med 2000 ; 35:358--62 . Lauber AA , Souma ML .
Use of toluidine blue for documentation of traumatic intercourse .
Obstet Gynecol 1982;60:644--8 . Trussel K , Koenig J , Ellertson C , Stewart F. Preventing unintended pregnancy : the cost - effectiveness of three methods of emergency contraception .
Am J Public Health 1997 ; 87:932-- 7 .
Wohl AR , Johnson D , Jordan W , et al .
High - risk behaviors during incarceration in African - American men treated for HIV at three Los Angeles public medical centers .
J Acquir Immune Defic Syndr 2000 ;24:386--92 .
Mutter RC , Grimes RM , Labarthe D. Evidence of intraprison spread of HIV infection .
Arch Intern Med 1994;154:793--5 . Brewer TF , Vlahov D , Taylor E , Hall D , Munoz A , Polk BF .
Transmission of HIV - 1 within a statewide prison system .
AIDS 1988 ; 2:363-- 7 . O'Connor PG .
HIV post - exposure therapy for drug users in treatment .
J Subst Abuse Treat 2000 ; 18:17 -- 21 . PHS Working Group on Nonoccupational Postexposure Prophylaxis : Alan E. Greenberg , Lisa A. Grohskopf , Lynn A Paxton , Ida M. Onorato , Dawn K. Smith , Division of HIV / AIDS Prevention , National Center for HIV , STD , and TB Prevention , CDC ; Harry Haverkos , Kimberly A. Struble , Center for Drug Evaluation and Research , FDA ; Laura Cheever , Michael Johnson , HIV / AIDS Bureau , HRSA ; Judith D. Auerbach , Office of AIDS Research ; Roberta J. Black , National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases ; Fulvia Veronese , Office of the Director , National Institutes of Health .
Federal Consultants : Deborah von Zinkernagel , Office of the Secretary , U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ; Andrea Washington , Division of Applied Public Health Training , Epidemiology Program Office , CDC ; John Miles , Ron Valdiserri , Office of the Director , National Center for HIV , STD , and TB Prevention , CDC ; Marc Bulterys , Ken Dominguez , Donatus Ekwueme , Kathleen Gallagher , Richard Garfein , Robert Janssen , Division of HIV / AIDS Prevention , National Center for HIV , STD , and TB Prevention , CDC ; Elise Beltrami , Adelisa Panlilio , Division of Healthcare Quality Promotion , National Center for Infectious Diseases , CDC ; Kim Workowski , Division of STD Prevention , National Center for HIV , STD , and TB Prevention , CDC ; Sara Critchley , Bruce Evatt , Ron Otten , Division of AIDS , STD , and TB Laboratory Research , National Center for Infectious Diseases , CDC ; Eben Ingram , Division of Violence Prevention , National Center for Injury Prevention and Control , CDC ; Kevin Ryan , National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , NIH , Cedric Dumont , Athena Moundalexis , U. S. Department of State ; Newton Kendig , Mike Nelson , Federal Bureau of Prisons .
External Consultants : Bruce Agins , New York State AIDS Institute ; James Aldridge , National Alliance of State and Territorial AIDS Directors ; Beth Barnhill , National Alliance of Sexual Assault Coalitions ; Carol Berkowitz , University of California , Los Angeles Medical Center ; Barry Bernstein , Abbot Pharmaceuticals ; Ricky Blumenthal , RAND Corporation ; Stephen Boswell , Fenway Community Health Center ; Helena Brett - Smith , Bristol - Myers Squibb ; Jordi Casabona , Centre d'Estudis Epidemiològics de la SIDA a Catalunya ; David Cochetto , GlaxoSmithKline ; Myron Cohen , University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill ; Roxanne Cox -Hamu , Whitman - Walker Clinic ; Tim Cuniff , Agouron - Pfizer ; Brian Edlin , University of California , San Francisco ; Richard Ellison , University of Massachusetts Medical Center ; Janet Endress Squires , Children 's Medical Center of Dallas ; Bruce Ewenstein , Boston Hemophilia Center , Susan Forlenza , New York City Department of Health ; David Gootnick , Peace Corps ; Peter L. Havens , American Academy of Pediatrics , Pediatric AIDS Committee , Barbara Herbert , Lawrence General Hospital ; David Holtgrave , Rollins School of Public Health , Emory University ; Michael Imperiale , Boeringer - Ingelheim ; Asim Jani , Florida Department of Health ; Mitchell Katz , San Francisco Department of Public Health ; Laureen Kunches , John Snow , Incorporated ; Jean Maguire , Massachusetts Department of Health ; Laurent Mandelbrot , Groupe Hospitalier Cochin ; Ken Mayer , Fenway Community Health Center ; Michael Meit , National Association of County and City Health Officials ; Diego Miralles , Trimeris , Inc. ; Patrick O'Connor , Yale University ; Amrita Paul , Canadian Non-Occupational Post - exposure Prophylaxis Working Group ; Bea Pearce , National Hemophilia Foundation ; Steve Pinkerton , University of Wisconsin ; Josiah Rich , The Miriam Hospital ; Laurie Robert , John Snow , Incorporated ; Pierre Robillard , Canadian Non-Occupational Post - exposure Prophylaxis Working Group ; Michelle Roland , University of California , San Francisco ; Jim Rooney , Gilead Sciences ; Richard Rothman , Johns Hopkins University ; Elise Roy , Canadian Non-Occupational Post - exposure Prophylaxis Working Group ; Miklos Salgo , Roche Laboratories ; Brian Saltzman , Harvard Medical School ; Susie Sargent , Roche ; Timothy Schacker , University of Minnesota ; Mauro Schechter , Hospital Universitario Clementino Fraga Filho ; Gerry Schochetman , Abbot Diagnostics ; Michael Tapper , Lenox Hill Hospital ; Mark Waters , New York AIDS Institute .
Table 1
Return to top .
Figure 1
Return to top .
Table 2
Return to top .
Table 3
Return to top .
Table 4
Return to top .
Table 5
Return to top .
Use of trade names and commercial sources is for identification only and does not imply endorsement by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services .
References to non-CDC sites on the Internet are provided as a service to MMWR readers and do not constitute or imply endorsement of these organizations or their programs by CDC or the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services .
CDC is not responsible for the content of pages found at these sites .
URL addresses listed in MMWR were current as of the date of publication .
Disclaimer All MMWR HTML versions of articles are electronic conversions from ASCII text into HTML .
This conversion may have resulted in character translation or format errors in the HTML version .
Users should not rely on this HTML document , but are referred to the electronic PDF version and / or the original MMWR paper copy for the official text , figures , and tables .
An original paper copy of this issue can be obtained from the Superintendent of Documents , U.S. Government Printing Office ( GPO ) , Washington , DC 20402-9371 ; telephone : ( 202 ) 512-1800 .
Contact GPO for current prices .
** Questions or messages regarding errors in formatting should be addressed to mmwrq@cdc.gov .
Page converted : 1/11/2005
MOSCOW , Russia ( CNN ) --
A bear on ice skates attacked two people during rehearsals at a circus in Bishkek , the capital of Kyrgyzstan , killing one of them , Kyrgyz officials said Friday .
In the incident , which happened Thursday , the 5 - year - old animal killed the circus administrator , Dmitry Potapov , and mauled an animal trainer , who was attempting to rescue him .
" The incident occurred during a rehearsal by the Russian state circus company troupe which was performing in Bishkek with the program , Bears on Ice , " Ministry of Culture and Information director Kurmangazy Isanayev told reporters .
It is unclear what caused the bear to attack Potapov , 25 , nearly severing one of his legs while dragging him across the ice by his neck .
Medical personnel were unable to save Potapov , who died at the scene .
The 29 - year - old circus trainer Yevgeny Popov , who attempted to rescue Potapov , was also severely injured , according to doctors .
" The victim has sustained serious injuries - deep scalp lacerations , bruising of the brain , lacerations on his body .
His condition is considered critical , " Dr. Gulnara Tashibekova told reporters on Russian state television .
After the incident , the circus was cordoned off by police and emergency service workers .
Experts have been brought in to examine the bear , which was shot and died at the scene .
Russia has a long - standing tradition of training bears to perform tricks such as riding motorcycles , ice skating , and playing hockey .
Fatal attacks are unusual .
Sept. 2 , 2009  -- Charles Gibson , who has served as anchor of " World News " since May of 2006 , announced this morning that he will step down from the post at the end of this year and retire from full - time employment at ABC News .
" Good Morning America " anchor Diane Sawyer , 63 , will serve as the next " World News " anchor , beginning in January .
" It has not been an easy decision to make , " Gibson , 66 , said in an e-mail to the " World News " staff .
" This has been my professional home for almost 35 years .
And I love this news department , and all who work in it , to the depths of my soul . "
ABC News President David Westin said that he and Gibson have been talking about the decision for several weeks and that Gibson " has persuaded me that this is both what he wants and what is best for him . "
" I respect his decision , just as I respect the enormous contribution he has made to ABC News through the years , " Westin said .
Westin also announced Sawyer 's move to " World News . "
" Diane Sawyer is the right person to succeed Charlie and build on what he has accomplished , " ABC News '
Westin said in a statement .
" She has an outstanding and varied career in television journalism , beginning with her role as a State Department correspondent and continuing at 60 Minutes , Primetime Live , and most recently Good Morning America . "
Westin noted that Gibson came to lead " World News " " after a difficult and turbulent time " following the death of anchor Peter Jennings and then the injury of " World News " co-anchor Bob Woodruff by a roadside bomb that struck his vehicle near Taji , Iraq .
With Sawyer 's new role , two of the three major network 's evening news broadcasts will now be anchored by females , a first in television history .
" There is no one like Charlie Gibson and it is an enormous honor to be asked to join the terrific broadcast he and the great team of journalists have built at ' World News , ' " Sawyer said today .
" Until then , I 'll be getting up early and spending mornings , as always , counting myself so lucky to be with Robin , Chris and Sam and the incredibly smart , talented and dedicated team of ' Good Morning America . ' "
Charles Gibson Steps Down from ' World News '
Gibson , who previously co-hosted " Good Morning America " along with Sawyer , had originally planned to step down in 2007 .
" But with Peter 's illness , Bob 's injuries , and Elizabeth [ Vargas 's ] pregnancy , the job at ' World News ' came open in May of 2006 , " Gibson said in the e-mail to the ABC staff .
He was asked to step in as anchor .
" It was an honor to do so . "
Gibson said he would like to continue contributing occasionally to ABC News .
Before being named anchor of " World News , " Gibson was co-anchor of " Good Morning America . "
He returned to " GMA " to re-launch the broadcast with Diane Sawyer on Jan. 18 , 1999 .
He previously co-anchored the morning program from 1987 to 1998 .
In addition , he was also co-anchor of " Primetime Thursday , " now known as " Primetime , " from 1998 to 2004 .
Sawyer has interviewed every president since President George H. W. Bush , including President Obama , and has handled an array of breaking news and special events , including Sept. 11 and , most recently , the 2008 presidential election .
Gibson 's Three Decades at ABC
During his 34 years at ABC News , Gibson has provided America with firsthand reports of some of the world 's biggest events .
In June 2001 , at the Oklahoma City National Memorial , he anchored ABC 's live coverage of the Timothy McVeigh execution .
He had reported from the scene when the Murrah Federal Building was bombed in April 1995 , and continued to follow the story on multiple return visits to Oklahoma City .
On Sept. 11 of that year , he and Sawyer were anchoring " Good Morning America " and began the network 's award - winning coverage of the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon .
Gibson anchored " GMA " from the Johnson Space Center in Houston following the loss of the Space Shuttle Columbia in February 2003 .
He also won an Emmy for his hourlong " Primetime Thursday " investigation entitled " Columbia Final Mission . "
In 2005 , Gibson traveled to Vatican City to report on the death of Pope John Paul II , anchoring the network 's coverage of the Pope 's funeral and the election of Pope Benedict XVI .
ABC 's coverage was later recognized with an Alfred I. duPont - Columbia University Award .
More recently , Gibson has reported extensively on the economic crisis , traveling throughout the U.S. to see firsthand how the recession is impacting different corners of the country .
Gibson has interviewed each of the last eight American presidents , and has also anchored many broadcasts from Republican and Democratic national conventions , as well as presidential inaugurations .
In 2004 he was chosen to moderate the 90 - minute town hall style debate between President George W. Bush and Senator John Kerry that was watched by 47 million people around the country .
Additionally , he has interviewed leaders from around the globe , including Kofi Annan , Tony Blair , Nelson Mandela and the late Yasir Arafat .
He reported from Sharm El Sheikh , Egypt , in October 2000 to cover the Middle East peace summit , and traveled to Israel in April 2002 to cover the crisis of suicide bombings .
In 1995 , just hours after the funeral of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin , Gibson conducted a live interview with widow Leah Rabin in her home in Tel Aviv .
In April 1999 , he reported from Macedonia 's tent cities for refugees from Kosovo .
Diane Sawyer to Become ' World News ' Anchor
Sawyer joined ABC News in February 1989 , as co-anchor of " Primetime . "
In addition to that assignment , she was named co-anchor of " Good Morning America " in January 1999 .
She currently co-anchors the morning news program with Robin Roberts , where the duo made network television history as the first female co-anchor team .
In August 2009 " GMA " was recognized with its third consecutive Emmy Award for outstanding morning program .
Sawyer was the first journalist to speak with then Sen. Barack Obama after his Iowa Caucus win .
Sawyer also reported " Portrait of a President , " two hourlong specials that offered new insight into candidates Obama and McCain and their families .
In 2006 , Sawyer 's report on the crises in the foster care system was recognized with the Robert F. Kennedy Journalism Award .
In January 2007 , she delivered a moving and eye - opening report on poverty in America .
" Waiting on the World to Change " gave viewers insight into the lives of families in Camden , N.J. , the poorest city in America .
Sawyer and her team of producers also spent two years in the hills of Appalachia reporting the February 2009 special , " A Hidden America : Children of the Mountains . "
In October 2006 , Sawyer traveled to North Korea and brought viewers an unprecedented look inside that secretive country .
The first American journalist to ever report live from North Korea , Sawyer also anchored " North Korea : Inside The Shadows , " an hourlong primetime special that included interviews with key government and military officials and new information on what life is like for North Koreans .
In February 2007 , Sawyer traveled to Syria and Iran , where she conducted exclusive interviews with Syrian President Bashar al - Assad and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
In April 2008 , Sawyer anchored " GMA " from Afghanistan and Saudi Arabia .
Prior to joining ABC News , Sawyer spent nine years at CBS News .
There she made history as the first female correspondent for " 60 Minutes . "
She also co-anchored the " CBS Morning News " and was CBS News ' State Department correspondent .
While at CBS , Sawyer covered the 1980,1984 and 1988 national political conventions as a floor and then podium correspondent .
Sawyer was part of the Nixon - Ford transition team from 1974 to 1975 and assisted former President Nixon in the writing of his memoirs in 1974 and 1975 .
She began her career in broadcasting in 1967 in Louisville , Ky. , where she was a reporter for WLKY - TV until 1970 .
A native of Glasgow , Ky. , and raised in Louisville , Sawyer received a B.A. from Wellesley College and completed a semester of law school before embarking on a career in broadcasting .
Whenever I write about Microsoft here I usually get a few comments asking me , with varying degrees of politeness , why I am wasting electrons on this subject on a site devoted to GNU / Linux .
The reason I do this – and why I am about to do it again – is that whether we like it or not , Microsoft remains probably the single most important external factor in the free software world .
It 's useful , therefore , to try to understand what exactly the company 's open source strategy is , in order to head off some of its worst aspects , and to build on any positive elements .
The trouble is , I do n't think Microsoft has an open source strategy any more .
The last few months have been particularly rich in contradictory signals .
For example , we had this :
in a break from the ordinary , Microsoft released 20,000 lines of device driver code to the Linux community .
The code , which includes three Linux device drivers , has been submitted to the Linux kernel community for inclusion in the Linux tree .
The drivers will be available to the Linux community and customers alike , and will enhance the performance of the Linux operating system when virtualized on Windows Server 2008 Hyper - V or Windows Server 2008 R2 Hyper-V .
This was variously analysed as Microsoft seeing the light , Microsoft being forced to bow down before the mighty GNU GPL and Microsoft being its usual cunning self and piggybacking on the open source community for competitive edge .
Then we had the revelation of Microsoft “ educating ” third - party sales people about “ weaknesses ” in GNU / Linux .
Except , of course , they were n't weaknesses , but misinformation or even outright lies .
Now , fair competition is all well and good , but stooping to this kind of underhand behaviour hardly matches the company 's recent soothing noises about wanting to work with the open source community .
Another confusing episode in Microsoft - open source relations involved some patents :
Earlier this week , the Wall Street Journal ’s Nick Wingfield broke a story on Microsoft selling a group of patents to a third party .
The end result of this story is good for Linux , even though it does n’t placate fears of ongoing attacks by Microsoft .
Open Invention Network , working with its members and the Linux Foundation , pulled off a coup , managing to acquire some of the very patents that seem to have been at the heart of recent Microsoft FUD campaigns against Linux .
What 's interesting here is that once more , the narrative is messy .
Microsoft was apparently getting rid of patents that could have been used to attack GNU / Linux : that 's good , no ?
But some have suggested somewhat persuasively that it was trying to sell them to patent trolls that could then attack open source without Microsoft being involved , which is plainly bad .
Finally , we have the following announcement :
The CodePlex Foundation , a non-profit foundation formed with the mission of enabling the exchange of code and understanding among software companies and open source communities , launched today , September 10 , 2009 .
Incorporated as a 501.c6 non-profit , the CodePlex Foundation was created as a forum in which open source communities and the software development community can come together with the shared goal of increasing participation in open source community projects .
The CodePlex Foundation will complement existing open source foundations and organizations , providing a forum in which best practices and shared understanding can be established by a broad group of participants , both software companies and open source communities .
Initial funding for the Foundation comes from Microsoft Corporation .
This is in many ways the hardest to parse .
From the FAQ :
We believe that commercial software companies and the developers that work for them under - participate in open source projects .
Some of the reasons are cultural , some have to do with differing software development methodologies , and some have to do with differing views about intellectual property .
In general , we are going to work to close these gaps .
Specifically we aim to work with particular projects that can serve as best practice exemplars of how commercial software companies and open source communities can effectively collaborate .
That sounds laudable enough – increasing participation in open source projects .
But then we have this in the same document :
The Foundation has no pre-suppositions about particular projects , platforms , or open source licenses .
Particulars about the relationship between the Foundation and projects will be spelled out as the Foundation Charter is drafted , but our expectation is that we can have the greatest impact on projects where the software industry as a whole would benefit from closer collaboration between software companies and open source communities .
That phrase “ software industry as a whole ” seems to stand in contradistinction to things like “ open source community ” : in other words , the emphasis will be on commercial concerns , not ones to do with the community ( never mind freedom ) .
I also find the following worrying :
Microsoft has an evolving engagement with open source , as demonstrated by its sponsorship of the Apache Software Foundation , contributions to the PHP Community , participation in Apache projects including the Hadoop project and the Qpid project , and participation in various community events such as OSCON , EclipseCon , PyCon , and the Moodle Conference .
As an additional proof point of Microsoft 's understanding that they needed to be more involved , at OSCON 2009 in July , Microsoft contributed 20,000 lines of device driver code to the Linux kernel .
The Codeplex Foundation is another step in this evolution .
It 's true that these are all demonstrations of “ Microsoft 's engagement with open source ” , but they are also fine examples of how Microsoft is encouraging the open source community to expend time and energy on projects that benefit Microsoft – for example , by working on Windows versions of code .
I can't help feeling that the CodePlex Foundation will similarly focus on bending open source to Microsoft 's advantage .
If you read the governance details , it 's clear that Microsoft , and Microsoft alone , will be running this new “ open source foundation ” .
As another page explains :
While the Codeplex Foundation is not currently structured as a membership organization , there are a number of ways for individuals , companies and projects to participate in the Foundation .
One way is to sponsor , and another way is to become a member of the board , or board of advisors .
Over the coming months , the board will also be determining how projects get accepted as they define project governance , which will provide clarity on how individuals or companies can contribute projects .
In other words , people , companies and projects are welcome to add their names in order to boost the Foundation 's credibility , but do n't expect to wield any real influence .
Now , you might argue that all these confusing signals are a natural consequence of the great size of Microsoft , and of the differing opinions within the company .
And that 's certainly true .
But equally you would expect an organisation as successful as Microsoft at least to have an underlying strategy , even if there were deviations from it .
You could find no better symbol of the increasing rudderlessness of Microsoft in this regard than the following news about Microsoft's Mr. Open Source , Sam Ramji :
I felt it was important to provide some thoughts to the Port25 community on Sam Ramji 's impending departure from Microsoft .
After many years helping to carry the open source software banner for the company , Sam is leaving Microsoft at the end of this month .
You may have also heard that he has accepted the position of interim President of the CodePlex Foundation as well as a leadership position at a startup in California .
( I 'll let Sam and his new company share more details there . )
Sam joined my team three years ago to drive open source technical strategy .
I have eagerly supported him as he passionately articulated a vision that Microsoft could coexist - and even thrive - in a heterogeneous IT world .
This underlines the pivotal role that Ramji played at Microsoft in determining that “ vision ” .
Here 's how the company tries to spin his departure :
The perspectives on OSS at Microsoft have evolved to the point where Microsoft 's open source strategy is no longer just locked in a single ‘ lab ' on campus - now OSS is an important part of many product groups and strategies across the company .
We have become increasingly clear on where we work with open source - development methodologies , projects , partners , products and communities - and where our products compete with commercial open source companies or platforms .
Today , there are engineering and business leaders across the company , myself included , looking at how to drive interoperability for customers and as a lever for new growth .
Nice try , but that 's not how it looks from the outside .
Rather , it seems to me that the centrifugal forces within the company have finally overcome that lone centripetal force of Sam Ramji , with all those “ engineering and business leaders across the company ” adopting widely differing , and at times contradictory , attitudes and actions with regard to open source .
Without Ramji , I think the situation is going to get even worse ; what about you ?
Follow me @glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca .
Conservatives , of course , remain the stick in the spokes , the bump in the road , the gate to be crashed , etc. .
Backwards loonies out of touch with the Time of Day .
The poll clearly illustrates a generational and political divide on the issue , with 78 percent of self - described liberals saying they would like to see the drug legalized and 72 percent of self - described conservatives being opposed .
Gallup also found that 50 percent of Americans under 50 - years - old are in favor of legalization , but just 28 percent of seniors agree .
*****
Another of the poll 's revelations is that among self - described Democrats , a majority in favor of legalization has emerged , with 54 percent supporting such a move and 45 percent opposed .
Among self - described Republicans , the question is not even a contest : 28 percent are in favor , while 70 percent are opposed .
One is perfectly free to continue to believe all the old demolished lies .
One is free to continue to fear this agricultural wonder , but I , dear reader , am free to call people names for believing such tripe , much as I do for people who still think the Earth is flat , or who waste perfectly good time talking about " creationism " .
Or haggling over whether Obama was really born in America .
Or if flu vaccine in a plot by the government to make your children homosexuals , or whatever .
People are free to believe this crap but they have to be prevent from trying to make laws based on superstitious bullshit , which is about what fear of cannabis reform is .
So while some have their knickers in a bunch , 51 % of America is moving on .
As medical cannabis and liberals in general CHEER President Obama 's words about medical marijuana two California airports allow passengers to fly with pot
" The policy [ at Oakland International Airport ] is spelled out in a three - page document quietly enacted last year by the Alameda County Sheriff 's Office , " Mercury News reported .
" It states that if deputies determine someone is a qualified patient or primary caregiver as defined by California law and has eight ounces or less of the drug , he or she can keep it and board the plane . "
That 's change I had hoped for .
That 's what sanity looks like .
That 's what following the law looks like .
The other force standing in the way of progress is cops .
Anti-marijuana hysteria is their stock - in - trade and they are re-investing themselves in this as the smart people move along .
Pot -phobic law enforcement officers in California are trying out an unsettling new tactic .
It 's the latest iteration of their continued hissy fit about what should have been a settled issue for 13 years now ( since Californians voted for Proposition 215 , legalizing medical use of marijuana with a doctor 's recommendation ) .
Many cops , still pissed off and in deep denial that medical pot is legal in the Golden State , are desperately clinging to the federal prohibition of marijuana for threadbare justification of their irrational hatred of pot and its users .
Cops have been tasked as a central power in maintaining the lies of cannabis prohibition .
They eat this stuff up and many of them actually believe it .
This is why they shoot people for pot .
Hopefully , though , the climate IS changing for the better .
All the anti-intellectual throwbacks - cops , republicans , conservatives , Blue Dog Dems - will either adjust or be viewed as simple - minded loonies as America wakes up from it 's propaganda slumber and gets real about cannabis reform .
Pandora , the popular ad - supported music streaming service , has now been available for the Android platform for over two weeks .
In this review I ’ll discuss some highlights and opportunities for improvement which we will hopefully see in future versions to come ( reviewing version 1.0.0 ) .
Like other streaming music applications available for Android , the Pandora application also includes a widget which can be placed on the home screen , allowing you to run the application in the background .
The widget controls ( Like , Dislike , Play / Pause , Skip ) are responsive to touch , although tapping on the widget to bring up the actual Pandora app may take a few tries .
On 3G networks , there can be up to a five second delay when skipping songs and sometimes an additional one or two more seconds for the album view to load after the song has begun to play .
On 2G , I experienced up to ten seconds for the song to load and up to 20 for the album art to load ( please note , these readings represent the maximum and do not necessarily reflect typical load times ) .
When allowing the song to play through , the proceeding track loads up much faster than if you were to skip to the next track yourself .
If you ’re an existing Pandora user , after logging in you will see a list of your current stations as well as the QuickMix option .
For new Pandora users , QuickMix merges artists and genres which would normally fall into separate stations , giving the user an easier way to listen to a more diverse collection of music in one station .
When you begin playing music , hitting the “ Menu ” key brings up options to Bookmark the song or artist , Buy , Share , Preferences , and Quit the application .
Contrary to what you may think , “ Bookmarking ” a song or artist does not save a link or provide on - demand access to the song or artist , it is purely to develop your profile on the Pandora website .
Selecting “ Buy ” launches the built - in Amazon MP3 application .
Quite redundantly , one must perform an additional search from within the Amazon application to find the artist , album , or song .
“ Share ” allows you to send a link to your station to a friend via email .
Lastly , “ Preferences ” gives you two options , “ Audio Quality ” and “ Sign Out ” .
Please note the load times listed above were tested under the High Audio Quality setting .
The advertisements only appear in the actual Pandora application , not the widget , and can be closed .
However , another ad will pop up at the beginning of the next song .
These ads are minimal in size , unobtrusive , and again can be avoided altogether by using the widget .
In this author ’s opinion , Pandora represents the best of what the current internet streaming music model has to offer in the US .
However , competition is brewing as the next generation of streaming music services , such as Europe ’s Spotify , are offering on - demand music streaming .
Pandora may have to quickly adapt to compete with on - demand streaming technology .
I ’d like to see future updates integrate scrobbling to Facebook , MySpace , Last.fm , and other social networks .
The “ Thumb Up / Down ” function seems to have little effect on reducing or increasing the frequency of artists appearing in your station .
Future updates should include more customization and adaptation based on the user ’s musical preferences .
At times , Pandora seemed to take up enough of the system ’s resources to the point that typing a text message was extremely lagged .
Given the quality of this initial version , I am confident the issues I experienced will be addressed in future updates as Pandora continues to be a competitor in the evolving world of internet streaming radio .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Five states posted jobless rates above 12 % in August , according to federal data released Friday .
California , Nevada and Rhode Island each hit record - high rates , the Labor Department said .
Michigan led the nation in unemployment , with a rate of 15.2 % , while Nevada was next at 13.2 % and Rhode Island was third at 12.8 % .
California and Oregon were tied for the fourth spot , each with unemployment at 12.2 % .
" The losses tend to be heavy in states that have a high concentration of manufacturing jobs or were hit hard by the housing bust , " said Mark Vitner , economist at Wachovia .
In August , 27 states and the District of Columbia recorded month - over - month unemployment rate increases , while 16 states posted a decrease in unemployment and seven saw rates hold steady .
The total number of nonfarm jobs fell in 42 states and the District of Columbia , while 8 states saw an increase .
The state - by - state unemployment report for August came after the government reported earlier this month that American employers cut 216,000 jobs in August , sending the nationwide unemployment rate to 9.7 % from 9.4 % in July .
Lowest rates : North Dakota posted the lowest jobless rate in August , at 4.3 % .
It was followed by South Dakota , at 4.9 % ; Nebraska , with 5 % ; Utah , at 6 % , and Virginia , at 6.5 % .
" The states with the lowest rates tend to have fewer metropolitan areas , " Wachovia 's Vitner said .
" When you consider how a city like Las Vegas dominates Nevada 's economy , you can see how that weakness could devastate a state . "
Biggest over - the - year increases :
All states and the District of Columbia recorded statistically significant increases in their jobless rates from August 2008 .
Michigan reported the largest unemployment rate increase over the year , at 6.6 percentage points .
Three other states saw rates climb more than 5 percentage points : Nevada 's unemployment rate has climbed 6.2 points year over year , while Oregon 's rate jumped 5.7 points , and Alabama 's rate increased 5.2 points .
West Virginia saw the fifth - largest annual increase of 4.8 percentage points .
Largest over - the - month increases :
Six states posted statistically significant over - the - month unemployment rate increases in August .
New Mexico's was highest , at 0.5 percentage points , followed by New Jersey , New York and Oregon -- all three of which reported a 0.4 point increase .
California and Iowa each posted a 0.3 point increase over the month .
The District of Columbia also reported a jump , of 0.5 percentage points .
Biggest over - the - month decreases :
Four states reported statistically significant decreases in unemployment over the month .
Indiana 's jobless rate dropped by 0.7 percentage point , Colorado 's fell 0.5 percentage point , and Kansas and Virginia fell 0.4 point each .
On Wednesday , Congress will consider legislation that would extend unemployment benefits by 13 weeks for people who live in states with jobless rates higher than 8.5 % .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
Blue whales were hunted to the brink of extinction in the last century Scientists have turned up new evidence showing that ocean noise can affect the communication of whales .
Studying blue whales off the eastern Canadian coast , they found the animals changed their vocalisations in response to an underwater seismic survey .
The survey was conducted using gear considered to have a low impact .
Writing in the journal Biology Letters , the researchers say this is the first evidence that whales will increase calls in response to underwater noise .
At this site , on a feeding ground , the whales make frequent calls of just a few seconds ' duration , rather than the long " songs " that can be heard across vast tracts of ocean .
" The calls are used for short - range communication within a range of a few hundred metres , " said Lucia Di Iorio , based at the University of Zurich in Switzerland .
We should definitely reconsider these things , because clearly it 's not only the sound level that 's important
Lucia Di Iorio
" And the frequency band they use is exactly where the main energy of those seismic pulses is located , " she told BBC News .
Initially , Dr Di Iorio's group tried to persuade the Canadian university conducting the seismic survey to co-operate in the research , and to give details of where and when the underwater bangs were being produced .
That attempt failing , the scientists recorded the pulses with an array of detectors mounted on the sea bed in the St Lawrence Estuary .
The detectors also recorded the blue whales ' calls , which are thought to be associated with feeding and socialising .
Information gap
On days with seismic surveys , the whales made two - and - half - times more calls than on days without .
The ratio was the same when the recordings were analysed in blocks of 10 minutes ; survey noise induced more than a doubling of calls .
The researchers suggest the whales are having to " repeat information " , as some of the calls are blocked or degraded by the seismic bangs .
Guide to the Great Whales " Our research does n't say anything about whether this increase in call rate is negative for the animals , but of course it 's not positive and it may be stressful , " said Dr Di Iorio .
This survey was carried out using " sparkers " , devices that generate a bang from an electrical discharge between two electrodes .
Sparkers produce sounds quieter than the ones generated by airguns , another technique engineers use for underwater surveys .
" It 's used [ here ] because it 's thought to have a lower impact on marine life , " said Dr Di Iorio .
" But we should definitely reconsider these things , because clearly it 's not only the sound level that 's important ; and one thing might be not to do the test when there are lots of whales around . "
Gray area
A number of recent reports have highlighted the increase in ocean noise brought about by humanity 's use of the oceans , in particular shipping .
One study indicated that the level of background noise from ships ' propellers was doubling every decade in the Pacific Ocean .
Conservation groups are raising the issue because many marine animals , including whales and dolphins , use sound to communicate and to hunt .
The sharp sounds of seismic surveys are a particular concern .
Engineers use very sharp , very loud bangs because these produce the clearest images of geological structures below the sea floor .
The surveys are typically used to map oil and gas deposits .
Earlier this year , companies involved in the Sakhalin Energy consortium agreed to suspend seismic work after seeing evidence that it was driving the critically endangered western gray whale , of which only about 130 remain , away from its summer feeding ground .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Marijuana arrests in the United States declined in 2008 — the first such drop since 2002 — according to figures released by the FBI today .
According to the just - released Uniform Crime Reports , U.S. law enforcement made 847,863 arrests on marijuana charges , 89 percent of which were for simple possession , not sale or manufacture .
More Americans were arrested for marijuana possession than for all violent crimes combined .
During 2008 , one American was arrested for marijuana every 37 seconds .
Marijuana arrests reached an all - time high at more than 872,000 in 2007 .
More than 12 million American citizens have been arrested on marijuana charges since 1965 .
The new report comes on the heels of the 2008 National Survey on Drug Use and Health , released Sept. 10 , which showed increases in both the number and the percentage of Americans who admit having used marijuana .
In 2003 , when marijuana arrests reached what was then a record total of 755,186 , pot use was admitted by 40.6 percent of Americans 12 and older .
Five years later , in 2008 , that figure was 41 percent , meaning more than 102 million Americans are willing to tell government survey - takers that they had smoked pot .
Marijuana Policy Project ( MPP ) executive director Rob Kampia was happy with the reduced number of pot arrests .
“ This slight dip in the number of marijuana arrests provides a small amount of relief to the tens of millions of American marijuana consumers who have been under attack by the own government for decades , Kampia said .
“ It ’s time to stop wasting billions of tax dollars criminalizing responsible Americans for using a substance that ’s safer than alcohol , and put an end to policies that simply hand this massive consumer market to unregulated criminals . ”
Still , drug policy experts bemoaned the disconnect between popular acceptance of pot and legal sanctions against it .
“ There ’s a kind of schizophrenia going on with marijuana policy , ” Tony Newman , a spokesman for the Drug Policy Alliance ( which pushes for legalization ) told am New York .
“ There ’s all these people questioning our policies on the one hand and there ’s still record numbers of marijuana arrests . ”
– Article from SF Weekly .
The medical staff , from the northern town of Grudziadz , are being investigated over medical trials on as many as 350 homeless and poor people last year , which prosecutors say involved an untried vaccine to the highly - contagious virus .
Authorities claim that the alleged victims received £ 1 - 2 to be tested with what they thought was a conventional flu vaccine but , according to investigators , was actually an anti bird - flu drug .
The director of a Grudziadz homeless centre , Mieczyslaw Waclawski , told a Polish newspaper that last year , 21 people from his centre died , a figure well above the average of about eight .
Although authorities have yet to prove a direct link between the deaths and the activities of the medical staff , Poland ’s health minister , Ewa Kopacz , has said that the doctors and nurses involved should not return to their profession .
“ It is in the interests of all doctors that those who are responsible for this are punished , ” the minister added .
Investigators are also probing the possibility that the medical staff may have also have deceived the pharmaceutical companies that commissioned the trials .
The suspects said that the all those involved knew that the trial involved an anti-H5N1 drug and willingly participated .
The news of the investigation will come as another blow to the reputation of Poland ’s beleaguered and poverty - stricken national health service .
In 2002 , a number of ambulance medics were found guilty of killing their patients for commissions from funeral companies .
Last time I checked , on October 2 I get to vote for either “ Yes ” or “ No ” .
I ’m pretty sure the options will not include “ Cori ” , “ Libertas ” , “ Ganley ” , “ Cowen ” , “ Kenny ” , “ McKenna ” or anything on those lines .
So it ’d be really nice if every flipping story written on the upcoming referendum would focus on the choices available , instead of trying to convince me one way or another on the character of the lobbyists .
Because unless I get to vote on them , hearing about how they love their mothers or hate kittens is just a waste of space …
Changes in Arctic sea ice coverage from 1978 to 2008 developed by Ignatius Rigor at the University of Washington , Seattle Applied Physics Lab .
Pulses depict the annual expansion and contraction of the sea ice from winter to summer .
Red dots represent the buoys that measure the ice
Cells act like tiny computers , and finally , scientists are figuring out what makes their genetic circuits blink on and off .
Like ENIAC troubleshooters of old , biologists reverse - engineered the way that an immune cell 's genetic network recognizes invading diseases by turning off its circuits one by one .
" It 's the cell as computer .
You tweak the things inside , tweak them outside , and see what happens , " said Nir Hacohen , an immunologist at Massachusetts General Hospital and co-author of the new study , published Thursday in Science .
" In a computer , if you came with a voltage meter and there were 17 parts to a circuit , you 'd cut the parts one by one , and see how the others lit up . "
The network could help researchers better understand how the immune system functions , but the approach could be used to investigate the workings of any set of genes working in concert .
Researchers have long had difficulty making sense of the complicated choreography of genetic activity in living cells .
One gene might call for a protein that triggers two other genes to call for proteins , which in turn trigger even more genes — and on and on , for hundreds or thousands of genes .
Thousands of such networks guide every cellular function , but have been largely impenetrable in complex mammalian cells .
Researchers have been left with lists of genes relevant to disease or development , but little idea of what they actually do .
" At the level we 're trying to understand them , almost no network is understood , " said Aviv Regev , a Broad Institute cell biologist and co-author of the Science paper .
To make sense of their network , Regev and her colleagues used a pair of biotechnological tricks .
The first was RNA interference , in which single - stranded DNA snippets are used to turn genes on and off .
The other was fluorescent DNA probes that change color when exposed to the protein products of active genes .
After exposing immune system - calibrating cells , called dendritic cells , to E. coli bacteria and viruses , the researchers identified several hundred genes that appeared central to immune function .
Then they used RNA interference to turn the genes off one by one , at each step measuring the effect on other genes as the cells were exposed to pathogens .
In the new study , the researchers describe how different parts of the network are involved in recognizing different pathogens .
About 100 genes appear to be " central regulators , " modulating the activity of dozens of other genes .
Some of these were not previously implicated in immune function .
One gene , called Timeless and known almost entirely for its role in circadian rhythm maintenance , affected 200 other genes .
" It 's an excellent example of using systematic perturbation to reveal an underlying regulatory network , " said Trey Ideker , a University of California , San Diego geneticist who was not involved in the study .
" Mammals are the ultimate target from a human health standpoint , but systematic network mapping approaches have been more difficult to implement " in their cells .
In future experiments , the researchers plan to turn off more than one gene at once , and to measure activities in cell cultures that contain more than one type of immune cell .
Ultimately they hope this will provide drug developers with better targets , or even lead to diagnostic tests of a patient 's cell networks .
But the researchers say the study 's most important part is n't the immune system findings , but the approach they used .
" We 've been able to measure the expression of each gene in a cell for more than a decade now , but figuring out what contols that expression has proved much more challenging , " said Hacohen .
" You can do this for any biological process . "
Citation : " Unbiased reconstruction of a mammalian transcriptional network mediating the differential response to pathogens . "
By Ido Amit , Manuel Garber , Nicolas Chevrier , Ana Paula Leite , Yoni Donner , Thomas Eisenhaure , Mitchell Guttman , Jennifer K. Grenier , Weibo Li , Or Zuk , Lisa A. Schubert , Brian Birditt , Tal Shay , Alon Goren , Xiaolan Zhang , Zachary Smith , Raquel Deering , Rebecca C. McDonald , Moran Cabili , Bradley E Bernstein , John L. Rinn , Alex Meissner , David E. Root , Nir Hacohen , Aviv Regev .
Science , Vol. 325 No. 5945 , September 3 , 2009 .
Image : Science
See Also :
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes , Wired Science on Twitter .
An Apple II ?
You should n’t have .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The community organizing group ACORN on Wednesday announced a hiring freeze , new training programs and an independent review of its programs after the recent release of a series of videotapes embarrassing to the agency .
In the videos , the individuals seek advice on setting up a brothel with underage women from El Salvador .
The videos , secretly taped by two individuals posing as a pimp and a prostitute , showed ACORN employees in four of the agency 's offices suggesting or condoning a series of illicit actions as the couple sought advice on setting up a brothel with underage women from El Salvador .
" We have all been deeply disturbed by what we 've seen in some of these videos , " ACORN CEO Bertha Lewis said .
" I must say on behalf of ACORN 's board and our Advisory Council that we will go to whatever lengths necessary to re-establish the public trust . "
The steps announced include an immediate halt in hiring for all ACORN offices , an immediate training program for all front - line staff and selection of an independent auditor by the end of this week .
Watch Lewis address the scandal »
As the announcement was made , FBI Director Robert Mueller appeared on Capitol Hill for a wide - ranging oversight hearing , and when asked about ACORN , he signaled a potential federal investigation of the organization .
In response to a description of the highly publicized videotapes by Sen. Orrin Hatch , R - Utah , Mueller said he had just learned of the matter .
Do n't Miss ACORN workers allegedly advise on prostitution
" I think the first time I heard of this incident to which you refer was last evening , " Mueller said .
" Clearly , given what you have said , it 's something in consultation with the Department of Justice that we would look at . "
At least 11 states have been investigating ACORN -- the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now -- for alleged voter registration fraud stemming from the general election in 2008 .
The statement issued by ACORN on Wednesday stands in sharp contrast to comments earlier in the week , in which a spokesman called the recordings ' release " an orchestrated sham . "
Spokesman Scott Levenson said the taping was an attempt to " create news rather than report the news . "
The videos by filmmaker James O'Keefe and his colleague Hannah Giles have caused ACORN to fire four employees shown on the tapes .
Watch some of the recordings »
The videos were shot in ACORN offices in New York ; Baltimore , Maryland ; Washington ; and San Bernardino , California .
ACORN claims that the film team also attempted to " trick " employees in several other cities to make incriminating statements but failed .
Fallout from the publicity prompted the U.S. Senate this week to vote 83 - 7 to block Housing and Urban Development grants to ACORN .
Lewis responded with a statement saying that although the organization was " disappointed that the Senate took the rare and politically convenient step " of cutting HUD grants , the move would have little effect .
" Fortunately , ACORN derives most of its income from its members and other supporters , so the decision will have little impact on overall operations , " Lewis said .
On its Web site , ACORN , which was founded in 1970 , describes itself as " the nation 's largest community organization of low - and moderate - income families , working together for social justice and stronger communities . "
All About Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now
Crocheting Adventures with Hyperbolic Planes
is published by AK Peters February 2009
The first paper model was made in 1868 by Italian mathematician Eugenio Beltrami .( see more about it in my blog ) .
It was 1966 / 67 while a college student when William Thurston independently came up with an idea how to make a paper model of hyperbolic plane that does not require any formulas - it can be done just by gluing together anuli .
This is a picture of a paper model I saw in 1997 workshop led by Prof Henderson , who learned Thurston 's idea in late 1970's .
I thought if something can be made out of paper , it can also be crocheted , so I made my first crocheted hyperbolic planes in June 1997 by increasing stitches in constant ratio - after every two stitches I did an increase by one stitch .
The number of stitches in each row grew exponentially , so after finishing my first small , very ruffled one I realized that to explore the hyperbolic plane I have to change the ratio of increase .
For classroom use the best is to use the ratio 12:13 - it means to increase one stitch after every 12 single crochet stitches .
( More detailed instructions how to crochet various models can be found in my book " Crocheting Adventures with Hyperbolic Planes
David Henderson and I published an article " Crocheting the Hyperbolic Plane " in Mathematical Intelligencer , Vol.23 , No.2 , Spring 2001 , p.17-28
Crocheting was again a topic in Mathematical Intelligencer ( Vol. 26 , No.4 , Fall 2004 , p. 25-37 ) , when it published a paper of Hinke Osinga and Bernd Krauskopf " Crocheting the Lorentz Manifold " .
In December 2001 Michael Brooks published in New Scientist an article about knitted and crocheted mathematical objects , including my crocheted hyperbolic planes .
This was noticed by Margaret Wertheim , the founder of The Institute For Figuring , who wrote me the first e-mail on September 1 , 2003 .
That was the beginning of our collaboration .
In May 2004 , David Henderson and I were invited by The IFF to give a lecture in Los Angeles .
That led to the interview with Margaret Wertheim , published in Cabinet magazine with three authors , since we all three worked together quite a lot on this publication to get everything correct .
On
The IFF page only one author is mentioned and soon after TheIFF self published a booklet " A Field Guide to Hyperbolic Space " , where most of the text is based on our lecture and the interview .
This booklet is promoted in Springer publication which is a violation of academic integrity - in fig.7 , 8 , and 10 credits are given only to The IFF but those are models I designed and crocheted ; the explanation of the hyperbolic geometry is mostly taken from our first joint publication but the author of the publication , Mick Wyckoff , did not give any references to original sources .
Photo Steve Rowel / The IFF
In 2005 , I received the first invitation from Binnie Fry to participate in fiber art show " Not the Knitting You Know " .
Later the same year , The IFF with Machine Project organized the exhibition " Crocheting the Hyperbolic Plane " in Los Angeles .
In October 2005 - June 2006 , The IFF Cookie Jar Fund supported my project " Visualizing hyperbolic plane through crochet " , which was the beginning of my book project .
My project was one of many more projects in The IFF supported that year by anonymous donor .
In January 2006 , The IFF commissioned me to make a model similar the one I had made for my first fiber art exhibit in Washington , D.C.
It inspired another crocheter Spring Paige to crochet around it smaller hyperbolic planes and the first crocheted coral in IFF was born .
photo The IFF
In April 2006 The IFF announced that they have started " Hyperbolic Crochet Coral Reef " project , involving hundreds of crafters and some very fine fiber artists .
Hyperbolic Crochet Coral Reef is designed , curated and parts of it done by co-directors of The IFF Margaret and Christine Wertheim .
Ген переносимости молока возник не в Северной Европе , где захватил почти все население , а на Балканах .
Просто в северных землях он сильнее всего прижился за последние 7,5 тыс. лет .
Фермент для усвоения молок а
Никого не удивляет , что взрослые люди пьют молоко .
Некоторые его даже очень любят .
Тем не менее по сути своей молоко вовсе не предназначено для питания взрослых животных – это специальный продукт , который вырабатывают самки млекопитающих для выкармливания потомства .
Кстати , далеко не все взрослые воспринимают молоко , хотя таких большинство в
Европе и достаточно в некоторых странах Африки и Юго -Восточной Азии .
Что касается остальных стран , там большинство населения молоко просто не переваривает .
Причина в том , что у них в кишечнике не синтезируется фермент лактаза , расщепляющий молочный сахар -- лактозу .
И молоко не усваивается .
Если совсем точно , то этот фермент у них вырабатывался в бытность грудными детьми , а потом перестал .
Ген работает , как у младенце в
Аллел иРазличные формы одного и того же гена , расположенные в одинаковых участках ( локусах ) парных хромосом и определяющие варианты проявления одного и того же признака .
Откуда пошла мутаци я
В популяциях Европы за переносимость и непереносимость молока отвечает ген .
Одна мутация – замена в определенном участке нуклеотида цитозин тимином приводит к тому , что лактаза продолжает вырабатываться во взрослом возрасте и молоко усваивается .
Частоты этой мутации в разных популяциях очень хорошо совпадают с частотами переносимости молока .
Вариант гена с данной мутацией называют аллелем постоянства лактазы .
Ученые до сих пор точно не знали место и время возникновения этой мутации в человеческом геноме .
Очевидно , что это событие связано с одомашниванием животных , от которых человек стал получать молоко .
Но что первично -- появление полезной мутации или употребление молока в пищу , было неясно .
Также предстояло проверить и еще одну гипотезу -- что мутация появилась в Северной Европе .
Дело в том , что в Великобритании , Скандинавии и других странах Северной Европы свежее молоко могут употреблять в пищу 89 - 96 % населения , в то время как в странах Восточной и Южной Европы – от 15 до 54 % .
Тому есть причины : на севере люди больше нуждаются в животных жирах и витамине D ( он содержится в молоке ) , поскольку при ограничении солнечного света витами н D меньше вырабатывается в организме .
Так как аллель постоянства лактазы в Северной Европе встречается намного чаще , специалисты полагали , что он здесь и возник .
Неоли тПоследняя стадия каменного века .
Начинается с перехода от охоты и собирательства к земледелию и скотоводству , а кончается появлением железных орудий труда , то есть железным веком .
Разные культуры вступили в этот период развития в разное время .
На Ближнем Востоке неолит начался около 9,5 тыс. лет до н. э.
Анализ ДНК из ископаемых костей показывает , что в начале распространения неолита в Центральной Европе этот аллель был очень редок .
Чтобы проследить историю его появления , команда генетиков под руководством Марка Томаса ( Mark Thomas ) , профессора исследовательского отделения генетики , эволюции и окружающей среды университетского колледжа Лондона ( UCL Genetics , Evolution and Environment ) , использовала компьютерное моделирование по методу approximate Bayestia computation ( АВС ) .
В модель ученые заложили данные о частотах аллеля постоянства лактазы в 12 европейских популяциях , археологические сведения о начале одомашнивания животных и развитии молочного скотоводства в
Европе , о миграциях населения и распространении культурных традиций .
Что принес новый каменный ве к
Марк Томас с коллегами провел 200 тыс. компьютерных симуляций распространения аллеля постоянства лактазы по Европе .
Симуляции включали 360 поколений и исходя из того , что время смены поколений составляет 25 лет , охватывали период в 9 тыс. лет .
Это начало эпохи неолита , когда человеческие популяции на территори и
Европы постепенно переходили от охоты и собирательства к земледелию и разведению скота .
Именно тогда в Анатолии ( современная Западная Турция ) и на побережь е Эгейского моря , как предполагают , зародилось сельское хозяйство , в том числе скотоводство .
Но одомашнивание и разведение животных для получения молока необязательно означало употребление свежего молока в пищу .
Во многих культурах , особенно среди народов средиземноморских стран , молоко сбраживали для производства кисломолочных продуктов .
Ген следовал за коровам и
Молочное скотоводство распространялось путем « культурной диффузии » от побережь я Эгейского моря на Балканы и в Центральную Европу .
Как показала модель , аллель постоянства лактазы появился около 7,5 тыс.
лет назад в Центральной Европе .
Более точно ученые определяют это место как область межд у Центральной Европой и Северными Балканами .
Случайно возникшая мутация прошла естественный отбор , так как ее носители , которые могли пить свежее молоко , получили эволюционное преимущество .
Для молока нужна керамик а
Культура линейно -ленточной керамик иНаиболее распространенная неолитическая культура Центральной Европы в районе 5500 - 4500 годов до н. э. Название получила по характерному лентовидному рисунку на керамической посуде .
Изготовляли кубки , чаши , вазы и кувшины грубой работы без рукояток .
О дальнейшем распространении молочного скотоводства можно судить по остаткам культуры линейно - ленточной керамики , названной так по характерному рисунку на керамической посуде .
Керамические сосуды среди прочего использовались для хранения молока .
Вслед за культурой распространялся ген .
Наиболее охотно стали пить свежее молоко в Германии и Скандинавии .
Генетики говорят о генно - культурной коэволюции – совместной эволюции гена и культуры .
По мере продвижения аллеля на север его преимущества усиливались влиянием окружающей среды , и именно поэтому в геном населени я Северной Европы он внедрился наиболее прочно .
Так что если взглянуть на современную карту частот аллеля постоянства лактазы , то видно , что область его наибольшей частоты довольно далеко отстоит от центра возникновения .
Но генетики знают , что так бывает .
Статья о том , где , когда и почему наши предки стали пить молоко , опубликована в журнале PLoS Computational Biology .
INTERPOL busca a Alejandro Ordaz , quien ha sido declarado culpable de intentar asesinar a dos policías y condenado a ocho años de prisión ; el pasado 30 de julio , el joven no se presentó ante el juez ; tenía libertad condicional
Alejandro Ordaz Moreno , el estudiante mexicano detenido el año pasado en Sevilla acusado de intentar matar a dos policías , se ha fugado y no se sabe donde se encuentra .
Según confirmó a EL UNIVERSAL su abogado , Fernando Retamar , el pasado 30 de julio tenía que haberse presentado ante el juez como hacía cada 15 días , pero no acudió .
Unos días antes Ordaz Moreno había sido declarado culpable de intentar asesinar a dos policías y condenado a ocho años y cuatro meses de cárcel .
Ahora hay una orden de búsqueda y captura contra él dictada por la Interpol .
" Estoy muy sorprendido , reconoció Retamar , no imaginaba que se fuera a fugar porque aunque la sentencia era condenatoria , ni el fiscal ni la acusación particular habían pedido de nuevo su ingreso en prisión , así que podía haber seguido en libertad condicional bajo fianza como estaba hasta ahora , mientras la sentencia no fuera firme " , añadió .
También la Embajada de México en España , cuyo titular es Jorge Zermeño , está sorprendida y , sobre todo , decepcionada con la decisión del joven .
" La Embajada le prestó muchísimo apoyo , el cónsul le fue a ver a Sevilla cuando estaba en la cárcel , le ayudaron a buscar trabajo cuando salió en libertad condicional , el gobierno de Guanajuato aportó parte de los 50 mil dólares que Alejandro tuvo que pagar en concepto de indemnizaciones e incluso amigos del embajador Zermeño también le dieron dinero para que pudiera pagar el alquiler cuando el Conacyt dejó de pagarle la beca " , explicó Retamar .
" Así que todos están sorprendidos y decepcionados " , añadió .
Sobre su paradero , el letrado aseguró que probablemente se habrá ido a México con un pasaporte falso , puesto que el suyo se lo confiscó la justicia española cuando fue detenido .
" Yo no sé dónde está porque no me contesta el teléfono .
Me imagino que se habrá ido a México porque su padre , que estuvo con él en España durante sus meses en prisión , llamó desde Guanajuato a la Embajada de México en Madrid , así que me imagino que él también se habrá ido para allá " .
El abogado supone que acabará siendo detenido y extraditado " porque como la Interpol ha girado una orden contra él , en cuanto lo detengan España emitirá una orden de extradición y será enviado de nuevo a Madrid donde deberá cumplir su condena , pero esta vez sin permisos ni beneficios penitenciarios por haberse fugado " .
Retamar asegura que Alejandro no le ha llamado y reconoce que si lo hace será más fácil que lo detengan " porque seguramente la policía ya me habrá pinchado el teléfono " .
Ordaz Moreno , de 30 años , fue detenido a las tres de la madrugada del 8 de marzo del año pasado en Sevilla - donde estudiaba un doctorado en energía renovable becado por el Consejo Nacional de Ciencia y Tecnología ( Conacyt ) - por dos policías nacionales vestidos de civil , quienes supuestamente lo confundieron con un delincuente .
Alejandro pensó que lo querían secuestrar y los golpeó , y después de una brutal pelea entre los tres , fue aprehendido .
Alejandro fue acusado de cuatro delitos : intento de homicidio a los dos policías , atentado contra la autoridad , tenencia ilícita de armas y delitos de lesiones .
El fiscal solicitó 13 años de cárcel y la acusación particular ( los dos policías ) 29 años .
Pero fue condenado a ocho .
" Yo creo que se ha fugado porque el Conacyt le había quitado la beca de 900 euros mensuales , porque le habían corrido de la Universidad de Sevilla por estar en la cárcel y porque no se veía con fuerzas de enfrentar una condena tan larga " , aseguró .
" Pero si quieres que te dé mi opinión personal , no creo que haya sido una decisión acertada " , añadió .
El abogado , que ya ha cobrado todos sus honorarios , piensa seguir con el caso y en unos días interpondrá un recurso contra la sentencia .
" Será un recurso a ciegas porque no tengo a mi cliente para poder hablar con él , pero aun así lo haré " .
A prison guard in a file photo .
REUTERS / File
PALERMO , Sicily ( Reuters ) - A Sicilian builder transferred from prison to house arrest tried to get himself locked up again to escape arguments with his wife at home , Italian media reported Thursday .
Santo Gambino , 30 , did time for dumping hazardous waste before being moved to house arrest in Villabate , outside the Sicilian capital , Palermo , Italian news agencies reported .
Gambino went to the police station and asked to be put away again to avoid arguing with his wife , who accused him of failing to pay for the upkeep of their two children .
Police charged him with violating the conditions of his sentence and made him go home and patch things up with his wife .
WASHINGTON  President Obama rejected comparisons on Monday between the war in Afghanistan and the conflict in Vietnam a generation ago , but he expressed concern about “ the dangers of overreach ” and pledged a full debate before making further decisions on strategy .
The president ’s comments , in an interview at the White House with The New York Times and CNBC , appeared to be a response to rising unease within his own party in Congress about the possibility of the United States becoming bogged down in Afghanistan .
Asked whether he worried about repeating the fate of President Lyndon B. Johnson , who declined to seek re-election in 1968 as a result of the turmoil over Vietnam , Mr. Obama replied : “ You have to learn lessons from history .
On the other hand , each historical moment is different .
You never step into the same river twice .
And so Afghanistan is not Vietnam . ”
But , he added , “ The dangers of overreach and not having clear goals and not having strong support from the American people , those are all issues that I think about all the time . ”
It was my second time to visit the ruins of the Queen Chateau .
It ’s a bizarre abandonment , a giant soapland in the midst of a cluster of still - functioning soaplands presiding over them like the towering castle in the suburbs in Edward Scissorhands .
Within its walls sex was transacted for money on a grand scale , on 6 floors of executive suites , four per floor , each kitted out with a large bath , private bar and a bed .
3 Venuses in the lobby , behind the fountain
It ’s a little odd to talk about going to a soapland , even one in ruins .
Perhaps it ’s stranger to go to one in ruins than one that is still functioning .
Why would you want to go there ?
Surely it ’s just a sad place .
Whether you think it was once a place of just - good - fun or a place of exploitation , you ’d have to agree the ruins would have a bad vibe .
Well , yes .
They do .
Why would I come a second time , then ?
It ’s a good question .
I started going to ruins about 2 years ago looking for some sense of adventure , and at times I certainly found it , along with camaraderie with friends , a new hobby , and a new ( if small ) audience for whatever I had to say about such places .
After a while though the excitement of such explorations tended to fade away and be replaced with a desire to document them well on my blog , to get hits , and to add to the collection .
Now I ’ve visited around 50 ruins locations , and regularly wonder if I can get a book published .
I ’ve had brief feedback from Kodansha ( a big Japanese publisher ) that my idea was interesting but my photos were n’t up to it .
I sent off a few more pitches to other publishers in the States , Chrysler was one , Things Asian another , and got some positive feedback but no buy - in .
So I started to work on my photography .
All the while though I see other ruins posts on other sites far out - strip the kind of readership that my posts get .
I suppose this is because they are posted on larger sites that take multiple articles from multiple blogs , and so have a much wider reader - base .
You ca n’t argue with that .
In fact , the only thing to do is to try to get on board .
So I sent off pitches for some ‘ Ruins of Japan ’ compilation articles to various off - beat interest e-zines .
I heard back from one who may yet take me on to some extent , so I ’m excited about that .
So that ’s basically why I went back .
Simple really ; to get better photos .
In fact I killed two birds with one stone by bringing a visiting friend along , Maxx , who had never been in a ruin before .
Ladies with crude graffiti .
Before I get into explaining what a soapland is , and showing the photos , know that you can see my first post and original photos here .
The text is more florid , the photos a bit starker , but it ’s the same place alright .
So , what is a soapland ?
Well , it ’s basically a Turkish water brothel .
Until about 10 years ago they were just called ‘ Turkish Baths ’ , until the Turkish ambassador made some formal complaint and the names were changed en masse .
It ’s a place to ostensibly get washed by a girl , with all kinds of other bits and pieces thrown in .
In Japan a certain degree of quasi- prostitution is generally and regularly overlooked .
Massage parlors in the red - light district , ‘ extra services ’ available at hostess bars and love hotels , and of course soaplands , they all just about pass muster and manage to continue functioning , probably because the politicians who fail to go after them are all men and frequently use their services themselves .
As to the failure of the Queen Chateau , one can only think it was too grand a vision for the consumer base to sustain .
There just was n’t that much demand for it .
Even all the smaller soaplands in the area , there ’s probably 5 or 6 of them , wo n’t have as many rooms put together as the Chateau did alone .
Certainly none of them as grand .
So , it failed .
The bright red roof really makes it stand out .
The Queen .
Sad eyes , I think .
The lobby , fountain and mural to the right .
Lewd graffiti , the lobby .
‘ You ’ll die if you go up ’ reads the graffiti .
A steam - chair and mural in one of the lower rooms .
Steam chair and mural in a higher room .
Up on the roof .
I realize now I did n’t take a single photo of one of the bath - tubs .
How remiss of me .
I guess they just were n’t very photogenic , looking much like a jacuzzi in any room , with a few leaves thrown in .
You can see tubs though in photos from my first post .
You can explore more Japanese ruins ( haikyo ) in the galleries :
[ album id=4 template=compact ]
You can also read SF & Fantasy stories inspired by ruins .
If you enjoyed this post , why not SUBSCRIBE .
But the $ 420,000 was just the beginning of what Ross and his pharmacist wife , Holly , made from the sale of Holly 's Health Mart .
The owner of USA Drug , Stephen L. LaFrance Sr. , also paid the Rosses $ 500,000 to $ 1 million for the pharmacy 's assets and paid Holly Ross another $ 100,0001 to $ 250,000 for signing a non-compete agreement .
Those numbers , which Ross listed on the financial disclosure reports he files as a member of Congress , bring the total value of the transaction to between $ 1 million and $ 1.67 million .
snip Ross , a member of the committee , told reporters on Aug. 5 in Little Rock , " We held the bill hostage in committee for 10 days to make it better .
...
We protected small businesses .
...
And we ensured that if there is a government option , it will be just that , an option .
It will not be mandated on anybody . " snip
The Rosses bought the lot in 1999 for $ 10,000 , then constructed a building that the county assessed at $ 225,000 .
Two months after the 2007 sale , LaFrance 's concerns about health care reform were spelled out in an article in the Arkansas Democrat - Gazette .
" Universal health care will ruin our health care in America , " LaFrance told the reporter .
" There 'll be long lines , they wo n't be able to get treated , potential doctors will be afraid to go into medical school , there will be an outflux of doctors -- in my opinion .
It 's not broke and do n't fix it . "
ProPublica : Mike Ross Raises Eyebrows With Healthy Haul
Read the entire article .
It looks bad for this blue dog .
I feel a new firedoglake advertisement coming !
Here 's their current ad :
Update I : About ProPublica :
ProPublica is an independent , non-profit newsroom that produces investigative journalism in the public interest .
Our work focuses exclusively on truly important stories , stories with " moral force . "
We do this by producing journalism that shines a light on exploitation of the weak by the strong and on the failures of those with power to vindicate the trust placed in them .
Investigative journalism is at risk .
Many news organizations have increasingly come to see it as a luxury .
Today ’s investigative reporters lack resources :
Time and budget constraints are curbing the ability of journalists not specifically designated " investigative " to do this kind of reporting in addition to their regular beats .
This is therefore a moment when new models are necessary to carry forward some of the great work of journalism in the public interest that is such an integral part of self - government , and thus an important bulwark of our democracy .
The business crisis in publishing and — not unrelated — the revolution in publishing technology are having a number of wide - ranging effects .
Among these are that the creation of original journalism in the public interest , and particularly the form that has come to be known as " investigative reporting , " is being squeezed down , and in some cases out .
ProPublica is led by Paul Steiger , the former managing editor of The Wall Street Journal .
Stephen Engelberg , a former managing editor of The Oregonian , Portland , Oregon and former investigative editor of The New York Times , is ProPublica ’s managing editor .
Update II : A key point :
At the time of the 2007 sale , the county assessor 's office valued the pharmacy 's building and the land on which it sits at $ 263,000 -- nearly $ 160,000 less than the Rosses got for it .
Because assessors ' valuations do n't always reflect true market value , ProPublica hired Guthrie to appraise the property .
He placed the current value of the lot and building at $ 198,000 , substantially lower than the county 's assessment , which was raised from $ 263,000 to $ 269,000 this year .
Guthrie explained the difference between his appraisal and the county assessment by saying that county assessments have been running higher than actual market value .
ProPublica : Mike Ross Raises Eyebrows With Healthy Haul
Update III : Just to be clear , the Rosses sold the land and Holly 's Health Mart , which appears to be a pharmacy , to USA Drug and LaFrance .
You have to wonder what a pharmacy not owned by a congressman would have sold for .
Hopefully , someone will look at the comparable data for the entire deal .
On its face , it looks like a windfall for the Rosses ( why do you need a non-compete if she works for the chain ? ) and a bad deal for the chain , unless they were paying for " access " and the " good will " of Congressman Ross .
On its face .
This is how it 's done nowadays .
It may well be completely legal , but is it right ?
I do n't think the people of his district will be very impressed by his windfall as they struggle to make ends meet .
I hope there is a real Democrat down there reading about this and saying , I think he needs a primary opponent .
Update IV .
In the comments , people asked about donations to ProPublica .
They are funded by donations from people and philanthropic organizations .
The Sandler Foundation has made a major , multi- year commitment to fund ProPublica .
Other philanthropic contributions have been received as well , and more are welcomed .
About Us
Here 's the Link to donate
Who has the worst " worst , by far " copyright laws in the world ?
According to a pair of consumer groups , the winner is — wait for it — the UK .
Yes , the country that brought us copyright , modern parliamentary democracy , chocolate Hobnobs , and both Shakespeare and Simon Cowell was rated the absolute worst of sixteen countries surveyed when it came to copyright .
The abysmal rating came from the Open Rights Group and Consumer Focus , which dinged the UK for its lack of a broad " fair use " right and the continued existence of rules that prohibit ( among other things ) legally ripping a CD to one 's computer or iPod .
Countries surveyed included China , Australia , Argentina , Indonesia , Pakistan , South Korea , and the US , but the UK 's consumer unfriendliness ( read the country - specific report ) can be seen in the fact that it has no copyright exemption for parody or satire .
It also assigns the copyright in most government documents to the Crown , unlike the US government , which places its material in the public domain .
Many of these items were identified as problems by the hugely important Gowers Review back in 2006 , but have still not been acted upon .
Andrew Gowers , a newspaper editor , recommended that the UK's " fair dealing " laws get a major upgrade and that private ripping of legally purchased CDs be made legal ; neither has yet happened .
To some rightsholders , of course , the " bad news " actually looks like " good news , " since it gives them even more power to control their material .
Consumers widely ignore rules such as the ban on CD ripping , and people are n't prosecuted for doing so , but this sort of copyright overreach simply damages public respect for law and copyrights so long as it remains on the books .
From the consumer point of view , things may get worse , quickly .
The European Parliament , pushed by record labels and rock stars like Bono and Sir Cliff Richard , is considering an extension on musical copyrights to 95 years per song .
The Gowers Review said that the current 50 - year copyright was plenty of time , but the UK government is pushing for an extension to 70 years .
It wo n't go along with the full 95 - year term , however , and has been holding up the legislation in Europe on the grounds that it goes too far .
The European Parliament could hold a full vote on the plan next week .
In April 1959 , Marian Trone mailed a postcard depicting a Native American wrestling an alligator that she bought during a trip to the Everglades in Florida .
She and her 4 - year - old son , Jerry , mailed it to her other son , 9 - year - old Dale , who was staying behind with his grandparents in Hanover , Pa. , because he had to go to school .
Trone mailed the card to “ Master Dale Trone ” in care of his grandfather , R.G. Trone .
Poor Dale never got it .
Well , almost never .
Marian Trone said the York post office found the postcard in July while cleaning and sent it to the Hanover post office .
Someone in Hanover sent the postcard to R.C. Trone , Marion ’s brother - in - law .
In turn , he sent it to Dale ’s half - brother , Hank Trone , who mailed it to Dale .
Dale Trone , 60 , a retired IT professional from Proctor & Gamble who lives in Lakewood , Colo. , received it in August — 50 years and four months after his mother mailed it .
The message on the card talks about his mother and brother going on a boat cruise and seeing alligator wrestling .
“ She probably chewed me out for not thanking her for the postcard , ” he said .
“ The work to get it to me was surprising . ”
The postcard had a 3 - cent stamp on it , but Hank mailed it to him via Priority Mail .
“ So it cost him $ 5 to get me a 3 - cent stamp , ” Dale said .
Homemade Turkish Meatballs known as kofte are the best things to happen on your dinner table .
These are spicy , tender and perfectly juicy .
It ’s not a secret any more to make meatballs at home that are much tastier than store - bought ones .
I learnt how to make such scrumptious meatballs from a small meatball restaurant ( Small ones are always better than the big ones at making meatballs ) .
We often go there and one day I could n’t wait any longer to ask for their kofte recipe .
The chef was so kind that he did n’t make me beg for it .
He said “ I ’ll give my recipe provided that you wo n’t tell it to other chefs . ”
And added “ You ’re not planning to open a köfte restaurant here , do you ? ”
What Is Kofte ?
Kofte is the term used in Turkish cuisine for meatballs .
It is a ball shaped ground beef dish .
In a basic kofte recipe , ground beef is combined with bread crumbs , onion , garlic and spices .
Then shaped in balls and cooked over grill , stove or in oven .
There are zillions of varieties in the country and I ’m sharing the most common kofta recipe here .
You can serve these either on a plate with some pita on the side or in a sandwich bread .
Either way , these are super delicious !
Turkish Kofta Spice Mix
Although what spices to add in a kofta mixture is up to your taste , the best Turkish kofte has the following spices : salt , cumin , black pepper and dried thyme .
In addition to these , some kofta recipes include a few more spices such as chili powder and red pepper flakes or Aleppo pepper .
These are basic spices we use when making Turkish kofta , but you can get creative and add your favorite spices as well .
I sometimes add a pinch of cinnamon or curry powder when we need a change , but these are not included in an authentic Turkish kofta recipe .
Turkish Kofte Recipe Ingredients
We mostly make it with ground beef , that is 80 % lean .
If you like the flavor of lamb , you can use a combination of lamb and beef .
It will become even moister that way .
Besides ground beef , we use kofte spice mix , onions , garlic and bread crumbs .
Mom adds finely chopped parsley in the mixture and I love it too .
It makes a wonderful twist on classic meatballs .
Key Ingredients For The Fluffiest Turkish Kofte
Besides the ingredients above , there are three ingredients that will help you have fluffy meatballs .
These are : baking soda , lemon juice and water .
Mix these in a small bowl and pour in the ground beef mixture .
Combine them all and let the mixture sit in the refrigerator at least 2 - 3 hours for the best result .
How To Make Kofte Recipe
This is the best kofte recipe I ’ve ever made .
If I can make it , you can too .
It has five easy parts :
First , in a large bowl , combine ground beef , bread crumbs , onion and garlic .
Add in spices .
Second , in a small bowl mix baking soda lemon juice and water .
Pour it in the ground beef mixture .
Third , using your hand , mix everything well .
Knead it for about 5 minutes and chill in the refrigerator covered for 2 - 3 hours .
Fourth , roll the mixture into balls .
Brush a large plate with a little olive oil and place each meatball on it .
Olive oil will prevent them from sticking on the plate .
Fifth , cook the meatballs in a cast iron pan in batches .
Heat a little oil in the pan and place the meatballs in it .
Cook them over high heat first for about 30 seconds , flipping them over .
Then bring the heat to the lowest and keep cooking until done , shaking the pan occasionally .
Tips On Turkish Meatballs from Scratch
It is simple and easy to make these at home but has some secrets .
You feel that there is always something missing in your homemade koftes .
When you make Turkish meatballs from scratch , you need to know some tips to make them as tasty and juicy as the ones you eat out .
What makes Turkish meatballs that tasty is the type of meat used .
You need to buy the right ground beef for flavorsome meatballs .
Forget about lean ground beef and ask for 20 % fat , which means 80 % lean .
You need fat to keep your meatballs moist on the inside .
Another thing when buying ground beef is asking for freshly ground .
Do n’t buy packaged ground beef , you can never be sure the type of beef inside those packages .
Also , it ’s not good when it sits for a long time .
Finally , have it double ground .
The key ingredient for oh - so - good meatballs is baking soda .
It helps them have that tenderness .
You need to prepare the meatball mixture and let it rest in the refrigerator for 2 - 3 hours .
Overnight is the best .
You should dice the onions super finely and remove any excessive juice .
If you are at home and do n’t have a grill or barbecue , the best way to cook Turkish meatballs is in a cast iron pan .
Start cooking them on the highest heat , flipping them over so that all sides equally change the color , for 2 minutes .
Then bring it to the lowest heat and continue cooking until done , for about 10 minutes .
What To Serve With Turkish Beef Kofta
Meatballs are probably the best Turkish fast food you can either eat out or make at home .
You can find its several varieties in each city around the country .
Typical Turkish meatballs are grilled and served with a traditional Turkish bean salad called piyaz , coban salad or pilaf with bulgur and lentils on the side .
Turkish cold cucumber dip aka cacik ( in Turkish ) or tzatziki ( in Greek ) gives a nice refreshment when served with meatballs .
Other sides to serve with meatballs are herbs , pickles , hot tomato sauce , roasted onions , garlic or peppers .
These are accompanied by yogurt drink ayran , which is a cold yogurt drink that goes well with any meat .
Can Kofte Be Frozen ?
Moms in Turkey have always meatballs in the freezer and these are their number one option whenever they feel stuck to decide what to cook for dinner .
It ’s for sure that their family will devour it .
They can cook these kofte meatballs in several different ways :
Simply fry them , grill on an iron pan , cook in a pot with tomato sauce or make a Middle Eastern eggplant dish in oven .
How to Freeze Homemade Meatballs :
Form the ground beef mixture into patties .
Lay them over a large plate in a single layer .
Let them sit in the freezer for 15 - 20 minutes .
Remove from the freezer and put them in freezer bags .
They do n’t stick to one another this way .
You can take the meatballs straight from the freezer and cook .
No need for defrosting .
You can imagine how time and life saving it is when you have starving people running around you on a busy weekday .
You wo n’t want to buy meatballs from stores anymore once you try this recipe .
I highly recommend you to make a big batch of these kofte patties and freeze them for busy weeknight dinners .
Sometimes I form the patties larger , just as big as burgers and turn my Turkish meatballs into amazing hamburgers .
Other Homemade Meatball Recipe Ideas
Gluten Free Meatballs
Chili Sauce Meatballs
Cheesy Meatball Pasta Bake
Meatballs and Potatoes
Meatballs With Cheese Center
Sweet and Sour Meatballs ( Slow Cooker ) from Dinner At The Zoo
Other Turkish Recipes You Might Like
Baked Chicken Kabobs
Lamb Shish Kebab
Turkish Menemen
Turkish Rice
Homemade Turkish Meatballs Kofte Recipe ★★★★★ 5 from 5 reviews Spicy and juicy Turkish meatballs from scratch .
You can use the same recipe to make hamburgers .
Author : Zerrin
Prep Time : 8 hours
Cook Time : 20 minutes
Total Time : 8 hours 20 minutes
Yield : 50 meatballs 1 x
Category : Dinner
Method : Cooking
Cuisine : Turkish Scale 1 x 2 x 3 x Ingredients 2 pounds ground beef , 80 % lean
pounds ground beef , 80 % lean ½ cup breadcrumbs
breadcrumbs 2 onions , finely diced and excessive juice removed
onions , finely diced and excessive juice removed 4 cloves garlic , mashed ( optional )
cloves garlic , mashed ( optional ) 1 teaspoon baking soda
baking soda ¼ cup water
water 1 teaspoon lemon juice
lemon juice 1 teaspoon cumin
cumin 1 teaspoon black pepper
black pepper 1 teaspoon chili powder , optional
chili powder , optional 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes or Aleppo pepper , optional
red pepper flakes or Aleppo pepper , optional 1 teaspoon dried thyme
dried thyme 1 and 1/2 teaspoon salt Instructions
In a large bowl , combine ground beef , breadcrumbs , finely diced onion and mashed garlic .
Add in the spices .
In a small bowl , mix baking soda , water and lemon juice .
Pour this into the ground beef mixture .
Mix well with your hand .
Knead it for 5 minutes so that everything is combined well .
Cover and let it sit in the refrigerator overnight or at least 2 - 3 hours .
Roll them into meatballs .
Brush a cast iron pan with little oil and heat it .
Cook the meatballs over the higest heat , flipping them over so that all sides are slightly cooked .
Bring it to the lowest and continue cooking until done for about 10 minutes , shaking the pan or flipping them over occasionally .
Cook the meatballs in batches until they finish or save some to freeze .
Notes
If you ca n’t find 80 % lean beef , use a mixture of lamb and beef ( 50 % lamb , 50 % beef ) .
Prep time includes waiting the meatballs in the refrigerator .
Keywords : kofte recipe , turkish meatballs , kofta recipe
The post was originally published in 2009 and has been updated with new pictures .
Head Snowboards has released their 2009 team video , HEAD Banger .
The movie documents the shred of last season as the team bounced and bonked around the USA , Japan and Europe .
The HEAD Banger snowboard video features the riding of Christophe Schmidt , Shayne Pospisil , Fredrik Evensen , Dan Wakeham , Thomas Franc , Tom + Klocker , Per Loken , Alex Tank and many more .
And the real banger is that you can check all 26 minutes of HEAD Banger for free at the Head Snowboards website .
HEAD Banger Snowboard Movie Teaser
La orden de aprehensi�n en contra del dirigente minero , Napole�n G�mez Urrutia , librada por la SIEDO , se sustenta en una investigaci�n de m�s de tres a�os ; se le acusa , entre otras cosas , de lavado de dinero
Ciudad de M�xico | S�bado 05 de septiembre de 2009
Juli�n S�nchez | El Universal
19:03
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Despite concerted government - led and lender - supported efforts to prevent foreclosures , the number of filings hit a record high in the third quarter , according to a report issued Thursday .
" They were the worst three months of all time , " said Rick Sharga , spokesman for RealtyTrac , an online marketer of foreclosed homes .
During that time , 937,840 homes received a foreclosure letter -- whether a default notice , auction notice or bank repossession , the Realty Trac report said .
That means one in every 136 U.S. homes were in foreclosure , which is a 5 % increase from the second quarter and a 23 % jump over the third quarter of 2008 .
Nevada continued to be the worst - hit state with one filing for every 23 households .
But even tranquil Vermont , where the foreclosure crisis has barely brushed the housing market , saw foreclosure filings jump nearly 170 % compared with the third quarter of 2008 .
Still , that resulted in just one filing for every 5,023 households in the state -- the best record in the country .
The RealtyTrac report also unveiled the results for September , and it found that there was slight relief from foreclosure filings .
Last month , notices totaled 343,638 , down 4 % compared with August .
Unfortunately , that total accounts for 87,821 homes that were repossessed by lenders .
That deluge contributed significantly to the quarter 's record 237,052 repossessions , a 21 % jump from the previous three months .
So far this year lenders have taken back 623,852 homes .
" REO activity increased from the previous quarter in all but two states and the District of Columbia , indicating that lenders may be starting to work through some of the pent - up foreclosure inventory caused by legislative delays , loan - modification efforts and high volumes of distressed properties , " James Saccacio , Realty Trac 's CEO , said in a statement .
Most disturbing is that all foreclosures -- not just repossessions -- are rampant despite efforts to corral them .
Not only has the Obama administration 's Making Home Affordable foreclosure prevention program taken a bite out of REOs but lenders themselves have scaled back repossessions over the past few months to give the program time to work .
And in some low - price markets , lenders simply are n't following through on foreclosures , according to Jim Rokakis , treasurer for Cuyahoga County , Ohio , which includes Cleveland .
" They 'll even set the date for the sheriff 's sale , but they do n't file the final papers , " he said .
" They hold it in abeyance and let the residents stay in the house . "
In ever more frequent cases , delinquent borrowers want out of the mortgage worse than the lenders .
There are no firm statistics for it , but many industry watchers claim the percentage of REOs caused by borrowers voluntarily walking away from their homes is skyrocketing .
A study of the trend by the Chicago Booth School of Business and the Kellogg School of Management determined that when home price declines drop home values 10 % below the mortgage balances , people start to give up their homes .
When " negative equity " approaches 50 % , 17 % of households default , even when they can still afford their mortgage payments .
No end in sight
The foreclosure crisis may not diminish anytime soon .
" The fastest growing area is in the 180 days late - plus category , the most seriously delinquent borrowers , " Sharga said .
" It 's going to be a lingering problem . "
Plus , the RealtyTrac statistics may understate the depth of the foreclosure mess because lender and government actions have delayed many filings .
As a result , some delinquencies have not been counted on the foreclosure tallies .
That means the crisis may not end quickly .
And because there are so many delinquent borrowers , Sharga predicts the banks will be slow to take back their properties and put the repossessed homes back on the market .
" It 's hard to envision [ the banks ] putting millions on properties up for sale and cratering prices , " he said .
" Recovery will be slow and gradual .
I do n't see home prices getting much better until 2013 . "
Although advances in medical care have improved standards of living over time , humans are n't entirely sheltered from the forces of natural selection , a new study shows .
" There is this idea that because medicine has been so good at reducing mortality rates , that means that natural selection is no longer operating in humans , " said Stephen Stearns of Yale University .
A recent analysis by Stearns and colleagues turns this idea on its head .
As part of a working group sponsored by the National Evolutionary Synthesis Center in Durham , NC , the team of researchers decided to find out if natural selection — a major driving force of evolution — is still at work in humans today .
The result ?
Human evolution has n't ground to a halt .
In fact , we 're likely to evolve at roughly the same rates as other living things , findings suggest .
Taking advantage of data collected as part of a 60 - year study of more than 2000 North American women in the Framingham Heart Study , the researchers analyzed a handful of traits important to human health .
By measuring the effects of these traits on the number of children the women had over their lifetime , the researchers were able to estimate the strength of selection and make short - term predictions about how each trait might evolve in the future .
After adjusting for factors such as education and smoking , their models predict that the descendents of these women will be slightly shorter and heavier , will have lower blood pressure and cholesterol , will have their first child at a younger age , and will reach menopause later in life .
" The take - home message is that humans are currently evolving , " said Stearns .
" Natural selection is still operating . "
The changes may be slow and gradual , but the predicted rates of change are no different from those observed elsewhere in nature , the researchers say .
" The evolution that 's going on in the Framingham women is like average rates of evolution measured in other plants and animals , " said Stearns .
" These results place humans in the medium - to - slow end of the range of rates observed for other living things , " he added .
" But what that means is that humans are n't special with respect to how fast they 're evolving .
They 're kind of average . "
Additional authors on the study were Sean Byars of Yale University , Douglas Ewbank of the University of Pennsylvania , and Diddahally Govindaraju of Boston University .
The team 's findings were published online in the October 19th issue of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The National Evolutionary Synthesis Center ( NESCent ) is an NSF - funded collaborative research center operated by Duke University , the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , and North Carolina State University .
Body Found Assumed to Be Missing Yale Bride Annie Le Police " assuming " body found in wall of lab to be missing Yale bride Annie Le .
Sept. 13 , 2009  --
Investigators searching for missing
Yale graduate student Annie Le found what they believe to be the girl 's remains in a wall of a Yale laboratory , police said tonight .
" We did locate the remains of a human .
...
We are assuming that it is her at this time , " New Haven assistant police chief Peter Reichard told reporters in a brief press conference .
Police are treating the case as a homicide , Reichard said .
Le was to be married today .
The body was found shortly after 5 p.m. in the wall of the Yale Amistad Street research laboratory where Le was last seen Tuesday , police said .
On video surveillance , Le was seen entering the lab , but not leaving .
The find could end a massive search by state and federal authorities that expanded today to a Connecticut waste - processeing facility in addition to the Yale lab in the hopes of finding clues to her mysterious disappearance .
Using cadaver - sniffing dogs in round - the - clock shifts , FBI agents and state troopers dressed in hazardous - material suits began searching the facility in Hartford late Saturday night .
Yale president Richard Levin announced the discovery in a letter to the university 's staff and students tonight .
" It is my tragic duty to report that the body of a female was found in the basement of the Amistad Building late this afternoon .
The identity of the woman has not yet been established , " Levin 's letter said .
" Law enforcement officials remain on the scene ; this is an active investigation , and we hope it is resolved quickly . "
Le and fiance Jonathan Widawsky were to be married today at a ceremony on Long Island , N.Y .
Wedding gifts were left outside Widawky 's family 's home .
Earlier today , investigators said they were examining items recovered from inside the lab building , but did not confirm published reports that those items included bloody clothing , reportedly found inside the ceiling of the lab .
The mystery of Le 's disappearance intensified Saturday when FBI agents said that surveillance video showed Le entering the Amistad Building on Yale 's campus , but despite there being more than 70 cameras in and around the building , there was no video of her ever leaving .
Le was due to marry Jonathan Widawsky today , which had originally led to questions about whether the 24 - year - old pharmacology student had gotten cold feet and ran away , or whether she was the victim of foul play .
In an exclusive interview with " Good Morning America " Saturday , a friend of Le's who came to New York to attend the wedding said the bride - to - be was excited about getting married and would not have run away to avoid the wedding .
" Everything was good .
There was nothing that would make us believe that she was having second thoughts or anything like that , " said Vanessa Flores , a close friend and former roommate of Le's .
" She 's a very conscientious person .
This thing has been planned for more than a year , and she was just very excited about it , " Flores said .
The Long Island wedding was canceled just as more than 100 local , state and federal law enforcement officials descended on the university , pouring over video footage from some 75 cameras near where Le was last seen .
" They are going frame by frame , looking at every image , " Yale spokesman Tom Conroy told The Associated Press .
Police scanned blueprints of the lab and brought in blood sniffing dogs , paying particular attention to the building 's basement .
Yale has also offered a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to Le 's whereabouts .
A Prescient Article Written by Le
Adding to the intrigue surrounding the case is a magazine article
Le wrote for a campus magazine earlier this year about how to stay safe on the Ivy League campus .
The article , titled " Crime and Safety in New Haven , " was published in February in a magazine produced by Yale 's medical school and compares higher instances of robbery in New Haven to other cities with Ivy League universities .
" In short , New Haven is a city and all cities have their perils , " Le wrote .
" But with little street smarts , one can avoid becoming yet another statistic . "
Le , who is 4 - foot - 11 and 90 pounds , was least seen entering the laboratory around 10 a.m. Tuesday .
Her purse , cell phone and other belongings were left in the lab .
" She left her pocketbook , her cell phone , everything in the lab , " Le 's co-worker Debbie Apuzzo said .
Le 's Facebook page shows the 24 - year - old student posing in wedding dresses and smiling with fiance Widawsky , a Columbia University graduate student in physics whom she described as her best friend .
" He 's an amazing kid , just a wonderful , wonderful boy , and he must be heartbroken , " said Widawsky 's friend Linda Matychack .
" I just ca n't imagine . "
Le 's face is plastered on missing persons posters and an electronic billboard along Connecticut 's Interstate 91 .
ABC News ' Lee Ferran contributed to this report .
The Memo states that some mothers have called what their batterer is doing " parental alienation syndrome [ PAS ] . "
PAS has fallen into disfavor among a large segment of the APA and the ABA Family Law Section , largely due to discrediting of the work of Dr. Richard Gardener , who coined the term .
Thus , according to the memo , the label can be turned against a custodial parent using it .
The Leadership Council on Child Abuse and Interpersonal Violence has promoted a new concept to distinguish mother 's protective actions from what abusers do .
It is called Domestic Violence by Proxy .
You can download a 2 page memo on it from their web site at http://www.leadershipcouncil.org/1/pas/DVP.html
The tiny url is http://tinyurl.com/y8j9uxt
In reality , the memo says , what these women are describing from their ex-partners is better termed Domestic Violence by Proxy ( DV by Proxy ) , a term first used by Alina Patterson , author of Health and Healing .
DV by Proxy refers to a pattern of behavior which is a parent with a history of using domestic violence or intimidation , uses a child as a substitute when he no longer has access to his former partner .
Calling this behavior “ parental alienation ” is not strong enough to convey the criminal pattern of terroristic behaviors employed by batterers .
Many useful links are found with the memo .
This article was called to my attention by Joan Zorza , JD , the founding editor of the Domestic Violence Report and Sexual Assault Report .
Zorza was a 10 - year board member of the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence ; Liaison , American Bar Association Commission on Domestic Violence ; Former Senior Attorney , National Battered Women 's Law Project of the National Center on Women and Family Law .
She no longer represents clients .
Thank you Joan for the heads up .
There are many agencies available to help women and their families to escape and / or to prevent family violence .
See , for example :
Domestic violence resources ·
New Visions : Alliance to End Violence in Asian / Asian American Communities Tel. 734-615-2106 Email newvisions@umich.edu
Asian & Pacific Islander Institute on Domestic Violence
Tel. 415-954-9988 , ext. 315 Email : apidvinstitute@apiahf.org
Asian / Pacific Islander Domestic Violence Resource Project
Michigan Battered Women 's Clemency Project
Email : Jacobsen@umich.edu
National Center for Injury Prevention and Control
Intimate Partner Violence Fact Sheet
National Institute of Justice and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
" Full Report of the Prevalence , Incidence and Consequences of Violence Against Women "
A collection of news articles concerning domestic violence and sexual violence is found here on the website of the National Center on Domestic and Sexual Violence
If you need crisis help :
Michigan Asian Indian Family Services
24 - hour line : 888-664-8624
Help Against Violent Encounters Now ( HAVEN )
24 - hour line : 248-334-1274
Domestic Violence Project / SAFE
House
24 - hour line : 734-995-5444
Detroit Police Department Rape Counseling Center and Domestic Violence
24 - hour lines : 313-833-1660 or 313-833-9813
Michigan Coalition Against Domestic and Sexual Violence Domestic violence service providers in Michigan
To contact Jeanne Hannah with your questions or to view her Family Law website , click here .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Renault has announced that team boss Flavio Briatore and engineering chief Pat Symonds have parted company with the team and that it will " not dispute " the allegations of race - fixing when it appears before the World Motor Sport Council next week .
The team had been accused of asking driver Nelson Piquet to crash deliberately during last year 's Singapore Grand Prix in order to cause a safety car period that would work to his team - mate Fernando Alonso 's advantage .
The Spaniard went on to win the race .
" The ING Renault F1 Team will not dispute the recent allegations made by the FIA concerning the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix , " said a statement from the team .
" It also wishes to state that its managing director , Flavio Briatore and its executive director of engineering , Pat Symonds , have left the team .
" Before attending the hearing before the FIA World Motor Sport Council in Paris on 21 September 2009 , the team will not make any further comment . "
Shortly before losing his drive with Renault , Piquet approached the FIA with the allegation that Briatore and Symonds had asked him to cause a deliberate accident that would bring out the safety car in Singapore , and that his heavy crash on lap 14 of the race had therefore been pre-planned .
Alonso - who had been a contender for pole until a qualifying fuel pump failure left him only 15th on the grid - had made a very early pitstop just before the caution caused by Piquet 's crash and duly vaulted to the front of the field , from where he delivered Renault 's first victory of a difficult season .
FIA investigators quizzed Briatore , Symonds and other team members over the incident during the Belgian GP weekend , and subsequently announced that the team would face a World Motor Sport Council hearing in Paris on 21 September .
Evidence , including Piquet 's statement , telemetry details and radio transmissions , was leaked to the media during last weekend 's Monza event , which also saw Renault announce that it would take legal action against Piquet and his triple world champion father Nelson , accusing both of blackmail .
The saga then took another twist when it emerged that the FIA had offered Symonds immunity at the hearing in exchange for full disclosure of the facts surrounding the Singapore incident .
As the Renault team - rather than Briatore and Symonds themselves - has been charged over the allegations , today 's announcement by the team is unlikely to have any bearing on next week 's hearing .
Wyoming , with an economy marked by farming , ranching and small businesses , has a disproportionate number of people without medical insurance .
And by that measure and others , its people are among the likely winners if Congress approves a healthcare overhaul .
But if Republican Sen. Michael B. Enzi was expecting a pat on the back from his constituents for working with some of his fellow senators to seek bipartisan agreement on the issue , he was disappointed .
Last week , Enzi held a town hall meeting in his hometown of Gillette .
And when he told the 500 people in the audience that he believed both sides could eventually strike a deal , it turned out that was n’t a popular thing to say .
A state legislator even stood up and demanded that Enzi pull out of the congressional talks altogether , and was widely applauded by the audience .
Advertisement
The scene in Gillette was replicated in towns across the U.S. last month , as screaming taxpayers filled TV screens with criticism of healthcare proposals .
The clashes dramatized a conundrum faced by lawmakers such as Enzi who are seeking compromises .
Some of the most vociferous opposition to the proposals before the House and Senate comes from residents of rural states that could benefit most if the present system is revamped .
“ The states that tend to be more conservative have a higher rate of people who are uninsured , ” said Ron Pollack , executive director of FamiliesUSA , which backs a healthcare overhaul .
“ As a result , healthcare reform is going to provide a disproportionate amount of resources to those states . ”
In Wyoming , for example , nearly 1 in 3 people younger than 65 went without health insurance at some point during the last two years , according to Pollack ’s group .
A huge majority of the uninsured have jobs , but work for employers who do n’t provide coverage .
Advertisement
--
Fewer options
The problem pervades other rural states as well , where a high percentage of employers are small businesses .
Although there is a consensus in Congress for keeping the current employer - based system of medical insurance , that system is riddled with holes in coverage that disproportionately affect rural states .
In addition , both in the West and South , such states tend to set higher thresholds for Medicaid eligibility , leaving few options for low - income earners who ca n’t afford individual insurance coverage .
Advertisement
Moreover , residents of rural states often have lower incomes than those in other parts of the country .
It ’s more difficult to find healthcare providers .
And they have little , if any , choice in the private insurance market , which is typically dominated by one or two companies in a region .
Given that reality , it may not be surprising that senators from these states have been the most active in the effort to salvage a bipartisan compromise on healthcare .
Sens. Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) and Charles E. Grassley ( R - Iowa ) , who hold top posts on the Senate Finance Committee , are part of a group of senators still talking about a deal , along with Enzi , Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) , Jeff Bingaman ( D - N.M. ) and Olympia J. Snowe ( R - Maine ) .
If they fail , the Democratic leadership in the Senate has threatened to ram a bill through without GOP backers .
Although Enzi has said that he wants to find common ground on healthcare , his public remarks have become more polarized during the congressional recess .
Advertisement
“ The Democrats are trying to rush a bill through the process that will actually make our nation ’s finances sicker without saving you money , ” Enzi said in the GOP ’s weekly radio address Saturday .
Eric Wedell , a Wyoming physician and governor of the state chapter of the American College of Physicians , applauded Enzi ’s efforts to broker a compromise .
Enzi “ is continuing to work hard on healthcare reform because he knows we need it , ” Wedell said .
But another Wyoming physician , Timothy Hallinan , disagreed , saying it would be better to have no bill than to have the kind Enzi is negotiating .
It was Hallinan , a state representative , who demanded at the meeting in Gillette that Enzi stop working with Democrats .
Advertisement
“ Perhaps Sen .
Enzi will get the most egregious -- in his and my view -- items dropped through compromise .
Nonetheless , the compromised bill will be going in the wrong direction and must be seen as a down payment on where the current majority plans to go -- a complete takeover of medical practice by the federal government , ” Hallinan said .
“ I would rather see no bill than that .
I suspect that a large percentage of the American population agrees , ” he added .
“ I know that a big majority here in my district agrees with me . ”
--
Potential benefits
Advertisement
Although much attention has been focused on whether the ultimate legislation will provide for a government - run insurer or a series of private health cooperatives to help cover the uninsured , the bill is also expected to increase eligibility for Medicare and Medicaid , which could provide a lift to states like Wyoming .
“ Things that are enormously important are getting less attention , ” lamented Pollack of FamiliesUSA .
Rural , conservative states , he said , “ are going to get the influx of new federal dollars . ”
But those opposed to the proposals , such as Hallinan , point to the cost .
Even at current coverage levels , Medicare and Medicaid spending is expected to vastly increase the country ’s debt .
Others are simply nervous about more government involvement in healthcare .
Although centralized government can often deliver healthcare services more efficiently , “ it runs counter to perhaps the rugged individualism on which America is built -- where everything is available for everybody , ” said Diane Rowland , executive vice president of the nonprofit Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation .
Advertisement
In Iowa , where almost 70 % of those who are uninsured have jobs , Grassley has faced combative audiences in a series of town halls , to the extent that speculation has risen that he will pull out of negotiations .
But Jack Hatch , a Democratic state senator from Des Moines , said that much of the anger and uncertainty in Iowa was directed at Wall Street bailouts , the stimulus and other government spending .
“ I ’ve been to a half a dozen of these , ” Hatch said .
“ There are maybe 15 to 20 % of the people who are just angry with everything .
They ’re angry with their economic situation .
“ They ’re afraid of any kind of deficit spending , ” said Hatch , part of a White House - led effort to enlist state lawmakers to promote the legislation .
“ When we shift to healthcare , there ’s a lot less noise and a lot more questions . ”
Advertisement
But he admitted that opponents of the plans had succeeded in making Iowans nervous -- and that supporters would have to sharpen their message in states such as his .
“ All we have to do is get the people to listen through the screams of this small minority , ” he said .
“ We have to be more vocal and fight back . ”
--
j oliphant@latimes.com
Wilbur the pig is scared of the end of the season , because he knows that come that time , he will end up on the dinner table .
He hatches a plan with Charlotte , a spider that lives in his pen , to ensure that this will never happen .
Episode / Incident In Assam State :
“… Our houses are situated within India , but right on the ‘ Zero Line ’ of the Indo - Bangla International Border .
We are feeling insecure because , our houses have gone beyond the International Barbed Wire Border Fencing ( IBWBF ) .
As a result of this , the Bangladeshi miscreants always not only steal away our cows , food - grains and others properties but also cut our crops as we ca n’t go and protect it .
Even , sometimes they have wanted to take shelter forcibly in our house on gunpoint after committed crimes in their respective lands .
Most dangerous thing is that few months ago ( around early of the year 1998 ) , our neighbour , Narayan Barman was kidnapped by the Bangladeshi miscreants , when he was working his paddy fields , which is outside of the IBWBF and kept him captive around 03 months .
To combat this illegal activities of the Bangladeshi criminals , the village people set up Village Defense Party ( VDP ) with the strength of 50 to 60 young and middle - aged men and the young chaps , who exercise their patrolling duty by term round - the - clock ….. ” , revealed Prafulla Kumar Roy , inhabitant of Bhogdanga - kutti village and Narayan Barman , of Bishkhowa village .
Both hamlets are situated in Dhubri district of Eastern Indian State , Assam .
Episode / Incident In Tripura State :
“… ‘ Partition ’ has created peculiar demographic land problems .
I am the inhabitant of the International Border Village ( IBV ) .
The front part of my house ( where I sleep ) lies in Indian territory , while my adobe ’s hind part in Bangladesh .
The Government of India wants to build the IBWBF on the courtyard of my house that lies on the international boundary to tackle the problems like illegal infiltration , smuggling , pan-Islamic religious fundamentalism , anti-Indian activities , insurgency and what not …?
But , this is not the way ; you never do such kind of things , which is not logical and precise .
You have no right to divide our house , people , relatives , language , food , culture and dress .
As a cultured person , I may say , this has happened due to not only the drawing of an ‘ illogical ’ and ‘ unscientific ’ arbitrary line by the so - called British Engineer , Sir Cyril Radcliff , who divided the two nations ( India and Pakistan ) to create the two countries in the year – 1947 , but also even , after the partition ( that is , presently ) , when a sections of so - called ‘ engineer ’ or ‘ official ’ of the Indian Central Public Works Department ( ICPWD ) have made the IBWBF without our proper consent , interest , safety and security !
As a result , today , my paternal house is situated on the ‘ zero - line ’ area and my total house is outside of the IBWBF !
I think it expresses the idiocy of a section of policy makers of the Indian Home Ministry Department , who have suggested and sanctioned the IBWBF as well .
The contractors and the so - called officials want to build the IBWBF only because for make easy and quick money , and nothing else .
Its ’ as simple as that without proper check and verify how they can erect it ?
While it shows the lacks of the importance of the socio- economic - cultural system of our society .
It ’s really not only unfortunate for us but also painful .
My family and I are required to cross the international borderline many a times a day in order to enjoy my home life .
Beside , me , there are many such other peoples of our hamlet that lie on the international border too , who are become to compel to use this ‘ movement ’ ( that is , cross and re-cross the international border ) or carry out their works properly in several times a day .
Because , half of our IBV houses or kitchens or bedrooms or toilets have on Bangladesh territory and the rest of the Indian sides .
Now , let me tell , what can I / we do ?
I / we ca n’t leave my native place or motherland , whatever you called .
So , in this context , if anybody call me / us Bangladeshi , yes ; I / we r Bangladeshi and I / we r proud of that .
…
Ok , if you think it is good for our society and the country as well , we will certainly welcome .
But , you have to first relocate us properly and then to provide us compensation against our lands ….. ” , said angrily young boy Nayan Khan of Jaipur village under West Tripura district of Eastern Indian State , Tripura .
Episode / Incident In West Bengal State :
“… It is our misfortune that we the people of Bijayapur have to be Bangladeshi though we are the bona - fide citizens of India .
Not only that one day , to resist the anti-Indian activities , ones my husband ’s elder brother gets bullet hit injury , when a certain vicious circle of Bangladesh is carrying on looting and plundering our properties from their respective borderline villages .
Moreover , sometimes , question on the chastity come upon our village women and minor girls also .
I ca n’t understand , what to be done .
Government of India can assure our security if it intends to do so .
But , we do n’t understand the policy of the Government of India ( whether it is the State and the Central ) for not providing security to us , its own citizens ….. ” , pointed out despondent Sushama Biswas , wife of Bikash Biswas of Bijayapur denizen that lies on the Indo - Bangla international borderline beyond IBWBF of Nadia district of the Northeastern Indian State , West Bengal .
Episode / Incident In Meghalaya State :
“ ….. On May , 2001 , in the early morning , around 09:00 am , a group of 10 Bangladeshi villagers illegally intruded in our territory and tried not only to plough our agricultural land , but also have stolen our crops .
Seeing this , our tribal village people raised physical protests , but the notorious Bangladeshi villagers did n’t pay any heed to it .
They threatened that they will take away our village people as hostages if we resist their ‘ work ’ .
Within a few minutes , the number of the Bangladeshis grows quickly and there were close to 50 at one point .
Finding no other alternative , our people informed the nearest International Border Out Post ( IBOP ) staffed by the Border Security Force of India ( BSFI ) .
The BSFI soldiers fired one warning round in the air and forced the Bangladeshi intruders recoiled and fled .
… Look , IBWBF has created unnecessary difficulties in our life and nothing else .
It is rather giving a sleepless night .
Because , our land and landed property have gone beyond the IBWBF .
The members of my family and our neighbours are cultivators , who are facing same problems and required to go their land beyond the fencing to carry out the works – cultivation , all day .
Because , here the farming has been carrying out till last inch of the zero-line .
Even , though , in general , the boundary has no hindrances , but , densely populated also .
The key of the International Border Gate ( IBG ) through , which the IBV peoples go to their respective lands , is kept with the Indian frontier guard - BSFI on duty .
The BSFI personnel open the IBG three times each day .
So , cultivators of this village , whose plots of land lie beyond the fencing wait for the time of opening and closing the IBG .
The BSFI soldiers can’t protect us and our food - grains and others ( like : paddy , wheat , mustard - seeds , vegetables and jute et cetera ) , bulls , cows , ( which draw ploughs ) properly , for the Bangladeshis often come to our respective lands and steal away our produced crops , which creates day - to - day incidents …. ” , a permanent settler said .
He lives in the Khashi hamlet , Patharghat near Shella in the East Khashi Hills district of Northeastern Indian State , Meghalaya , near IBPN – 1239 .
Episode / Incident In Mizoram State :
“… The situation of our International Border Village People ( IBVP )s of the India - Bangladesh International Border in the Indian Mizoram State Sector is very wobbly .
Our IBVPs of the IBVs , Bindiasora and Tarabonye , who have fallen outside the IBWBF feared for their security threat by the Bangladeshi anti-social elements , which are carried out their illegal activities with the help of BDR soldiers .
It is true that our entire IBV Tarabonye has fallen outside of the IBWBF and the families are prevented by the personnel of the Bangladesh frontier guard – Bangladesh Defence Rifles ( BDR ) from collecting river sand for sale , which was earlier their major source of income .
Even , we informed former Indian Mizoram State Chief Secretary , Haukhum Hauzel that about 75 to 80 IBV families of the IBV , Bindiasora have also fallen in the outside of the IBWBF ” , mentioned IBVPs of the Bindiasora IBV .
So , the Government of India ( GOI ) has wanted to end the chaotic law and order situation on the international border , which created by the Bangladeshis time - to - time and for this the GOI has started to erect IBWBF between the IBPN - 2301 to IBPN - 2358 of the India - Bangladesh International Border in the Indian Mizoram State Frontier Sector in the year , 2006 .
But , due to erecting of the IBWBF on the international boundary , our IBVPs have lost everything .
Apart from loss of their immovable assets like homes , horticulture gardens , farming - lands ( vegetables and other cash crops ) , plantation - lands ( tree plantations of high commercial values like teak and others ) , the IBVPs have also lost Indian Mizoram State Government and community properties like schools , health sub-centres , water supply , council office buildings , market places , water ponds , play - grounds , community - halls , places of worship , cemetery or grave yards , et cetera and other properties to make way for the IBWBF .
These IBVPs get no compensation ( except a few inhabitants , who get very minimum amounts ) nor get any lands for rehabilitation , where they can carry out their day - to - day farming as well as to live peacefully .
A young Chakma boy , who lives on the IBV Tarabonye of Mamit district of the eastern Indian State , Mizoram said “ Due to the erection of the IBWBF , the number of attacks are increasing daily in our IBV areas , with the help of BDR , ” .
‘ Migration ’ cannot stop by the ‘ law ’ , ‘ force ’ and ‘ protest ’ .
It is a natural process .
After sunrise , many hundreds of Bangladeshi nationals , who have been crowded into Bangladeshi infested or adjacent Indo -Bangla international bordering towns and semi-towns of the Northeast Indian States ( specially , Assam , West Bengal , Tripura , Meghalaya ) cross the international border .
To keep attention on this particular issue , the local Indian International Border Village ( IBV ) peoples admitted , “ Nowadays , some ‘ new ’ settlements of Bangladeshi Muslims are seen in the extreme points of the international border zones constantly , which have already created not only help to incite the illegal infiltration , but also help to buck up the anti-social works like smuggling , fanatic religious fundamental activities , anti-Indian activities et cetera .
It has now become a regular process .
It is also fact that a huge quantity of illegal Bangladeshi floating population exists in the Indian States , who are mostly adopted the job of either Rickshaw - puller or labour and earns Rs. 50 to Rs. 75 a day to pass their life .
Interesting fact is that none of them possess the necessary required documents or licenses ” .
The story of this Bangladeshi ‘ labour class ’ is very exciting .
As daylight breaks , the Bangladeshi male - head with his wife and children cross over the international border from Akhaura place of Bangladesh and enter into the Indian land , Agartala , the capital of Eastern Indian State , Tripura .
Having reached their destination Agartala ( India ) the male - head goes to hire either a rickshaw to ferry the passengers or a handbarrow to carry goods , while the female one begins her day as a maidservant or work as labour in the construction - site and for their children , it is the moment to locate his or her associates to rove on the streets and lanes gathering ‘ valuable ’ rubbish articles from drains and debris , even garbage .
In the twilight , the whole family has gathered in a ‘ particular point ’ after finish their respective works and the male - head buys rice , vegetables and others necessary materials of the family from the local bazaar and proceed to their own native village , Bangladesh .
“ It is true that during the dawn , the Bangladeshi nationals enter into the Indian soil with a view to working as a ‘ day - labourer ’ and return to their country after the dusk .
Even , there are more than 35 % ( per cent ) to 40 % ( per cent ) of the rickshaw - puller in our capital , which has not only shattered the Indian economy , but also hit the demography as well as the socio- cultural condition ” , emphasized the former Municipal Chairman of Agartala , Amal Dasgupta .
While on the other hand , the local Doctor avered , “ In my health - centre , 25 % ( per cent ) to 30 % ( per cent ) of the patients are Bangladeshi and they hide their real identity and enlisted their name and addresses in the registered book as an Indian to avail of better treatment .
But , if you can see them , anyone may easily guess that their colloquial language and dresses indicate their real identity , while as a doctor and as a people of India , we take care of them on humanitarian ground , while International Border Security Force ( IBSF ) – BSFI and the Indian Police Force ( IPF ) , including the people also behave with them sympathetically ” .
Similarly , in another Eastern Indian State , Assam ’s Karimganj district – everyday , Bangladeshis are regularly used the Kunshianra river by wooden Engine Fit Country Boat ( EFCB ) or without EFCB and have reached the Fakirabazar , Tilabazar , Lakhibazar , areas either as a rickshaw - puller or daily - labour .
However , interesting fact is that the Bangladeshi rickshaw - pullers or hand - barrow - pullers have two licenses .
One is Indian and the other is Bangladeshi .
When they enter into India for jobs or work , they have used the Indian one as a document and have returned in the evening .
To prevent this illegal incessant flow of Bangladeshi infiltrators , rampant smuggling and nonstop noxious anti-Indian activities ( by the dreaded insurgents and religious fundamental groups and their leaders ) , India is constructing International Barbed Wire Border Fence ( IBWBF ) across its border with Bangladesh .
As a result of this , more than lakhs of villagers in Eastern Indian States like , Assam , Tripura , Meghalaya , West Bengal ( WB ) and Mizoram are not only worried , but also on the other side , similarly , Bangladeshis are become unhappy .
Because , the ‘ relation ’ ( whether it is social or cultural ) of both the countries have been principally dependent on ‘ informal relation ’ or simply say , illegal international border relation , while per year , the India ’s formal ( that is , social ) relation with Bangladesh is negligible .
“ If the IBWBF is erected completely on the international border , social and cultural relation with Bangladesh may fully stop and lakhs of people ( that is , a tenth of Tripura State ’s populace ) , who are directly or indirectly involved with this ‘ trade ’ across the international border will be affected ” , assumed the local residents of the Indo - Bangla IBVs .
“ It is an open secret and common matter to us .
It is also true that it is impossible to detect a Bangladeshi from an Indian unless and until either Photo Identity Card ( PIC )s or Citizenship Identity Card ( CIC )s are introduced , as the physical appearance , behavior pattern , custom , religion , language , culture et cetera of the Bangladeshis are almost cent percent similar to those of a portion of people residing in the Indo - Bangla international border areas .
Because , the Bangladeshi people has a common stock with that of Indian States like Assam , Tripura , Meghalaya , West - Bengal ( and except Mizoram sector ) , ” disclosed the local inhabitants of the IBVs .
According to the chief of Indian Central Public Works Department ( ICPWD ) , who constructing the IBWBF , “ The Northeast Indian States , Assam , Tripura , Meghalaya , Mizoram and WB have thousands of thousands kilometres international borders with Bangladesh ; although , major portions of the boundary already has been fenced off ” .
“ Although , in the rivers – it is too impossible and in land areas , where the international borderline either passes through the houses or divides a weekly - hat ( that is , ‘ village - market ’ ) s .
And this is why , BSFI has also asked the Indian State Governments , Assam , Tripura , Meghalaya and West Bengal to take steps to push back the markets to at least 08 - kilometres inside the international border ( to effectively check influx ) .
This fence and the road that are urgently needed to be constructed are not very easy to do .
After the thorough scrutinizing , it has been found that the families of the IBVs ( comprising about thousands of inhabitants ) will misplace and their paternal and public ( that is , Government ) properties like – lands , abodes , cowsheds , shops , playgrounds , bazaars , religious places , cultivable - lands , ponds ( that is , ethnic - fishery ) , fruit - gardens , schools , banks , government and private offices , et cetera will be lose , which are fallen outside of the international boundary ( or lie in many of the international borderlines ) that has been done by the ICPWD ” , expressed Suresh Kumar Dutta , who has headed the federal border guards in Tripura .
“ Already IBV people are believed that they have been thrown out from India and branded them as Bangladeshi , if the IBWBF has been erected on the international border .
Even , the personnel of the BSFI vigil generally up to the IBWBF and rarely the soldiers cross the IBWBF to cover our lands and landed properties .
For us , it means living at the mercy of Bangladesh ” , bemoaned local political leader of Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) , shortly say – CPI ( M ) , Shahid Choudhury of Boxonagar village ( Constutuency ) of Sonamura Sub- division , under West Tripura District of the Eastern Indian State , Tripura .
In fact , throughout the international boundary the IBVs specially , in Assam , Tripura , Meghalaya and WB are perched crossing the borderline , while some of the Indian abodes are in Bangladesh , similarly houses of the Bangladeshis have existed in Indian territory .
“ Actually , just at the Indo - Bangla international border , there are hundreds and hundreds of Indian IBVs situated in the states outside the IBWBF , which would be a major difficulty in the days to come .
Because the IBVs ( outside the IBWBF ) and their people remain cut off from their motherland for 12 - hours - a- day , from 06:00 pm to 06:00 am .
And it is fact , people living in the IBVs have relatives on either side and they would never disclose any kind of information about an emigrant ” , revealed Inspector General of BSFI , North Bengal Frontier ( NBF ) of Indian Northeast Indian State , WB , K. C. Sharma , when he was posted in the sector .
“ Like me , hundreds of people of our village , who live behind the IBWBF have to cross the IBWBF daily through the IBGs manned by the BSFI personnel round - the - clock .
All IBGs are opened by the jawan ( that is , soldiers ) of the BSFI three times ( during winter season from 07:00 am to 08:00 am , 11:30 am to 12:30 pm/12:00 am to 13:00 pm and 16:00 pm to 17:00 pm or during summer season from 06:00 am to 07:00 am , 11:00 am to 12:00 am and 17:00 pm to 18:00 pm ) a day , each time for an hour , which makes various problems for us , who stay out of the IBWBF .
Once the IBGs are locked , we are cut off from our country ( that is , India ) and are compelled at the forgiveness of Bangladesh .
Very seldom does the BSFI soldiers perambulate our hamlets and we feel totally estranged .
We are like stateless people without any kind of identity .
Astonishing fact is that a few months ago , I was restrained at the IBG for almost three hours by BSFI jawans and was released only after our family members along with the village - headman arrived and certified that I was an inhabitant of our village .
It is an unnecessary harassment and nothing else .
It is all very affronting .
Here , our life has become hellish ” , said angry octogenarian , Mehrul Islam , resident of the village Sardarpara under Jalpaiguri district of the Eastern Indian State , WB that lies on no man ’s land .
“ The story does not end here , “ Moreover , when our relatives visit our houses , they have to give clarifications to the jawans of the BSFI .
If our relatives are unable to show their national identity document ( whether it is – Voter Identity Card [ VIC ] , Ration Card , National Residential Certificate or National Register of Citizen [ NRC ] , Permanent Residential Certificate or Permanent Register of Citizen [ PRC ] ) , they are averted immediately .
In a word , here ( means : where IBVP ( International Border Village People ) living and firming within 150 - yards of the actual zero - line area ) , all kinds of ‘ free movement and works are restricted ’ and the BSFI jawans treat us as outsiders .
The jawans looks suspiciously at our relatives and even check their baggage .
Sometimes , the soldiers come into our homes to inspect our belongings .
During their examination , if anyone is seen to distantly challenge the BSFI soldiers , he or she is beaten up mercilessly .
It is an unfortunate that we are marked as ‘ Bangladeshi ’ by our own soldiers (! ) ” , astounded Shafiqul Haque , denizen of Khirkidanga village , Darjeeling district of the eastern Indian State , WB .
“ We live like foreigners on Indian soil and not just because of the daily wait for the IBG to open .
Having erected the IBWBF , the Government of India and its Assam State Government alike seem to have forgotten that few of those across the IBWBF are their responsibility .
In a word , it is a ‘ life of deprivation ’ .
The Indian Central Government grants compensation for our hamlet under a special category , but the sanction has diverted to the other heads a number of times by opportunist and corrupt politicians and their political party ( Read : Congress - I ) .
Except BSFI , no one understands our plight ,
It is also the BSFI soldiers and their officers , who always stand by us in times of need ” , lamented Muhammad Sahabuddin Sheikh of IBV , Faksharkuti , under Dhubri district of Indian State , Assam , which is located outside of the IBWBF on Indo - Bangla international boundary .
The IBGs made for going in and coming out of the mainland do not remain open throughout the day .
This depends upon the ‘ fixed timetable ’ that has been issued by the Indian Government , while sometimes it depends upon the wishes of the BSFI personnel and as a result , nobody can carry out his or her daily business properly .
Even , either the farmers cannot reap their crops or to save their cattle and properties due to 144 - cr PC law also remain in force just near the international boundary from sunset to sunrise .
As a result of this , the Bangladeshis often stealthily come under the cover of darkness and steal their crops , cattle and properties and the peasants of the IBVs can’t prevent it due to IBWBF .
“ The Indian people living behind the IBWBF along the Indo - Bangla international boundary have to face constant fear and danger from the Bangladeshi anti-social intruders and the public , who are unabated , committed their brutal crimes continuously with the help of Bangladesh Defence Rifles ( BDR ) personnel directly or indirectly .
Even , the growing number of cross - border crimes exit by a vicious circle or anti-Indian rings that help with each other by providing all necessary assists like sheltering , buying , selling , of goods and human beings .
As a result , the Indian populace living behind the IBWBF are in clutch of grinding panic and enduring fear - psychosis .
However , unfortunately , Bangladesh has never been to check their BDR soldiers to stop them indulge the Bangladeshi criminals , who are attacking the Indian innocent IBV poor people , who are close to the international border .
In this connection , so many times flag - meeting have been held between the two respective countries to discuss the international boundary security issues are not shown any good results yet ” , rued Samsul Islam Mondal , a poor villager of Bhimpur , one kilometer from the IBOP of BSFI , Bhaigarh under South Dinajpur District of West Bengal State .
“ Indeed , on the India - Bangladesh International Border ( IBIB ) areas , clashes between the IBV peoples and the Bangladeshi anti-socials ( with the help of BDR ) are very much common – resulting in bloodshed , despite IBWBF , night patrolling of the BSFI and even after issuing an order of curfew with 144 CrPC , and a shoot on sight order .
It is also a fact that curfew ( from dusk to dawn ) on the IBIB descend on most IBVs , prohibiting any sort of ‘ movement ’ and these areas seem to be like an ‘ occupied territory ’ every night .
Because , the restriction on night movement has been imposed to check cross - border illegal entrance , crime and others anti-national activities .
Nevertheless , only infiltrators , smugglers and security forces appear to move about with some ‘ degree of liberty ’ !
Because of this , frequently the innocent Indians of the Indian IBVs are also kidnapped and later brutally killed by the Bangladeshi anti-socials with the help of BDR during their sudden nocturnal ‘ silent attack ’ .
The restrictions have made the lives of the peoples of the IBVs very difficult .
They are unable to ( fight ) retort .
Enmity arises from the fact that not only are Bangladeshi nationals entering into India , but residents of settlements from east to west and north to south of the Indians of IBVs along the IBIB have many a grievance against ‘ BDR tyranny ’ .
Inhabitants of the Indian IBVs say a large section of the foreign international border guard force connives with anti-socials , smugglers and criminals groups , who get their share in trans - border illegal movement of the Bangladeshi nationals and illegal activities of the smugglers and the pan-Islamic militias or Islamic religious fundamentalists .
For these previously mentioned particular reasons , the BSFI has gone into a safety overdrive in the face of perceived intimidations by Bangladesh ’s illegal activities and this is why the natural rhythm of life has been sternly interrupted and the nighttimes have become mostly in jeopardy all along the IBIB areas ” , according to India - Bangladesh relations experts .
Schools Closed
“ Children in the IBVs ca n’t go to schools or educational institutions smoothly , which remain closed most of the time of the year and so the students have nothing to do but loiter aimlessly and many of them have to give up their study .
Apart from this , some schools on the zero - line were compelled to close down permanently .
Right now , it is very difficult to stay here .
Because , our children have no future in IBV areas .
Sometimes , children have to come across to attend school , which is more than 8 kilometres from their IBV , outside of the IBWBF .
They walk up and down every day , 15 kilomertres to 20 kilometres to reach their school and house .
But , if the school breaks suddenly ( for any reason ) , the students are required to wait anxiously outside the IBG for hours together under the scorching sunshine , because their homesteads are across the IBWBF ” , bewailed the elementary school teacher of 708 Bhogdanga - Kutti Lower Primary ( LP ) School at Vogdanga village of Dhubri district of Eastern Indian State , Assam .
“ To tell the truth , our village children are educated due to their hard and constant efforts , without getting any proper facilities like electricity .
And electricity !
forget it … in our IBV not a single house has been electrified .
Electricity in the other IBVs was disconnected after the border fence was erected four to five years ago and at that time , the district administration said that it was not possible to permit more , because , the hamlets have gone outside of the IBWBF , which is absolutely rubbish .
Because of this , our village children have lost their eyes in early stage , while unfortunately , still I am working in the Indian West Bengal State Electricity Board ( IWBSEB ) , as an employee , but our village peoples can’t avail of the facilities of electricity .
Now , you tell me , how much torture , we are bearing .
Can you imagine ? ” asked Muftaza Hussain , who lived in Karala village of the Jalpiaguri district of the eastern Indian State , West Bengal .
“ Needless to say , by rural Indian standards , our village people to some extent are literate , but , unfortunately , I have n’t been able to find a bride for my son .
The reason is that not a single family in the ‘ mainland ’ desires to give their daughter for tie the knot with my son , who stay behind the IBWBF .
They thought that their girl will either face physical torture by the Bangladeshi anti-socials or become a Bangladeshi national , if wedding my son .
Like my son , there are many unmarried young boys and girls in our village facing similar consequences .
Apart from that if by chance , anybody ( that is , family ) of our village do settle marriage with inside of the IBWBF village people , the jawans of the BSFI create an unnecessary situation ” , mourned Dharma Deb Roy , dweller of Hindupara village , Darjeeling district of West Bengal .
“ On the marriage day , when the bridegroom ’s party reached the IBG to enter into the bride ’s house in the IBV , BSFI soldiers asked the bridegroom ’s party members to produce identity cards .
Tell me , who carries identity cards to a wedding ?
For this reason , they wedding had to be postponed and arranged again on the Indian side of the IBWBF for the following day ( after the ‘ settlement ’ or to give ‘ identity ’ as Indian to the BSFI ) ” , said village - headman of Kanthaligachh village , former East - Dinajpur , presently North - Dinajpur district of West Bengal .
The same kind of story was told by Dharma Deb Roy , inhabitant of Hindupara village .
“ For the last two to three years , I have tried my level best to wed my daughter , Abiya Khatun but , without success .
Not once or twice , but , even , thrice , the parents of a groom , whom we have chosen from a hamlet other side of the IBWBF , have come to see my daughter ; they are n’t allowed in .
the groom ’s family return profanities never to come back ” , said Mamoda Bibi , a denizen of IBV - Nirmalchar hamlet , Murshidabad district of West Bengal .
“ Leave aside war , life is misery here , even in peace time .
It is anything but normal .
We ca n’t circumnavigate openly .
We ’re under so - called ‘ house - arrest ’ or confined in our hamlets .
We have no privacy and cannot go anywhere without soldiers prying on us .
It is true and we know very much that our International Frontier Guard ( IFG ) s are doing their duty sincerely to protect ( country ) us .
They do n’t even ; tolerate a dog ’s bark near the IBWBF .
At night , we have to keep our doors shut and turn off the light .
It is true that in our IBV out of 14,000 - plus inhabitants , only around 4,000 have ‘ Indian Electronic Photo Identity Card ’ ( IEPIC )s , while the rest do n’t have any kind of documents to prove their nationality as Indian citizen .
You may say the IEPICis are one kind of ‘ passport ’ to the world outside of our hamlet , Nirmalchar , a river - island , which has surrounded by the river – ‘ Padma ’ , on the India - Bangladesh international border .
When the cardholders leave , they must deposit the cards with BSFI officials before leaving and collect after returning .
Even , our IBV villagers carry the IEPIC , when we go to till our agricultural soil ” , chorused Atikul Islam and his neighbour , Abdul Khaleque standing near BSFI ’s extreme last IBOP at Nirmalchar village of Murshidabad district West Bengal , barely a kilometer from Bangladesh .
“ I know very well that they said ‘ rule ’ is very necessary here , where illegal international cross border movement from Bangladesh is unbridled and without an IEPIC , you may not distinguish between Bangldeshi and the Indian civilians .
But , why most of the peoples of our IBV village do n’t have IEPIC or related documents – I do n’t know .
The Bangladeshi farmers illegally takeover of our lands in connivance with their frontier border guards - BDR beyond the international border .
Because , they are very much strategically located and due to the international boundary is not clearly demarcated .
As a result , the conflict over possession of land of our IBV hamlet ( with our innocent and simple peasants ) is a common phenomenon here .
We always seek and keep our international frontier border guard – BSFI to solve the disputes smoothly .
But , the recovery process is tricky ” , summed up Rafiqul Alam , sitting barely a kilometer from the hazy zero - line , which divides the two countries .
“ And that ’s not all , we have to ask for authorization from the BSFI , when we sell our produce in the International Border Haat ( IBH )s , locally known as weekly - markets of the Indian mainland .
On our way back from the IBH , we have to account for each and everything we have purchased , be it medicines , rice , salt , cloth , bicycle , poultry or cattle ” , said Rahamat Ali , angrily , an inhabitant of Antupara village , Jalpaiguri district of West Bengal .
“ After independence , we still feel ‘ living like caged animals ’ .
We are not Indians and does n’t our Indian Constitution guarantee freedom of movement .
Why we have to face unnecessary harassment and even physical torture at the hands of own forces ?
We know very much that IBIB and its problems are a geographical quirk and bureaucratic bungling .
But , we are ready to leave our village , if the Government of India provides us ‘ land ’ beyond IBWBF .
It is like living in a container with no hope of a better future ” , expressed disheartened Narayan Biswas , native of Char Meghna village , Nadia district , on the riverbank of the river Mathavanga that divides India and Bangladesh .
“ I own 20 Bigha ( 1,28,000 square - feet to 1,60,000 square - feet or 2,88,000 square - feet to 3,60,000 square - feet to 25 Bighas of land , which gives us enough to lead a relaxed life .
But , unfortunately , today , the land prices also have crashed from Rs. 75,000 to Rs. 1,00,000 per acre to Rs. 2,000 to Rs. 5,000 , while sometimes , ‘ priceless ’ ; because , the land has fallen outside of the IBWBF .
Not only ca n’t we sell our forefathers land , which is become out of ethics , even , it is very difficult for most to sell their land and move away ” , said Abul Khayeri , wearing a white guernsy , green lungi and ash coloured cap on his head .
Mamoda Bibi and Rashida Bibi , who live in a fenced - in IBV called Nirmalchar , along India ’s boundary with Bangladesh , are manacled to a timetable fixed by the Indian frontier international border guard – BSFI , bemoaned , “ If we ’re not needy we would have moved away a long time ago ….. what will we do ?
It ’s our fate and we are compelled to stay here by hook or by crook .
Not only that the most painful thing , when our IBV people are harassed , mistreated and tortured by the BDR soldiers , who choose us at the least opportunity and blame us of spying for India .
In a nutshell , for our IBV populace have confined in between the BSFI on our side and BDR on the opposite , our lives are burdened with peril ” .
“ They have simply been thrown to the wolves .
10 IBVs ( Pirnagar , Nayamura , Latukandi , Deutali , Gobindopur , Kurikhal , Kachubari , Sandesh , Tesua , Uttar - Lafasail ) of Suterkandi and Latu Blocks areas under Karimganj district of the State , Assam has been knowingly kept behind the IBWBF , where about 1,500 to 2,000 odd inhabitants always face the wrath of Bangladeshi anti-social circles and as a result of this , it has built a sense of insecurity among the Indian IBVs ” , said former Deputy Commissioner ( DC ) of Karimganj district of the State , Assam , Longki Pangcho .
“ The district headquarter town , Karimganj is situated on the bank of the river Kushiyanra , which separates India and Bangladesh .
However , if the IBWBF is made 150 - metres inside Indian side from the zero- point as per United Nations ( UN ) protocol , a vast area of the town ’s trade will fall on Bangladesh territory .
Not only that , more than 40 to 50 thousand residents living in the 24 IBVs along the river will be not only trapped on the other side of the IBWBF but also would be left homeless ” , disclosed Hazi Abdul Wahid , president of the All - Party Border Road Areas Citizen ’s Rights Committee ( APBRACRC ) of Karimganj district .
“ See… , there ’re our 12 Elementary Primary School , 5 Middle Schools and several temples and mosques in these 24 IBVs , which will be captured by the Bangladeshis if it goes ahead with the IBWBF in accordance with international norms .
We ca n’t support it at any cost ” , a member of the APBRACRC , Abdul Basit Chaudhary said angrily .
Similarly , to get rid of the unwanted situation created by the Bangladeshis in time - to - time , the Government of India has wanted to demarcate and erected the entire international border with IBWBF to stop the chaotic law and order situations , including the ‘ torture ’ , created by Bangladesh anti-social elements with help of BDR personnel .
“ But , everything has gone in the air .
In the name of ‘ protection ’ , our lands are acquired by the Indian Mizoram State Government ’s Home Department under the Land Acquisition Act of 1894 .
Bamboo huts have been either broken or destroyed .
However , the most astonishing fact is that neither the Indian Central Government nor the Mizoram State Government has any plan to rehabilitate or resettle us .
Around 35,438 IBVPs of 5,790 International Border Village Families in 49 IBVs , who belong to the ethnic Chakma tribe have been living on the banks of four rivers , Harina , Karnaphuli , Sajek and Thega , which outline the natural international boundary between India and Bangladesh , have been displaced or are facing displacement due to the acquisition of their lands by the GOI .
The Mizo , another Indian tribal community , face a similar situation .
The most important thing is that our community , residing along the Indo - Bangladesh international border are enormously backward and most of the peoples are inaccessible due to the absence of good communication ( roads ) .
The four rivers have been chiefly the backbone or lifeline for survival of our society .
Because we are drawing water for drinking , washing , cooking and other purposes , like to conduct business and commerce , as there are no other means of transportation .
The most sensible thing is that we also perform the last rites of the deceased on the riverbanks .
Not only that the riverbanks are fertile and used for farming vegetables , paddy , fruits and others cash crops , which have gone behind the international boundary for IBWBF .
In 2006 , our organization , namely – India - Bangladesh Border Fencing Affected Families Resettlement Demand Committee ( IBBFAFRDC ) of the Indian Mizoram State lodged a complaint against the IBWBF , erected by four private organizations , National Buildings Construction Company Limited [ NBCCL ] , Engineering Projects India Limited [ EPIL ] , National Projects Construction Corporation Limited [ NPCCL ] and Border Roads Organisation [ BRO ] , began to acquire the lands of our IBVs , has broken all rules and regulations , which were issued by the Ministry of Home Affairs , Government of India ( MOHAGOI ) .
The private construction companies do not follow the guidelines of the MOHAGOI , where it has clearly mentioned that the four construction companies ‘ shall be responsible for liasing with the Indian Mizoram State Government and the Indian Mizoram State ’s local authorities for acquisition of lands of IBVPs and getting forest and environment clearance for carrying out the IBWBF and its related works .
In a word , the companies are doing their works without any consultation with our tribal inhabitants or the local communities .
The IBWBF has already created numerous problems especially relating to survival of the displaced persons , who have been residing not only outside but also inside ( last inch of the zero - line ) of the international boundary .
Our organization wants the affected families ‘ completely and properly ’ resettled .
But in vain , the calls have fallen on deaf ears of the MOHAGOI authorities .
In a word , earlier our thousands and thousands of indigenous tribal peoples , who ’re living along the India - Bangladesh international border in the Indian Mizoram State frontier sector had suffered by Bangladeshi hooligans and now affected fully , even after erection of the IBWBF ” , stated a member of the IBBFAFRDC .
Apart from this , problems also lie with other international border sectors , where patrolling is a very difficult task in the hilly and deep forest international border .
So , interestingly , the Indian Tripura State Government is the only Government , who declared ‘ cash reward ’ for any one , who can bring information about infiltration , but in vain , very few has yet supplied any such information regarding illegal entry of anybody .
“ In point of fact , these problems occur due to the absence of clear - cut demarcated international borderline in between India and Bangladesh around the hilly places and plain ( including forest ) areas of India , like South Dinajpur District of the Northeast Indian State , West Bengal and the East and Jaintia Hills Districts of Eastern Indian State , Meghalaya .
Sometimes , the railway line that runs between India - Bangladesh is also treated as the border .
But , the same often fails to serve the purpose for preventing this infiltration .
Bangladeshi passengers often jump into the Indian border from the running train .
Rivers or streams may serve as the natural boundary between the noted two nations .
But , these rivers or streams are too small and ineffective to prevent Bangladeshis entering Indian lands , like Kushianra river in the Karimganj district of Assam .
“ The ‘ Indo - Bangla Accord ’ is also a factor , this makes scope for Bangladeshi fishers to enter into easily .
This happens , when they come fishing in Indian rivers or streams ” , said a BSFI official posted on the international border .
Another problem is , hundreds and hundreds of Indian cultivators living near the international borderline area in the states of India , use to cross the fencing everyday for cultivating their plots of land lying beyond the IBWBF to produce jute , paddy and mustard .
These plots of land go to the other side of India , ( that is , Bangladesh ) and as such these cultivators have to cross the fence to cultivate their plots of land .
The cultivators go there in the morning and come back in the evening through the IBGs by the permission of BSFI jawans and so they cannot have their lunch in the afternoon .
They have it only , when their wives and children and the other members of the family supply the foods stuff through the fencing at lunch hour .
Some peasants even , ca n’t return to their houses and go to take rest under the shade of the trees after finishing their works of the day till the IBGs open .
Sometimes , these farmers , who are required to register their names and all the necessary equipment including cattle in the BSFI ’s ‘ Daily Registrar Book ’ with the help of BSFI jawans every morning at 07:00 am to 08:00 am before they are allowed cross to the IBWBF and enter into their land for cultivation and back to the pavilion at 04:00 pm to 05:00 pm .
Although , BSFI soldiers open the IBGs three times daily for the cultivators .
Every now and then they are allowed to enter and exit through the IBGs only upon acceptance and surrender of a small ‘ token ’ given by the BSFI soldiers .
If the farmers finish their work before time , they are not allowed to enter into Indian territory ( that is , their houses ) before the gate opening schedule time .
The peasants also remain under small trees .
During rainy season , farmers are forced to suffer a lot under the rain , storm and lightning because of these peculiar reasons .
Between 10 to 20 yards , it ’s a stone ’s throw away – that ’s all it takes to walk up to the IBWBF along the international boundary between the two nations – India and Bangladesh .
Bhareshwar Sarkar , a poor peasant , instinctively looks at his wrist - watch every - time he has to do that .
His fields run along the IBWBF and the laws are as clearly etched out as the boundary : the day lasts for 11 to 12 hours .
For the rest of the time from 6 pm to 6 am – Dhubulia villagers in Murshidabad district , West Bengal , near the international border are confined to their huts .
Bhareshwar Sarkar and Jatin Sardar , residents of the Dhubulia hamlet ( opposite Chaghria village , in Murshidabad District of Bangladesh ) said agitatedly , “ Even , if we wake up too early in the morning , say , 04:00 am to 04:30 am , we ca n’t step out of the hut to get to my fields .
Because , regular ‘ night - curfew ’ is on and the soldiers of the BSFI shoo us away .
Finding no other alternative way , I toss and turn in bed till the clock chimes at 06 am ” .
It is fact that “ The BSFI has imposed 09 - hours intermittent ‘ night curfew ’ ( which starts from 20:00 pm ) under Section 144 , prohibits not only the movement of people within the 1 - kilometre radius along the India Bangladesh International Border areas but also restricted the plying of fishing boats on the Surma river .
The every day , night - curfew has already yielded results , with the number of illegal migrants ( an average of 50 to 60 , against nearly 100 such illegal nationals every month ) have been caught along the Indo - Bangladesh international boundary ” , claimed Gautam Ganguli , the District Magistrate ( DM ) of Cachar District of the Eastern Indian State , Assam on 20th September , 2008 .
Not only that there is robbery , stealing , torture of farmers , raping women farmers during the cutting the food grains and other such incidents occur on the border region now and then by the Bangladeshi miscreants .
When these incidents occur , the helpless villagers go to complain to the BSFI personnel and they in turn report the matter to the Bangladesh Defence Rifles ( BDR ) , but in vain .
No positive response or result comes out from this , lamented the poor peasants of the Indian IBVs .
In fact , the Indian civilians living in the vicinity of the international boundary suffer the most .
The IBV civilians , who have to cultivate their lands and catch fish ( in the rivulets and the rivers that flow through both countries ) along the international border to maintain their livelihood , live in the permanent fear of being either kidnapped and tortured or abused and later killed by the border guards and Bangladesh hooligans , almost every day .
As a result of this , a vast tract of cultivable lands ( that fall within the 150 - yards ) along the international border remains uncultivated .
“ The Indian IBV peoples are virtually living behind the IBWBF ( that is , within the territory of 138 - metres , which known as No - Man ’s ’ Land ) under the one kind of full control of ‘ Bangladeshi hooligans or miscreants ’ at different levels .
Our sorrows , woes and cries do not reach the ( Indian ) authorities concerned .
Still , we have to face the danger of being kidnapped or dragged , harassed or tortured , raped or abused , mugged or killed day - by - day by the criminals and hooligans of Bangladesh ” , IBV populaces said with disheartened .
“ Look , our jawans do maintain a ‘ record book ’ , which is called ‘ Register Book ’ of the villagers with their photos and even , every new born is enlisted in the register , who live outside of the IBWBF and cross the IBG everyday and our command is to verify everyone ( from child to old one ) for reason of smuggling , anti-Indian activities and obviously for illegal migration .
If we do not continue strict vigil at the IBGs along the IBWBF , it would be rendered meaningless .
Even , in this particular international border , patrolling can’t continue an eye on everybody yet however the IBGs are unlocked and locked at specific times by our soldiers .
It is very regular views that of Bangladeshi people or children either slipping across to gossip with Indian villagers or having food just next to the IBPs .
It is true that in some sectors or areas we have a Register Book of villagers , but , without their photos .
In this context , except provide any kind of ‘ Photo Identity Card ’ to the farmers of the IBVs , it has been seen that the BSFI soldiers only write down the name of the peasants and if a Bangladeshi public appears into India by using the name of an Indian peasant , it would be impossible to identify the person as the BSFI jawan ca n’t be likely to memorize the faces of all those farmers , who have crossed over the international boundary .
It is also true that the IBV people are frisked and any kind of ‘ article ’ ( whether it is small or big and alive or dead ) that they bring is investigated thoroughly .
In fact , you know (? ) most of the IBV people are engaged in ( small to big ) crime like , ‘ smuggling ’ .
So , if any IBV person carries extra objects or items as ‘ ration ’ , our soldiers have reason to get doubtful and have the right to check the same .
We also admit that our soldiers , who have deployed near the IBGs in the IBWBF , allow the IBV people to come across into India if anybody of the IBVs falls sick at night ; but practically the ‘ process ’ is not easy .
Apart from this , before the International Border Road ( IBR ) was made , we the people of BSFI have to walk across the paddy fields or have to drive small vehicle on the narrow nonmetallic muddy roads also , which are challenging during rainy season to catch either the Bangladeshis or anti-Indian activists or even , smugglers .
And for this reason , our department has been vehemently requesting the Indian central as well as the state governments to issue Identity Cards ( IC ) to the dwellers of the IBVs , which will make things easier both for the IBV people and the force and to protect the interest of the country ” , pointed out S. B. Kakoti , Inspector General ( IG ) of BSFI , NBF sector of West Bengal , when he was posted in the sector .
According to some observers , this is not a wise policy adopted by the BSFI personnel , because the BSFI do not have any clear identity of those , who go to till their lands beyond the fence .
They register only their names and nothing else .
Therefore , if any of the Bangladeshi cultivators enters India in disguise of the Indian cultivator , nobody will detect the same and as a result , infiltration will go on smoothly .
This is a great problem and to solve this , introduction of PIC or CIC is necessary for it will help to detect the Bangladeshi infiltrators .
This type of identity card will help to eradicate various problems including unnecessary harassments .
But , the scheme is given remained ineffective and the villagers are performing their works of cultivation crossing the fence in a usual way .
This is a regular feature and the cultivators of both the countries do their usual functions bearing all sorts of responsibility and loss .
Therefore , to put an end to this , India and Bangladesh Governments should mutually discuss the matter and introduce PIC immediately not only to protect the interest of the poor farmers but also to these IBV people to at least reduce their harassment from the international border security guard of India .
“ Though , as of today , relations between the Bangladeshi and a few Indian IBV peoples is friendly so far .
But , it is not far long or very far , when the cordial relation is become an enmity .
On the other hand , astonishing fact is that if the Government of India has been failed in its basic duty of protecting the life and property of these Indian IBV peoples , who have to live at the kindness of Bangladesh 24 - hours - a - day and even , remained cut off from their own country 12 - hours - a - day then how you expect Indian IBV peoples to have any feeling and loyalty for their own motherland …? ” , questioned one of the social reformer - cum - activist Aruna Mukherjee of Northeast India .
“ So far , no one seems bothered about the dilemma of these unfortunate Indian IBV peoples ( who are real Indian citizens ) because they do n’t wield any political clout and their number is not adequate to alter the equilibrium of political power ” , revealed a renowned social scientist .
“ Apart from this , it is also fact that without any land requisition , this burning problem cannot be solved .
Because , there are establishments on the international border areas , where the kitchen is in Bangladesh territory and bedroom falls ( at South Tripura district of the State , Tripura and Nekipara village under Jalpaiguri district of State West Bengal near IBP Number - 760 / 06 - S ) in India .
Even , in the heart of the town ( which lies near the international border ) , International Border Pillar ( IBP ) s not only bifurcate a football - field ( at Kailashahar town of North Tripura district of the State , Tripura ) and but also segregate a temple ( at Hatkhola village i n Darjeeling district of West Bengal ) .
Yet many Samshan Mandir ( that is , Cremation Place ) and Kabarsthan ( that is , graveyard ) also have gone to the Bangladesh land areas ( at Islampur area under Murshidabad district of the State , West Bengal ) , it ’s not fair ” , admitted the BSFI officials .
This has happened not only due to the ‘ illogical ’ making of the International Barbed Wire Border Fencing ( IBWBF ) by the so - called ‘ engineer ’ or ‘ official ’ of the ICPWD but also ‘ unscientific ’ demarcation by the British Government ( that is , Sir Cyril Radcliff , the British Engineer , while dividing the then Undivided India through drew an arbitrary line , during partition between India and Pakistan , [ that is , former East - Pakistan , locally called East - Bengal , popularly known as Purba Bangla or Purba Banga , presently – Bangladesh ] in 1947 ) , which have been directly affected hundreds of hundreds IBVs and its ’ lakhs of populace .
Therefore , all these lead to one of the largest problems .
The problem is acquisition of land for building the long IBWBF and IBR , which would help to prevent illegal infiltration .
But , this is purely an act of the Indian State Governments .
So , the Indian Central Government has asked the State Governments to immediate complete the all the necessary functions related to the acquisition of land for building fence and road through a presidential instruction to correct its Land Acquisition Act , 1964 and then this will be used together with the Central Land Acquisition Act ( Act I of 1884 ) .
Approximately , a sum of rupees 01.6 lakh per kilometre would be required for building these things .
“ We ca n’t simply throw out them to the mouth of wolves as a human being .
So , in this regard , we have taken bold steps .
Without any kind of ‘ order ’ from the Government of India ( whether it is State or Central ) we have already given them houses under the Indian ( Central ) Government sponsors scheme – Indira Awas Yojona ( IAY ) , before relocate them inside of the IBWBF ” , disclosed Additional DC , Gautam Ghosh of former West - Dinajpur , presently , South - Dinajpur district of the Northeast Indian State , WB on 15th December , 2002 , who reestablishes the 13 members of the two families of the village , Satimari under Kushmandi Block of South - Dinajpur district of the State , WB .
“ Actually , our simple and innocent village people along the international border are n’t against the IBWBF , but oppose the ‘ process ’ , which is building by the National Building Construction Corporation Limited of India ( NBCCLI ) , the agency constructing the IBWBF .
We understand the importance to make the IBWBF along this open international boundary .
However , during ‘ partition ’ , no villagers were engaged , when our area had been surveyed and demarcated by the Radcliff Commission , which had been done arbitrarily .
The villagers practically were also ‘ forced ’ to abide by that unscientific demarcation .
Again , in 1960 , a new demarcation was made and fresh international borderline sketched at the ‘ expense of the IBV people ’s soil .
For this reason , we ’re now seeking a new demarcation so that we can easily recover our land , which have gone to Bangladesh ” , asserted the spokesperson of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council ( JHADC ) of Northeast Indian State , Meghalaya .
“ It is fact that in March , 2006 , the Indian Meghalaya State Government temporarily suspended the IBWBF works , following protests by the indigenous tribal peoples in the Khasi Hills district and the Jaintia Hills Districts of the Meghalaya State as their villages have fallen on the outside of the international boundary ” , admitted the Indian Meghalaya State Government officials .
Presently , the sad plight of the inhabitants of the India - Bangladesh international borderline is nothing new after erecting the IBWBF on the international boundary .
Yet , still , the miseries and misfortunes of the thousands and thousands of people living of the IBVs of the Indian states , which have been attached with India - Bangladesh International Border directly or indirectly , do know no bounds .
In 1992 , the Government of India pricks for erecting IBWBF of about 50 - metres from the ‘ zero - point ’ from of IBIB .
Thereafter , the work for erecting IBWBF set into motion .
But , the most astonishing fact is that while erecting the IBWBF , the official in charge do neither consider the sentiments of the people of those areas nor abide the rules related to it .
Thus , instead of 150 - metres , 500 - metres to 800 - metres area of land have been enerometed for doing the same .
As a result , many have to loss mostly dwelling houses and the agricultural - lands and so on .
The people of IBVs have to pass their life with great hardship and the people , who live in towns ca n’t realise unless and until they have direct contact with them .
This gives raise the necessity of mixing with them in their day - to - day life and for this they need to go to the spot , where IBWBF is erected to prevent their free movement .
After facing day - to - day lot of troubles and to mitigate the burning - problems of the populaces of the IBVs , who have already many - a- time ventilated their grievances off and on before the honourable court as well as Indian districts administrations of the states that touch the international boundary , but , failed ” , angrily says former Agriculture Minister of the Indian West Bengal State Government , Kamal Guha .
The sad plight of the IBV inhabitants of the India - Bangladesh international borderline came to public , when they go to the administration of the districts and the states of India and reveal the stories of their miseries and misfortunes .
These IBV people have tried to draw the attention of the either district or state administrations many a time , but , in vain .
This failure at the end has compelled them to go to New Delhi , the capital of India for ventilating their voice of grievances to the Indian Central Government .
More than 4 crores to 5 crores of people living on the India - Bangladesh international boundary has been facing a lot of troubles and to mitigate they ventilated their grievances off and on but , at last , ultimately , failed .
“ In fact Government of India has no clear - cut policy in this regard .
The ground reality and situation are totally different in the western part of the India ( that is , in the State , Punjab ) , where the international boundary touches the Pakistan State and Eastern part of India ( that is , in the States , Assam , Tripura , Meghalaya , Mizoram and West Bengal ) that shares the international border with Bangladesh .
Because , in Punjab State , there are existed only agricultural lands and IBV people easily go to the international fenced - in along the international border to farm , while in the states like , Assam , Tripura and West Bengal ( basically ) the picture is totally opposite and different .
Here , the international border that shares with Bangladesh is densely populated ” , says BSFI officials .
But , the Government of India has given order the go - ahead to the agencies like the BSFI to erect the IBWBF within 150 - yards of the zero - line at places , where human habitation does n’t allow leaving the space .
Though , later , when the Indian Union Home Ministry has been the reason that if the IBWBF is erected after leaving the 150 - yardsfrom the zero point , then it has created not only chaos or problems to the Indian IBV populace but also India will lose vast ‘ land ’ areas of the entire Indo - Bangla international boundary .
So , in this context , Government of India has decided and issued a directive that the IBWBF be constructed from the zero - point .
But , Bangladesh has said to be unwilling ( attitude ) to undertake any construction within the 138 - metres from the actual point – ‘ zero ’ .
India has erected a sophisticated International Barbed Wire Border Fence ( IBWBF ) , including International Border Bridge ( IBB ) and International Border Road ( IBR ) , which had been taken up in the year 1986 - 1987 along the international boundary with Bangladesh after mounting threat of illegal Bangladeshi infiltration as security concerns .
The United States ( US ) is reported to be helping with technology for the plan .
Bangladesh ’s objections are centered on its strife that construction work within the 150 - yard ( that is , 138 - metres of the no man ’s land is a violation .
Bangladesh Government urge India must erect the IBWBF only at a distance of 150 - yard ( that is , 138 - metre ) s from the actual point of ‘ Zero Line ’ and his own territory as per Joint India Bangladesh Guidelines for International Border Authorities , 1975 .
Though , in this context , it is also to be noted here that every - time , the Bangladesh border security guards , Bangladesh Defence Rifles ( BDR ) have fired towards Indian side ( specially , on labourers , who are engaged to make the barbed wire fence ) to stop international ( barbed wire ) boundary works somewhere else in the Indian states .
“ Even , time - to - time , the Bangladesh Government has given blame to India and claims that the IBWBF , which has been constructed by India is a ‘ defence potential ’ in the name of Illegal smuggling and infiltration , while as per bilateral pact or international border agreement between said two respective countries , signed in 1975 , prohibits construction of any kind of structure , which has been defence potential within the 150 - yards from the Zero Line , that is the actual border or no permanent structure would be made up to a certain or below than 150 yards distance from the actual boundary .
India has clearly stated that IBWBF cannot be termed a structure , which has been defence potential , while it has been made to prevent the incessant illegal infiltration and smuggling from Bangladesh to India and nothing else ” , emphasized former Director General ( DG ) of BSFI , Government of India , R. S. Mushairy .
“ … We have also seen that our neighbour – Bangladesh is always shouting that India is not only violating the human rights rampantly on the Indo - Bangla international boundary areas but also trying to build walls made of barbed wire within the no-construction - zone or no - build - zone , which is nothing but a trick to create an unhealthy relation between two neighbouring nations covering the real fact .
While except it is a false acquisition and nothing else .
The international boundary areas of both sides are thickly populated and as a result of this , an outcry for the violation of the human - rights is often raised even at the slightest pretext of negligible offence .
But , this is not with the Indo - Pak international boundary .
Because , in India - Pakistan International Border , there ’re ample lands for agricultural activities or farming and others as such this question of violating human - rights does not take effect here .
That ’s all … ” , vexed BSFI Company Commandant during conversations , who posted at Ramraikutti IBV , under Dhubri district of Indian State , Assam .
It is fact that erection of IBWBF on the Indo - Bangla international border is a crucial issue for the people of both India and Bangladesh .
The peoples of Bangladesh blamed , “ The erection of IBWBF on the international boundary will increase the activities of the International Border Security Guard ( IBSG )s on the international border .
As a result , this increase of the movement and intervention of Indian para- military force , the International Border Security Force ( IBSF ) and so the people of Bangladesh can’t carry out their day - to - day duties easily .
Further , it hits upon the ‘ social life ’ of Bangladesh .
Such as : interaction of cross border communities , cross border trade and cross border movement ( especially , for marriage , education and medical purposes , et cetera ) ca n’t go smoothly ” .
But , the people of India do n’t agree to this idea .
The Indian populaces think , “ If it is not done , several problems will crop up , like illegal movement and unwanted business – smuggling , stealing , robbery et cetera and the International Border Security Guard ( IBSG ) posted to guard the international boundary line will fish up personal benefit from this .
Taking bribe or drawing illegal gratification will set forth and as a result , this will help to ignore the interest of the country .
Indeed to put a check upon the illegal cross border activities , IBSF has been posted in the borderline .
But , it turns fruitless to do away the problems .
It is found that personnel of IBSGs of both the sides are often getting involved in taking bribe or so when any kind of transition is made , whether it is goods or human beings or live - stocks .
The amount paid for each transaction is not alike .
It varies from place to place or so ” .
The most of the peoples of India and Bangladesh IBVs are agriculturists and so depend upon farming .
Beside this , they have no other ‘ source of income ’ .
There ’re scopes for funding industries in this international bordering villages and slums area but due to political rivalry and red-tapism of the administration this hope of funding industries gets shattered .
Even , the small and big Indian industrialists are faltered to set up the industries ( whether it is small or big ) near the boundary due to either the lands are fallen in disputed zones or areas or unnecessary ‘ harassment ’ by the administration ( whether it Para - military or Military or Police ) s .
Thus , the people of these IBVs always remain plunged into the sea of misery and to get escaped from this , they get indulged in illegal activities , such as : smuggling , cross - border business et cetera .
In some places , the inhabitants residing in and around international border areas may not be belong to same caste , creed , colour , community and religion .
They have many differences in their way of life but still in one point , they possess the same view .
It is nothing but , their economic life .
Therefore , to mitigate the woe of their socio- economic life , they woo with people , whether he or she is a Hindu or a Muslim .
To strengthen this bond of relation , they attend all festivals and ceremonies , whether it of the Hindu or of the Muslim , whatsoever .
After finishing into their day - to - day works ( that is , farming their agricultural lands , which have fallen in the No - Man ’s Land ) , the peoples belong to peasants community , who always grow under the pressure of economic burden , finding no other alternative always meet together in an open field , which also lies on the No - Man ’s Land ( forgetting the barriers of caste , creed , colour , community and religion and ) to solve their own problems .
Apart from this , actually , the Government of Bangladesh never is taking any meaningful action to prevent the illegal migration of Bangladeshis to India .
Because , the population of Bangladesh is caused by community ’s ( specially – Muslim ) religious practices , including neglect of family planning and this is why , it has been cleared that Bangladesh is one of the fastest population growing country in the world , where every - year population is growing at around 02.80 million to 03.00 million and which has caused a demographic explosion .
And in search of ‘ living space ’ , the Bangladeshi nationals always are trying to enter into the fertile river - islands of Brahmaputra and Ganga valleys of Eastern Indian States – Assam and West Bengal respectively , which is their common and natural behaviour .
“ It is true that the India - Bangladesh international boundary is ‘ peculiar ’ as it dissects natural boundaries like – inaccessible terrain high hills and long rivers and even , human habitation ( like houses et cetera ) .
It is an impossible task to seal the international boundary , because the terrain is such … such kind of porosity will always be there .
Not only that some parts of the IBWBF cannot be fenced as the terrain is either riverine or has thick vegetation ” , said DG , Ashim Kumar Mitra of BSFI at a press conference at New Delhi , the capital of India on 7th October , 2006 .
The Government of India has been erecting IBWBF along its 4,096 kilometre long International Border with Bangladesh that runs through five Indian States – Assam , Tripura , West Bengal ( WB ) , Meghalaya and Mizoram to protect the country from illegal migration , smuggling , religious fundamentalism , insurgency and anti-Indian activities or crimes from across the porous international boundary .
But , unless the Government of India tackles it immediately in a proper way , India will have to face dire consequences in near future from this eastern front .
Then what is the way out ?
The only solutions are at present
To look for ‘ Constitutional Safeguards ’ for ethnic populaces , Issue immediate National Identity Card ( NIC )s with picture including Voter Identity Card ( VIC )s , Sealed the International Border with electrified 24X7 in line with the country ’s western boundary with the nation – Pakistan , Handover the International Border to the Indian Army , Strict vigil on the International Border round - the - clock , Floodlights should be ( immediately ) set up near the all the International Border Out Post ( IBOP )s , manned by the BSFI jawans , which will be on after sunset and off after the sunrise and The distance between two said IBOPs will also be diminished / reduced so that the IBOPs become visible to the next ones , while presently the normal distance between two IBOPs is around 05/06 kilometres to 07/08 kilometres , which is high by international standards .
Both India and Bangladesh start joint patrolling to understand and solve each other ’s problems or difficulties .
TABLE -I
INDO - BANGLADESH INTERNATIONAL
BORDER
SERIAL NUMBER INTERNATIONAL
BORDER INTERNATIONAL
BORDER PILLAR NUMBER AREA( In Kilometre )
A. West - Bengal ( India ) & Bangladesh 0001 to 1001 02,217.70
B. Assam ( India ) & Bangladesh 1001 to 1067 262.00
C. Meghalaya ( India ) & Bangladesh 1067 to 1338 443.00
D. Tripura ( India ) & Bangladesh 1338 to 1397 ( North ) 1397 to 2250 ( South ) 856.00
E. Mizoram ( India ) & Bangladesh 2301 to 2358 318.00
TOTAL India - Bangladesh International Border 0001 to 2358 04,096.70
Source : Border Security Force of India .
TABLE-II
INTERNATIONAL BARBEDWIRE BORDER FENCING ( IBWBF ) AT INDIA - BANGLADESH INTERNATIONAL BORDER IN NORTHEAST INDIA
SERIALNUMBER NAME OF THE INDIAN STATE IBWBF ( Total Length ) IBWBF IN PHASE - I ( Completed ) IBWBF IN PHASE - II ( Sanctioned ) IBWBF IN PHASE - II ( Completed ) IBWBF IN PHASEI & II
01 . West Bengal ( WB ) 02,216.700 507.000 01,021.000 670.000 01,177.000
02 . Assam 263.000 149.294 071.500 40.680 189.970
03 . Meghalaya 443.000 198.060 201.000 173.060 371.120
04 . Tripura 856.000 — 736.000 654.490 654.490
05 . Mizoram 318.000 — 400.000 85.010 85.010
Total INDIA 04,096.700 854.354 02,429.500 01,623.240 02,477.590
Source : Ministry of Home Affairs , Government of India .
TABLE-III
INTERNATIONAL BORDER ROAD ( IBR ) AT INDIA - BANGLADESH INTERNATIONAL BORDER IN NORTHEAST INDIA
SERIALNUMBER NAME OF THE INDIAN STATE IBR ( Total Length ) ( In Kilometres ) IBRIN PHASE - I ( Completed ) ( In Kilometres ) IBRIN PHASE - II ( Sanctioned ) ( In Kilometres ) IBR IN PHASE - II ( Completed ) ( In Kilometres ) IBRIN PHASEI & II ( In Kilometres )
01 . West Bengal ( WB ) 01,616.570 — — 01,616.570
02 . Assam 176.500 077.500 060.120 236.620
03 . Meghalaya 211.290 204.000 192.750 404.040
04 . Tripura 480.510 269.000 181.510 662.020
05 . Mizoram 153.060 246.500 132.270 285.330
Total INDIA 02,637.930 797.000 566.650 03,204.580
Source : Ministry of Home Affairs , Government of India .
References :
ww .
Livelihoods On Line At Indian Border – BBC News – Subir Bhaumik , dated 28th June , 2005 .
xx .
Human Cost Of Dhaka - Delhi Row – BBC News – Subir Bhaumik , 05th February , 2003 .
yy .
India Bangladesh Border Clash At Pyrdiwah – Anirban Roy – Hindustan Times , 17th April , 2001 .
Seeing in the dark could soon be as easy as popping a pill or squeezing some drops into your eyes , thanks to some new science , an unusual deep - sea fish , and a plant pigment .
In the 1990s , marine biologist Ron Douglas of City University London discovered that , unlike other deep - sea fish , the dragonfish Malacosteus nigercan perceive red light .
Douglas was surprised when he isolated the chemical responsible for absorbing red :
It was chlorophyll .
“ That was weird , ” he says .
The fish had somehow co-opted chlorophyll , most likely from bacteria in their food , and turned it into a vision enhancer .
In 2004 , Ilyas Washington , an ophthalmic scientist at Columbia University Medical Center , came across Douglas ’s findings .
Washington knew that the mechanisms involved in vision tend to be similar throughout the animal kingdom , so he wondered whether chlorophyll could also enhance the vision of other animals , including humans .
His latest experiments in mice and rabbits suggest that administering chlorophyll to the eyes can double their ability to see in low light .
The pigment absorbs hues of red light that are normally invisible in dim conditions .
That information is then transmitted to the brain , allowing enhanced vision .
Washington is now developing ways to deliver chlorophyll to human eyes safely and easily , perhaps through drops .
He believes that a night - vision drug would be most useful on the battlefield , so it is no surprise that the U.S. Department of Defense is funding his work .
“ The military would want this biological enhancement so they do n’t have to carry nighttime goggles ” during operations in the dark , he says .
As a California state employee , I am just giddy that our governor and legislature have at long last agreed on a budget a mere three weeks after it was due , and about six months past when they should have had it done .
Kudos to all of them for a job poorly done !
Part of the deal to cut spending , and this is where California is not alone , is the use of furlough days .
California used to be the leader in so many things , but now we are the leader in screwing over state workers , as several other states — including Maryland , Wisconsin , New Jersey , Ohio and Georgia , to name a few — have also begun furloughing their workforce .
For those unfamiliar with what a furlough is , it ’s a mandatory day off without pay .
In California , most state workers are being forced to take two to three furlough days per month for the next year .
That winds up to about a 10 - 14 percent pay cut .
The government tried to soften the blow by telling state employees that it does n’t affect their benefits , retirement or other hoo - ha .
In other words , think of it as a vacation … in the poor house !
Now some of us are n’t used to all this extra free time we have had thrust upon us , so I thought it would be a public service to give some ideas on things to do on your furlough day if you ’re lucky enough to have two … or three .
1 . Get local congressman ’s cell phone number — sign him up for Lindsay Lohan ’s Twitter account .
2 . Be grateful you ’ve moved into a lower tax bracket .
3 . Offer to help Sarah Palin write her memoirs … or at least color in the pictures .
4 . Make anagrams out of “ Arnold Schwarzenegger ” — for example , I came up with “ Gangland Screw Her Zero . ”
For extra fun , make anagrams out of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ( my personal favorite , “ Mama Made Jihad Hound ” although “ Omaha Damn Humid ” and “ A Madman Do I Hum ” are a close second )
5. Waterboard a cardboard cutout of Paris Hilton .
6 . Go to Wal - Mart , say to an associate , “ Live better my ass ! ”
7 . Using logic , high level mathematics , and standard scientific theories , guess the next Republican to go “ hiking the Appalachian Trial . ”
8 . Go shopping at Circuit City , Linens N’ Things , Mervyns and Sharper Image .
They ’re out of business , so you wo n’t care that you do n’t have money to buy anything .
9 . Write down your local representative ’s name — hold on to it until the next election — DO NOT vote for that person !
10 .
Or you could simply go for a hike , walk your dog , take a bike ride , play with your kids , volunteer somewhere , clean your house , or some other no-cost , constructive task that will take your mind off the fact that you ’ve taken a 10 % pay cut so that your representative ’s per diem stays at around $ 173 PER DAY !
There you have it .
Feel free to contribute your own ideas and perhaps it will be enough for a whole book .
Perhaps , something big enough to read while you ’re sitting at home on one of your furlough days …
Tags : california
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Friday , October 9 , 2009 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Cyberwar Crops Up Again Posted by Alia @ 04:43 GMT
Ed Skoudis gave an interesting keynote speech ( available here , PDF ) at the Hack in the Box conference held in Kuala Lumpur yesterday .
The talk included a section on cyberwar that was , in some ways , the complete inverse of Marcus Ranum�s Cyberwar is Bulls * *t speech the previous year ( slides here , PDF ) .
Plenty of interesting points mentioned .
Here are a few , and just a few of the questions they raised :
There 's been talk that some countries are leaning towards viewing cyber attacks as being on par with a traditional kinetic attack ( i.e. , involving nukes , guns and blood ) , and possibly requiring appropriate military responses .
Yet , there is no consensus on what constitutes a significant attack – one power grid control station taken down ?
A town�s Internet access shut down ?
Or , as one of our Analysts put in , " what would * really * constitute a digital 9/11 ? "
One of Skoudis 's contentions is that an attack that takes down an entire country 's Internet access is fundamentally similar to a blockade , which is historically accepted as an act of war .
The 2007 attacks on Estonia spring to mind .
Is that really an accurate , legally acceptable premise though ?
Can an online attack really cause significant damage to an entire nation 's trade / economy / social structure ?
On a higher level , assuming this issue is n't just a storm in a teacup , should supra-national organizations like the UN or EU pass legislation dealing with cyberwar ?
Say , something like setting rules of engagement or a " cyber Geneva Convention " ?
The US and Russia can�t agree on a proposed treaty ( New York Times article ) dealing with the cyberwar " threat " ; is there any likelihood that multiple countries with varying Internet connectivity and cyberattack - capabilities would be able to clobber a working treaty together ?
And what about information security professionals ?
In events like the Estonia and Georgia cyber attacks , where commercial sites were targeted rather than military ones , it was the average system administrator or security professional that had to deal with the immediate effects of the attack .
Do they have a part to play in mitigating cyberwar threats ?
Is the scope out of the industry 's hands ?
Is it just " not my problem " ?
Lots of things to think about , with no consensus in sight .
A lot of blogposts , articles and comments – both supporting and dissenting – were generated by Ranum 's talk on this topic last year ; this year 's talk looks set to generate more .
It would probably be interesting to listen to Ed Skoudis and Marcus Ranum debating this topic .
We 've all been there .
You climb into bed , you turn off the nightstand lamp , and you think " Did I close the garage door ? "
Save yourself the midnight trip to check on the garage with this ingenious hack .
Advertisement
Instructables user kcj2010 hated peeling himself out of bed to double check on the garage door and hated waking up in the morning realizing he'd left it open even more .
His solution was to wire a sensor to his garage door and place an indicator light hidden in the light fixture of the master bedroom .
When the garage is open , a small red LED shines on the light fixture and gives an immediate and highly visible indicator that the garage door is open .
No light ?
The garage is closed .
Seems like an idea that could be applied to any swinging or sliding door that causes you concern .
Check out the Instructable for the parts list and wiring diagram .
Sound off in the comments if you 've undertaken a novel hack of your own to solve a problem around the house .
Advertisement
How - To Install a " Garage Door Open " Indicator [ via Unpluggd ]
" The girls liked East German guys because they were gentle and timid , but complained about Westerners who thought their money could buy anything , " said Förster , whose club was located near one of the mobile brothels .
We arrived at the frozen river separating China and North Korea at 5 o’clock on the morning of March 17 .
The air was crisp and still , and there was no one else in sight .
As the sun appeared over the horizon , our guide stepped onto the ice .
We followed him .
We had traveled to the area to document a grim story of human trafficking for Current TV .
During the previous week , we had met and interviewed several North Korean defectors -- women who had fled poverty and repression in their homeland , only to find themselves living in a bleak limbo in China .
Some had , out of desperation , found work in the online sex industry ; others had been forced into arranged marriages .
Now our guide , a Korean Chinese man who often worked for foreign journalists , had brought us to the Tumen River to document a well - used trafficking route and chronicle how the smuggling operations worked .
There were no signs marking the international border , no fences , no barbed wire .
But we knew our guide was taking us closer to the North Korean side of the river .
As he walked , he began making deep , low hooting sounds , which we assumed was his way of making contact with North Korean border guards he knew .
The previous night , he had called his associates in North Korea on a black cellphone he kept for that purpose , trying to arrange an interview for us .
He was unsuccessful , but he could , he assured us , show us the no-man ’s land along the river , where smugglers pay off guards to move human traffic from one country to another .
When we set out , we had no intention of leaving China , but when our guide beckoned for us to follow him beyond the middle of the river , we did , eventually arriving at the riverbank on the North Korean side .
He pointed out a small village in the distance where he told us that North Koreans waited in safe houses to be smuggled into China via a well - established network that has escorted tens of thousands across the porous border .
Feeling nervous about where we were , we quickly turned back toward China .
Midway across the ice , we heard yelling .
We looked back and saw two North Korean soldiers with rifles running toward us .
Instinctively , we ran .
We were firmly back inside China when the soldiers apprehended us .
Producer Mitch Koss and our guide were both able to outrun the border guards .
We were not .
We tried with all our might to cling to bushes , ground , anything that would keep us on Chinese soil , but we were no match for the determined soldiers .
They violently dragged us back across the ice to North Korea and marched us to a nearby army base , where we were detained .
Over the next 140 days , we were moved to Pyongyang , isolated from one another , repeatedly interrogated and eventually put on trial and sentenced to 12 years of hard labor .
During our time in captivity , and in the weeks since we returned , there has been speculation about what we were doing in that part of the world and about what happened on the morning of the 17th .
After arriving home , we were disoriented , overwhelmed and not ready to talk about the experience .
There are things that are still too painful to revisit , but we do want to explain what took us to northeastern China and the circumstances of our arrest .
Our motivations for covering this story were many .
First and foremost , we believe that journalists have a responsibility to shine light in dark places , to give voice to those who are too often silenced and ignored .
One of us , Euna , is a devout Christian whose faith infused her interest in the story .
The other , Laura , has reported on the exploitation of women around the world for years .
We wanted to raise awareness about the harsh reality facing these North Korean defectors who , because of their illegal status in China , live in terror of being sent back to their homeland .
In researching the story , we sought help from several activists and missionaries who operate in the region .
Our main contact was the Seoul - based Rev. Chun Ki-won , a well - known figure in the world of North Korean defectors .
Chun and his network have helped smuggle hundreds of North Koreans out of China and into countries -- including the U.S. -- where they can start new lives .
He introduced us to our guide and gave us a cellphone to use in China , telephone numbers to reach his associates and specific instructions on how to contact them .
We carefully followed his directions so as to not endanger anyone in this underground world .
Because these defectors live in fear of being repatriated to North Korea , we took extreme caution to ensure that the people we interviewed and their locations were not identifiable .
We met with defectors away from their actual places of work or residence .
We avoided filming the faces of defectors so as not to reveal their identities .
The exception was one woman who allowed us to film her profile .
Most of the North Koreans we spoke with said they were fleeing poverty and food shortages .
One girl in her early 20s said she had been told she could find work in the computer industry in China .
After being smuggled across the Tumen River , she found herself working with computers , but not in the way she had expected .
She became one of a growing number of North Korean women who are being used as Internet sex workers , undressing for online clients on streaming video .
Some defectors appeared more nervous about being interviewed than others .
But they all agreed that their lives in China , while stark , were better than what they had left behind in North Korea .
We also visited a foster home run by a pastor who worked for Chun .
The home housed six children born to North Korean women who were forced into marriage in China .
The mothers had either been repatriated to North Korea or had abandoned their families .
Because the children have Chinese fathers , it is unlikely they will be deported to North Korea .
The foster home provides them with decent conditions , an education and hope for a better life .
In the days before our capture , our guide had seemed cautious and responsible ; he was as concerned as we were about protecting our interview subjects and not taking unnecessary risks .
That is in part why we made the decision to follow him across the river .
We did n’t spend more than a minute on North Korean soil before turning back , but it is a minute we deeply regret .
To this day , we still do n’t know if we were lured into a trap .
In retrospect , the guide behaved oddly , changing our starting point on the river at the last moment and donning a Chinese police overcoat for the crossing , measures we assumed were security precautions .
But it was ultimately our decision to follow him , and we continue to pay for that decision today with dark memories of our captivity .
After we were detained , the two of us made every effort to limit the repercussions of our arrest .
In the early days of our confinement , before we were taken to Pyongyang , we were left for a very brief time with our belongings .
With guards right outside the room , we furtively destroyed evidence in our possession by swallowing notes and damaging videotapes .
During rigorous , daily interrogation sessions , we took care to protect our sources and interview subjects .
We were also extremely careful not to reveal the names of our Chinese and Korean contacts , including Chun .
People had put their lives at risk by sharing their stories , and we were determined to do everything in our power to safeguard them .
Our families and colleagues back home maintained total silence about our work for two full months , both to minimize the potential impact on sensitive underground work in China and to protect us .
We were surprised to learn that Chun spoke with reporters publicly in the immediate aftermath of our arrest .
Among other things , Chun claimed that he had warned us not to go to the river .
In fact , he was well aware of our plans because he had been communicating with us throughout our time in China , and he never suggested we should n’t go .
Chun ’s public statements prompted members of our families to speak directly with him in Korean , pleading with him to refrain from any further comment that might jeopardize our situation and those of relief organizations working along the border .
After spending nearly five months in captivity , we were relieved to be granted amnesty by the North Korean government .
We continue to cope with tremendous mental and emotional anguish , but we feel incredibly fortunate to be free and reunited with our families .
We are forever indebted to the United States government , particularly the State Department , to President Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton , to former Vice President Al Gore and our colleagues at Current TV , to Swedish Ambassador Mats Foyer , and to former President Clinton and his team for taking on this private humanitarian mission .
We ca n’t adequately express the emotions surrounding our release .
One moment , we were preparing to be sent to a labor camp , fearing that we would disappear and never be heard from again ; the next we were escorted into a room with President Clinton , who greeted us and told us we were going home .
We are grateful to the many journalists who kept our story alive .
We are humbled by the tens of thousands of people who supported us , prayed for us and fought for our release .
At the same time , though , we do not want our story to overshadow the critical plight of these desperate defectors .
Since our release , we have become aware that the situation along the China - North Korea border has become even more challenging for aid groups and that many defectors are going deeper underground .
We regret if any of our actions , including the high - profile nature of our confinement , has led to increased scrutiny of activists and North Koreans living along the border .
The activists ’ work is inspiring , courageous and crucial .
Many people have asked about our strength to endure such hardships and uncertainty .
But our experiences pale when compared with the hardship facing so many people living in North Korea or as illegal immigrants in China .
The outcome of our three - day trial was never in doubt .
In the end , we were convicted and sentenced to two years for trespassing and 10 years for “ hostile acts . ”
What did we do that was hostile ?
We tried to tell the story of repression and desperation in North Korea .
It ’s not surprising , given the North Korean government ’s desire to silence any form of dissent , that the more extreme portion of the sentence was issued not for trespassing but for our work as journalists .
Totalitarian regimes the world over are terrified of exposure .
We know that people would like to hear more about our experience in captivity .
But what we have shared here is all we are prepared to talk about -- the psychological wounds of imprisonment are slow to heal .
Instead , we would rather redirect this interest to the story we went to report on , a story about despairing North Korean defectors who flee to China only to find themselves living a different kind of horror .
We hope that now , more than ever , the plight of these people and of the aid groups helping them are not forgotten .
Laura Ling is a correspondent for Current TV and vice president of its Vanguard Journalism unit .
Euna Lee is a producer and editor for Current ’s Vanguard series .
To see more of their work , go to current.com .
The discovery that Countrywide Financial Corp. recorded phone conversations with borrowers in a controversial mortgage program that included public officials -- and that those recordings have been destroyed -- has prompted new congressional calls for more information about the program .
Rep. Darrell Issa of California , the ranking Republican on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , is trying to subpoena the remaining records of Countrywide 's VIP loan program .
So far , the committee 's chairman , New York Democratic ...
From today any Eircom subscriber that attempts to access file sharing site The Pirate Bay or related IP addresses will find themselves blocked , Eircom has confirmed .
In a statement this morning Eircom said it was following a High Court order .
“ In making the Order , requiring Eircom to block access to The Pirate Bay website , the High Court was satisfied that the website is dedicated to facilitating the illegal downloading of copyrighted material without the permission of the copyright owners .
“ Eircom recognises the legitimate rights of the owners of copyrighted material and believes that individuals who share or download copyrighted material without the authorisation or the permission of the owner of that content are acting illegally .
“ Eircom would like to reassure customers that as part of the block Eircom will not monitor customers ’ activities at any stage , nor will it place any monitoring equipment or software on its network in order to facilitate this block , ” the company said .
Meanwhile cable broadband operator UPC said it was going to stand by its guns on the issue and will not block The Pirate Bay .
Last week UPC confirmed that the big four record labels – EMI , Warner , Sony and Universal – have sought a High Court injunction to block The Pirate Bay on its network .
“ UPC regrets this decision by the rightsholders .
We have throughout all correspondence indicated that we are very supportive of the position that authors and performers are entitled to be remunerated for their artistic efforts .
As has been communicated in the past , we take a strong stance on the infringement of copyright – indeed our very own business model depends on the protection of such material .
“ Notwithstanding this however , as a legitimate business we are required to operate within the confines of the law .
We believe that there is no basis in Irish law for this request , ” UPC said last week .
By John Kennedy
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Two suicide bombers have killed at least four people at a university in the Pakistani capital Islamabad .
At least 18 people were wounded in the twin blasts at the International Islamic University .
The attack is the first since the Pakistani army began its offensive against militants in South Waziristan , in the country 's north - west .
In a telephone call to the BBC , a senior Taliban commander has claimed his movement was behind the bombings .
Qari Hussain , the man reportedly responsible for training Pakistani Taliban suicide bombers , said his organisation now considered all of Pakistan to now be a war zone .
AT THE SCENE Orla Guerin
BBC News , Islamabad
One of the blasts happened outside the office of the professor of Sharia law .
The blast was so powerful that it punched a massive hole in the wall of that office .
Rubble and masonry were littered on the floor , as well as some shoes - it 's unclear whether these belonged to the bomber or one of his victims .
One student said the sky went dark when the explosion happened , that some people ran away in fear while others tried to help the victims .
Pakistan was hit by a wave of bombings by Taliban and al - Qaeda supporters in the days before the assault began .
Security has been stepped up in recent days , and many schools in Islamabad and other big cities were told to close for the week .
In South Waziristan itself , fierce fighting is continuing for a fourth day as Pakistani troops battle to gain control of the key Taliban - held town of Kotkai .
The blasts at the International Islamic University hit the women 's cafeteria and the Islamic law department .
Police superintendent Abdul Ghafar Quaiserani said the two suicide bombers struck at about the same time .
' State of war '
One student , who e-mailed BBC News , said gunfire had preceded the explosions : " There were gunshots at first and then two explosions one after the other .
One was just outside the gate of the girls ' cafeteria and the other one targeted the head of the department for Sharia studies .
" I was near that office .
Two of my friends were injured , they were taken to the hospital .
I am in shock .
Now we are not even safe in our universities . "
President Asif Ali Zardari and Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani condemned the blasts .
And Interior Minister Rehman Malik said : " We are in a state of war .
They will make every effort to destabilise the country .
" These so - called Islamists are enemies of Islam and enemies of Pakistan . "
The Associated Press says the International Islamic University was established on the outskirts of the city in the 1980s and has more than 12,000 students - nearly half of them women , many from abroad .
Are you in Islamabad ?
Have you been caught up in events ?
Send us your comments using the form below : A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
In the developing world millions of people struggle to operate machinery , read from a blackboard , or just see the world around them , because they do n't have access to the eyeglasses they need .
Self - refraction glasses let the wearer adjust the lenses to suit their vision , without the need for an optometrist .
But a pair of glasses developed by Joshua Silver , a physics professor at the University of Oxford , offers an affordable solution .
The glasses can be adjusted to the right strength by the wearer without the need to visit an optometrist .
A major reason for that is a chronic shortage of optometrists -- in Ghana , for example , there is just one for every eight million people .
That makes it incredibly difficult for ordinary people to visit an optometrist , without which it 's impossible for them to get glasses .
But Silver thinks he may have come up with a solution to the problem .
His self - refraction glasses mean people can correct their vision without needing an optometrist ( see Fact Box ) .
" Take a Sub - Saharan country where there is one optometrist for every million people ; those people will never see an optometrist , so how will they get eyewear ? , " he told CNN .
" Any model of delivery of vision correction in the developing world that depends on eye care professionals wo n't work .
If you find a model that does n't rely on them , then you potentially have a solution . "
Silver has been developing the glasses for over 20 years and continues to research the technology at the Center for Vision in the Developing World ( CVDW ) at the University of Oxford .
How the glasses work
The secret of the self - refractive glasses is their lenses .
They consist of clear membranes filled with silicon oil , protected by plastic discs .
The wearer can adjust the amount of oil in the lenses using a dial fitted to a syringe on the arms of the glasses .
Changing the amount of oil in the lenses changes their curvature , which alters their strength .
When someone has adjusted the lenses to suit their vision , the lenses are sealed with a valve and the syringes removed , giving near - instant glasses with no need for an optometrist .
He told CNN that about 80 percent of those who try the glasses are able to correct their vision , but there are limitations .
They can't be used to correct astigmatism and it's not known if they are suitable for children , although the CVDW is currently running a study to determine if schoolchildren can correct their own vision with their teachers ' help .
So far , 30,000 pairs of self - refraction glasses have been distributed around the world , through an adult literacy program in Ghana and the U.S. Military Humanitarian and Civic Assistance ( HCA ) Program .
The man behind the HCA program was Kevin White .
He has now retired from the military and has set up Global Vision 2020 to distribute self - adjustable glasses .
White has just returned from Liberia , where he trained 40 people from local NGOs to dispense the glasses .
White sees charity organizations already working in developing countries as the key to distribution .
" If I can train people from existing networks to dispense glasses , and they can spare one day each week or month to dispense the glasses , then they can see 50 to 100 people in a day -- and that 's a way to reach a lot of people , " White told CNN .
Vital Signs Each month CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta brings viewers health stories from around the world .
See more from the show »
But for the program to be sustainable , White says the next step is to train his dispensers to become trainers themselves , so that he builds a growing network of people in developing countries who can distribute the glasses .
Silver estimates that one billion people in the developing world do n't have access to the glasses they need , and he has said that he would like to see all of them wearing glasses by 2020 .
But he is under no illusions that he can do it alone .
" No one person or company can possibly deliver that many glasses by 2020 .
There 's a big infrastructure that needs to be set up to do that , and I 'd like to see it happen , " he told CNN .
Distribution is one problem , cost is another .
Currently , it cost $ 19 to manufacture a pair of self - refraction glasses , and Silver acknowledges that the price needs to come down to a few dollars a pair to make them affordable .
Another issue is style .
The glasses are currently functional , rather than fashionable , and that may limit their uptake , but more cosmetic versions are being developed .
Silver says far more research is needed before those one billion people get their glasses , but he sees his self - refraction technology as a step toward that goal .
He told CNN , " It 's one of the world 's largest problems .
There 's an immense amount of interest in solving it and self - refraction is one route that can assist with that . "
Derek Thompson follows the logic of regulating and taxing tobacco rather than banning it :
The government 's effort to manage tobacco rather than make it illegal is exactly what belongs in the debate over pot and other illegal substances that could , at the very least , provide significant boons to medical pharmacology .
The FDA has rejected the possibility of making cigarettes illegal by saying the underground product would be " even more dangerous than those currently marketed . "
So when you make popular products illegal , it has the potential to make those products more dangerous .
Gee , ya think ?
I know that Gee , ya think is about as far as you can get from a comprehensive plan for the controlled legalization of marijuana and other substances .
But let 's be adults here .
Obama understands the limits of cigarette law because he understands the market for cigarettes .
Maybe what the drug debate really needs is a joint in the West Wing .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Today , EFF joined an amicus brief in Bilski v. Kappos , a closely - watched case that will be decided by the Supreme Court later this year .
At stake is whether the Supreme Court will limit the patentability of " business methods . "
Just over ten years ago , the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals handed down State Street Bank & Trust Co. v. Signature Financial Group , opening the doors to patents for novel methods of doing business .
That ruling knocked patent law loose from its historical moorings and injected patents into business areas where they were neither needed nor wanted .
The results have been nothing short of disastrous : a flood of patent applications for services like arbitration , tax - planning , legal counseling , charity fundraising , and even novel - writing .
Later this year , the Supreme Court will have the opportunity to resurrect sensible limits on patentability .
EFF believes that patents should only be granted for technological processes .
Congress never intended the strong protections of the patent monopoly to be available for mere services and methods of doing business .
There is already plenty of incentive for innovation in those areas without the need for patents , driven by a variety of forces , such as establishing and maintaining first - mover advantages and establishing reputational capital that cannot be " stolen " by competitors .
It 's always worth remembering that granting patent protection where it is not needed comes at a steep price , making it difficult for new players to enter the market .
Moreover , expanding patents to business methods has tied up PTO and judicial resources that could be better spent on the kinds of patents that have historically been at the heart of the patent system .
If the police get their tower , what does that make us ?
OCEAN BEACH , CA .
Last week the San Diego Union - Tribune reported that the City ’s Police Department has decided to purchase a mobile observation tower .
Paying the $ 119,000 price tag with funds from a Homeland Security grant , the SDPD has already tried the tower out out on numerous occasions , and expects delivery of the two - storied platform in February .
Police told the U - T that they had used the tower at the beach over Labor Day , had used it at UTC during the recent holidays and at Qualcomm when the Raiders played the Chargers .
“ It has assisted us in making arrests , ” police Capt .
Shelly Zimmerman told the newspaper , “ and has certainly been a huge deterrent . ”
We ’re told that the El Cajon police use a similar tower at Westfield Parkway Plaza shopping mall to “ monitor crowds . ”
ICx Technologies , of Arlington , VA , manufactures the tower .
In their brochure , they call the tower “ Skywatch Frontier ” and describe all their product ’s features and advantages .
Only trouble is , the tower they offer – the Skywatch Frontier – “ was originally designed to meet the needs of forward deployed military forces . ”
Holy cow !
The mobility and functionality of the Frontier make it ideal for use at impermanent bases or as part of security operations around critical infrastructure facilities .
“ Critical infrastructure facilities ? ” Qualcomm , UTC , the beach on Labor Day , shopping malls ?
The brochure adds that “ due to varying levels of enemy activities ” the Frontier comes in 3 different types of armor and gun ports .
it has an elevation of up to 25 feet and can observe over a second story roofline .
What were the manufacturers ’ intentions in building it ?
The brochure states : “ The Skywatch Frontier was developed with the intention of being deployed with our military forces and as such provides optional ballistic capabilities for those areas in which enemy activity is at its highest .
Due to this inherent design , the Frontier can meet the rigors of expeditionary missions not only for the military , but also for border patrol and high level security arenas . ”
The Skywatch Frontier can be loaded with a significant array of surveillance and monitoring equipment as well as high level communications capabilities .
The high profile also acts as a significant deterrent to enemy forces .
Clearly , this so - called platform , then , was developed by its manufacturer as a high - tech , mobile guard tower with gun ports .
So , if the police get their tower , their Skywatch Frontier , what does that make the rest of us ?
The Oilwatch Monthly is a newsletter that is available free of charge with the latest data on oil supply , demand , oil stocks , spare capacity and exports .
Readers who want to receive the Oilwatch Monthly in their e-mail box each month can subscribe at this weblink , by filling in their first name , last name , email address and selecting Oilwatch Monthly in the mailing list box .
To finalize your subscription push the ' inschrijven ' button below the form .
Latest Developments :
1 ) Conventional crude production - Latest figures from the Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) show that crude oil production including lease condensates decreased by 236,000 b/d from April to May 2009 , resulting in total production of crude oil including lease condensates of 71.80 million b/d .
The all time high production record of crude oil stands at 74.74 million b/d reached in July 2008 .
2 ) Total liquid fuel production -
In July 2009 world production of all liquid fuels increased by 580,000 barrels per day from June according to the latest fgures of the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) , resulting in total world liquid fuels production of 85.15 million b/d. Liquids production for June 2009 was revised upwards from 84.16 to 84.57 million b/d.
Average global liquid fuels production in 2009 up to July was 84.54 million b/d versus 86.6 and 85.32 million b/d in respectively 2008 and 2007 .
3 ) OPEC Production - Total liquid fuels production in OPEC countries increased by 200,000 b/d from June to July to a level of 34.00 million b/d.
Average liquid fuels production in 2009 up to July was 33.49 million b/d , versus 36.09 and 35.02 million b/d in respectively 2008 and 2007 .
All time high production of OPEC liquid fuels stands at 36.58 million b/d reached in July 2008 .
Total crude oil production excluding lease condensates of the OPEC cartel decreased by 110,000 b/d to a level of 28.64 million b/d , from June to July 2009 , according to the latest available estimate of the IEA .
Average crude oil production in 2009 up to July was 28.53 million b/d , versus 31.43 and 30.37 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
4 ) Non-OPEC Production - Total liquid fuels production excluding biofuels in Non-OPEC countries increased by 370,000 b/d from June to July 2009 , resulting in a production level of 49.60 million b/d according to the International Energy Agency .
Average liquid fuels production in 2009 up to July was 49.56 million b/d , versus 49.32 and 49.34 million b/d in respectively 2008 and 2007 .
Total Non-OPEC crude oil production excluding lease condensates decreased by 367,000 b/d to a level of 41.50 million b/d , from April to May 2009 , according to the latest available estimate of the EIA .
Average crude oil production in 2009 up to May was 41.68 million b/d , versus 41.32 and 41.80 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
5 ) OECD Oil Consumption - Oil consumption in OECD countries decreased by 879,000 b/d from April to May to a level of 42.30 million b/d.
Average OECD oil consumption in 2009 up to May was 44.09 million b/d , versus 46.10 and 47.68 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
6 ) Chinese & Indian liquids demand - Oil consumption in China increased by 137,000 b/d from April to May to a level of 7.54 million b/d.
Average oil consumption in China in 2009 up to May was 6.98 million b/d , versus 6.92 and 7.29 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
Oil consumption in India decreased by 121,000 b/d to a level of 2.82 million b/d.
Average oil consumption in India in 2009 up to May was 2.92 million b/d , versus 2.60 and 2.43 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
8 ) OPEC spare capacity - According to the International Energy Agency total effective spare capacity ( excluding Iraq , Venezuela and Nigeria ) in July 2009 increased to 5.30 million from 5.13 million b/d in July .
The IEA estimates Saudi Arabia currently capable of producing an additional 3.3 million b/d within 90 days , the United Arab Emirates 0.58 million b/d , Angola 0.4 million b/d , Iran 0.22 million b/d , Libya 0.23 million b/d , Qatar 0.13 million b/d , and the other remaining countries 0.44 million b/d .
Total OPEC spare production capacity in July 2009 remained stable at 4.44 million from June according to the Energy Information Administration .
Of total spare capacity 2.50 million b/d is estimated to come from Saudi Arabia , 0.24 million b/d from Qatar , 0.28 million b/d from Angola , 0.30 million b/d from Kuwait , 0.30 million b/d from the United Arab Emirates , 0.10 million b/d from Iran , and 0.72 million b/d from other countries .
9 ) OECD oil stocks - Industrial inventories of crude oil in the OECD in June 2009 decreased to a level of 988 million from 990 million barrels in May according to the latest IEA statistics .
Current OECD crude oil stocks are 31 million barrels higher than the five year average of 957 million barrels .
Industrial product stocks in the OECD in June 2009 increased to 1467 million from 1451 million barrels in May , according to the latest IEA Statistics .
Current OECD product stocks are 72 million barrels higher than the five year average of 1395 million barrels .
10 ) OECD oil imports - Oil imports in the group of OECD countries decreased by 1.60 million b/d from 4th qrt. 2008 to 1st qrt. 2009 to a level of 30.43 million b/d.
Average oil import in OECD countries in 2008 was 32.19 million b/d , versus 32.47 and 32.7 million b/d in 2007 and 2006 respectively .
Figure 2 - World Crude Oil Production from January 2004 to May 2009
Figure 3 - World Liquid Fuel Production from January 2004 to July 2009
Figure 4 - OPEC Liquid Fuel Production from January 2004 to July 2009
Figure 5 - OPEC crude oil production from January 2004 to July 2009
Figure 6 - Non-OPEC
Liquid Fuel Production from January 2004 to July 2009
Figure 7 - OECD oil imports from 1st quarter 2002 to 4th quarter 2008
Figure 8 - OECD Crude Oil Stocks from January 2002 to June 2009
Figure 9 - OECD Oil Product Stocks from January 2002 to June 2009
Figure 10 - Saudi Arabia Liquid Fuel and Crude Oil production from January 2002 to July 2009
Figure 11 - Russia liquid Fuel and Crude Oil Production From January 2002 to July 2009
Figure 12 - United Kingdom Oil Imports , Exports , Production from 1st quarter 2002 to 1st quarter 2009
Next stop , clay tablets
Publication date : 19 June 2009
Originally published 2008 in Atomic : Maximum Power Computing
Last modified 03 - Dec - 2011 .
I just spent a while playing with an unusual data storage option .
That unusual storage option is ... paper .
But not paper with boring old plain text on it .
Paper with arbitrary digital data on it .
Paper is a great format on which to store really important information .
Thieves seldom bother to steal it .
Magnetic fields or power surges do n't damage it .
Paper can also tolerate much higher temperatures than any digital storage system .
And if those high temperatures are created by a housefire , paper in a simple wooden box , like the bottom shelf of a chest of drawers , is actually very likely to survive .
If your house burns to the ground then any paper not in a very fireproof safe ( read the small print before you buy one of those , to see what " fireproof " means to this particular manufacturer ... ) will of course be gone along with everything else .
And metal filing cabinets pass heat through , sacrificing their contents to save themselves .
But even if the fire brigade take half an hour to turn up , paper in a wooden bottom - drawer will probably survive a house fire .
And most ordinary cheap printer paper today is acid - free , so fifty years from now it wo n't be brown and flaky like an old paperback book .
OK , if the roof leaks over your backup , then a flash - drive will probably come out better than paper would .
The shelf life of modern flash RAM ought to be at least a few decades , too - but there 's no guarantee that the hyperconductive thinking aluminum computers of the year 2075 will have USB ports , or support for current filesystems .
Paper could , therefore , actually be more compatible in the future than any of today 's conventional data - storage options .
Paper is really pretty awesome stuff .
You can fit something in the order of twelve thousand characters of small - but - legible eight - point text on one sheet of A4 paper .
At one byte per character , that 's 11.7 kilobytes ( in the powers - of - two sense ) of data per one - sided page , or more than 87 pages per megabyte .
You can fit considerably more on if you print it all tiny and squinty , but no human - legible text gives you very good data capacity per page .
You can do a lot better than text , though .
" Matrix codes " are the two - dimensional " square barcodes " that 're popping up all over the place these days .
Well , they 're usually square .
UPS 's released - into - the - public - domain " MaxiCode " uses little circles with a bullseye in the middle , Microsoft have as usual invented their own standard , and there 's also the very distinctive - looking Palo Alto Research Center " DataGlyphs " , the standard version of which encodes data as a rectangle of little slashes and backslashes .
The little lines can be printed in different weights and in different colours without changing the data they encode , so you can make a halftone image that contains " hidden " digital data .
( For some reason , PARC seem to have abandoned dataglyphs.com and scrubbed all mention of the things from parc.com .
If you 're reading this a while after I wrote it , perhaps they 'll have sorted themselves out . )
All of the matrix codes made for barcode sorts of jobs are , of course , only meant to be used to store bar - code -y sorts of data .
This means they usually have hard format limits that make sure the matrix will fit on product packaging , and will be coarse - grained enough to be " scanned " with a low - res camera , like those in cheap mobile phones .
The maximum capacity of an alphanumeric QR Code , for instance , is 4,296 characters .
Data Matrix tops out at 3,116 characters , and Aztec Code can do 3,067 alphabetic characters with no numbers or punctuation , or 1,914 bytes of arbitrary data .
( For comparison , a standard IBM punched card , such as still survives here and there , has 80 columns of 12 punch locations .
That gives a theoretical maximum capacity of 960 bits , or 120 of today 's conventional 8 - bit bytes , each of which more or less equals an alphanumeric character .
In practice this full capacity was unattainable , though , partly because no encoding system supported using every location for user - data storage - 80 characters of user data was actually the most that anybody ever got from an 80 - column card - and partly because a card with too many holes punched in it , also known as a " lace card " , would jam in the reader .
And if you 've enjoyed this digression , see also " Rainbow Storage " , a bold step forward for information theory into the realm of utter bollocks . )
Let 's stick for the moment with the job of storing plain text .
English words generally average about 5.5 characters each , plus one for a space or punctuation ; that means about 660 words for QR Code , about 480 for Data Matrix , or about 300 for Aztec Code .
( Here 's a neat online encoder that lets you create a Data Matrix or QR Code . )
A capacity of a few hundred words is actually quite useful , for some kinds of everyday text .
Newspaper stories , for instance , commonly come in at less than 400 words .
The Sunday paper would be a lot smaller if we were all able to read stories encoded as blocks of dots .
And these capacity numbers are also very approximate .
That 's partly because of the variability of text , but also because smarter encoding systems - a widely - understood compression system , like the gzip used by some Web servers , for instance - can push capacity up considerably .
And , at the same time , error - correction code can push capacity down , but make the data resistant to damage .
Many data - matrix systems use Reed - Solomon error correction , and allow you to dial the error - correction content up to 90 % or more of the total encoded data .
That gives you a lot less space for user data , but makes the data extremely hard to destroy .
Error-correction makes data matrices suitable for another job - " paper keys " for strong encryption .
You probably only need 128 bits of entropy for functionally unbreakable encryption .
That 's a tiny amount by computer standards , but makes for a fairly cumbersome password or passphrase .
If it 's OK to turn the key into a physical object , though , you can encode it as some kind of matrix code .
You can easily fit 128 bits of key into the area of a postage stamp , and still have room for enough error - correction data to make the key highly resistant to folding , spindling or mutilation .
( You can even tattoo matrix codes on yourself .
Persons of ordinary dimensions are likely to find it difficult , not to mention painful , to fit more than a very short message . )
But never mind all that .
What about general - purpose backups ?
Even if all you want to back up is a few megabytes of accounts data , a system that can only store a few kilobytes per data matrix is useless .
This is a great shame , though , when you realise that fitting two or three kilobytes into a one - inch square means a single sheet of A4 paper could hold at least a couple of hundred kilobytes , even if you include plenty of error - correction redundancy to minimise the chance of silverfish - related data loss .
There 's no upper limit to the amount of data you can store as matrix codes , if you 've got the space .
Look at Dolby Digital and Sony Dynamic Digital Sound movie audio , for instance ; they 're encoded optically , just like any other matrix code , on on the edge of the film .
200 kilobytes ain't much if you 're backing up your whole hard drive .
But it 's actually pretty decent for a lot of really important files .
Financial data , program source code .
The novel you 're writing .
Your university thesis .
There are already at least two data backup utilities that use matrix codes , expanded to cover the whole of an arbitrary number of pages .
One of them is Twibright 's " Optar " ( OPTical ARchiver ) , which can reliably pack 200 kilobytes of data onto one laser - printed A4 page .
Optar does n't come as ready - to - go software , though ; you have to compile the C source code yourself .
This can actually be a plus , though .
If the computing world as we know it , with x86 CPUs and USB ports , still exists when you have to restore your Optar backup , you can just use the same software you compiled last time .
And if you package a printout of the 20 - odd pages of " unoptar " C source code with your Optar backup , people fifty or a hundred years from now will probably still be able to compile it .
People are still working in Fortran and Lisp today ( though not always by choice ... ) , and the original versions of those languages are more than 50 years old ; C is n't quite middle - aged yet , but I do n't think it 's a stretch to say that C will still be compilable in 2075 , if we 're not all busy fighting the rad-zombies for Soylent .
All this is , of course , a bit much for someone who just wants to play with the technology .
Fortunately , there 's also a ready - to - go free - software Windows paper - backup program , inventively named " PaperBack " .
The PaperBack source is downloadable too ( C++ , this time ) , so PaperBack is another real option for long - term backups .
And it can cram about half a megabyte of data onto a 600dpi A4 page , though I would n't trust my cheap laser printer with more than 180k per page .
PaperBack includes compression tuned to work very well with plain text , so it 's an ideal solution for backing up written works , program source code , lists of passwords and exported data from your accounting program .
I found that with compression turned on , a 746 - kilobyte plain - text version of Charles Dickens ' A Tale Of Two Cities only took up about one and a quarter PaperBack pages ...
... even using my crummy laser printer .
Printed as tight - packed eight - point text , it would have been more than sixty pages .
( General - purpose compression like Zip or 7 - Zip will give the best results with most files , but PaperBack 's compression is clearly better for plain text . )
PaperBack even has built - in encryption , though you can of course also encrypt your data in some other way before backing it up .
However you encrypt any backup , you should of course make sure you remember the password , or separately back up the key certificates , or whatever the key for the encryption scheme you 're using happens to be .
If you do n't , encryption can more accurately be called the " delayed Recycle Bin " .
If your data does n't need " real " encryption , data - matrix encoding just by itself will stymie casual snoopers .
PaperBack also has error - correction , adjustable from enough for your data to survive the loss of one little square block of dots in every ten , to enough to tolerate the loss of one block in every two .
I did my capacity tests with the default one - in - five redundancy , and also tested the correction with a bit of hole - punching and scribbling .
At 180 kilobytes per page , you 'll need 5,825 pages of A4 copy paper to back up a gigabyte of data .
And a few toner cartridges .
And a paper - slave to keep feeding the printer .
All of my passwords and other login info are only 24,074 bytes , though .
Even without compression , PaperBack can fit that on an A7 index card .
And ten years of my business accounts zip down to about 2.7 Mb .
That 's only fifteen cheap - laser pages .
Works for me !
Republican Congressional leaders are continuing their witch - hunt against ACORN , the grassroots community group dedicated to helping poor and working class people .
This campaign now unfortunately has gained bi-partisan legislative support in the form of the Defund ACORN Act of 2009 which has now passed the House and Senate .
As Ryan Grim at Huffington Post has pointed out , the legislation " could plausibly defund the entire military - industrial complex : "
The congressional legislation intended to defund ACORN , passed with broad bipartisan support , is written so broadly that it applies to " any organization " that has been charged with breaking federal or state election laws , lobbying disclosure laws , campaign finance laws or filing fraudulent paperwork with any federal or state agency .
It also applies to any of the employees , contractors or other folks affiliated with a group charged with any of those things .
According to the Project on Oversight and Government Reform , this legislation could potentially eliminate a virtual Who ’s Who of war contractors including Lockheed Martin , Boeing and KBR to other corporations such as AT&T , FedEx and Dell .
Perhaps one of the most jarring comparisons here is the fact that ACORN is now being attacked while the Obama administration continues to contract with Blackwater , the favorite mercenary company of the Bush administration , which is headed by Erik Prince , who was a major donor to Republican causes and campaigns , including those of some of the Defund ACORN bill ’s sponsors , including Indiana Republican Mike Pence , one of the key figures in hunting down Van Jones .
Prince , of course , was recently described by a former employee as a man who " views himself as a Christian crusader tasked with eliminating Muslims and the Islamic faith from the globe , " and that Prince ’s companies " encouraged and rewarded the destruction of Iraqi life . "
At present Blackwater has a $ 217 million security contract through the State Department in Iraq which was just extended by the Obama administration indefinitely .
It holds a $ 210 million State Department " security " contract in Afghanistan that runs through 2011 and another multi-million dollar contract with the Defense Department for " training " in Kabul .
All of this is on top of Blackwater ’s clandestine work for the CIA , including continued work on the drone bombing campaign in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
This also does not take into account Blackwater ’s lucrative domestic work training law enforcement and military forces inside the US at the company ’s compounds in North Carolina , California and Illinois , nor the private " security " work it does for entities like the International Republican Institute , nor the work it does in training " Faith Based Organizations . "
It also does not include the contracts doled out to Erik Prince ’s private CIA called Total Intelligence Solutions , which works for foreign governments and Fortune 500 corporations .
Then there is this fact : Blackwater was paid over $ 73 million for its federally - funded , no bid-security contracts with the Department of Homeland Security in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina , billing taxpayers $ 950 per man per day , a spending decision the Bush administration called " the best value to the government . "
ACORN , meanwhile , only helped poor people who were suffering as a result of the government ’s total and complete failure to respond to Katrina .
Meanwhile , a recent federal audit of Blackwater , compiled by the State Department and the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction , suggests the company may have to repay some $ 55 million to the government for allegedly failing to meet the terms of just one federal contract in Iraq , which , it is important to note , is $ 2 million more than the total money allotted by the federal government to ACORN over the past 15 years .
( The company also cannot account for one federally funded " deep fat fryer " in Iraq , according to the audit ) .
Overall , Blackwater has raked in well over $ 1 billion since 2003 in security contracts alone — all of which were kicked off by a fat no -bid contract to guard L. Paul Bremer .
Let ’s also remember that Blackwater was estimated in Congressional hearings in 2007 to earn some 90 % of its revenue from the federal government and Prince refused to disclose his salary , but said it was over $ 1 million .
Blackwater has been or is being investigated by the US Congress , the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms , the Justice Department and the IRS , among other agencies , for a range of issues from arms smuggling to manslaughter to tax evasion .
One of its operatives pleaded guilty to killing an innocent , unarmed Iraqi civilian , while five others have been indicted on manslaughter and other charges over the 2007 Nisour Square massacre during which 17 Iraqi civilians were gunned down .
The company is also facing a slew of civil lawsuits alleging war crimes and extrajudicial killings in Iraq .
Here is a question for those Democratic lawmakers that voted in support of the Defund ACORN Act :
How do you justify making this a major league legislative priority while Blackwater continues to be armed and dangerous across the globe on the US government payroll ?
Where is the Defund Blackwater Act ?
Critics : TARP Has Failed to Halt Foreclosures or Job Losses
Watchdog Warns Taxpayer Wo n't Make Back $ 700B TARP Investment
Nearly one year after Congress approved the $ 700 billion financial bailout , it was attacked by Republicans and fiscal watchdogs as an expensive failure that has not stopped home foreclosures or jobs from disappearing .
" This has been a failed program , " Sen .
Mike Johanns , R - Neb. , said at today 's Senate Banking committee hearing .
" The very promises made to the taxpayer of what was going to happen with this money , in my judgment , have not been kept . "
Johanns cited what he called " very damning " testimony by the bailout 's Special Inspector General Neil Barofsky that said it is " extremely unlikely " that American taxpayers will get a full return on their $ 700 billion investment .
Moreover , Barofsky observed , the Troubled Asset Relief Program has failed to increase bank lending , stop rising unemployment , or stem the rash of home foreclosures .
" In the last year , " said the Congressional Oversight Panel 's Elizabeth Warren , " the apprehension that pervaded this country has turned into something else : frustration and anger .
Today 's fragile stability has come at an enormous cost to the American people . "
Barofsky noted that " a lot of this frustration and cynicism and anger comes out of the lack of transparency in the TARP program . "
This , he said , was his group 's " biggest frustration " with the Treasury Department and " one of the great failures of the past year . "
Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle today felt that frustration first - hand .
Sen. Bob Corker , R - Tenn. , denounced as useless and unclear the testimony from Treasury official Herb Allison , who oversees the bailout program .
" This hearing has not been very useful , " Corker told Allison about 45 minutes into the witness ' testimony .
" Maybe that 's just the way it is , but I look forward to the next panel . "
The panel 's chairman , Sen. Chris Dodd , D - Conn. , then noted sarcastically , " But the questions are valuable . "
" I associate myself with Sen . Corker 's thoughts , " said Sen. Judd Gregg , R - N.H .
Allison attempted to beat back the criticisms by arguing that the program had helped avert the collapse of the financial system last fall .
It should not , he said , be viewed only through the prism of what financial returns are eventually seen by American taxpayers .
" It 's too early to say how this is going to turn out , " he said .
" Some areas will probably see better performance than others , but we also have to look at the overall impact of the financial stability program on the American economy , on the banking system , and on the American public in general .
I would shudder to think what the situation would be if the Congress and the administrations had n't taken strong actions to deal with this crisis by , for example , creating the TARP program . "
Dodd echoed that assessment , stating that Congress made the right move in enacting the program last October .
" I think we did the right thing and I think history will prove that to be the case , " he said .
Watchdog Gene Dodaro of the Government Accountability Office offered a more mixed review .
" It 's had some positive impact on the credit markets , but a lot of the programs have very uncertain outcomes at this particular point in time , " he said .
Even the recent improvements of the banks – for many an acknowledged success of the program – were questioned today .
Warren said the bailout 's original purpose – to buy up the toxic assets weighing down banks ' balance sheets – was never fulfilled .
" The toxic assets remain on the books of the banks , " she said .
" The commercial real estate mortgages are a coming crisis .
Small banks are continuing to fail .
We were talking a year ago about too big to fail .
We are now facing an industry that 's more concentrated than it was a year ago and too big to fail is up on us now in a much larger sense . "
" Until we get down to dirt , to something that 's solid , that we can put our feet on , our financial institutions are standing in a secure place , we can't rebuild and know that we are safely past this crisis , " Warren said .
" The question about how we 're going to get these toxic assets out of here at a time when the real estate mortgage market is still in trouble and the commercial real estate mortgage market may be getting into more and more trouble – I 'm not hearing the plan , " she said .
Another contentious issue today was whether or not Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner will extend the program until October 2010 .
At one point , Allison appeared to indicate that the bailout program would likely be extended .
" We still have a long way to go before true economic recovery takes hold , " he warned , before later emphasizing on numerous occasions that Geithner has not yet made a decision .
A new poll from Pew indicates that few NATO nations are eager to embrace sending more troops into Afghanistan :
While the 2009 Pew Global Attitudes survey of 25 nations found broad global support for President Barack Obama and his policy goals , the one notable exception was his decision to send additional troops to Afghanistan .
( The possible troop increase proposed by McChrystal would be in addition to the earlier increase advocated by Obama and asked about in the survey . )
Significant opposition to troop increases was found in all NATO countries polled ; at least half of those surveyed in Germany ( 63 % ) , France ( 62 % ) , Poland ( 57 % ) , Canada ( 55 % ) , Britain ( 51 % ) and Spain ( 50 % ) disapproved of sending more troops to Afghanistan .
In Turkey , an overwhelmingly Muslim nation and longtime NATO ally of the U.S. , only 16 % approve of a troop increase , while 49 % disapprove .
The interesting point , as Pew eludes to , is that President Obama is unable to translate a broad and generic popularity into concrete assistance from Western allies when the chips are down .
( AP Photos )
( Winner of ' Best Higher Education Title ' at the British Book Awards 2006 ) by Jonathan Baldwin and Lucienne Roberts Buy from Amazon.com
More Than A Name : An introduction to branding by Melissa Davis and Jonathan Baldwin Buy from Amazon.com Buy from Amazon.co.uk
The airport said the technology would improve security
People who have " e- passports " can now get through the arrivals gates at Bristol International Airport without being seen by a border force officer .
The new passports have an electronic chip which is scanned by a machine to confirm a passenger 's identification .
The facial recognition system is voluntary and can be used by any UK or European passenger over the age of 18 .
No registration is required .
The airport said the aim of the scheme was to improve security and efficiency .
The service is a partnership between the UK Border Agency and the airport .
The same technology is also being used at Manchester and Stansted airports .
It is part of a £ 1.2 bn e-borders system which the agency has introduced to target terrorist suspects , known criminals and illegal immigrants .
Over three million passengers have used Bristol International Airport in 2009 .
The Field Poll came out with their August 2009 California Opinion Index ( PDF ) , which indicates that California Democrats and Non-Partisans have become more progressive on hot topics in the past thirty years , whereas
One of the first ideas about Indian citizenship was that Indian nations might be admitted to the United States as states with their own representatives and senators .
This first emerges in 1778 in the first treaty between the United States and an Indian tribe – the Lenni Lenape .
This treaty contains a clause indicating that the tribe might form their own state and have representatives in Congress .
Chief White Eyes insisted upon this clause .
Later , promises of an Indian state were made to the tribes who were removed from their homelands and sent to Indian territory ( part of which later became the state of Oklahoma ) .
However , by the time that Oklahoma became a state these promises were long forgotten .
Not only did Oklahoma statehood mean that all tribal governments within the state were to be dissolved , it also meant that the Indian name Sequoya which had been proposed for the new state was rejected by the federal government .
Sequoya was the Cherokee who invented Cherokee writing .
This name had been suggested for the new state by both Indians and non-Indians and was favored by most of the residents of the territory .
In 1856 the Attorney General of the United States noted that while Indians were subjects of the United States they could not become naturalized citizens because this was an option available only to foreigners .
In other words , Indians were in a kind of limbo with regard to citizenship : they were not citizens nor could they become citizens .
While Indians as a group were denied citizenship , there were instances in which individual Indians were granted citizenship under special circumstances .
In North Carolina , Cherokee warrior Junaluska was given citizenship in 1847 and a track of land .
The state recognized him as a " distinguished son " who had fought with Andrew Jackson .
Following the Civil War , the United States altered its Constitution with the Fourteenth Amendment .
Adopted in 1868 , this Amendment states that " all persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of the state wherein they reside . "
Reading these words today it would seem that this Amendment would grant citizenship to Indians .
However , the Amendment was intended to give citizenship to male African - American former slaves and not to Indians .
Subsequent court cases and legal rulings made it clear that the Fourteenth Amendment was not intended to grant citizenship to Indians .
For example , in 1871 in McKay v. Campbell , the federal district court in Oregon ruled that the Fourteenth Amendment had not made Indians citizens .
Another ruling in 1873 in the Washington Territorial Court found that Indians could not become citizens by simply severing tribal connections .
According to the court , citizenship for Indians required a naturalization act by Congress .
For Americans during the nineteenth century , the idea of United States citizenship for Indians was very closely associated with private land ownership ( and the myth of the family farm ) .
The idea of communal land ownership – the kind of land ownership which Indian nations had been exercising for centuries – was deemed repugnant and a barrier to civilization .
The United States took a giant step toward " civilizing " Indians and paving the way for them to become U.S. citizens with the passage of the General Allotment Act ( more commonly called the Dawes Act ) in 1887 .
In order to assimilate Indians into American society , the act broke up the communally held Indian lands and gave each family its own allotment of land .
Ignoring the fact that most people in the United States at this time could not make a living on family farms , the philosophy of the Dawes Act was to make Indians into farmers on their own land and in this way to pave the way for them to become citizens .
The Dawes Act was seen as a " pulverizing machine " to break up the tribes and to turn Indians into American citizens .
Once Indians were placed on their allotments , the " surplus " Indian lands were opened for settlement by non-Indians .
Under this act , Indian lands were reduced from 138 million acres to 48 million acres by 1934 .
Indians were to live and farm their allotments for twenty years .
During this time their land was to be held in trust for them – in other words , it could not be sold .
After twenty years , the Indians could be declared " competent " and allowed to sell their land .
Assuming that these " competent " Indians had severed their tribal relationships , they could then become citizens .
From the perspective of the Bureau of Indian Affairs ( BIA ) , this meant that the BIA maintained their control over Indians during this twenty year time period .
However , in 1905 the Supreme Court complicated the matter .
In Matter of Heff the Supreme Court held that Indians became American citizens as soon as they accepted their land allotment .
The decision infuriated Congress and the Bureau of Indian Affairs who had insisted that Indians who accepted allotments could not become citizens until the end of their trust period of twenty years .
In 1890 Congress passed the Indian Territory Naturalization
Act which allowed any member of an Indian tribe in Indian Territory ( now Oklahoma ) to become a United States citizen by applying for such status in federal courts .
The act allowed these Indians to maintain dual citizenship by maintaining tribal citizenship .
During World War I Indians were not subject to the draft because they were not citizens .
However , they volunteered in large numbers to serve in the American Armed Forces .
In recognition of the service of American Indians during this war , Congress passed an act in 1919 which provided citizenship for all Indians who served in the military or in naval establishments during World War I .
Congress passed the Indian Citizenship Act in 1924 which granted citizenship to all Indians .
This citizenship decree was the logical political manifestation of the assimilation program and brought with it the expectation that Indians would be brought in line with other Americans in the areas of civil and criminal law .
The Indian Citizenship
Act supposedly gave Indians the privilege of voting , the obligation to perform compulsory military duty when called , and to pay taxes on off - reservation revenues .
It is estimated that two - thirds of the Indians had acquired citizenship before the passage of the Indian Citizenship Act .
Some Indian nations , such as the Iroquois did not recognize the Citizenship
Act because they did not feel that one sovereign nation had the right to impose citizenship on the citizens of another sovereign nation .
Citizenship for Indians in the United States has involved , at least in part , the conflict over states rights .
The states have often argued that Indians were citizens and therefore subject to state law .
At the same time , the states have often argued that Indians were " wards " of the government and therefore a class of citizens who were not allowed to vote or to give testimony in legal proceedings .
American Indians were officially given citizenship again in 1940 when Congress passed the Nationality Act .
In addition to conferring citizenship on Indians , it required that Indian men register for the draft .
In spite of the reconfirmation of citizenship , some states , such as New Mexico and Arizona , refused to allow Indians to vote .
Passage of this act was opposed by the Indian Defense League of America .
Tuscarora leader Clinton Rickard urged those who wished to volunteer for the armed services do so as alien non-residents .
Following World War II , debates in Congress over Indian matters showed that many still felt that Indians were not citizens .
Similarly , many state legislators seem to be unaware that Indians are citizens .
Today , Indians are citizens of the United States .
Many are also citizens of a federally recognized Indian nation , a nation recognized by the Supreme Court as a domestic , dependent nation .
Couples are being asked to replace their usual form of birth control with a new male contraceptive in a study to test its effectiveness .
Researchers at The University of Manchester , working in collaboration with nine other centres across the world , will ask men in stable relationships to take part in the trial of the hormonal contraceptive .
The research , which follows a similar trial in China published earlier this month involving testosterone injections , will involve male volunteers aged 18 to 45 being given injections of testosterone along with a second hormone that has been shown to reversibly suppress sperm production .
The combination of two hormones means the trial will require half the frequency of injections as the Chinese study .
The two hormones - Norethisterone enantate and Testosterone undecanoate - have already undergone trials to test their safety and were shown to have only mild side - effects in a small number of individuals .
The trial will initially involve up to four courses of injections over six months , during which time the men's sperm count will be measured to ensure it is below fertility levels .
The couples - 60 in Manchester and a further 340 internationally - will then be asked to rely solely on the hormonal method for 12 months while the male partner continues to receive the injections every eight weeks .
At the end of the trial period , the men's sperm count will continue to be monitored to assess how quickly fertility levels return to normal .
Lead researcher Frederick Wu , Professor of Medicine and Endocrinology , said : " There is currently a great imbalance of contraceptive methods between men and women with almost 20 different female methods compared to only condoms and vasectomy for men .
" The World Health Organisation wants to provide more male contraceptive choices - especially reversible methods - to allow couples to better plan their families .
" We know from previous studies that any side - effects are minor , while the risk of pregnancy with this hormonal treatment is similar to that of the female pill and far less than the risks posed by using barrier methods alone .
" Couples taking part in the trial are likely to be married or in long - term relationships and may be looking for alternatives to their existing methods of contraception . ''
Posted by John , October 16th , 2009 - under Refugees , Sri Lanka .
Tags : Australian Council of Trade Unions , Australian Labor Party , Australian politics
Nowhere is the policy continuity from John Howard to Kevin Rudd clearer than in the Labor Government ’s treatment of refugees .
The Indonesian solution – getting Indonesia to stop refugees from arriving in Australia – is in fact worse ( if one can have degrees of inhumanity ) than the Pacific solution .
And so now 260 Sri Lankan refugees sit in a boat in Indonesian waters , beginning a hunger strike .
Why ?
Because Kevin Rudd rang the Indonesian President and asked him to stop the boat reaching Australia .
Mission accomplished .
No room at the inn , hey Christian Kev ?
If the boat had made it to Australia the people on board would have been processed as refugees and released into the community in a few months .
Because Indonesia is not a signatory to the United Nations Declaration on refugees , it means the Sri Lankans must wait to be processed in Indonesia for resettlement .
This could take ten years .
These boat people have fled a brutal civil war in Sri Lanka .
The Sinhalese Government there defeated the Tamil Tigers in January .
It has conducted a campaign of genocide against the Tamils – including the forced settlement of 300,000 Tamils in concentration camps , rape , torture and murder .
Nobel peace prize winner Barack Obama is complicit in this genocide .
The West armed and encouraged the Sinhalese Government to destroy the Tigers and any idea of Tamil self - rule or independence .
Thus the West does nothing about the Sri Lankan Government ’s concentration camps .
So people flee the country .
Some have made it to Indonesia where they pay others to get them onto boats to Australia .
The Labor Government perceives this as a political problem .
So it responds by being tough on those fleeing genocide .
In this case it has used Indonesia as its puppet to stop refugees making it to Australia .
In other cases it has deported legitimate asylum seekers back to Sri Lanka where , according to the Asylum Seeker Resource Centre , they have been mistreated on return .
Why is Labor ‘ tough ’ on refugees ?
As I have argued in these pages many times , Australian capitalism was founded on racism .
Racism is institutionalised into the very fabric of our society .
Many Aborigines for example live lives of complete poverty .
Their conditions rival their brothers and sisters in third world countries .
Muslim immigrants are lower paid and have higher unemployment than any other group in our society ( apart from Aborigines . )
If the choice is between employing Harry or Hussein , Harry wins the job almost every time .
Hard heads in the Labor Party ( the type of geniuses who successfully engineered Family First ’s Steve Fielding into the Senate ) think they will lose votes if they support people fleeing persecution .
Sometimes politicians lead , rather than follow .
Rudd could begin a conversation now with the Australian people , explaining why accepting refugees is a decent and humane approach , and that we as a nation should welcome our brothers and sisters to Australia , not demonise them .
This could then prepare the way for us to accept the future environmental refugees who will inevitably come here .
Rudd wo n’t do any of this , partly because Labor has traditionally been the party of racism .
Fear of the other pervades Australian history .
Whether it be Aborigines , the Irish , the Chinese , the Russians , the yellow peril or even conspiracy theories about Jews , there is a consistent appeal to that fear by politicians across the mainstream spectrum and on the far right .
Bashing refugees finds a level of support in Australia because of our history but also because capitalism is a deeply alienating system , divorcing us from the products of our labour .
The determination to keep ‘ our ’ land , land in fact stolen from aborigines , free from the other , gives a false sense of superiority which in many seemingly addresses that alienation .
It is carrion comfort .
There is something else in this too .
The degeneration of the ALP as any sort of leftist or even progressive party continues apace .
It is moving from a Labor Party with some connection to the working class , to one completely divorced from the class that created it .
Any sense of solidarity with fellow workers fleeing persecution is gone , replaced by the idea of refugees as the enemy .
While Labor has always managed capitalism , it is now a manager with openly anti-working class politics ( plus a plethora of disguised pro-capitalist policies like Fair Work Australia – Workchoices under another name . )
For Labor , attacking refugees is but one weapon in its armoury of planned assaults on the working class .
Indeed anti-refugee racism ( like all racism ) ties us to our bosses and their system and weakens our ability to fight the bourgeoisie when it does decide to really attack wages , jobs and conditions .
But bashing foreigners does n’t improve living standards ; it worsens them .
While we are fighting to keep ‘ them ’ from the beaches the bosses and their Government are quietly picking our pockets .
The failure of the trade union movement , to challenge this rightward move started with the Accord and the embrace by the left of class collaboration as the guiding principle .
This move politically gave the reactionaries a space for their neoliberal ideas and actions .
Worshipping at the altar of profit has severely weakened the trade union movement and struggle against the bosses .
This in turn has isolated and emasculated progressive social movements and ideas .
Imagine a trade union movement built on the struggles of the workers of the 190 nationalities we have in our country actually condemning Rudd Labor for its attacks on the refugees .
Imagine a trade union movement that takes industrial action in support of refugees .
Imagine an ACTU executive that begins a solidarity hunger strike with our Sri Lankan brothers and sisters and spreads the camapign across the country ?
Far fetched today ?
Well , yes .
But in the past some in the trade union movement have been militant supporters of refugees .
An injury to one is an injury to all .
The attack on refugees strengthens the forces of reaction for their assaults on the working class and weakens us .
It dehumanises us , and prepares us to accept more atrocities , like the ongoing and worsening Northern Territory invasion and attacks on our wages and conditions .
The fight for a better world must be a fight against Labor .
That battle starts with the fight for refugees .
Join us .
Readers might also like to look at Rudd ’s refugee racism and Refugees : Rudd continues Howard ’s brutality
Craig Cohen , the gay Florida man attacked by four men in April after leaving a diner in Oakland Park outside Ft. Lauderdale , died Wednesday .
He was 47 .
Cohen never regained consciousness after his assailants stamped his head , left him bleeding , and in a coma .
Just five minutes after Cohen ’s attack , another gay man reported being robbed by a group of men , leading police to initially qualify each as a hate crime .
Two suspects , Victor Gonzalez , 21 , and Pargu Leandro , 25 , were arrested .
“ Investigators determined Cohen and Villanova were targeted not because they were gay , but because they were alone and vulnerable . ”
He ’ll be remembered : “ Next Thursday , October 15th , friends of Cohen along with members of the Craig Cohen Animal Advocacy Project ( CCAAP ) and Gay American Heroes will hold a candle light vigil and walk in Wilton Manors beginning at 6:30 p.m .
Anyone wishing to participate is asked to meet in the parking lot of Georgie ’s Alibi 2266 Wilton Drive . ”
– Laurence Copeland is a professor of finance at Cardiff University Business School and a co-author of “ Verdict on the Crash ” published by the Institute of Economic Affairs .
The opinions expressed are his own . –
There is so much talk of a new regulatory framework for the financial sector , anyone would think it was an important issue .
Unfortunately , it is almost irrelevant , for the simple reason that , however sophisticated the new regime , experience shows it will be bypassed and / or captured by banks of one kind or another , possibly by novel types of institution invented specially for the purpose .
This is true even in the unlikely event that the whole world – with the possible exception of North Korea – embraces the new regulations and enforces them with vigour .
The only type of intervention which has a hope in hell of success is one based on size .
As Mervyn King has said , when a bank is TBTF ( Too Big To Fail ) , it is just too big .
What is needed is breakup along functional ( and , where necessary , geographic ) lines , separating the boring but essential utility business of deposit - taking and payment - transfer from the exciting risk - taking of investment banking .
A once - and - for - all breakup would have to be followed by continual monitoring , to ensure that takeovers and mergers did not breach the size limit and take us back to the TBTF dilemma .
The aim should be straightforward .
If banks were cut down to manageable size , the taxpayer ’s liability could be limited to deposit insurance alone .
Banks could be allowed to fail in the same way as firms in other industries and would no longer be able to hold Governments or central banks to ransom , as they have repeatedly done in the last twenty or thirty years .
Moreover , break - ups would bring other benefits .
Without an implicit taxpayer guarantee , there would be more incentive for institutional shareholders to insist on responsible management behaviour and to impose remuneration packages consistent with it .
This mechanism of shareholder vigilance , which failed totally in the run-up to the current crisis , in my view offers the best hope for the long term .
By their shameful passivity , institutional shareholders must carry a major share of the responsibility for the existing mess , and everything should be done to shame them into activism in future .
Will breaking up the banks eliminate systemic risk altogether ?
Of course not .
But it will mean that the world economy will no longer be hostage to the irresponsible behaviour of a handful of bankers consciously pushing the banking system to the limit , or , as has recently been confirmed in accounts of the demise of Lehman Brothers , indulging in brinkmanship with the authorities .
The difficulty is how to get from here to there .
As I said in an earlier blog , we need governments too big to be captured , and it is now plain that they exist neither in Washington nor in London .
Predictably , the UK Government has shown no stomach whatever for the fight , even though it effectively owns two of the country ‘s largest banks .
It is a catastrophic error – one is reminded of the first Gulf War , when , with Saddam Hussein at their mercy , the Allies fell back on technicalities to justify leaving him in power .
It would be ridiculous to compare the evil of tyranny with the excesses of bankers , but in pure monetary terms the current crisis has already cost several times as much as the two Gulf Wars added together .
Yet not only are Western Governments running away from confronting the banks , they appear determined to take on almost anyone else involved in finance .
In particular , the EU ’s hostility to so - called Alternative Investments ( hedge funds and private equity ) is , if anything , likely to make institutional investors as a whole even more reluctant to intervene than they were before .
As ever , it seems there is no situation so bad that our endlessly creative politicians cannot make it worse .
The row may not be over yet , however , as Clichy 's mayor has promised to appeal the decision and has called for a demonstration on Thursday .
Zombie Mathematics
While a zombie attack is one of the least likely ways the world could end , four Canadian mathematicians / graduate students did a mathematical analysis of a hypothetical zombie outbreak to determine the likelihood of human eradication , should such an attack ever occur .
According to their model , “ a zombie outbreak is likely to lead to the collapse of civilization , unless it is dealt with quickly .
While aggressive quarantine may contain the epidemic , or a cure may lead to coexistence of humans and zombies , the most effective way to contain the rise of the undead is to hit hard and hit often . ” ( HT : Marginal Revolution ) [ % comments ]
Quick Vote
Are you open to the idea of buying a GM vehicle in the future ?
Yes , if the quality improves
Yes , it 's an American company
No , I 'm happy with what I drive
No , they 've lost me forever or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Wal - Mart Stores Inc. said Thursday that it expects to hire more than 22,000 people to staff its new or expanded domestic stores this year .
" During this difficult economic time , we 're proud to be able to create quality jobs for thousands of Americans this year , " Eduardo Castro - Wright , vice chairman of Wal - Mart U.S. , said in a statement .
Wal - Mart ( WMT , Fortune 500 ) , the world 's largest retailer , had previously announced it would open 142 to 157 stores new or expanded stores in 2009 , which is fewer than the total number of its new or expanded stores in 2008 .
The company did not specify how many stores it opened last year .
Wal - Mart added 33,000 jobs in the United States last year , according to the annual report released in April .
The company said it will add 1,000 or more workers in each of 8 states : Arizona , California , Florida , Michigan , New Jersey , South Carolina , Utah and Virginia .
The retailer said the new hires will fill positions across its business units , including cashiers and sales associates , as well as pharmacists , human resource managers and customer service associates .
The discounter said benefits , including health plans that offer customized health coverage options , will be offered to its full and part - time workers .
Wal - Mart is the largest private - sector employer in the United States with a workforce of 1.45 million .
Its total worldwide workforce is more than 2 million .
The announcement comes on the eve of the government 's May report on national employment , which is expected to remain bleak .
Economists surveyed by Briefing.com forecast that the unemployment rate will rise to a 25 - year high of 9.2 % , with 520,000 jobs lost last month .
In an age of biotechnological juicing , not even the easygoing pastime of fishing is free from controversies over artificial enhancement .
On September 5 , Saskatchewan fisherman Sean Konrad caught a 48 - pound , world - record rainbow trout .
The fish came from Lake Diefenbaker , where trout genetically engineered to grow extra-big escaped from a fish farm nine years ago .
The previous world record was held by Sean 's twin brother Adam , who pulled a 43 - pound , 10 - ounce rainbow trout from Lake Diefenbaker in 2007 .
That catch sparked online debate over the legitimacy of Lake Diefenbaker 's farm - born , genetically - engineered rainbows .
Technically known as triploids , they 're designed with three sets of chromosomes , making them sterile and channeling energies normally spent reproducing towards growth .
In 2007 , on a message board of the International Game Fish Association , the angling world 's record - and ethics - keeping body , some fishermen argued that triploids were unnatural , as divorced from the sport 's history as Barry Bonds ' home runs were from Hank Aaron's .
The IGFA refused to make a distinction between natural and GM fish .
Neither would they distinguish between species caught in their traditional waters and those introduced into new , growth - friendly environments , such as largemouth bass whose extra-large ancestors were imported from Florida to California in the 1960s .
But to purists , there was a difference between transplantation and outright manufacture .
The Konrad brothers ' response on the message board was curt : " Stop crying and start fishing . "
Now they 've caught another record - breaking trout .
Or have they ?
See Also :
Image : FishingGeeks
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes , Wired Science on Twitter .
. NET Version Penetration
I 've run a quick analysis of the Question Writer website logs to try to determine the prevelance and progress of the different .NET runtimes .
I 've also added some figures published on the Business of Software forum in March 08 by SteG for comparison .
Click here to view the Flash chart
I thought I 'd publish this data as there do n't seem to be any official numbers available , and there 's a real dearth of information on it .
( Compare this to the stats for the Flash player made available by Adobe )
Observations :
Version 3.5 has been making great strides recently .
Right now .NET 3.5 covers 52 % , .NET 3.0 covers 59 % , .NET 2.0 covers 70 % , .NET 1.1/1.0 covers 78 %
Possible sources of error :
I 'm using the same methodology as describe by SteG in the Bos post mentioned above .
Only Internet Explorer reliably provides .NET version information -
IE users use MS software and so may be more likely to have .NET installed .
IE users may be generally less inclined to install new software , and may be less likely to have .NET installed .
I 'm identifying IE users by looking for the string ' MSIE ' in the logs - this may be catching other clients which do n't report their .NET versions .
This may cause the ' Dot Nothing ' figure to be artificially high .
Question Writer uses the .NET runtime .
Visitors to the website may be more likely to have .NET installed .
Particulary version 1.1
October data only covers first 12 days of October - it might be a little less reliable than the previous months .
There were some users of .
NET 4.0 but there were so few , I 've bundled them in with version 3.5
Note : I 'll update the data if I get any good recomendations for improvement in methodology .
Other Sources
The results differ quite a lot from the April 09 data published here .
I do n't have an explanation for the discrepancies .
Chart Data in XML
Java log analysis code
Posted by Alexander at October 13 , 2009 09:38 PM
Make Flash tests and assessments with the Question Writer , Quiz Software .
Question Writer 4 is now available .
Click here to download .
Trackback Pings
TrackBack URL for this entry :
http://www.centralquestion.com/elearning/mt-realtb.cgi/124
What about .NET 3.5 SP1 ?
I ask because , dispite the name , this was a major release with a lot of new functionality .
Posted by : Jonathan Allen at October 14 , 2009 12:07 AM
Hi Jonathan , I did a quick analysis of the October figures - where 3.5 is installed , overwhelmingly , the user has 3.5SP1 - that 52 % figure breaks down as 49.9 % 3.5SP1 ( or beta )
2.2 % 3.5 ( or beta )
Posted by : Alex at October 14 , 2009 03:45 PM
I have a customer asking me for writing a .NET 2.0 application with Windows 98 compatibility .
Have you considered this scenario ? :)
I even do n't know how can I test this properly ...
I am able to run Windows 98 in a virtual machine ( VirtualBox ) only and the .NET application starts - up in a few minutes ( ?!)
I think I need good Win98 hardware :)
Posted by : Eugen at October 29 , 2009 08:55 PM
The Federal Opposition is refusing to support legislation that could protect two young Kenyan women who fear they will be mutilated if they are deported from Australia .
The women came to Australia on tourist visas for last year 's World Youth Day and have asked to stay , saying they will be persecuted if they are sent home .
For eight years , the Refugee Council of Australia ( RCA ) has been fighting for the Government to enshrine in law protection rights for women who faced genital mutilation in their own country .
Immigration Minister Chris Evans says he is still waiting to receive the women 's appeal , but has put legislation before the Parliament that would prevent the women being deported .
The laws known as " complementary protection " have been introduced but not yet debated in Parliament .
If the laws were passed , advocates for the women believe they could provide crucial protection for 21 - year - old Teresia Muturi .
But the Opposition is poised to reject it , saying it could pave the way for an influx of false asylum claims .
Facing mutilation
Kenyan woman
Ms Muturi told the ABC Radio's AM program she would be circumcised against her will if she was sent home to Kenya .
Ms Muturi claims her mother is part of an outlawed sect in Kenya which practices genital mutilation .
She says she has been sold to an older man for some cash , cows and goats and will be forced to undergo the circumcision ritual to become a full woman .
Her application to stay has been rejected by the Refugee Review Tribunal .
Independent Senator Nick Xenophon is alarmed by the situation .
" How could you not be concerned about a case like this ? " he asked .
" I think it 's important that the Minister [ Senator Evans ] exercises his discretion to offer these two young women protection .
" I think it 's interesting that the proposed laws that the Federal Government has put up in the Parliament - in terms of complementary protection which would give protection to these women - have n't yet been passed .
But it seems that they would probably fulfil that criteria under the new law .
" So I think there is a strong case for the minister to exercise his discretion , given that the Federal Parliament is currently considering legislation that would give protection for cases such as this . "
Opening the floodgates ?
Opposition immigration spokeswoman Sharman Stone does not support the bill .
She believes it could open the door to a number of false asylum claims .
" It could be an honour killing , it could be a genital mutilation like this , it could be a whole range of other quite complex and one - off situations where the person does n't meet the refugee convention criteria .
That 's what this is all about , " she said .
" If you come into Australia right now and seek protection or asylum , the first port of call is to check if the person meets the refugee convention criteria .
" If they do n't , but there 's still clearly a serious problem for this person returning home in terms of their safety , then the minister can exercise his or her discretion , and that 's been going on for literally decades in the Federal Government . "
' Narrow ' refugee laws
However Paul Power from the Refugee Council of Australia says the issue of genital mutilation is not addressed clearly enough in Australia 's refugee laws .
" Because the refugee definitions are narrow and also sometimes fairly narrowly applied , there are situations - not large numbers but each one significant in themselves - of people facing the prospect of torture or some form of persecution on return to their homeland , " he said .
" What 's tended to happen in Australia has been that most people in these situations have been given protection but the Department of Immigration decision - makers , the members of the refugee review tribunal actually do n't have the capacity or are n't given the legal authority to decide that someone needs protection on grounds outside the refugee convention . "
Regardless of the fate of the complementary legislation , the Minister for Immigration currently has the final say about Ms Muturi 's request for asylum .
Ms Muturi cannot be deported until he makes his final decision .
A spokesman from Senator Evans ' office says they cannot say how long that will take .
I came across a quote the other day that I think bears repeating … and then hanging on the wall :
“ It is essential to the livelihood of craft beer that more and more people get turned on to it , and this can only happen with a more welcoming , inclusive attitude from those who claim to be most enthusiastic about the stuff . ”
( - mentioned here , by Tammy Tuck and Bruce Falconer , who write the Lagerheads column for Washington City Paper )
Not that this is a novel idea or anything … collaboration is fundamental the craft beer world .
Craft breweries have been teaming up for decades –to foster creativity , to help each other out , and to help get more people interested in the craft .
Just think of any beer festival , beer and food pairing dinner , or the increasingly common collaborative brewing effort ( take this beer , or this one , for example ) .
It ’s pretty obvious that brewers need little reminder that comaraderie is an essential element of the craft .
But what about beer enthusiasts ?
Can we humble beer drinkers help ensure the livelihood of the craft beer world ?
Sure , we can gladly spend our hard - earned dough on a pint , but can we really help foster the craft in the long run ?
We at Drink the Craft think the answer is yes , and we think we ’ve decided how : keep up the conversation .
We ’ve all had the conversation .
That gushing enthusiasm over a pint– “ wow , this is so…grapefruity ! ” –or that excitement about a new release : “ I just picked up a bottle of 13th anniversary ! ”
But how often do we have that conversation with someone other than our regular drinking buddies ?
Think about the last time you were excited about a beer–were you sitting around a familiar table ?
looking at familiar faces ?
Um , we were .
Enthusiasm among friends is great , but one of the primary goals of Drink the Craft is to take that conversation and run with it –move it forward , dig it deeper , and have it with more and more people .
So , from time to time , you ’ll see us chatting it up with other enthusiasts in the beer scene–and sharing the conversation with you .
Last week we caught up with Jeff Gordon , who runs the San Diego - based website Taphunter.com with his wife Melani .
Talk about beer enthusiasts who are willing to share–Taphunter is an amazing resource for any craft beer fan .
The premise is simple –the website is a constantly updating source of which beers are where at any given moment .
You want to see if Sculpin is still around ?
Boom–it ’s at Hamiltons .
Have been meaning to try Green Flash ’s Fizzy Yellow Beer ?
Looks like you can head to Toronado .
You can search by bar , brewery , or beer ; can pull up the website on your phone ; and can even sign up for an rss feed of beer - related events .
It is eminently useful , increasingly addicting , and a boon to any craft beer enthusiast living in or visiting San Diego .
So we were curious .
Who are the craft beer lovers behind this website and why are they working so hard to help us drink good beer ?
We could n’t help but ask a few questions .
Here ’s what we found out :
Drink the Craft ( DtC ) : Can you tell me a bit about how the listings work ?
How are they updated ?
TapHunter ( TH ) :
It really works a number of different ways : a location will keep their list updated on their website ; or we ’ll work with a location to give them access to edit their tap list directly in our system , we ’ve built a pretty cool management console for locations ; or we work with the website users to keep the list updated .
DtC : It looks like you have over 900 beers in your database .
How did you compile them initially ?
How often do you add to the list and how do you decide what gets included ?
TH : The beers are added as we track them .
Our database is only built out by the beers that locations have had on tap , an amazingly diverse selection , huh ?
DtC : What ’s been your favorite part of running the website so far ?
TH : Being able to connect with the people who use the site .
The people are as passionate about great beer as we are and I love that .
DtC : What challenges do you face in trying to maintain up to date listings ?
TH : If there ’s anything we ’ve learned it ’s that having an accurate and updated tap list is great marketing for a location .
Putting a great new beer on tap and pushing that information out there is going to drive business .
The challenge of fresh data really stems from bar owners / managers not realizing this .
We take an educational approach to the problem , most locations are very interested in marketing their businesses any way they can and with a little education about [ our website ] they “ get it . ”
DtC : What can craft beer fans do to help contribute to the site ?
TH : If we do n’t track the taps at your favorite bar , tell them about us !
Did you visit a location because you saw they had a specific beer on tap ?
Tell them about us !
Word of mouth marketing is a powerful thing !
DtC : What are the best ways for beer fans to access taphunter on the go ?
Are any phone apps existing or in the works ?
We have an iphone application that ’s in the Apple approval process ( as of 8/28 ) and should be released soon .
The app is not an exact clone of the website and we built a few extra features into the application that really play well with the mobile nature of it .
We ’re excited for its release !
The site is also compatible with mobile phone browsers , so if you have a blackberry , android , palm pre , or other smart phone you can access all the site features while on the go .
DtC : What are your future plans for taphunter ?
it looks like you are going to eventually expand into other cities –is there anything else you plan to roll out for San Diego ?
TH : Yes , soon we ’ll be expanding into other markets that have thriving craft beer communities .
We ’re also working hard to build more user interactivity to the site .
DtC : Have you had any beer discoveries since starting the site–new bars or beers or breweries you had n’t know about before ?
Th : For sure !
That ’s one of the best parts of running the site .
There are so many new places that are embracing the craft beer movement it ’s hard to keep up .
The users of the site have been great at letting us know when new places start serving great beer .
DtC : I love the “ Beer for Books ” concept .
What made you decide to include “ giving back ” as part of the TapHunter model ?
TH : Giving back has always been part of our plan .
We both really value and recognize how fortunate we are .
In the fall of 2008 we went on a trip to Costa Rica with Melani ’s parents .
It was our second time to Costa Rica so this time we decided to do something a little outside the tourist realm .
We connected with a couple in South - Eastern Costa Rica who run an organization that provides education , food , and microloans to the indigenous families in their area .
We brought a few large boxes supplies down for them and got to meet a few of the families .
We also got to hike into the jungle to visit their home .
It was an amazing experience and it really motivated to include “ giving back ” in all endeavors .
Beers for Books is a fundraising concept that supports Room to Read .
It ’s a great program because it benefits everyone ; the attendees get to drink great beer , the bar donates $ 1 per beer purchased and gets a tax write - off , and that $ 1 equals a local language book for a child .
Room to Read is an amazing organization and we ’re very happy to be able to contribute .
The next Beers for Books is going to be at Anthology on 9/16 , the event page is here .
We encourage everyone who can to come out and have a beer !
DtC : What are you drinking these days ?
have you found your tastes expanded or changed since running the site ?
TH : Well , we ’re both pretty big hop heads so IPAs and double IPAs are always in the rotation .
Lately I have been following a lot of the local breweries and trying more traditional styles , especially Belgian styles like sours .
Right now ?
I ’ve got a Hopnotic in my hand , SD Brewing Co just put a fresh batch on tap today !
Melani ’s favorite is the Port Hop 15 .
DtC : I know you started TapHunter in San Diego because you live here , but what do you think makes San Diego so unique when it comes to beer ?
what do you like best about the area ?
TH : I do n’t know that San Diego is necessarily unique .
I think what ’s really unique is the passion that the craft beer community has as a whole .
It ’s an amazing and diverse group of people .
I really see San Diego as a concentration of those craft beer brewers and fans , just like many other cities : Portland , San Francisco , Philadelphia , Austin , etc !
Now , I ’m not impartial , so I do think San Diego has some of the best breweries in the US ; and being a hop head there ’s really not a better place than California .
DtC : Is there anything you ’d like to see happen in San Diego when it comes to our beer scene ?
TH : I ’m looking forward to SD Beer Week .
I think marketing San Diego as a beer destination , with the beer week being the opportune time to visit , is a great concept .
I ’ve seen that other cities are already successfully executing on this idea and it ’s exciting .
Some of the events during that week that have already been announced sound amazing .
We all know that this is definitely a buyers ’ market .
There has n’t been a time in recent history when deals and incentives were so prolific .
There are special credits like the Cash for Clunkers program , federal tax deductions , low - interest financing , huge manufacturer incentives , summer specials and dealers eager to push cars out at a loss to clear their lots for 2010 models .
But just because something costs much less than it might have a few years ago does n’t necessarily mean it ’s a good deal .
And some cars that you might think are not such a good ‘ investment ’ might not be as bad as you think .
Forbes and Vincentric recently reported on the 15 most overpriced cars and the best 20 cars for the money and the results are quite intriguing .
Both the BMW M3 and Nissan GT - R made appearances , but what list they appear on may be a suprise .
Using market price figures from Vincentric , Consumer Report ’s Owner Satisfaction survey and JD Power ’s 2008 APEAL data ( Automotive Performance , Execution and Layout ) , Forbes came out with a list of The 15 Most Overpriced Cars .
And drumroll please …
Here they are :
Dodge Ram pickup ( market value is 26 percent lower than MSRP )
Mercury Grand Marquis ( 21.4 percent less )
Jeep Liberty ( 20.9 percent less )
Dodge Nitro ( 20.6 percent less )
Dodge Durango ( 19.5 percent less )
Dodge Caliber ( 18.7 percent less )
Chevrolet Trailblazer ( 16.4 percent less )
GMC Envoy ( 16.1 percent less )
Jeep Wrangler ( 14.9 percent less )
GMC Canyon ( 11.9 percent less )
Ford Ranger 2WD ( 11.5 percent less )
Pontiac G6 Sedan ( 11.3 percent less )
Ford Ranger Supercab ( 11.1 percent less )
Chevrolet Colorado ( 11.1 percent less
Pontiac G6 Coupe ( 10.8 percent less )
Interestingly enough all of the vehicles on this list are American .
And there is a 50/50 split between cars and SUVs .
A 2009 Dodge Ram 1500 pickup has an MSRP of $ 22,420 .
With Forbes calculated 26 % dip in market value , that vehicle loses $ 5,829 off the rip .
Like GI
Joe says “ Knowing is half the battle . ”
Data like this in really invaluable for making purchase decisions and understanding true market values .
Vincentric recently published a study that evaluated the real cost of cars by looking into their depreciation , fuel and insurance costs , financing , maintenance , taxes , state fees , repairs and opportunity costs .
Based on all of their number crunching they came out with a list of The 20 Best Cars for the Money .
Acura TSX ( premium compact sedan ) : MSRP $ 29,160
BMW 5 - Series ( mid - size sedan ) : MSRP $ 45,800
BMW 5 - Series ( premium wagon ) : MSRP $ 55,800
BMW M3 ( premium compact coupe ) : MSRP $ 54,850
BMW X6 ( premium mid-size crossover ) : MSRP $ 55,900
Buick Enclave ( premium large crossover ) : MSRP $ 35,845
Chevrolet Malibu ( hybrid car ) : $ 26,225
Chevrolet Silverado 1500 ( full - size pickup ) : $ 20,350
Chevrolet Tahoe ( Hybrid SUV / Crossover ) : $ 51,405
Honda Accord ( compact coupe ) : MSRP $ 20,905
Honda Civic ( compact sedan ) : MSRP $ 15,305
Infiniti M35 ( premium large sedan ) : MSRP $ 45,800
MINI Cooper ( subcompact ) : MSRP $ 22,600
Nissan GT - R ( sport car ) : $ 80,790
Saab 9 - 3 ( premium convertible ) : $ 42,905
Subaru Outback ( wagon ) : MSRP $ 22,295
Toyota 4 Runner ( mid- size SUV ) : MSRP $ 28,640
Toyota Camry ( entry level mid-size sedan ) : MSRP $ 19,145
Toyota Land Cruiser ( premium large SUV ) : MSRP $ 64,755
Volkswagen Tiguan ( mid - level compact crossover ) : MSRP $ 23,200
Only 4 out of the top 20 vehicles are American , which is not surprising , but indicates that for all the domestic car market spin , the US still has a lot of catch - up to do .
But what makes us very pleased , and the reason this article was actually written , is the fact that the amazing BMW M3 and the oustanding Nissan GT - R both appear on the top 20 list of best cars for the money .
I expected to see the Chevy Corvette or Nissan 370Z here but alas , it is not so .
But two of our favorites made the list …
Source : SixWise | Forbes
I have been playing with both Ocaml and Haskell* lately .
In Ocaml , I have been rewriting a lot of simple Python scripts I use at work to see how they compare .
They tend to be faster and more trustworthy .
Ocaml , though , has pretty bad concurrency support .
They have some thread library that wraps the OS threads , no real good message passing interface .
Even the guys at Jane
St have listed that as a complaint **. So I decided to check out Haskell again .
With Haskell
I have always thought it was a great language , but could never grok it .
That sounds a little weird , but reading Haskell code is simply great .
When you figure out what it does , it tends to be very expressive and flexible .
After looking at what Haskell offers for concurrency , I think that in theory it could give Erlang a serious run for its money .
Here 's why :- Haskell , in general and in my opinion , is a safer language to write code in than Erlang .
One can do a lot of work with Dialyzer to verify their code , but they are still somewhat limited .
Haskells type system is very expressive and powerful .
Haskell also has ADT's , which as far as I know Erlang still does not .
For an idea of why ADT 's are so powerful when it comes to writing safe code , see the Caml Trading video .
And in this case , by ' safe ' I mean writing correct code .-
Haskell produces generally fast code .
GHC does some impressive optimizations , and supercompilation *** is most likely getting going to be part of GHC in the near future .
It should noted that while Haskell can produce fast results , its lazyness can also be unpredictable in the optimizations ( both speed and memory ) that it performs .
This is believed , by many , to be a big drawback to Haskell .
I have n't done enough work in Haskell to really say how bad this is but Real World Haskell does give a complete chapter to diagnosing performance problems and optimizing them . -
Haskell 's threading implementation uses green threads with a many - to - one mapping to OS threads .
This means you can take advantage of multiple cores without modifying your Haskell code .
The Erlang VM does this too , with SMP support .
The greenthread implementation also appears to be blazing fast .
Haskell is number one in the threadring solution on the language shootout .
Erlang is about 4 x slower .
Take from that what you will .-
You can implement Erlang - like best - case programming in Haskell , from what I can tell .
Haskell supports Exceptions , and you can throw exceptions to other threads using asynchronous exceptions .
This gives you a way to ' link ' threads like you can link Erlang processes .
It is still programmer driven , so you can make a mistake , point for Erlang . - STM , while I have n't read up on this , it seems like a pretty great way to handle synchronization between threads . -
Monads .
When reading up on concurrency in Haskell , monads seemed to often come up as valuable in ensuring correctness .
For example , in an STM transaction , one wants to restrict the transaction from doing things that cannot be rolled back , such as IO .
This is done by the ' atomically ' function taking an STM monad as input and wrapping the output in an IO monad .
What this all means is one can't do IO in the atomically block unless it 's unsafe .
The ability to restrict what the user can do , when one wants to , with the type system is quite powerful .
That being said , Haskell does have some clear losses next to Erlang .
The biggest drawback is the lack of a distributed model .
There is distributed Haskell , I have not researched it much but I 'm under the impression it is not ' there ' yet .
Erlang is easy to learn , very easy .
Haskell is not .
I have found that , in order to write really good Haskell code , one has to keep a lot of stuff in their head at once .
Perhaps this is just because I am new but I have found Haskell better to read than to write .
Erlang is not like this , while the syntax has some peculiarities to it , it is not hard to pick up and start writing good Erlang .
I think Ocaml shares more in common to Erlang in this regard .
The hump one needs to get over in order to write solid Haskell code is a real and legitimate reason to not choose Haskell .
All that being said , I admittedly am fairly new to Haskell so these opinions will change over time , I 'm planning on putting more effort into writing real projects in Haskell to see how it goes .
Needless to say , I am impressed by what Haskell has to offer for concurrency .
If I 'm factually wrong on anything here , please correct me , this is all based on some reading research I 've been doing on Haskell , not my actual experiences . *
When I say Haskell , I really mean GHC here ** Yaron Minsky's Caml Trading lecture , very good !
Makes a great , practical argument , for Ocaml - http://ocaml.janestreet.com/?q=node/61***
Supercompilation http://community.haskell.org/~ndm/downloads/slides-supercompilation_for_haskell-03_mar_2009.pdf
Labels : concurrency , haskell , ocaml
( CNN ) --
At the beginning of the school year , a couple of hundred parents , myself included , gathered in the middle school lounge for the principal 's back - to - school speech .
The chatting hushed as the principal walked from the back of the room to the podium .
As she proceeded down the aisle , parting the crowd of parents , she carried with her the biggest bottle of hand sanitizer I 've ever seen .
Expert : Washing hands works well to prevent many diseases , but it 's not very helpful agains the flu virus .
When she arrived at the front of the room , the principal , all 5 feet and 100 pounds of her , used every bit of her strength to hoist the giant jug onto the lectern .
" Welcome back to school , " she said .
" Swine flu stops here . "
The principal explained that between each and every class , the teachers would supervise the children while they sanitized their hands .
In addition , students would be washing and sanitizing their hands at other times , such as before lunch and snack .
My eldest daughter confirmed that they really were cleaning their hands at least every 45 minutes , but exactly eight days later , the e-mails started to arrive : a case of suspected H1N1 flu in the seventh grade , another in kindergarten , and then another and another .
At one point at my daughters ' school , they were sending home a dozen students a day sick with symptoms of H1N1 flu .
A sneeze in the theater versus a germy handshake
What happened here ?
How come with all that hand washing so many children still became ill ?
According to some experts , you can wash your hands all you want , and it wo n't do much to stop the spread of influenza , including the H1N1 variety .
" Washing hands really is wonderful for preventing many diseases , such as the common cold , but it's not very helpful to prevent influenza , " said Arthur Reingold , professor of epidemiology at the University of California - Berkeley .
I gave Reingold two scenarios .
The first : I 'm sitting in a movie theater next to -- but not touching -- someone with H1N1 , and he sneezes and does n't cover his mouth .
The second : Someone with H1N1 rubs his nose , shakes my hand , and then I rub my nose .
In which situation am I more likely to catch the flu ?
That 's easy , said Reingold , an infectious disease specialist who advises on vaccine policy for the World Health Organization .
The theater incident is much more likely -- much , much more likely , he said -- to give me the flu , since inhaling particles results in a bigger dose of the virus .
A spokesman for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention agrees there is n't strong evidence that hand washing fights H1N1 .
" We do n't have solid data on the effect that hand washing has on the transmission of H1N1 , " CDC spokesman Tom Skinner wrote in an e-mail .
But he said there 's still reason to be vigilant about hand washing .
" There are studies that show hand washing was effective in reducing transmission of other respiratory diseases , " he said .
Dr. Peter Palese , a professor of medicine and infectious diseases at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York City , said hand washing is n't all that helpful against the flu because the flu is n't like other respiratory diseases .
" The flu virus is n't very stable on the hand , " he said .
" The virus has a lipid membrane that flattens out when it's on your hand , and it gets inactivated . "
The rhinovirus , on the other hand , which causes the common cold , can live quite nicely on someone 's hand .
" It has a different architecture than a flu virus , " he said .
" It 's much more stable . "
The flu virus thrives in droplets of water , such as the kind that come out of your mouth when you sneeze or cough .
" The lipid membrane stays intact when it 's surrounded by a droplet of water that 's ten times bigger than the virus itself , " Palese says .
Infectious disease experts and the CDC agree the flu is more likely to be transmitted through airborne particles than through hand contact .
However , they disagreed on the extent to which flu is caused by hand contact compared with inhalation of particles .
Mark Nicas , an adjunct professor at the University of California - Berkeley School of Public Health , thinks a significant number of flu cases do indeed spread from hands touching one another .
" I think that hand contact accounts for maybe one - third of influenza infections , " he said .
Hand washing : A false sense of security from H1N1 ?
Some infectious disease experts said they 're concerned messages from the CDC to wash hands to prevent H1N1 have given people too much faith in hand washing .
" Everyone 's eager to promote hand washing , and certainly it wo n't do any harm , but to rely on a hand washing as a way to prevent influenza is a serious mistake , " said Reingold .
" Do n't kid yourself that you 're going to protect yourself from the flu completely by washing your hands , " said Arnold Monto , a professor of epidemiology at the University of Michigan School of Public Health .
The CDC has emphasized other prevention techniques , such as vaccination , as well , Skinner said .
" CDC has communicated from the get - go that hand washing is only one tool in the toolbox used to prevent the transmission of influenza , " he said .
This brings me back to my experience at my daughters ' school .
The e-mails from the principal said some of the sick children reported to the school nurse that they 'd woken up ill , but their parents sent them to school anyway .
What 's up with that ?
If your child is sick , keep her at home .
If you 're sick , do n't go to work .
Using that particular tool in the toolbox will go a long way toward stemming the spread of H1N1 flu -- probably more than washing your hands .
CNN 's Sharisse Scineaux and Jennifer Pifer - Bixler contributed to this report .
All About Swine Flu • Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
KDE announced today that the one millionth commit has been made to its Subversion - based revision control system .
" This is a wonderful milestone for KDE , " said Cornelius Schumacher , President of the KDE e.V. Board of Directors .
" It is the result of years of hard work by a large , diverse , and talented team that has come together from all over the globe to develop one of the largest and most comprehensive software products in the world . "
The 500,000th commit took place on January 19th , 2006 , and the 750,000th commit 23 months later on December 18th , 2007 .
In contrast , only nineteen more months were required to reach the 1,000,000 commit milestone .
" The pace of development within KDE is rapid and healthy , and new developers join us at an astounding rate , " remarked Schumacher .
" On average , each month for the past three years , more than twenty new developers have made their first commit . "
Schumacher attributes this growth to the strength of both KDE 's products and vision .
" We have dedicated ourselves to innovation and building a platform well - suited to future needs .
This has enabled developers to write amazing software for the platform using a variety of languages .
As a result , the response from the community and press to our KDE 4.2 release has been overwhelmingly positive . "
Schumacher also wanted to extend thanks to the Subversion team .
" Subversion has proven itself to be a reliable and capable system that has served us extremely well for many years .
We know of no other public repository that has reached one million commits , and we are proud to serve as a testament to the scalability of the product . "
The pace of commits to the Subversion repository may start to slow , however .
" The centralized model of Subversion has served us well and works very well for some of our contributors , such as translators .
But in other areas the increasing speed of development and the availability of mature distributed version control systems has led the community to think about the current infrastructure .
Many developers have found that their development style would be better suited by distributed development tools like Git , Mercurial , and Bazaar .
We believe in using the right tool for the job .
As such , parts of KDE development will be migrating to Git . "
On the same day , the Amarok project ( http://amarok.kde.org) became the first KDE project to migrate to Git .
Description :
Database Assurance : Anomaly Detection for Relational Databases
Abstract :
Speaker Bio :
This talk titled " " was given by Dr. Peter Mork in the CERIAS Security Seminar .
Behind countless complex applications lurk trusty relational databases that are responsible for managing the data that fuel these applications .
For example , relational databases are used to support electronic medical health record systems , timecard reporting systems , and transportation systems .
Ideally , the relational database system has been sufficiently hardened to prevent exfiltration or modification of data .
Unfortunately , adversaries often have insider access to the networks and machines on which the database is running and can easily circumvent such security measures .
Therefore , in this research project , we create profiles of known , legitimate behavior so that we can flag any anomalous behavior as potentially illegitimate .
In this presentation , because SQL injection remains the # 1 attack vector , I will first illustrate how SQL injection attacks can exfiltrate data from a database system .
I will then discuss various locations within the database engine that one might monitor activity , highlighting the benefits of placing a monitor between the query optimizer and query execution engine .
Next , I will describe how we use cross- feature analysis to generate profiles of legitimate behavior and how these profile are used at run-time to identify anomalous activity .
Then , I will present experimental results both in terms of performance overhead and precision / recall .
I will conclude with a discussion of when our techniques are most applicable and how a clever adversary might nevertheless elude our monitor .
Dr. Peter Mork is a Senior Technology Advisor and Principal Database Research at The MITRE Corporation .
At MITRE his research revolves around data management topics including metadata management , data discovery , privacy and security .
He also advises the Department of Health and Human Services on strategies for sharing data , particularly in the presence of privacy constraints .
He received his PhD in 2005 from the University of Washington on the topic of Peer Architectures for Knowledge Sharing .
31 Creative Bread Recipes You Knead in Your Life
Channel your inner baker with these inventive bread recipes .
Way back on September 23 , 1889 , a businessman in Kyoto named Fusajiro Yamauchi started a company called " Nintendo Koppai " to manufacture a type of Japanese playing card , called hanafuda .
In the six - score years since , while Nintendo still makes playing cards in Japan , the company has become slightly better - known for its line of electronics .
You owe it to yourself to read about the history of the Nintendo Company .
Now valued at over US $ 85 billion , they 're easily one of the most recognized videogame companies in the world .
But along the road to that destination , they tried some ... interesting ideas , including instant rice and love hotels .
Fortunately for kids and videogame geeks everywhere , Fusajiro Yamauchi 's grandson Hiroshi put the company on the path that led to its rise in the global electronic gaming market .
So take a moment today while playing your Wii or DSi after work , or during work , or instead of work , to remark that today marks 120 years since the founding of a company that has brought a great deal of fun to millions of people .
They are also majority owners of the Seattle Mariners baseball team , about which you can make what you will .
( Logo trademark of Nintendo Co. , Ltd. , used under fair use .
Photo via Flickr user gin_e under CC license . )
Jeff
Excerpts from a Dog 's diary :
8:00 am - OH BOY !
DOG FOOD !
MY FAVORITE !
9:30 am - OH BOY !
A CAR RIDE !
MY FAVORITE !
9:40 am - OH BOY !
A WALK !
MY FAVORITE !
10:30 am - OH BOY !
A CAR RIDE !
MY FAVORITE !
11:30 am - OH BOY !
DOG FOOD !
MY FAVORITE !
12:00 noon - OH BOY !
THE KIDS !
MY FAVORITE !
1:00 PM - OH BOY !
THE YARD !
MY FAVORITE !
1:30 PM - ooooooo .
bath . bummer .
4:00 PM - OH BOY !
THE KIDS !
MY FAVORITE !
5:00 PM - OH BOY !
DOG FOOD !
MY FAVORITE !
5:30 PM - OH BOY !
MOM !
MY FAVORITE !
Excerpts from a Cat 's diary
DAY 752 - My captors continue to taunt me with bizarre
little dangling objects .
They dine lavishly on fresh
meat , while I am forced to eat dry cereal .
The only
thing that keeps me going is the hope of escape , and
the mild satisfaction I get from ruining the
occasional piece of furniture .
Tomorrow I may eat
another house plant .
DAY 761 - Today my attempt to kill my captors by
weaving around their feet while they were walking
almost succeeded , must try this at the top of the
stairs .
In an attempt to disgust and repulse these
vile oppressors , I once again induced myself to vomit
on their favorite chair ... must try this on their bed .
DAY 765 - Decapitated a mouse and brought them the
headless body , in attempt to make them aware of what I
am capable of , and to try to strike fear into their
hearts .
They only cooed and condescended about what a
good little cat I was ... Hmmm .
Not working according to
plan .
DAY 768 - I am finally aware of how sadistic they are .
For no good reason I was chosen for the water torture .
This time however it included a burning foamy chemical
called " shampoo . "
What sick minds could invent such a
liquid ?
My only consolation is the piece of thumb
still stuck between my teeth .
DAY 771 - There was some sort of gathering of their
accomplices .
I was placed in solitary throughout the
event .
However , I could hear the noise .
More
importantly I overheard that my confinement was due to
MY power of " allergies . "
Must learn what this is and
how to use it to my advantage .
DAY 774 - I am convinced the other captives are
flunkies and maybe snitches .
The dog is routinely
released and seems more than happy to return .
He is
obviously a half - wit .
The bird on the other hand has
got to be an informant , and speaks with them
regularly .
I am certain he reports my every move .
Due
to his current placement in the metal room his safety
is assured .
But I can wait ; it is only a matter of
time ......
Bank claim that is out of this world
By Lauren Hansen
BBC News
US bank customer Dalton Chiscolm could learn on Friday if he is one step closer to becoming the world 's first ever billion - trillionaire .
Mr Chiscolm sued Bank of America in Manhattan 's federal court in August for " $ 1,784 billion trillion " , in a complaint that boiled down to poor customer service .
But US District Judge Denny Chin asked Mr Chiscolm to provide further evidence to support his claims by 23 October , or find them dismissed .
$ 1,784 BILLION TRILLION
Dr Kevin Houston helps break down exactly how much Dalton Chiscolm is asking Bank of America to pay him for poor customer service .
His demands will need a really rich person .
Bill Gates fits that bill , in 2008 he was worth over $ 50 bn .
But even Bill Gates 's pockets are n't deep enough .
What if everyone on Earth , all 6.8bn of us , were as rich as Bill Gates ?
Not enough .
That super - rich planet would be worth only $ 340 million trillion .
What if we had 1,000 planets full of Bill Gateses ?
Still not enough to pay the bill , because 1,000 Bill Gates Earths adds up to only $ 340 billion trillion .
It would in fact take 5,247 super - rich , Bill Gates - filled planets to just barely cover Mr Chiscolm 's demand for $ 1,784 billion trillion .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT Judge Chin is familiar with large sums of money , having just sentenced financier Bernard Madoff to a 150 - year prison term .
But Madoff's $ 65 bn ( £ 40 bn ) Ponzi scheme pales in comparison to the amount Mr Chiscolm expects from the bank .
Judge Chin called the complaint " incomprehensible " , in an order released in court .
Many zeroes
The actual number , 1,784 billion trillion , is equal to 1.784 multiplied by 10 to the 24th power , or 1,784 followed by 21 zeroes .
Using the International System of Units , this number is called a Yotta .
Which is how much exactly ?
" The Sun has the power of a Yotta microwave ovens , " says Chris Budd , Professor of Applied Mathematics at the University of Bath , by way of explanation .
This unfathomable number is used mainly by scientists to measure the very small or the very large , said Dr Kevin Houston , senior lecturer at the the School of Mathematics at the University of Leeds .
But people are not meant to actually comprehend a number this size .
" I do n't think the human brain is set to deal with those numbers , " he said .
' Completely silly '
The specificity of Mr Chiscolm 's requested amount - $ 1,784 billion trillion - is even more curious .
International System of Units
Kilo ( K ) = 3 zeroes Mega ( M ) = 6 zeroes Giga ( G ) = 9 zeroes Tera ( T ) = 12 zeroes Peta ( P ) = 15 zeroes Exa ( E ) = 18 zeroes Zetta ( Z ) = 21 zeroes Yotta ( Y ) = 24 zeroes Source : Chris Budd " It could be that if they did say just one billion it would seem just plucked out of the air , " Dr Houston said .
" Is it something to do with a date ?
What happened in 1784 ? "
Following up Dr Houston 's suggestion , we found a few events in 1784 that could offer insight into the inspiration behind the number .
Is Mr Chiscolm an American nationalist ?
On 14 January , the American Revolutionary War ended and Congress ratified the Treaty of Paris .
Or perhaps he is a classical music aficionado , for Mozart 's Sonata in B flat , K454 , premiered in Vienna on 29 April .
Maybe he is a newspaper fan , because America 's first daily newspaper , Penns Packet and General Advertiser , was published on 21 September .
Regardless of the reasoning , the monetary amount is beyond financial recognition .
" The guy wants more money than there is in the world , " Dr Houston said .
" It 's completely silly . "
Getting the claim approved by the judge may be one hurdle for this disgruntled customer .
But finding the money if he won the suit would be quite another .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After a week of toking in Manchester , the Union Leader finally takes notice .
Thanks to Mark Hayward for the story :
With glass pipes and odd - smelling cigarettes , protesters have taken to Veterans Memorial Park in downtown Manchester , lighting up at 4:20 p.m. daily , the same time as do protesters in downtown Keene .
Participants yesterday said they started the effort Sept. 28 , a week after the daily smoke - ins began in Keene .
They say they light up to protest marijuana laws .
“ There ’s laws , and they should n’t be here .
So many have tried to work within the system to change the laws , begging bureaucrats .
But it never works , ” said Travis Eden , a 24 - year - old who lives in Manchester and works in information technology .
Eden said a video of him selling marijuana is posted on the FreeKeene Web site .
About two dozen were on hand for the ceremonial light - up yesterday , as one rolled a joint on a bongo drum and lit it .
Another two shared a pipe .
Some passed out brownies which they said were not spiked with marijuana .
Several waved protest signs with messages such as “ Leaf us Alone ” to motorists on Elm Street , often receiving honks of support from drivers .
One woman wore the costume of a cannabis leaf .
Many did not smoke , and a few — including a gun-toting Bill Domenico — said they are not there to smoke marijuana , but to protest marijuana laws .
“ I ’m supporting the cause , but I ’m not stoned , ” said Domenico , who wore a gun on his left hip .
He called himself the group ’s “ self - appointed watchdog . ”
A digital radio scanner hung on his right hip , which he uses to monitor Manchester police traffic .
Police said yesterday they have monitored the group but have not seen any marijuana use .
“ They ’re not doing what they say they ’re doing , ” said police Lt. Ernie Goodno .
When told a reporter smelled marijuana , Goodno said he will send an officer to the park to see what ’s going on .
No officer monitored the park yesterday , although police have done so on previous days , he said .
“ We ’ll enforce the law , ” Goodno said .
“ We ’re not going to turn our backs to someone violating the law , within reason . ”
Eden said several of the protesters are Free Staters who have moved to New Hampshire .
He for , example , moved here recently from Florida .
He said the protests are drawing the support from passers - by , and the protesters offer them a puff or two .
Supplying marijuana to another is a more serious crime than merely smoking it .
“ We ’re not promoting this for people to come by and get high , ” Domenico said .
“ It ’s more if you want to participate in civil disobedience .
We ’re activists , but we ’re not crazy . ”
Four Chicagoland fighters competed in WEC 42 , and all four suffered defeat .
A potentially exciting night for fans of the Chicagoland MMA scene instead becomes one of disappointment .
The outcomes of the Sunday night fights leave us with many questions to ask .
The main event featured East Chicago , Indiana native Miguel Torres defending his bantamweight championship against challenger Brian Bowles .
Torres is widely considered one of the top pound for pound fighters in the world , and several of his matches in the WEC cage have been some of the most impressive performances in the promotion ’s history .
Despite the hype Torres proved to be human after suffering a shocking knock out victory to the underdog Bowles .
Ricardo Lamas , who fights out of Top Notch Gym and Overtime MMA / Jeff Neal Jiu Jitsu , also came out on the losing end of his bout .
“ The Bully ” showed good punch / kick combinations and seemed to be getting the better of the exchanges with his opponent , Danny Castillo .
But in the second round Castillo landed a right hand that dazed Lamas and he was able to follow up for the TKO finish .
This is Lamas ’ first loss in his professional career .
Jeff Curran stepped in against Takeya Mizugaki feeling the pressure to get the win .
The “ Big Frog ” was on a three - fight slide and needed to get back on the winning track to stay relevant in the crowded 135 pound division .
Curran spent a majority of fight with Mizugaki in his guard actively working submission and sweep attempts off his back .
He was able to catch his Japanese opponent in a triangle choke at the end of the third round but could not force the tap out .
The contest was close , but Mizugaki ’s submission defense and ability to stay busy from the top position helped him earn a split decision victory over the Island Lake native .
In the untelevised portion of the card Evanston native John Hosman made his WEC debut against no - gi submission wrestling champion Rani Yahya .
Hosman took the fight on short notice after the original opponent , Kenji Osawa , had to bow out after suffering a foot injury .
Hosman ’s teammate at the Midwest Training Center in Schaumburg is former WEC bantamweight champion Chase Beebe .
Yahya unsuccessfully challenged Beebe for the belt in a match where Beebe combined outstanding defense and scrambling ability with a ground and pound attack for the decision victory .
The Downers Grove native helped Hosman train for this fight , but “ The Goat ” could not duplicate the same results .
Yahya secured a north - south choke and tapped Hosman in the first round .
Several questions now hang over the heads of the disappointed fighters .
Does Torres get an immediate rematch with Bowles , or was the loss so convincing he has to fight his way back into contention ?
Despite a four fight losing streak does Curran deserve to stay in the WEC considering the high quality of opponents he has faced during that stretch ?
Because the WEC always has the option of cutting someone from the fight roster is Lamas in danger of being dropped despite the fact he was winning the fight against Castillo before being knocked out ?
Will Hosman be invited back to compete in World Extreme Cagefighting ?
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
Finances are one of the most complicated things in many people 's lives … and yet , they do n't have to be .
With a little effort , you can simplify your financial life and end the money headaches most people face .
I consider myself a minimalist .
As such , I shy from all kinds of complexities .
I look for ways to simplify .
I like worry - free solutions — I like to forget about it , so I can focus on things that are more important to me .
Here 's how I simplified my financial life :
Step One : I Opted Out of Consumerism .
This is the first and most important step .
If you 're a long - time GRS reader , you already know all about this — if you 're new , dig through the GRS archives for some great stuff about frugality and the consumerist mindset .
Too often , we get into the mindset of buying , of attaining more , of shopping for pleasure or stress relief or finding self - worth , of impulse buys .
This is a mindset that comes from years of exposure to advertising , and it 's hard to stop .
Start by becoming more conscious of it , and by telling yourself that you will no longer find pleasure in buying and having material things .
When you find yourself with an urge to buy , stop and breathe .
Put the item on a 30 - day list and do n't buy it until 30 days after you put it on the list .
Usually the impulse will dissipate .
Give thought to every purchase and ask yourself , “ Is this really necessary ?
Can I live without it ? ”
Try to live only with what 's necessary and get happiness from doing things — from spending time with people , from creating — rather than from material goods and spending .
Step Two : I Saved Up an Emergency Fund
Before you can find financial peace of mind , you need an emergency fund , otherwise you 're always going to be living on the edge , from paycheck to paycheck .
Every unexpected expense that comes up will derail everything I recommend below .
This point has been driven home many times on this site , so I wo n't belabor it .
But start here :
Save up at least $ 500 by putting $ 50 - 100 per paycheck towards this fund , and gradually build up to $ 1000 or more .
To do this , cut out unnecessary expenses .
Look closely at your spending , including regular payments you might have forgotten about , and see what can be cut .
There 's always something :
magazine subscriptions
monthly payments for services you do n't really need ( including online services )
buying books when you could use the library
cable television
a bigger car than you really need
gourmet coffee when you can make your own at home
a bigger home than you need
storage space when you could just sell your stuff
clothes and shoes when you already have plenty
gadgets and computer purchases you do n't really need
going out to lots of restaurants or bars or clubs or other expensive entertainment when you could stay home or do fun things without spending much
Put the money you cut into your emergency fund until it gets to at least $ 500 .
Step Three : I Got Out of Debt .
Again , this has been well - covered here at GRS and elsewhere .
But it 's important — otherwise , minimalist finances will be difficult to achieve .
Debt payments are not essential — you should n't have them in the first place .
But until you pay them off , they 'll be headaches .
After you 've saved at least $ 500 for your emergency fund , put most of your extra income towards debt payment , one debt at a time , until you 're all paid up .
Maybe put a little each paycheck towards your emergency fund .
This step will take the longest , but it 's well worth it .
And you can do the other stuff on this list immediately , without having to complete this step first .
Step Four : I Use Cash , Not Credit
I 'm a big fan of cash , and a big credit card hater .
Credit card bills are a blight on most people 's finances ; they make it too easy to spend money you do n't have , and then you end up paying tons in interest and fees .
Sure , it 's possible to use them responsibly , but in most cases , it 's an unnecessary temptation .
Ditch the credit cards and use cash and ( sometimes ) Visa or Mastercard debit cards .
These are better only allow you to spend money you already have .
Cash is great because you can withdraw a pre-determined amount each month , and you always know how much you have left .
With credit cards , it 's easy to spend more than you have budgeted ; to stay within a budget you 'll have to constantly track your expenses .
No need to track expenses with cash — you can see you only have a little left .
Try the envelope system for cash :
Put designated amounts of cash into separate envelopes for groceries , gas and other spending .
Step Five : I Automated My Finances .
I do n't like worrying about bills , so I 've made my finances automagical .
I have all my income automatically deposited in my checking account , and I 've set up automatic payment for all bills .
Some are done by automatic deduction , when possible , and others are done by using the online bill - paying system of my bank , set to recurring monthly payments .
Other bills — my rent , for example — I 've paid in big chunks , six months to a year in advance .
I also make savings transfers automatic , and when I was in debt , those payments were automatic as well .
It helps to have a sizable emergency fund so you can make payments like this and not worry about whether there 's enough in your account for all of your automatic bill payments .
I 've actually split my emergency fund into two :
Most is in an online savings account .
The rest is in my checking , so I always have a comfortable cushion in my checking account .
It takes a little while to get automated finances just right , but you can start today by setting up automatic deposits and deductions and bill payments .
It 's nice , because your finances also become paperless .
I recommend putting a reminder in your calendar to check on your bank accounts once a week , just for peace of mind .
Otherwise , you can now forget about finances .
Step Six : I Don't Buy Unless I Need It — And Have the Money .
This is such an old and common - sense piece of advice that it 's almost embarrassing to put it here .
But it 's important .
Once you 've done all of the above , you 're debt - free with a good emergency fund and automatic finances .
But what about purchases from that point forward ?
Should you buy a bike if you want to commute by bike ?
Should you buy new furniture ?
The answer is two - fold :
Do n't buy it unless you really need it , and Don't buy it unless you have the money already .
Not “ if you have the money next month or next week ” , but only if you have the money in hand .
It 's as simple as that .
Avoid debt as much as possible .
The last car I bought was used , and I was able to pay cash for it ( with a trade - in ) .
I hope to buy my first house completely with cash ( or at least mostly with cash ) .
Do n't buy it unless you need it — and only if you have the money .
If you follow these two rules , you 'll never have to worry about finances again .
You 'll be able to bask in the glory of your worry - free financial life — and laugh in the face of humanity .
Update : Trent at The Simple Dollar has posted a follow - up to this article that provides some concrete examples of the advantage of going minimal .
The huggers want to show that , despite the recent nomination for an architectural wooden spoon and for generally ‘ getting it in the neck ’ , there are people who still care for the 326 - apartment , boat - shaped block .
So who ’s right ?
BEAUTY
Speaking about the scheme , Pelli said he wanted to ‘ to create a modern , striking building , a memorable place to live , with exceptional view of a wonderful waterfront and park ’ .
Meanwhile Guy Butler , senior development manager at project backer Grosvenor , described the prowed block as a ‘ building design which has really stuck its head above the parapet and has , without a doubt , vastly improved an area of our city centre which was formerly wasteland . ’
BEAST
David Dunster from the Liverpool School of Architecture said it boasts ‘ one of the nastiest looking pieces of standard office glazing since Britain was bombed by the Luftwaffe ; and cheap . ’
He added : ‘ The prow can only be a ghastly reference to Liverpool ’s maritime past and conclusive evidence that all architects should be banned from the use of metaphor , simile or metonymy in the next 100 years at least . ’
Bollywood star Shah Rukh Khan has appeared in more than 70 films India has asked the US to explain why a leading Bollywood film star was allegedly detained for two hours at Newark airport , which serves New York .
Shah Rukh Khan , who was released after India 's embassy in the US intervened , said he felt angry and humiliated .
The actor , who is promoting a film on racial profiling , said he was stopped because he had a Muslim name .
But US customs officials denied that Mr Khan had been detained , saying he was questioned for 66 minutes .
Elmer Camacho , a spokesman for the US Bureau of Customs and Border Protection , said the questioning was part of the agency 's routine process to screen foreign travellers , the Associated Press news agency reports .
Check list The US ambassador to India , Timothy Roehmer , said the embassy was looking into Mr Khan 's case .
Speaking in Delhi , Mr Roehmer said : " Shah Rukh Khan , the actor and global icon , is a very welcome guest in the United States .
Many Americans love his films . "
He said the embassy was trying to " ascertain the facts of the case - to understand what took place " .
Mr Khan , 44 , earlier told the Press Trust of India news agency he had been detained by immigration officials at Newark airport because his name came up on a computer check list .
He told the agency that he had been released after he was allowed to message a politician in India , who contacted the Indian embassy in Washington on his behalf .
Mr Khan was on his way from New York to Chicago to attend an Indian independence day celebration when he was stopped at Newark airport in the state of New Jersey .
Mr Khan later tried to play down the incident .
When asked about it while attending the Chicago celebration , he said : " I think it 's a procedure that needs to be followed , but an unfortunate procedure . "
The news was widely reported by Indian media outlets .
Mr Khan has appeared in more than 70 films and is considered one of India 's most recognisable and popular celebrities .
Last month , America 's Continental Airlines apologised to APJ Abdul Kalam amid outrage in India when it emerged that the former Indian president had been frisked and made to remove his shoes at Delhi airport in April .
The airline said in a statement that it had not intended to offend Mr Kalam or the sentiments of the people of India .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PARIS -- Former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin , who is on trial for his alleged role in a smear campaign against President Nicolas Sarkozy , accused the French leader of abusing his powers to persecute him .
" I am here because of the furious determination of one man : Nicolas Sarkozy , " Mr. de Villepin told reporters as he entered the courtroom on the first day of the trial .
Mr. de Villepin has repeatedly denied that he was involved in a smear campaign against Mr. Sarkozy .
Mr. de Villepin has publicly , and through his lawyers , denied the charges .
The former prime minister on Monday said he will emerge innocent from the trial .
The case against Mr. de Villepin , a 55 - year - old writer and politician whose defining moment was a 2003 United Nations speech in which he urged the U.S. not to invade Iraq , has figured in French newspaper headlines for the past five years .
The trial will attempt to determine who was behind the 2004 falsification and dissemination of banking records saying that Mr. Sarkozy and several other politicians , lawyers and executives held secret bank accounts in Luxembourg , according to lawyers and magistrates involved in the case .
At the time the records were disseminated , Messrs .
Sarkozy and de Villepin both were ministers in the administration of then - President Jacques Chirac .
Will Smith married actress Jada Pinkett Smith in 1997
Actor and musician Will Smith is to host the Nobel Peace Prize concert with actress wife Jada Pinkett Smith .
The US pair said the opportunity to host the event , which takes place after the prize - giving , would be " an awe - inspiring experience " .
The concert , which takes place in Oslo , Norway on 11 December , will feature performances from Wyclef Jean , Donna Summer and Toby Keith .
The winner of the Nobel Peace Prize will be announced on 6 October .
' Humbled '
The honour is bestowed on 10 December every year , which is the anniversary of prize founder Alfred Nobel 's death in 1896 .
Geir Lundestad , secretary of the Norwegian Nobel Committee , said they were " excited " to have the Hollywood couple as concert hosts .
" Together they 've had a global impact on the arts and philanthropy and will be excellent ambassadors for peace . "
The pair added that they are " humbled and honoured " to have been given the opportunity to host the event .
Smith 's numerous film credits include Hancock and I Am Legend .
Pinkett Smith has appeared in screen hits including Madagascar and The Matrix Reloaded .
An Onondaga County sheriff 's deputy was suspended without pay Wednesday over a traffic stop in which he Tasered a mother in front of her children in January .
After an administrative hearing Wednesday , Deputy Sean Andrews was suspended from his $ 49,095 - a- year job for 30 days , according to Deputy John D'Eredita , a spokesman for Sheriff Kevin Walsh .
Previous coverage
Criminal justice expert : Onondaga County deputy should n't have used Taser on woman
Mom in minivan tasered twice in Salina traffic stop ; camera captures deputy 's rough roadside arrest
Andrews , a deputy for the past four years , was taken off road patrol after he pulled over Audra Harmon and shot her with his stun gun twice in front of her two children on Hopkins Road in Salina .
He initially told her he saw her talking on her cell phone while driving , but after she said she could disprove that , he accused her of driving 5 mph over the speed limit , according to Harmon .
When she got out of her minivan then did not immediately return at his request , he drew his Taser on her .
After she got back in the van , Andrews pulled her out and Tasered her .
Harmon was charged with resisting arrest , disorderly conduct and speeding .
All the charges were dropped .
The case was reported last week in The Post - Standard and was broadcast on national television and spread across the county via the Internet .
The publicity did not lead to Andrews ' suspension , D'Eredita said .
Walsh could not be reached for comment .
What happens next with Andrews will be determined by the civil service process , D'Eredita said .
If his suspension goes beyond 30 days , his pay must resume , according to state law .
If that happens , Andrews would be placed in the sheriff 's " temporary assignment unit , '' where deputies facing pending discipline report to a room but are not allowed to do any work .
Neither Andrews , 37 , nor his lawyer could be reached for comment .
Harmon , 38 , sued the sheriff 's office last week over the incident .
Her lawyer , Terrance Hoffmann , said he hopes the sheriff 's office takes more disciplinary action against Andrews .
But if the deputy 's record is free from any other misconduct , he should not be fired over the Tasering , Hoffmann said .
" We would like for him to be intensively retrained not only in the appropriate use of Tasers , but also trained in how to appropriately deal with the public , " Hoffmann said .
" We would also like an apology . "
John O'Brien can be reached at jobrien@syracuse.com or 470-2187 .
Finally some videos of the motion controller being used in a real game .
Sorry I do n’t know what they are saying .
Looks like a interesting way to use it in LittleBigPlanet .
On Resident Evil 5 , you have to hold a Dual Shock 3 in addition to the motion controller .
I tried this myself at home but used a remote in place of the motion controller and it felt ok .
But I would n’t be surprised to see a Sony version of the Wii nunchuk
PlayStation Motion Controller | LittleBigPlanet
PlayStation Motion Controller | Resident Evil 5
An oxygen - depleted “ dead zone ” the size of New Jersey is starving sea life off the coast of Oregon and Washington and will probably appear there each summer as a result of climate change , an Oregon State University researcher said Thursday .
The huge area is one of 400 dead zones around the world , most of them caused by fertilizer and sewage dumped into the oceans in river runoff .
But the dead zone off the Northwest is one of the few in the world -- and possibly the only one in North America -- that could be impossible to reverse .
That is because evolving wind conditions likely brought on by a changing climate , rather than pollution , are responsible , said Jack Barth , professor of physical oceanography at OSU .
“ I really think we ’re in a new pattern , a new rhythm , offshore now .
And I would expect [ the low - oxygen zone ] to show up every year now , ” Barth said at a news conference .
Advertisement
Thursday ’s briefing coincided with the release of a National Science Foundation multimedia report that said the number of dead zones worldwide was doubling every decade .
In the Pacific Northwest , the report said , the areas of hypoxic , or low - oxygen , water that long have existed far offshore began to appear closer to land in 2002 , a phenomenon that may mean they are even deadlier to sea life that exists near the ocean floor .
Low - oxygen zones are created when large blooms of plankton form on the surface of the ocean , then decay and fall to the sea floor , where further decay eats up the oxygen in the water .
“ When oxygen gets too low in the ocean , it has a deleterious effect on organisms , ” Barth said .
“ They either have to flee the area , or they get stressed or even die off .
Those die - off [ areas ] are dead zones . ”
Advertisement
The affected waters of the continental shelf in Oregon and Washington for the most part are not inundated with polluted river runoff ; the nutrients that feed the plankton blooms here come from natural sources , Barth said .
And researchers believe a change in the flushing movement of water along the coastline may be responsible .
The gradual warming of surface waters across the north Pacific , the report funded by the National Science Foundation said , has tended to isolate deep waters far below the surface -- allowing less oxygen penetration .
There also has been a change in wind patterns , encouraging the upwelling of that low - oxygen water and inhibiting the natural flushing action of water .
“ What we ’re seeing is changes in the oxygen content of the water and the winds that drive the ocean and cause that flushing , ” Barth said , calling it a “ double whammy . ”
Advertisement
Although it is possible that the phenomenon could be related to cyclical ocean currents and temperatures , Barth said that he was more inclined to believe it was a long - term result of climate change .
He said that researchers had scanned records going back to the 1950s and had seen nothing similar to what has appeared every year off the Oregon coast since 2002 .
The worst year on record was 2006 , when the Pacific Northwest zone saw an area of “ anoxia , ” or virtually no oxygen at all .
--
kim.murphy@latimes.com
( CNN ) --
Three research scientists have taken a rare public stand against animal - rights activists , describing them as terrorists for their threats and acts of violence in commentaries published in the latest issue of The Journal of Neuroscience .
Three researchers say they are going to stand up against animal - rights activists who use extreme tactics .
Since 2003 , " we have seen our cars and homes firebombed or flooded , and we have received letters packed with poisoned razors and death threats via e-mail and voice mail , " wrote Dario L. Ringach , a professor of neurobiology and psychology , and J. David Jentsch , a professor of psychology .
They work at the University of California , Los Angeles .
" Adding insult to injury , misguided animal - rights militants openly incite others to violence on the Internet , brag about the resulting crimes , and go as far as to call plots for our assassination ' morally justifiable , ' " they wrote .
In telephone interviews with CNN , both men said they had been subject to harassment , threats and violence .
Last March , " they blew up my car while it was parked in front of my home at 4 a.m. , " said Jentsch , who uses rodents and nonhuman primates in his research into how brain chemistry influences mental disorders .
His 2006 Volvo was destroyed .
The Animal Liberation Brigade , which took responsibility for the attack in a Web site posting , announced " when we come back , it 's not going to be the car , hint , hint , " Jentsch said .
He said an FBI investigator described the incendiary device as " sophisticated . "
" We have to take them on directly "
The practice long followed by many researchers of keeping quiet and hoping the activists will go away does not work , said the 37 - year - old scientist .
" We have to take them on directly ; that 's what we plan to do ...
I 'm not going to be afraid of these people ; they 're thugs . "
Jentsch said the university has provided him with round - the - clock security , along with a handful of other researchers who have been threatened .
He acknowledged that having no children may make such a stand easier to take .
" People ask me all the time : ' What should people who have children do ? ' " he said .
" My only answer is -- what a horrible position to put someone in where they have to choose between their family and their career , their desire to make the world a better place through their science . "
That was the decision faced by Ringach , who previously worked with primates .
Three years ago , when his 6 - year - old and 2 - year - old children were asleep , 30 to 40 masked activists arrived at their house and banged on the doors and windows , he said .
" I just called 911 , " he said .
" I really was terrified ; my kids were clinging to my wife . "
Ringach gave up his work with animals .
Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act of 2006
As a result of that incident , Congress passed the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act of 2006 .
It 's a federal law that prohibits interference with animal enterprises , including research .
But it is being challenged as unconstitutional and , " so far , I 'm not sure it has had an effect on their activities , " Ringach said .
The activists have not limited their attacks to primate researchers .
Last year , at the University of California at Santa Cruz , a researcher who works with mice was awakened at dawn with his wife and their two children when their house was firebombed .
They escaped .
That day , another researcher at the same school -- who works with flies and has not been identified publicly -- had his car set afire , said Ringach .
" They 're really against all types of research , " Ringach said .
The Foundation for Biomedical Research said it was aware of 317 incidents of extremist activity by animal rights activists from 1997 to 2008 , including firebombings of researchers ' homes and cars , breaking and entering , vandalism , stealing property and acts of intimidation .
Scientists bear part of the responsibility for not having explained to the public why their work is important , Ringach said .
" I would really like to have an honest and civil debate about animal research , " he said .
" The problem is it 's very difficult to do when every day I have to look under my car and see if something is there . "
Laura Eimiller , an FBI spokeswoman , noted that rewards of up to $ 115,000 have been offered for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the person or persons responsible for the bombings .
She said law enforcement officials consider the attacks to be acts of domestic terrorism .
Taking it to the next level
Dr. Jerry Vlasak , a surgeon and spokesman for the North American Animal Liberation Press Office , an animal - rights group , said it is the researchers who are the terrorists .
" They take these sentient and intelligent beings and lock them up in sealed cages ... and eventually kill them and chop them up in little pieces . "
Asked whether he supports the use of violence in furthering his goals , he likened his mission to those of anti-apartheid and civil rights activists .
" I understand why they 're willing to do things like that when all attempts at public discourse and reason and discussion have been quashed , " he said .
" I understand why people would take it to the next level . "
In a separate commentary in The Journal of Neuroscience , the Society for Neuroscience 's outgoing chairman of the Committee on Animals in Research , Jeffrey H. Kordower , called for the National Institutes of Health to ensure the safety of researchers against animal - rights activists .
The federal government requires recipients of NIH grants , primarily universities , to have plans to protect patients undergoing clinical trials and to protect animals used in research .
But there is no plan to protect researchers , he said in a telephone interview .
The request " has fallen on deaf ears , " said Kordower , a neurologist who directs the Research Center for Brain Repair at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago , Illinois .
Though no one has been hurt , " the ... potential is that someone will be hurt in the near future , " he said .
Dr. Sally Rockey , acting NIH deputy director for extramural research , defended her organization 's efforts .
" As we have previously stated , the NIH is extremely concerned about acts of domestic terrorism against biomedical researchers , " she said in a written statement .
" In collaboration with the biomedical community , we have developed resources to help our grantee institutions prepare for and manage crises .
NIH will continue its commitment to this policy in the interests of the safety of the researchers whose work it supports . "
The issue is a critical one if science is to advance , said Society for Neuroscience President Thomas J. Carew .
" Responsible animal research has played a vital role in nearly every major medical advance of the last century , from heart disease to polio , and is essential for future advances as well , " he said in a written statement .
" Today , it is unacceptable that , in the pursuit of better health and understanding of disease , researchers , their families and their communities face violence and intimidation by extremists . "
Charges and countercharges
Vlasak said he had submitted a letter to the editor to The Journal of Neuroscience that said , " As unfortunate as it may be , all successful liberation struggles have had to incorporate the use of force in addition to rational and educated argument ; after all , an oppressor never gives up his power until left with no alternative . "
Vlasak said Journal editor John Maunsell rejected the letter , telling Vlasak in an e-mail , " We will not publish responses from commentators that appear to condone or encourage violence . "
That sparked this missive from Vlasak back to Maunsell : " David Jentsch can torture and kill nonhuman primates year after year in his laboratory to allegedly study human addiction , but I refer to the historical use of force to overthrow oppression and you censor my letter ?
" You wallow in hypocrisy , and refuse to acknowledge the suffering of any being besides those of your own species .
Your attitudes and behavior will ensure the struggle continues , and hopefully escalates to encompass ever - more effective strategies . "
Vlasak provided CNN with copies of his e-mail correspondence with Maunsell .
A spokeswoman for the journal said it does not comment on potential submissions .
In a joint comment e-mailed to CNN , Jentsch and Ringach said , " It is not acceptable for Dr. Vlasak to talk about civilized public discourse out of one side of his mouth and describe violence against us as just and reasonable out of the other .
" People like him have deceived the public about the nature and benefits of biomedical research and , at the same time , we think his behavior has hindered the work of legitimate animal rights / welfare groups .
" It is critical that ' mainstream ' groups sever their ties with violent individuals within their movement and publicly repudiate the acts of animal - right extremists and those that incite them from the sidelines .
When that happens , scientists and animal advocates can get together to have a reasoned and civilized dialogue about these important issues . "
The outspoken researchers are not alone .
More than 10,000 people -- many of them scientists -- have signed a " Pro- Test Petition " that credits animal research with having " contributed ... to major advances in the length and quality of our lives . "
It adds that " violence , intimidation and harassment of scientists and others involved in animal research is neither a legitimate means of protest , nor morally justified . "
All About Animal Rights
The Ambassadors of Cuteness .
Photo : Takamasa Sakurai Enlarge photo
Japanese manga , anime , fashion , and other pop culture has taken the world by storm .
In an attempt to harness this boom to deepen understanding of Japan among young people around the globe , the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan appointed three young leaders as Kawaii Taishi ( " Ambassadors of Cuteness " ) in February 2009 .
The role of the three ambassadors , each a leading figure in a particular genre of fashion , is to represent Japan 's vibrant popular culture overseas .
They have already been making a splash at Japan - themed events around the world .
Stars of Street Fashion
In the past , the Japanese government has presented a decidedly traditional face to the outside world , highlighting such aspects of Japanese culture as kabuki theater , noh drama , the tea ceremony , and cherry blossoms .
This began to change in 2008 , when the Ministry of Foreign Affairs appointed its first ever " Anime Ambassador , " with the idea of using pop culture to stimulate interest in Japan overseas , especially among young people .
The job went to a blue - and - white robot cat known as Doraemon , a favorite among children in Japan and other countries thanks to a long - running series of manga and anime adventures .
The first of the three Ambassadors of Cuteness is celebrity model Aoki Misako , representing the " Lolita " style of frills - and - lace fashion .
Aoki models regularly for leading fashion publications such as Kera and Gothic & Lolita Bible .
She has also appeared in the catalog for the " Baby , the Stars Shine Bright " brand of clothing , whose flagship store became a magnet for fans of Lolita fashion all over the world after it featured as the frilly - dress outlet of choice for the heroine of the international hit movie Kamikaze Girls .
Kimura
Yu , meanwhile , represents the Harajuku style , named after the Harajuku area of Tokyo frequented by young trendsetters who love browsing the used clothes stores there .
True to this genre of fashion , Kimura has a highly individual style , often combining several layers of secondhand clothing to create her own unique look .
She is also the vocalist for Peep 4U , a pop group that plays some 100 shows a year ; she even designs her elaborate stage costumes herself .
Completing the trio of ambassadors is Fujioka Shizuka , a star in the world of school - uniform - style designer clothing increasingly popular with young women in various countries .
Her eye for the perfect combination of socks , skirts , and schoolgirl blouses has earned her a reputation as the " magician of school uniform coordination . "
She works as a coordination advisor at a popular store specializing in designer school - uniform fashions .
On Parade in Paris Fujioka was present in uniform at the Japan Festa held in March in Bangkok , where her style tips and fashion advice were a big hit with Thai high school girls looking to enhance their look .
The biggest celebration of Japanese pop culture anywhere in the world took place in Paris , where the Japan Expo celebrated its tenth anniversary in July 2009 .
One of the big attractions this year was a fashion show featuring ten of the biggest names in Harajuku fashion .
Aoki Misako and Kimura
Yu modeled and appeared on talk shows to publicize the event .
The promoter of the show was Laforet Harajuku - a Harajuku department store known as the place to go for all the latest on what 's hot in the center of Japanese street fashion .
Other attractions included a screening of the Full Metal Alchemist anime , live music from Puffy Amiyumi and the girl group AKB48 , and a cosplay ( " costume play " ) event at which fans dressed up as their favorite manga and anime characters .
Also in attendance were members of Clamp , a famous female group of manga artists .
French fans were also introduced to the cartoon rock band The Loonies , who first featured in a promo video by the popular band Triceratops .
Many fans chose to attend in costume , a sight that attracted a lot of local media attention .
With a number of similar events already scheduled in other countries , the three young ambassadors will have plenty of opportunities to spread their message and introduce people around the world to the charms of Japan and its popular culture .
( August 2009 )
Republicans were also furious that the measure was attached to an essential $ 681 billion military policy bill , and accused Democrats of legislative blackmail .
Even some Republican members of the usually collegial House Armed Services Committee who helped write the broader legislation , which authorizes military pay , weapons programs and other necessities for the armed forces , opposed the bill in the end , solely because of the hate crimes provision .
“ We believe this is a poison pill , poisonous enough that we refuse to be blackmailed into voting for a piece of social agenda that has no place in this bill , ” said Representative Todd Akin of Missouri , a senior Republican member of the committee .
On the final vote , 237 Democrats were joined by 44 Republicans in support of the bill ; 131 Republicans and 15 Democrats opposed it .
The Democratic opponents were a mix of conservatives who were against the hate crimes provision and liberals opposed to Pentagon provisions .
The military bill has yet to be approved by the Senate .
But the hate crimes provision has solid support there , and Senator John McCain of Arizona , the senior Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee , said the overall bill outweighed his own objections to including the hate crimes measure .
Mr. Obama supports the hate crimes provision , though the White House has raised objections to elements of the bill related to military acquisitions .
If signed into law , the hate crimes legislation would reflect the ability of Democrats to enact difficult measures with their increased majorities in Congress and a Democrat in the White House .
Image Representative John A. Boehner , the House Republican leader , voiced opposition to the measure .
Credit ... Evan Vucci / Associated Press
“ Elections have consequences , ” Mr. McCain said .
Similar hate crime provisions have passed the House and the Senate in previous years but have never been able to clear their final hurdles .
Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Thursday that it was fitting that Congress was acting now , since next Monday is the 11th anniversary of Matthew Shepard ’s killing .
The hate crimes part of the bill is named for Mr. Shepard and James Byrd Jr. , a black man killed in a race - based attack in Texas the same year .
It is that time of year again when coffee shops start selling over - priced cold brewed coffee .
Paying $ 4 or $ 5 for a cup of cold brewed coffee is ridiculous once you know how easy it is to make your own .
Cold brewing a coffee concentrate is not rocket science .
Place ground coffee in contact with cold water for several hours .
Filter out the coffee .
Done .
At this point , you can add more water , milk or even Baileys Irish Cream .
The only question is how do you want to filter the coffee ?
You could use the classic Toddy , the Primula or you could build your own on the cheap .
In this tutorial , we are going to use the Reusable Cold Brew Coffee Filter Pouch by Madesco and a glass jar .
No plugs or drilling or special filters .
This is about as easy as coffee brewing can get .
For this tutorial , we are using the basic size of the Reusable Cold Brew Coffee Pouch by Madesco .
It is perfect for a quart - sized container .
If you need to make much larger quantities , Madesco has a 5 - gallon option as well .
What Coffee To Use ?
You do not need a special coffee to make cold brewed coffee .
Use the coffees you normally like .
Some roasters are making special blends for cold brew and iced coffee .
Typically they tend to be lighter roasted .
They also are often a blend of African coffees with fruity notes and Central American coffees with chocolate notes .
But again , any coffee that you already like will work .
Reusable Cold Brew Coffee Filter Pouches
1 - quart glass jar .
You can go larger , just add more coffee .
1 cup of coffee beans .
Be sure to grind them before adding to the pouch .
# 1 Grind Coffee and Add to Pouch
Add one cup of ground coffee into the cold brew pouch .
Some brewing recipes say to use coarse ground and others say to use medium ground .
Both work .
Madesco advises a medium grind in the instructions , so I used a medium grind .
Cold brew is super forgiving .
Add ground coffee to cold brew pouch .
# 2 Place Pouch Inside Jar and Add Water
Place the bottom of the cold brew pouch into the bottom of the glass jar .
Do n’t close the pouch drawstring yet .
Slowly add cold water .
Add enough water to fill the jar .
Do n’t pour the water in quickly or the coffee might float up and out of the pouch .
# 3 Close the Pouch and Seal the Lid
Pull the drawstring .
Push the pouch down into the jar and then close the jar .
I kept the drawstring outside the jar to keep it dry , but you do n’t have to .
The lid is closed and the drawstring is outside the jar .
If you keep the drawstring outside the jar , put a plate or saucer under the jar because little drops of coffee will escape down the string onto wherever you placed your jar .
# 4 Let Coffee Steep for 12 or More Hours
You can “ cold brew ” in the refrigerator or set it on the counter overnight .
I use the counter .
How long you steep the coffee is up to you .
Most cold brew recipes use a 12 - 24 hour range .
The longer you steep the more concentrated the brew will become .
So it all comes down to personal preference .
My brews with the coffee pouch all fell into the 12 - 16 hour range .
# 5 Remove Pouch and Place Coffee Concentrate into Refrigerator
Take the pouch out slowly letting all the coffee drain into the jar .
Seal the jar and place it in the refrigerator .
The concentrate is finished .
# 6 Quick Clean Up
Empty the grounds inside the pouch into a compost container or your garden .
Turn the filter inside out and rinse the pouch .
Then hang it up somewhere to dry , so it is ready for the next brew .
# 7 Serve the Coffee Concentrate
This is where the cold brew gets fun .
You can decide how strong you like it based on your own personal tastes .
I experimented with adding 2/3 of a mug filled with concentrate and 1/3 water .
You can drink it cold or heat it up on a stove or microwave .
You can also use cold brew concentrate for blended iced coffee drinks and coffee martinis .
A Word on Ratios
The standard advice for those that weigh when they make a cold brew concentrate is to use a 4 to 1 brewing ratio .
That is 4 parts water to 1 part coffee .
This is significantly stronger than hot brewed coffee which is often in the 15 - 17 to 1 range .
Because cold brew is a concentrate , you ’ll be adding water and / or ice to dilute the coffee when you serve .
If you do n’t add the water , not only will you be getting a strong coffee , but a tremendous amount of caffeine .
Initial Guidance
If you do n’t have much experience with cold brew , you may want to purchase a quality cold brew and have it on hand when you make your own .
Being able to compare side - by - side will help you calibrate your tastes when you dial in your own recipe .
Two brands to look for are Bizzy Cold Brew Coffee Concentrate ( Amazon USA , Amazon Canada ) and Secret Squirrel Cold Brew , which can be found at Target and other locations .
Last Words
Cold brew really is this simple .
Cold brew coffee is not rocket science .
Resources
Reusable Cold Brew Coffee Filter Pouches ( 2 - pack ) ( Amazon USA , Amazon UK , Amazon Canada )
5 Gallon - sized Cold - brew Coffee Brewer / Dispenser ( Amazon USA , Amazon UK , Amazon Canada )
Coffee Brewing Guide – INeedCoffee has several cold brew coffee tutorials .
Disclosure : INeedCoffee received a Cold Brew Coffee Filter Pouch from Madesco to complete this tutorial .
Title photo by Matt Hoffman
I wrote a function that writes packets to the wire .
It takes the source IP , destination IP , and destination port .
The fucntion , writePackets ( ) , uses the libnet headers .
On ArchLinux these can be installed with pacman - Sy libnet .
I was inspired to write this because I am in the process of reading Hacking : The art of exploitation by Jon Erickson .
It covers a lot of the basics of reading assembly as well as some often over looked programing flaws that lead to buffer overflows .
// Function for writing new packets // hard time documenting everything here , it 's a bit of a mess //
Most of this was sort of guess and check along with some learn by example //
Not sure what every piece of libnet_build_tcp and libnet_build_ipv4 should be void writePacket ( u_long src_ip , u_long dst_ip , u_short dst_prt , libnet_t * l ) { u_short src_prt ; int bytes_written , checkerr ; /* build tcp header */ checkerr = libnet_build_tcp ( src_prt = libnet_get_prand(LIBNET_PRu16 ) , dst_prt , libnet_get_prand(LIBNET_PRu32 ) , // SEQ num libnet_get_prand ( LIBNET_PRu32 ) , // ACK num TH_SYN , // set syn flag libnet_get_prand ( LIBNET_PRu16 ) , // window size 0 , 0 , LIBNET_TCP_H , NULL , 0 , l , // packet holder 0 ) ; if ( checkerr == - 1 ) { printf ( " Error building TCP header : %s
" , libnet_geterror ( l ) ) ; libnet_destroy( l ) ; exit( EXIT_FAILURE ) ; } /* build ip header */ checkerr = libnet_build_ipv4 ( LIBNET_TCP_H + LIBNET_IPV4_H , // size of packet 0 , libnet_get_prand(LIBNET_PRu16 ) , // port ? 0 , libnet_get_prand(LIBNET_PR8 ) , // ???
IPPROTO_TCP , 0 , src_ip , dst_ip , NULL , 0 , l , // packet holder 0 ) ; if ( checkerr == - 1 ) { printf ( " Error building IP header : %s
" , libnet_geterror ( l ) ) ; libnet_destroy ( l ) ; exit( EXIT_FAILURE ) ; } bytes_written = libnet_write(l ) ; if ( bytes_written != - 1 ) printf ( " %d bytes written .
" , bytes_written ) ; else printf ( " Error writing packet : %s
" , libnet_geterror ( l ) ) ; libnet_clear_packet(l ) ; // clear out the packet }
Before 2018/03 Before 2018/02 Before 2018/01 Before 2017 / 12 Before 2017 / 11 Before 2017/10 Before 2017/08 Before 2017/07 Before 2017/06 Before 2017/05 Before 2017 /04 Before 2017/03 Before 2017/02 Before 2017/01 Before 2016 / 12 Before 2016 / 11 Before 2016 /10 Before 2016/09 Before 2016/08 Before 2016/05 Before 2016 / 04 Before 2016/03 Before 2016 /02 Before 2016/01 Before 2015 / 11 Before 2015 / 10 Before 2014/01 Before 2013/01 Before 2012/10 Before 2011/10 Before 2010 / 12 Before 2010/09 Before 2010 /07 Before 2010/05 Before 2010/03 Before 2010 / 02 Before 2010/01 Before 2009 / 12 Before 2009 / 11 Before 2009 /10 Before 2009/09 Before 2009/08 Before 2009 /07 Before 2009 /06 Before 2009/05 Before 2009 / 04 Before 2009/03 Before 2009 / 02 Before 2009/01 Before 2008 / 12 Before 2008 / 11 Before 2008 /10 Before 2008/07 Before 2008/06 Before 2008/05 Before 2008/03 Before 2008 /02 Before 2008/01 Before 2007 / 12 Before 2007/01 Before 2006 / 12 Before 2006/11
Hotels in Varanasi
Varanasi is a highly revered pilgrim destination in India .
The city sees more saffron color than any other pilgrimage center .
Tourists come to Varanasi to experience the mystic , spiritual and holy Benaras ( as it was earlier called ) .
Hotels in Varanasi cater to everybody irrespective of the money they can afford .
Varanasi hotels have an array of choices for travelers from India and abroad .
Their services vary discretely .
The high priced hotels have more convenient and modern amenities than the low priced hotels in Varanasi .
Among the diverse choices , you can opt , as per your requirements , from the following list –
Five star hotels
Heritage hotels
Three and four star hotels and
Budget hotels
Five star hotels in Varanasi are simply world class .
They are located at peaceful locations and offer services of international standard .
Understandably the luxury and opulence is distinctive .
Some of the luxurious hotels in Varanasi are Hotel Taj Ganges , Radisson Hotel , Ramada Plaza and Hotel Ideal Tower and others .
These hotels provide a wonderful home away from home .
The rooms are elegantly adorned and facilities are nothing less than perfect .
Heritage hotels in Varanasi such as Pallavi International Hotel , Nadesar Palace and others are tourist spots in themselves .
By staying in heritage style , it means being surrounded by historic artifacts such as statues , paintings and other items worth a story .
The amenities are modern and stylish .
The four and three star hotels in Varanasi such as Hotel Meridian Grand , Hotel India , Palace on Ganges , Hotel Ideal Tops , Hotel De Paris and others provide ease in location and affordability along with providing standard facilities and service .
If you wish for moderately priced accommodations , budget hotels in Varanasi will give you that and extra .
These cheap accommodations in Varanasi offer clean and hygienic rooms with competent modern amenities .
Here are some of the budget hotels in Varanasi – Hotel Buddha , Diamond Hotel , Ganga View , Hotel Arya , Hotel Sarin Inn , Nar Indra and so on .
Due to the large number of tourist traffic every year , hotels in Varanasi fill up fast .
It is advisable to book your hotel in advance .
Get hotel details , reservation and tariffs in IndiaProfile.com .
Location :
The Cannabis Health Fair is a full - day patient outreach event designed to answer all your questions about cannabis as medicine and how to become a legal patient in Colorado .
Cannabis has been used safely for over 10,000 years as medicine by humans .
It is only in the last 70 years that citizens have not been able to enjoy the benefits of cannabis and the many conditions it treats .
The Cannabis Health Fair is designed to educate people on the best ways to legally take advantage of this wonderful plant for the treatment of many symptoms and diseases .
The Cannabis Health Fair will feature speakers on many topics related to medical cannabis .
There will also be vendor tables and displays from medical cannabis dispensaries as well as other hemp and cannabis - related businesses .
The event is free and open to the public .
Patients , caregivers , advocates , medical professionals , legal professionals and law enforcement professionals are encouraged to attend .
Parking : Closest parking is on Macky Drive , which is accessible from 17th and University just east of Macky Auditorium .
You will need to pay $ 3 to get through the gate .
SPEAKERS INCLUDE Rob Corry , Esq. : Medical cannabis attorney - Won first Colorado medical mj .
Jury trial http://www.colorado420.com/news/lauve/
http://www.robcorry.com/
Dr. Robert J. Melamede , Ph.D. : Associate Professor , Biology Department , University of Colorado , Colorado Springs and cannabinoid expert ( Cannabis Science , Inc. ) Dr. Melamede is a specialist on cannabinoids and the endocannabinoid system and its importance in human health .
Dr. Melamede is also Chief Science Officer of Cannabis Science , Inc. , a pharmaceutical company on the front line of developing phytocannabinoid - based medicines for a variety of illnesses .
http://www.uccs.edu/~rmelamed/
http://www.cannabisscience.com/
Jason Lauve , medical cannabis patient Jason was acquitted by a jury of possessing 34 ounces of medical cannabis on Aug. 6 , 2009 in Boulder District Court .
Jason was ingesting his cannabis and needed larger quantities .
Jason 's jurors correctly interpreted Article 18 , Section 14 of the Colorado Constitution as allowing a patient to possess any amount of cannabis that the patient feels is medically necessary .
http://www.colorado420.com/news/lauve/
Dr. Jade E. Dillon , MD Dr. Dillon is experienced with the Medical Marijuana Registry process and will discuss the basics of the Registry and medical conditions that qualify a patient to become part of the Registry .
http://www.trocairemedical.com/
Timothy Tipton , Rocky Mountain Caregivers ' Cooperative Timothy is a patient advocate and court - appointed cannabis expert .
He has testified in several medicinal cannabis trials throughout the state .
He is also the founder of the Rocky Mountain Caregivers Cooperative and NRAD ( North Reasonable Access Denver ) .
http://medmarijuana.meetup.com/119
Erin Marcove , cannabis therapist Erin Marcove has been an active cannabis therapist for a patient collective for the past 2.5 years .
She recently attended the National Clinical Conference on Cannabis Therapeutics a the University of California , San Francisco School of Medicine .
Meet Your Cannabis Professionals
The last hour of the Fair will feature presentations by some local dispensaries and other cannabis professionals .
It ’s tradition at vineyards to have a celebratory meal each fall after the harvest .
An aspect of this ritual is to bake bread with grapes in it , quite appropriately .
This recipe comes from David Page , a chef - turned - winemaker , of Long Island ’s Shinn Estate Vineyards .
We paired it with a nice , dry rosé , although next time I ’d probably prefer a fruitier one .
It ’s easy , fun , and most of all , delicious in a way that leaves you , and your palate , delightfully satisfied .
You ’ll need : 1 envelope dry , active yeast ; 2 Tbsp sugar ; 2 cups bread flour ; 3 / 4 cup warm water ; 2 tsp chopped rosemary ; 1/2 tsp fine salt ; 1/4 tsp fresh ground pepper ; 1 / 2 lb red grapes ( 1.5 cups ) ; coarse sea salt ; 3 oz crumbled bleu cheese ( 1/2 cup ) ; 1 Tbsp honey ; 1 Tbsp snipped chives .
With which you will :
In a large bowl , whisk yeast and sugar with 1/4 cup flour .
Stir in 1/4 cup warm water , let stand until slightly foamy ( ~5 min ) .
Add rosemary , fine salt , pepper , 1.75 cups flour , and remaining water .
Stir until dough forms .
Turn dough on lightly floured work surface and knead until smooth ( ~5 min ) .
Transfer to oiled bowl , cover , and let rise in a draft - free spot until billowy and doubled in bulk ( ~1 hour ) .
Heat oven to 450° and place pizza stone in bottom of oven ; let warm for at least 30 min. *
Turn dough onto lightly floured surface , press and stretch ( ~13 ″ ) , transfer to pizza peel , press in grapes and sprinkle with sea salt .
Slide bread onto hot stone ( ~ 12 min ) until crust is golden and grapes are beginning to seep juices .
Sprinkle bleu cheese , bake until melted ( ~2 min ) , then slide onto work surface and drizzle with honey and sprinkle with chives .**
* I do n’t have a pizza stone yet .
We used a perforated pizza tin and decreased heat and just watched the crust .
** My chives were wilted ( boo ) so I used the green ends of scallions instead and it was still fabulous .
Bon appetit !
religious panic and the rise of the atheist menace
Religious commentators are trying to soothe scared believers that atheism is just a fad .
In reality , skepticism of organized religion is quickly growing .
Just in case you have n’t noticed by the brisk sales of books about atheism , skepticism and science , or by the crowds that swarm to hear Richard Dawkins ’ lectures , or by the fact that some of the biggest blogs on the web are ran by atheists and agnostics for their fellow non-theists , atheism is getting big .
Really big .
It ’s not as big as Jesus though , since some three quarters of the U.S. population still calls itself Christian , but according to a new poll , as many as 15 % of Americans say they do n’t follow any religious tradition .
And that number has been projected to grow over the next few decades to one in four .
However , before cheering for the explosion of atheism across the nation , keep in mind that the study also added deists and disenfranchised theists into the mix .
Only 42 % of the studied group are actually atheists or agnostics who highly doubt theistic premises .
But atheism is growing and it ’s racking up demographic clout big enough to turn heads , but why ?
What made so many people leave religious traditions and embrace constant doubt and questioning of the universe they inhabit ?
The simplest reason I can think of is that we ’re outgrowing today ’s religious dogmas which failed to account for important scientific discoveries when they were new , much less our current body of knowledge .
I do n’t want to flatter us too much , but in the last few hundred years we ’ve done a pretty damn good job when it comes to exploring nature for a bunch of upright apes with fancy brain wiring .
However , as we kept on learning and updating our libraries and textbooks , our religious traditions have been pretty much frozen in place .
What theistic holy books try to tell us about our world tends to be wrong and at odds with observable , verifiable facts .
Outside of a very closed environment in which information is censored to either strictly adhere to dogma or mutilated to fit preconceived notions , today ’s religious traditions are failing to provide plausible answers to our existential questions .
Even haughty , esoteric theology rooted in the deism of the Enlightenment tends to trip and fall flat on its face when confronted with serious questions about good , evil and the nature of deities , which is to be expected because by definition , theologians try to explain something that has no real definition and should fall outside our realm of perception .
Put a blind person in a room and try to have her explain what sound the color blue makes .
This is pretty much what theologians try to do when expounding on gods .
By not involving the supernatural and sticking to only what we can verify through experiments and observation , scientists greatly simplify matters and can come up with perfectly logical explanations .
Hence , it makes more sense for people to trust the scientific method rather than lengthy pontifications involving fuzzy paradoxes and a whole lot of hemming and hawing from theologians and priests .
For obvious reasons , ardent theists do n’t like this one bit , which is why like all reports about the growing atheist menace on the horizon , the reporting of the poll referenced in the introduction came filled with all sorts of nasty comments intended to placate them …
While the numbers portend a dramatic change for the American religious scene — “ religious nones ” accounted for just 8 percent of the population in 1990 — the United States is not poised adopt the anti-religious posture of much of secularized Europe .
Europe is anti-religious ?
Really ?
Since when ?
Sure , it ’s far more secular than the United States where every politician rushes to waive the Bible at election time , but we hardly see cathedrals getting vandalized or closed down , the Vatican being disbanded , or priests constantly harassed by rowing squads of atheist hecklers .
The talking point about Europe being institutionally hostile to religious organizations is a smear , created by those who only seem capable of a with - us - or - against - us mentality .
To affirm their beliefs , they insist to rationalizing that those who disagree have an evil agenda to dismantle their faith , an attitude embodied in this quote …
American religious nones tend to be religious skeptics as opposed to outright atheists .
Fewer than ten percent of those identifying with no religious tradition call themselves atheists or hold atheistic beliefs , according to the new study .
Right .
Atheists are n’t religious skeptics who decided that based on the available evidence there are no deities , they ’re just rabid , evil anti-religious people like those snooty Europeans .
We get the point .
And that point is still nonsense .
If you take a look at page 11 of the study itself , you ’ll see where that sub 10 % atheist rate appears .
In a question about what the respondents think about the existence of God , responses questioning whether you could really know if a deity exists were grouped into different categories which made up 35 % of all replies .
While it ’s a difference of opinion and wording that separates agnosticism from atheism , agnostics actually do hold many atheist beliefs .
To them , God is not personal , tangible or demonstrably provable .
They do n’t go to church , they doubt the existence of the afterlife , they accept evolution and cosmology .
They ’re just not willing to completely shut the book on the idea of a deity and call it a day quite yet .
To present atheists as nothing more than God denialists is intellectually lazy and offensive .
It sounds like Ray Comfort ’s dialogues with Kirk Cameron before the two head off to stare at a banana in slack - jawed awe and worship it as the embodiment of God ’s omnipotence .
Let ’s give those who are skeptical of blind faith their due because they ’re trying to take charge of their lives and find logical answers to questions with which we all have to struggle .
This is why they ’re rejecting dogma and taking up science books .
They ’re intellectual explorers .
To marginalize them for the benefit of those who erupt into hysterics the minute they see anything positive about atheists is just malicious and arrogantly condescending .
Geheimdienste sollen geheimer werden Markus Kompa
Schäuble stellt die parlamentarische Kontrolle der Dienste infrage
Für reichlich Irritation sorgten Äußerungen von Innenminister Wolfgang Schäuble , der während der " Sicherheits - und Verteidigungskonferenz des Handelsblatts " die Existenz des parlamentarischen Kontrollgremiums des Bundestages infrage stellte .
Dieser auch mit Abgeordneten der Opposition besetzte Untersuchungsausschuss , der den Geheimdiensten als Repräsentant des Bundestages auf die Finger sehen soll , scheint Herrn Schäuble so lästig zu sein , dass er ihn abschaffen möchte .
Angeblich behinderten die als Sicherheitsrisiko empfundenen Ausschussmitglieder die Zusammenarbeit mit ausländischen Partnerdiensten - die Schäuble offenbar näher stehen , als seine Bürger und Parlamentskollegen .
Stattdessen solle die Kontrolle der Dienste auf eine " andere Art " durchgeführt werden , etwa eine " bestimmte Persönlichkeit " dafür berufen werden .
Im Klartext würde dies bedeuten , dass die Regierung die Opposition umgehen und die ihr unterstellten Geheimdienste durch eigene Leute selbst " kontrollieren " möchte - also gar nicht .
Wer bewacht die Wächter ?
Nach voraussehbarer Entrüstung seiner Politikerkollegen relativierte sich Schäuble zwar später rhetorisch , seine " Anregung " , die Kontrolltätigkeit über den Bundesnachrichtendienst oder andere Dienste könne auch auf eine allgemein anerkannte Persönlichkeit oder Institution verlagert werden , sei nur als " Vorschlag " zu verstehen .
Eine " Forderung " habe er damit nicht verbunden .
Doch allein ein solcher geäußerter Wunsch eines Innenministers wirft auf dessen Verständnis des Rechtsstaats und die Bereitschaft , diesen einzuschränken , ein fragwürdiges Licht .
Die Erfahrungen mit dem Bundesnachrichtendienst , der in allerhand Skandale verwickelt gewesen war und früher sogar verdeckten Einfluss auf die Medien genommen hatte , sprechen absolut dagegen , eine solche Behörde von parlamentarischer Kontrolle auszunehmen .
Auf Anfrage von Telepolis kommentierte der Geheimdienstexperte Dr. Erich Schmidt - Eenboom , der selbst vom BND wegen seiner Enthüllungsbücher über die rechtsstaatlich fragwürdigen Operationen des BND bespitzelt worden war :
Schäubles bewusst provozierende Forderung nach Aufhebung der parlamentarischen Kontrolle der Nachrichtendienste erinnert fatal an jene braunen Parolen , die einst die gesamte Volksvertretung als Quasselbude diffamierten .
Sein Vorschlag , die Überprüfung von BND , BfV und MAD in die Hände eines von der Exekutive berufenen " Expertengremiums " zu legen , würde den Weg frei machen hin zu einer Geheimen Staatspolizei in inneren und äußeren Angelegenheiten .
Taktische Verhandlungsmasse ?
Auch andere Experten bewerten Schäubles unverblümtes Anliegen als aussichtslos bis absurd .
Es drängt sich daher der Verdacht auf , es handele sich um eine bewusst überzogene Zuvielforderung , die in Verhandlungen generös gegen weniger einschneidendere Forderungen geopfert werden soll , die auf diese Weise politisch durchgesetzt werden könnte , was sich dann psychologisch als " Kompromiss " verkaufen ließe .
Denn mit der Abschaffung von einer Kontrolle der Geheimdienste durch den Souverän , die gewählten Volksvertretung , wäre der Rubikon in Richtung Polizeistaat definitiv überschritten .
Sollte Schäuble seinen Vorschlag allerdings nicht als Provokation geäußert haben , sondern ernst meinen , so fragt sich , wo das hinführen soll und wird .
Bereits vor Jahren hatte ein Experte in Polizeikreisen prophezeit , wir würden absehbar den Tag noch erleben , wenn sich in Berlin wieder ein " Reichssicherheitshauptamt " formiert , sich also die heute qua Verfassung organisatorisch getrennten Institutionen Polizei , Inlandsgeheimdienst und Auslandsgeheimdienst unter einem Dach vereinigen und der Exekutive eine Allmacht einräumen würden .
Auf Derartiges hatte man hierzulande seit 65 ( West ) bzw .
20 Jahren ( Ost ) eher gut verzichten können .
Was einst nach Cassandra - Rufen klang , ist heute schon zu einem Gutteil Realität geworden :
War es früher aufgrund der Polizeihoheit der Bundesländer noch undenkbar gewesen , dass der Bund ( neben Zoll , Bahnpolizei und Bundeskriminalamt ) eine eigene Vollzugspolizei unterhalten könne , hat nunmehr die seit 2005 aus dem obsoleten Bundesgrenzschutz rekrutierte Bundespolizei das Föderalismusprinzip aufgeweicht .
Während man es bislang als Ausprägung des Rechtsstaats empfunden hatte , die Inlandsgeheimdienste und den Auslandsgeheimdienst organisatorisch abzuschotten und diesen insbesondere keine Polizeibefugnisse zuzubilligen , wird die verfassungsrechtliche Trennung in der Praxis auf der Arbeitsebene informell unterlaufen : Man kennt sich , durchläuft identische Lehrgänge an Polizeischulen usw . , und trifft sich gelegentlich zum diskreten Informationsaustausch .
Dem früher nur für die Auslandsaufklärung zuständigen BND wurden in Sachen Organisierter Kriminalität und Terrorismus klassische Aufgabenfelder des Bundeskriminalamts eingeräumt .
Nun will Schäuble in einer Bundesabhörzentrale alle Ermittler gemeinsam unter einem Dach das Volk bespitzeln lassen .
Vergleiche mit der Stasi werden zurecht als verharmlosend kritisiert : Die Stasi konnte nämlich nur einen homöopathisch geringen Bruchteil der Kommunikation erfassen und auswerten , den die moderne Fernmeldeüberwachung mit automatisierten Systemen in Echtzeit überwacht .
Angesichts der digitalen Kommunikation stehen den Schnüfflern ungleich privatere Informationen zur Verfügung , als je in bloße Telefonate oder Tagebücher eingehen würden .
Deutschland gilt als Weltmeister im Abhören der eigenen Bevölkerung , was angesichts der leidvollen Erfahrung mit zwei totalitären Staatssystemen schon mehr als erstaunlich ist .
Und weil auch das nicht ausreichen soll , um Schäuble in Sicherheit zu wiegen , will der Mann auch noch die Bundeswehr im Inneren einsetzen .
Wenn heute schon wieder anspruchsvoll ausgebildete Polizisten bereit sind , sich zu unkritischen Befehlsempfängern machen zu lassen , was darf man dann von Soldaten im Inneren erwarten ?
Selbst den Verantwortlichen in der DDR war 1989 der von Honecker gewünschte Einsatz des Militärs gegen das eigene Volk nicht geheuer gewesen .
Gefahrenlage ?
Aber gegen wen soll denn eigentlich die geheime wie geballte Staatsmacht 20 Jahre nach Ende des Kalten Krieges eingesetzt werden ?
Gegen die deutschen Linksterroristen sicherlich nicht - die sind schon lange aus dem Geschäft .
Die Anzahl der Todesopfer , welche der RAF zugeschrieben werden , beträgt nur einen Bruchteil der Opferzahl , die kürzlich in Afghanistan auf Befehl eines Bundeswehrsoldaten exekutiert wurde - die Staatsmacht ist offenbar sogar gefährlicher als die Terroristen .
Nachdem die Afghanen darauf verzichten , in Europa Rache für den vom Westen seit acht Jahren gegen ihr Land geführten Krieg zu nehmen , kann man nicht ernsthaft von einer afghanischen Terrorgefahr sprechen , die am Hindukusch abgewehrt werden müsste .
Hätte irgendein Afghane hier Terroranschläge verüben wollen , so wäre längst ein Zug entgleist , hätte längst ein Heckenschütze zugeschlagen oder eine Karawane an Selbstmordattentätern amerikanische Botschaften aufgesucht , ohne , dass irgendein Geheimdienst das hätte verhindern können .
Tatsächlich ist aber nichts dergleichen passiert .
Wie gerufen für Schäubles Wahlkampf kamen da die Geständnisse der ominösen " Sauerland - Bomber " - die mit einer nicht funktionierende Bombe , bei der ihr Geheimdienste zugearbeitet hatten , publikumswirksam vor den Diensten durch halb Deutschland defilierten .
Oder fürchtet Schäuble möglicherweise einen Aufstand der Hartz - IV - Empfänger ?
Wozu brauchen wir auf einmal diese gigantische Überwachung , die jetzt nicht einmal kontrolliert werden dürfen soll ?
Herrschaftswissen
Bei der Frage , wem man die Geheimdienste und ihre Kontrolle anvertrauen soll , muss man lange suchen , um einen ungeeigneteren Kandidaten für diese sensible Vertrauensaufgabe als Schäuble zu finden .
So ist etwa sein Rätsel um die " 100.000 , - DM - Spende noch immer nicht überzeugend geklärt .
Schäuble bewertet darüber hinaus das jahrelange Einsperren von willkürlich aufgegriffenen Menschen in Käfigen nicht als Folter , sträubt sich vehement , uns , das Volk , an unserer eigenen Geschichte teilhaben zu lassen und sperrt weiterhin alte Akten , die Aufschluss über das Verhältnis der staatlichen Dienste zur RAF geben könnten - meiert jedoch die eigene Staatsanwaltschaft , die den Mord an ihrem Ex-Behördenleiter klären möchte , schulmeisterlich ab .
Und während Schäuble gerade den Staatsanwälten in den Rücken fällt und Akten sperrt , hat der clevere Politprofi den Nerv , den Wählern bei der Öffnung von Akten " weitestgehende Transparenz " zu versprechen .
Angesichts des gerade vermeldeten Fundes eines " verborgenen Archivs der RAF " , das seit 1991 offiziell vom Staat versteckt wurde , wäre eine fundierte Aufarbeitung dieser Fragen eine sinnvolle Entscheidungshilfe , wem denn die Macht in unserem Staate anvertraut werden soll .
Erddepots erinnern eher an die Operationsweise der GLADIO - Einheiten , eine ebenfalls noch unter unverständlicher Geheimhaltung stehende Altlast des Kalten Kriegs .
Lacht kaputt , was euch kaputt macht !
Über Schäubles Innenleben machen sich derzeit vor allem die politischen Kabarettisten Gedanken .
Während Florian Schröder bei Schäuble " Wahnsinn " diagnosdiziert , verortet Volker Pispers dessen Defizite eher im charakterlichen Bereich .
Mathias Richling sieht Schäuble im Krieg gegen die Bürger .
Sollte der Innenminister weiter an der verfassungsmäßigen Ordnung sägen wollen , dann wäre ihm zur Vermeidung etwaiger juristischer Komplikationen anzuraten , konsequenterweise auch Art. 20 Absatz 4 des Grundgesetzes ersatzlos zu streichen :
(4) Gegen jeden , der es unternimmt , diese Ordnung zu beseitigen , haben alle Deutschen das Recht zum Widerstand , wenn andere Abhilfe nicht möglich ist .
( Markus Kompa )
PRINCETON , NJ --
In Gallup Daily tracking that spans Barack Obama 's third quarter in office ( July 20 through Oct. 19 ) , the president averaged a 53 % job approval rating .
That is down sharply from his prior quarterly averages , which were both above 60 % .
In fact , the 9 - point drop in the most recent quarter is the largest Gallup has ever measured for an elected president between the second and third quarters of his term , dating back to 1953 .
One president who was not elected to his first term -- Harry Truman -- had a 13 - point drop between his second and third quarters in office in 1945 and 1946 .
The dominant political focus for Obama in the third quarter was the push for healthcare reform , including his nationally televised address to Congress in early September .
Obama hoped that Congress would vote on healthcare legislation before its August recess , but that goal was missed , and some members of Congress faced angry constituents at town hall meetings to discuss healthcare reform .
Meanwhile , unemployment continued to climb near 10 % .
The high point of Obama 's third quarter may have been his winning of the Nobel Peace Prize during the quarter , which led to a noticeable but very brief bump in support .
More generally , Obama 's 9 - point slide between quarters ranks as one of the steepest for a president at any point in his first year in office .
The highest is Truman 's 19 - point drop between his third and fourth quarters , followed by a 15 - point drop for Gerald Ford between his first and second quarters .
The largest for an elected president in his first year is Bill Clinton 's 11 - point slide between his first and second quarters .
In Obama 's first quarter and second quarter , his job approval average compared favorably with those of prior presidents .
But after the drop in his support during the last quarter , his average now ranks near the bottom for presidents at similar points in their presidencies .
Only Clinton had a lower third - quarter average among elected presidents .
( Gerald Ford averaged 39 % during his third quarter in office , in 1975 . )
Obama 's 53 % third - quarter average is substandard from a broader historical perspective that encompasses all 255 presidential quarters for which Gallup has data going back to 1945 .
On this basis , Obama 's most recent average ranks 144th , or in the 44th percentile , clearly below average not just for presidents ' third quarters but for all presidents .
Survey Methods
Results are based on aggregated telephone interviews with 45,987 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted July 20 through Oct. 19 , 2009 , as part of Gallup Daily tracking .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±1 percentage point .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones and cellular phones .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Crunch the numbers on the animal kingdom's sizes and shapes , and humans differ from each other far less than most species .
The reason why is a mystery .
" We do n't have an answer .
We have this interesting observation , but the explanation is an open hypothesis , " said evolutionary biologist Andrew Hendry of McGill University .
Hendry and Queens University biologist Ann McKellar combed through the scientific literature on body size and length in more than 200 species , from insects to fish to birds and , of course , humans .
In terms of sheer mass , humans variation was par for the animal course .
So was the height difference between populations — between , say , the average Maasai man and the average Australian aborigine .
But when it came to variation within a population , such as that Maasai or aboriginal village , humans had less variation than 95 percent of all the species studied .
The results were published Tuesday in Public Library of Science ONE .
Through most of human history , it seems that evolution stretched or shrunk people to fit their local environments , then rigidly enforced the size limits .
People were no taller or shorter than their neighbors .
Hendry speculates reproduction strategies may explain some of the conformity .
In species where males are usually large and fight for the chance to mate , small size can help a male sneak around the others .
Where males tend to be small and sneaky , a big one can push right through them .
Human mating habits do n't work like that .
Of course , the same holds for many other species , and they 're not as uniform as we are .
Our radical uniformity was probably useful in some way , though we 've no idea how .
Now that selection pressures are less intense , human size patterns could change , said Hendry .
Measurements used in the study came mostly from anthropologists studying traditionally isolated groups , who were often direct - line descendants of people with close ties to their natural environments .
" You had these differences in , say , the Arctic and the Kalahari , with strong selection for body size in those spaces .
But now those selective pressures have been removed .
We have heating and air conditioning , " he said .
" It 's possible that with time , humans will come to look like other animals . "
Hendry said the idea for the study came while watching bicyclists on a path outside his home , and thinking they were remarkably different in size .
The study clearly contradicted that observation .
Now he wonders how human variation stacks up in other ways .
" Are facial features in humans more or less variable than in mice , or in chimps ? " he said .
" And compared to other organisms that rely on smell or song , are we more variable in our scents , or how we sound ? "
Citation : " How Humans Differ from Other Animals in Their Levels of Morphological Variation . "
By Ann E. McKellar and Andrew P. Hendry .
PLoS ONE , September 1 , 2009 .
Image : McKay Savage
See Also :
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes , Wired Science on Twitter .
Pin Share Email 2 Shares
One financial term often used , but not always understood , is “ Marginal Tax Rate ” or Marginal Rate for short .
It ’s used so often that financial writers take its meaning for granted .
Today , let ’s look at this term , understand what it means , what it ’s not , and how we can use this information to our advantage .
Let ’s take a look at a tax rate schedule and consider a couple examples .
As a single person , you gross $ 40,000 and pay $ 4180 in federal tax .
You are in the 10 % bracket , right ?
Not so fast .
When you divide these numbers , you get 10.45 % , but this is your average rate .
Start with the $ 40,000 gross , and you first deduct $ 3,650 as your exemption , everyone gets one .
It ’s $ 3,650 you pay no tax on .
Next , to keep it simple , I ’ll assume you do not itemize .
As a single person you get a standard deduction of $ 5,700 .
I call the sum of these two numbers your “ zero bracket . ”
It ’s $ 9,350 a single person will pay no tax on .
This is subtracted from the gross $ 40,000 , and produces a taxable income of $ 30,650 .
Now , let ’s go to the table above .
The first $ 8,350 is taxed at 10 % or $ 835 , and the remaining $ 22,300 is taxed at 15 % or $ 3,345 .
So , on $ 40,000 gross income , your marginal tax rate is 15 % , even though your overall average tax is just over 10 % .
It would n’t take much more income to be taxed at a marginal 25 % , but back to the table , only the taxable amount above $ 33,950 is taxed at 25 % .
How To Use Marginal Rates To Save
Very interesting , you ’re thinking , but how can you use this to save on your taxes ?
First , being aware of your current bracket and potential future tax bracket can help you decide how to choose which retirement account method to use , the traditional 401 ( k ) or IRA , vs the Roth 401 ( k ) or Roth IRA .
Say you project you will have a taxable income this year of $ 35,000 .
The last $ 1050 is taxed at 25 % , so I ’d suggest choosing to put only that amount in a traditional pre-tax account , the rest of the retirement money should be with post tax money , taxed at only 15 % .
One more example .
Your property tax , interest on mortgage , and state income tax ( these are the three big itemized deductions ) just exceed $ 5700 , but not by much , so you fill out the schedule A to itemize , but only get $ 100 or so beyond the standard deduction .
Here ’s a way to squeeze some savings out of this situation :
In odd years , make the next year ’s January mortgage payment in December , so you ’ll have 13 months interest in that year .
Also pay an extra six months of property tax from next year .
Last , make any charitable deductions in January and December of this year .
This should increase your itemized deductions quite a bit , and in the even years , when you only pay 11 months of mortgage payments , and just 6 months property tax , you hop on the standard deduction again .
This strategy takes a little bit of effort but can result in quite a few hundred dollars in tax savings .
Any questions on marginal rates ?
Post a question , and we ’ll answer it in the comments here .
This article was written by Joe from JoeTaxpayer.com .
Pin Share Email 2 Shares
Music ( Live ) , Viral ( Homemade )
[ 2:31 - from YouTube ]
This video is part of our Viral Music : The Good , Bad , and Bizarre Spotlight
This is one of the things I love about the Internet ... talent rises to the top even faster .
With just two pencils , a camcorder , and his creativity , this young rapper named " Lyrical God " ( we 'll work on the name ) may just find himself a record deal with this inspring video .
Cities contain many people , but it is not just numbers that put strain on resources , it is the way we consume also ( Image : Duncan McKenzie / Getty )
GLOBAL population growth has slowed significantly , but it has n’t stopped .
By 2050 there may be about 35 per cent more people on Earth than there are today .
We are already seeing increasing shortages of food , water and other resources and growing numbers of hungry people .
Yet to embark on any discussion about limiting our numbers is to enter sensitive and controversial territory .
Perhaps this is not surprising , as in the 1960s , when population growth became an issue of widespread concern , the discussions often had a racist undertone , in which the “ well - off ” focused on the exploding populations of “ underdeveloped nations ” .
Nowadays it is understood that the key population - related issue is the destructive pressure human activity is exerting on our life - support systems , posing a growing threat to the sustainability of civilisation .
Of course , this is not all because of human numbers ; it also has to do with how much each of us consumes .
That ’s why , in our view , the US with its population of over 300 million and high per capita consumption should be seen as Earth ’s most overpopulated nation .
It is also why the emergence of “ new consumers ” constitutes a major additional assault on global life - support systems .
Moreover , the 2.3 billion people likely to be added to the human population by 2050 will undermine those systems much more seriously than did the previous 2.3 billion , as each additional person will , on average , have to be supported by scarcer , lower - quality resources imposing ever greater environmental costs . …
According to the American Solar Energy Society ( ASES ) and Management Information Services Inc. ( MISI ) , 4.5 million jobs will be created in the United States by 2030 if the government gets serious about tackling climate change .
The agencies released a new report today , entitled Estimating the Jobs Impact of Tackling Climate Change , in which they tally the net jobs that will be created through energy efficiency and renewable energy if the U.S. commits to reducing carbon emissions to levels necessary to ward off the disastrous effects of climate change — displacing approximately 1.2 billion tons of carbon emissions annually by the year 2030 .
These are net jobs created meaning that the findings take into account the number of jobs that will be lost as well .
The findings build on a report released by ASES in January of this year , Tackling Climate Change in the U.S. , which found that the country could keep emission levels constant through 2030 with energy efficiency measures and could make deep cuts in emission levels by implementing renewable energy technologies .
This newest report examines the number of jobs created as well as the costs associated with taking those steps .
According to the analysis , renewable energy and energy efficiency deployment costs would be revenue neutral or better , as the costs associated with energy efficiency end up saving the country more money than the costs associated with deploying renewable energy technologies — and 4.5 million jobs will be created all the while .
“ It ’s win - win - win for the country , ” said Roger Besdek of MISI .
The economy wins , the environment wins and the America people win because most of the jobs created are not those that can be outsourced , he said .
Besdek also said that many of the new jobs would not require significant additional education or training .
According to the report , the industries that are the big winners through tackling climate change are construction , professional services , farming , trucking and transport and metal fabrication , with many more industries benefitting from substantial job increases .
Brad Collins , Executive Director of ASES , said that there are three main components to jump - starting this new green economy .
The first is ready markets / incentives because this is new technology and the country will need transitional assistance to start the ball rolling .
The second is broad location incentives and potentially workforce development grants .
Third , he said that leadership is key .
The country needs strong local , state and federal leaders that have vision and want to invest in this opportunity , he said .
DaemonForums - the premier help resource for BSD !
You can search posts , read posts , and view the Wiki without registering , but to make any Wiki changes or to post any messages , please register .
Take a look at the README for forum rules and information or the FAQ for forum help and let us know how we are doing in the Feedback and Suggestions Forum !
Denise Grady , a science writer for The New York Times , recently explored the link between a recently discovered virus called XMRV and chronic fatigue syndrome , in “ Is a Virus the Cause of Fatigue Syndrome ? ”
On the Consults blog , scientists and doctors from the International Association for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome , a society of 500 biomedical and behavioral professionals , took readers ’ questions on chronic fatigue syndrome .
Here , Dr. Nancy G. Klimas , who serves on the board of directors of the organization , answers questions on the recently discovered retrovirus and clinical care of chronic fatigue syndrome .
Dr. Klimas is a director of the department of immunology of the University of Miami School of Medicine and director of research for clinical AIDS / H.I.V. research at the Miami Veterans Affairs Medical Center .
Also read Fred Friedberg ’s responses to behavior - related questions in “ Behavioral Treatments for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome . ”
Is Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Contagious ?
Q .
I ’ve had C.F.I.D.S. for 25 years .
If it is a virus , is it contagious ?
How is it transmitted ?
Now I worry about passing it on to others .
Thank you .
Nona
A .
Dr. Klimas responds :
In general , retroviruses are not spread by air or droplet but are transmitted sexually , vertically ( mother to fetus ) and by blood transfusion .
From what we have learned about other retroviruses , it is clear that the amount of virus matters , and people with low amounts of circulating virus are not as infectious as people with high levels of virus in the blood .
With XMRV , the retrovirus recently found in many patients with chronic fatigue syndrome , we do not have enough information to judge how infectious it might be .
Whenever the possibility of sexual transmission comes up , people worry that they are in some way responsible for infecting sexual partners .
While this is possible , it is important to remember that many infections can come from exposures between great - great - grandparents and maintained for generations as latent infections , or as infections from early experiences of any sexual partner in a chain of partners .
We know that it is very unusual for both partners to develop chronic fatigue syndrome , or C.F.S .
And while mother - to - child C.F.S. can happen , it is unusual .
It is clear that there are a number of factors that increase the risk for C.F.S. : genetics , immune function , severity of inciting infection — to name a few .
Just being exposed to , or even infected with , a virus does not mean that a person will become ill .
We do n’t even know if infection with the XMRV virus actually causes illness , or if it one of several associated reactivated viruses ( like HHV - 6 , EBV and enterovirus ) .
It important not to take these new findings about the XMRV virus as anything more than an exciting new development .
We need confirmatory studies , then studies to see if the virus is contributing to the cause of illness persistence and symptoms .
The good news is that if XMRV is linked to C.F.S. , there are many antiviral drugs that have already been safety tested in H.I.V. that may inhibit viral replication .
So those studies could be designed very rapidly
Is There a Blood Test for the C.F.S. Virus ?
Q .
Is there a specific test , blood or other , to determine whether a person is infected with the XMRV virus ?
Beau Brincefield
A .
Dr. Klimas responds :
The test for XMRV that has been reported is currently used only in research settings .
The research director of the Whittemore Peterson Institute , which was involved in the recent findings , was quoted as saying they were developing a commercial assay that they expected to be available “ within weeks . ”
Several other commercial laboratories are also developing assays .
Some important points :
First , antibody tests mean you have been exposed to a virus and do not tell you actually have an active infection .
Second , a technique known as P.C.R. assays measures something called “ viral load , ” and the assay is designed to measure either active replicating virus or latent ( inactive ) virus .
Either measure would be helpful with this new virus , but we do n’t have access to them except in research settings .
Another way to see if you are infected is with viral cultures .
The recent study published in Science used both cultures and P.C.R. assays .
Exercise and Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
Q .
I used to be very active and used to love playing sports .
Then I was hit with some sort of infection .
Eventually , after going to different doctors and health professionals , I was finally diagnosed with C.F.S .
I ’m finding it easier to cope now .
I try to have rest periods during the day .
I would love to play sports again , but I just so feel so ill after I try and my muscles feel so sore .
Have you any advice ?
Should I push through and go back to playing sports ?
I ’m finding it tough enough as it is keeping up with college and the normal walking you have to do .
I do n’t want to drop out of college .
Pat
A .
Dr. Klimas responds :
Most C.F.S. patients do better if they break up their exercise into short segments , take brief rest periods and then try again .
Certainly pushing through can cause “ crashes ” and relapses that can last days , even weeks .
So I tell my patients the five - minute rule : five minutes of exercise , then five minutes lying flat , then five more minutes — increasing their exercise by five - minute increments .
If you can already tolerate more exercise than this , then try going that far , taking a break , then trying another round .
Also , C.F.S. patients tolerate flexibility and resistance exercise ( stretching and weight training ) better than aerobics .
Because C.F.S. patients are prone to blood pressure drops while exercising , they usually tolerate aerobic training best while in a flat position — swimming , recumbent bicycling , that sort of thing .
Can I Volunteer for a Study ?
Q .
I ’d like to second Post No. 25 and ask when and how one could volunteer to be part of a drug trial ?
Please help us .
Sally
A .
Dr. Klimas responds :
There are drug trials and other studies under way all around the United States and the globe looking at this illness and its possible treatments .
Investigators at the Whittemore Peterson Institute and elsewhere are already planning antiviral trails based on this exciting research development .
I would watch three Web sites in particular — the International Association for CFS / ME , the CFIDS Association of America , and the Whittemore Peterson Institute for Neuro - Immune Disease for more developments .
Was a C.F.S. Virus Discovered Years Ago ?
Q .
Back in the early 1990s , Dr. Elaine DeFreitas at the Wistar Institute in Philadelphia discovered a novel human retrovirus ( very closely related to HTLV 2 , with Spuma - viruslike aspects ) in C.F.I.D.S. patients .
This was subsequently confirmed by two other prominent researchers ( and a commercial laboratory ) .
Dr. DeFreitas was almost done sequencing its genes and published a meticulous paper in a top journal .
Then the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Institutes of Health intentionally destroyed her reputation because it did not mesh with their vigorous assertions that C.F.I.D.S. was psychoneurosis .
No one else has followed this up for fear that their career might likewise be destroyed .
This was all detailed in the amazing book “ Osler ’s Web . ”
Is this the same virus as the “ novel ” XMRV ?
Justin Reilly
A .
Dr. Klimas responds :
Dr. DeFreitas was doing exciting work and should be congratulated for her early results suggesting retroviral infection in C.F.S.
Since that time , technology has advanced in a dramatic way , giving investigators new tools to search for viruses that were yet to be identified in 1990 - 92 , including the XMRV virus .
New antiviral drugs have also been developed that could potentially be effective in controlling this sort of infection .
We also have a much stronger understanding of these drugs ’ toxicity and safe use .
I congratulate the Whittemore Peterson Institute researchers for their diligent work .
I am also very happy for Elaine today .
I would also ask patients to be patient a little bit longer so that researchers can devise and perform the sort of clinical trials that will let us know if this virus is the linchpin in continued illness .
Links Between H.I.V. and XRMV ?
Q .
I found the comparison to H.I.V. ( all because it happens to be another retrovirus ) to be alarmist , unnecessary and at worst , the kind of sensualist factoid reporting that ’s more typical of a tabloid !
From what I gather … the link between the two is weak and general at best .
What angers me is that the comparison to H.I.V. is completely out of context ; there are many retroviruses that are not known to cause any pathologies at all – comparing it to the one that is most well known and feared is simplistic and quite simply wrong .
We should not forget that retroviruses have been common through out human history , and while some do not cause disease at all , most are nowhere near as extreme as H.I.V .
To compare the virus to H.I.V. is to create undue alarm and suffering to people who are already dealing with a difficult disease .
Not only is the comparison useless outside its context , it does nothing to provide useful information to the reader .
I ask that you think of the moral consequences of your sloppy comparison — the horror and anguish of those that might have thought that it might be as debilitating as H.I.V. , as well as the dread of the thought of potentially passing it on to another person .
David
A .
Dr. Klimas responds :
You make a good point .
This is one study , the results needs to be validated , then the next study will look at treatment options .
And you are right , some retroviruses are seemingly benign , whereas others are pathogens .
But I hope you are not saying that C.F.S. patients are not as ill as H.I.V. patients .
My H.I.V. patients for the most part are hale and hearty thanks to three decades of intense and excellent research and billions of dollars invested .
Many of my C.F.S. patients , on the other hand , are terribly ill and unable to work or participate in the care of their families .
I split my clinical time between the two illnesses , and I can tell you if I had to choose between the two illnesses ( in 2009 ) I would rather have H.I.V .
But C.F.S. , which impacts a million people in the United States alone , has had a small fraction of the research dollars directed towards it .
Despite these limitations , there has been considerable effort to understand the cause and develop effective treatments .
The Whittemore Peterson Institute should be congratulated for its outstanding work , performed in a brand new center paid for with private donations , state money and N.I.H. collaboration .
Creative research and creative financing !
Is Sleep a Factor in Chronic Fatigue Syndrome ?
Q .
Do you think sleep could be a factor in C.F.S. ?
Have you heard of Xyrem being used to facilitate Stage 4 , deep sleep ?
Most everyone with fibro and / or C.F.S. report of not being able to sleep deeply — to have restorative sleep .
We are all anxiously waiting for help in this lifetime .
So many years have been lost to these illnesses .
Abot Bensussen
A .
Dr. Klimas responds :
There is a clinical trial under way to study the effects of Xyrem , a medication used to treat sleep disorders like narcolepsy , in fibromyalgia .
Certainly , getting restorative sleep is a good thing , and slow wave sleep is key to restorative sleep .
A sleep expert can help with this part of treatment , but it is important to have a sleep study done before considering any sleep inducers .
In a study by my group , we found that about half of C.F.S. patients develop some level of sleep apnea over time , a treatable condition that could be worsened with some sleep medications .
The router is one of the most versatile tools in any woodworking shop no matter how big or small it may be but the table we are about to build today was designed with the small shop in mind because it has a footprint of 28â€  X 28â€ .
A router table is essential when working with small work pieces i.e. making picture frames as well as when working with larger work pieces .
In many situations a hand held router will just not do the job adequately .
When it comes to working with small work pieces working with them on a table mounted router is also safer .
I actually have this router table in my shop and it has never failed to meet my needs .
The plans and instructions for building it are compliments of Woodplans and I have included the link the downloadable pdf file here .
This table is relatively inexpensive to build but I did make a few changes to the one I built and I will concentrate on those changes here .
The router plate insert is one of the most important parts of any router table and although the one shown in the plans is functional it didnâ€™t have some things that most users consider basic and essential I substituted a deluxe acrylic plate that allows the use of zero clearance rings and starting pivot pins that I purchased from Router Table Depot .
Zero Clearance
Rings are rings that slip into the inserts center opening keeping the space between the router bit and the edge of the opening to almost zero .
This is extremely important when routing very small pieces because it keeps them from slipping down in the hole between the rotating bit and the plate .
There are several different diameter Zero Clearance Rings that you use in combination to adjust the size of the opening for different diameter router bits .
Starting Pivot Pins slip into predrilled holes in the plate and Zero Clearance Rings that act as starting pilot bearings when routing curved surfaces .
Routing curved surfaces can be done free hand but it can be done much more quickly and much more accurately when Starting Pins are employed .
If you do use a different insert plate then the one shown in the plans make sure you use the template that comes with the plate to route the recess in the table top to fit the plate .
These plates are also custom plates that allow you to drill the mounting holes for the router that you will be using so they are one plate fits all deals whereas most plates come predrilled to fit specific make and model routers .
In order to make the table easier to move and store out the way when not being used , I also mounted locking casters on the bottom of the cabinet .
I simply framed the bottom with 2X4 stock to provide a good mounting for the casters .
The plastic laminate used on the top can be found at most home centers but one of the best sources for small pieces of laminate is Wilsonart Plastic Laminate .
If you want some additional information on working with plastic laminate check out my factoid on that subject .
Moose - lovers , Obama supporters and NHS fans are unlikely to be reaching for their wallets , but admirers of a certain Republican former vice - presidential candidate and erstwhile governor of Alaska can now snap up their fantasy soirée for the modest sum of $ 25,000 ( about £ 15,250 ) .
In a show of support for a US veterans ' charity , Sarah Palin and husband Todd are offering five guests the opportunity to have " an intimate supper " with them .
Aside from having to bid for the prize through an online auction , the only catch is that the lucky winners must pay their own way to the meal , probably to be held in Palin 's hometown of Wasilla , Alaska .
The 10 - day auction , in aid of the Ride 2 Recovery programme , which supports wounded veterans through cycling schemes , begins on eBay on Tuesday .
The charity describes the dinner as " the chance of a lifetime to experience an evening with Governor Sarah Palin " , adding : " She is , quite simply , one of the most talked about people in the US , and she and Todd will sit down with you and up to four of your friends for dinner . "
Those who can't quite match the $ 25,000 opening bid need not want for food nor staunchly Republican company .
Lunch for three with Karl Rove – " the ' architect ' of President Bush 's 2000 and 2004 campaigns " – is also on offer , with starting bids of just $ 7,500 .
Once again , there is a degree of inflexibility about the venue .
Lunch , the charity says , " will be provided by famous , 4 - star restaurant , Bobby Van 's Steakhouse in Washington DC " .
There , the three winners can gently probe Bush 's former deputy chief of staff as they pore over a menu featuring prime porterhouse steak ( $ 42.50 a person ; minimum two people ) , roasted garlic mashed potatoes ( $ 7 ) , and Sonoma Coast pinot noir ( $ 99 a bottle ) .
If dinner with either Republican titan looks overpriced , consider the individual who forked out $ 2.1 m for a charity lunch with financial guru Warren Buffett last year .
The official Xbox magazine tells us that Valve would like to be able to distribute user - created mods for the Xbox version of Left 4 Dead 2 , and pass the money back to their creators .
This could change the way small mod teams work and could actually earn them a littlebit back for their hard work .
“ One of the things I ’m thinking about is how we work within that [ Xbox Live ] system , ” said Valve ’s Yasser Mailaka , “ and one of the things I ’d like to do is to allow these modules that are being released on PC to somehow integrate with Microsoft ’s system . ”
“ We ’ll have to filter them , we ca n’t allow any copyrighted materials , so it ’s going to have to go through a process .
But we ’re hoping perhaps we can shepherd the really popular campaigns onto 360 .
And you know , if they are a paid system , perhaps that could go back to the authors .
I think that would be a great story . ”
We are so inured to the commercialisation of everything in the consumerland they call America that we hardly notice any more when shows that are meant to entertain – or educate and inform – are also vehicles for purchase - persuasion .
Yes , yes , so the news reader is drinking McDonald 's iced coffee this evening .
So ?
So , after the sports part of the bulletin is over , we are meant to jump thirsty into our Buick cross-over car ( the model we fell in love with sometime during the last Desperate Housewives season ) and head to the nearest Mickey - D for a large helping of said beverage ourselves .
But we would not do that , would we ?
Well , maybe we would , which is why product - placing on American television shows has been big business for years .
Or product integration , some call it .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Nielsen Media Research , which puts out the daily audience rating numbers , shows there were 117,976 such placements on programmes on the top 11 US TV channels in the first quarter of last year .
That 's a lot of not - so - subtle glimpses of Coca - Cola and Heineken cans .
( No , The Independent is not raking in extra cash for the brands mentioned in this short article , but maybe it should be . )
Heineken is among many companies to have negotiated placement deals with the highly successful Mad Men , which , as it happens , is all about an advertising agency .
Its lead fellow is Don Draper and he is a very cool cat .
Who would not want him imbibing their brew ?
Cadillac , London Fog and US Airways have also done deals with the producers of Mad Men , although it features a New York of decades ago .
Once in a while , people object .
When those newscasters – in Las Vegas – took to their desks with the McDonald 's iced coffee last year , there was a brouhaha .
But the deal went ahead anyway after producers promised they would be removed if a news story about McDonald 's should come up .
The brown liquid in the plastic cups was not coffee anyway , but a chemical concoction that would preserve the ice .
Tasty .
Parenthetically Speaking ( with Kent M. Pitman )
Parenthetically Speaking expresses opinions and analysis about the Lisp family of languages .
Except as explicitly indicated otherwise , the opinions expressed are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official positions of any organization or company with which the author is affiliated .
Kent M. Pitman can be reached via the Internet by sending email .
Index of Articles
Copyright © 1997 Kent M. Pitman .
All rights reserved .
† A 2011 translation of “ More Than Just Words ” into Belorussian by Galina Miklosic is available .
Click here to read it .
