The Pentagon ’s top officer said the military cannot continue to do the bulk of the heavy lifting overseas , and it ’s time for the State Department and other agencies to step up .
Adm . Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said Wednesday evening that there are limits to American military power and diplomatic efforts must be just as important if not more so .
But despite recognition of this , the military has become the default for American foreign policy .
“ It ’s one thing to be able and willing to serve as emergency responders , quite another to always have to be the fire chief , ” Mullen said in prepared remarks at Kansas State University .
Time to invest in other departments
Citing a speech delivered by President Obama late last year , Mullen said it ’s time to invest in other departments , such as homeland security , intelligence , and the State Department , whose budget pales compared to massive Pentagon funding .
“ My fear , quite frankly , is that we are n’t moving fast enough in this regard , ” he said .
“ US foreign policy is still too dominated by the military , too dependent upon the generals and admirals who lead our major overseas commands and not enough on the State Department . ”
As critical as the admiral ’s remarks appeared to be , he ’s not the first one to make them .
Mullen is reinforcing an appeal that his boss , Defense Secretary Robert Gates , made when he appeared at the same lecture series at Kansas State University in 2007 .
Mr. Gates told the audience that there are limits to American military power , and that agencies such as State and USAID must be resourced properly .
He highlighted the lopsidedness of how Congress funds the defense and state departments .
Pentagon budget much larger than State's
This year , for example , the proposed Defense Department budget is $ 708 billion , and that does not include all war costs .
The State Department ’s proposed budget , on the other hand , is approximately $ 52 billion and that includes funding for overseas development efforts conducted by USAID .
One former USAID official agreed with Mullen ’s premise .
He said part of the problem is that an agency like USAID does n’t have the bureaucratic instincts to demand more money from Congress .
And even if it did , it lacks the capacity to handle the additional funding to hire the kind of qualified people with development experience that the US needs to deploy overseas .
“ They ca n’t handle it , ” said the former official .
“ They do n’t have the professional capacity in their staff to manage that level of money . ”
While Gates and Mullen stopped short of recommending that Congress cut his own department ’s budget in favor of State ’s , their call for a more balanced resourcing of foreign policy is causing some policymakers and lawmakers to begin rethinking the status quo .
But it could take years before Congress really gets the message .
The culture within non-military agencies must change , too , say experts .
State , Agriculture , Justice , and even the FBI need to become more “ expeditionary ” in nature – willing to send their agents to dangerous places with little infrastructure and change security regulations that can make it difficult for civilians to work in conflict zones .
Generational differences
“ The scope and scale of the change required is probably generational , ” says John Nagl , president of the Center for a New American Security , a think tank in Washington and a former Army officer who specialized in counterinsurgency .
“ That does n’t mean we do n’t start now . ”
Non-military agencies already send personnel to war zones and to other countries , but it can be difficult to get volunteers from agencies whose cultures cling to antiquated views of how the US engages overseas .
The US sees a need to spend more resources in Africa , for example , to help development efforts in many countries , build military capacity within those governments , and help prevent some regions from giving terrorist networks cover to operate .
For now , the military steps into a void .
US Africa Command was created in 2007 to help advance some of these interests .
But Africans have been wary , seeing it as the militarization of American foreign policy .
“ It ’s hard to see our way out of this , given that it ’s highly unlikely that you ’ll get an influx of money and resources going into the State Department , ” says Richard Downie , a fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , a think tank in Washington .
“ People have been talking about this for a long time . ”
Mr. Downie , who participates in the organization ’s Africa program , noted that the US needs more resources to engage effectively overseas , including Africa .
“ More resources are needed , full stop , ” he says .
Online fraudsters are committing more crime in the UK , but it seems their targets may no longer be directly based on immediate financial gain .
A new YouGov survey , commissioned by internet infrastructure company VeriSign , showed that while 11 per cent of the UK population had been victims of online ID fraud in the past year , there was a 12 per cent rise in the number that did not suffer financial loss .
In addition , the average monetary damage suffered by the victim had fallen by 24 per cent to 352 .
VeriSign believes these results indicated an increase in victims suffering from identity theft or " less immediately tangible losses , " linked to rising cyber attacks in email or social networking sites .
Phil D'Angio , director at VeriSign , said in a statement : " While online ID theft may not necessarily result in immediate financial loss , web users need to remember that fraudsters can farm email and social networking sites for information which enables them to impersonate you online . "
" Alternatively they could sell your information to other cyber criminals who want to use your details for criminal purposes . "
However , the attitude of British online shoppers was positively aware , with 82 per cent of the survey 's respondents claiming they only ever used enhanced security websites when transacting online and sought out sites with security symbols proving their authenticity .
Dr. Franklin is a frequent reviewer of books and movies .
Browse her reviews here .
If you find a review helpful , please give positive feedback .
( Click on " Permalink " and then on " Yes , " this review was helpful . )
" It may still be a man 's world .
But it is no longer in any way a boy's . "
-- Michelle Conlin , " The New Gap , " the cover story in Business Week , May 26 , 2003
My first two posts were humorous ( writing is an important part of my life ) , but this one is not .
It ’s about a problem that still has n’t hit a tipping point , even though the data made it pretty obvious nearly two decades ago .
It involves a huge segment of our population : Young males .
In case you have n’t noticed , America ’s boys and young men are in trouble – not doing well in school , lacking ambition , often floundering .
Not all of them , of course , but enough to take notice .
There 's more and more in the news lately about the trouble America 's boys are in ( “ crisis ” was the term used in a Newsweek cover story in 2006 ) .
As a psychologist with a longstanding interest in gender issues , I have been aware of and upset by this for many years .
( And I will freely admit that an important motivator for me is the fact that I have three sons and three grandsons . )
What has disturbed me even more has been the response I have often received when I ’ve mentioned this issue to female friends over the years .
Either they have been unaware of it , surprised to hear that males in college are a distinct minority – now down to 43 percent of college undergraduates -- or they have said something like , So what ?
You guys had your turn , now it 's ours .
Aside from the fact that this attitude is blatantly anti-child and anti-youth , since it absolutely denies the aspirations of half our children , it is bad for today 's girls and young women too .
As New York Times columnist John Tierney – among others – has pointed out , high achieving women want even higher achieving men as partners , and these men are in ever shorter supply http://select.nytimes.com/2006/01/03/opinion/03tierney.html.
Yes , there have been numerous articles and opeds in newspapers since Conlin ’s piece , other magazine cover stories , and TV specials ( on 60 Minutes and PBS ) , but there has been no “ boys ’ movement ” with anything close to the impact of the national efforts to help girls that grew out of the modern women ’s movement .
Even today , when someone writes about the way boys are lagging behind girls , he or she often talks about it as if it just started happening .
For example , in a Times oped piece published on March 27 of this year , Nicholas Kristof , who has written extensively on the problems of girls and women in developing countries , says :
“ Around the globe , it ’s mostly girls who lack educational opportunities .
Even in the United States , many people still associate the educational “ gender gap ” with girls left behind in math .
“ Yet these days , the opposite problem has snuck up on us :
In the United States and other western countries alike , it ’s mostly boys who are faltering in school .
The latest surveys show that American girls on the average have roughly achieved parity with boys in math .
Meanwhile , girls are well ahead of boys in verbal skills , and they just seem to try harder . ”
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/03/28/opinion/28kristof.html
I must admit that when I read this , and saw the words “ snuck up on us , ” my immediate reaction was “ Where have you been ? ”
For anyone who cared to look at the data – and for millions of parents of sons – the problem was already there close to two decades ago .
How has this " new gender gap " come to be and what can we do about it ?
There are lots of theories about its causes , including absent fathers , schools geared more to girls than boys , brain differences between the sexes , boys ' obsession with videogames and so on .
But because no one has ever launched a major study , it 's all still speculation .
But it ’s very easy to point to something that has let the problem grow to the point where even the most ardent feminist may find it hard to ignore : Caring about boys and young men -- as a social group -- is not something liberals do .
At least they have n't , right up to this day .
I 'm a liberal , but my primary professional allegiance is to the truth , especially as expressed by solid data .
In this case , a truth dovetails with my primary concern , period : my family , the human beings who , along with my wife , I love most in this world : my three grown children and their three kids – all males !
I first became aware of data showing boys falling behind girls in school in the early 1990s , when the youngest of my sons was turning 10 .
I wrote letters urging the college at which I taught not to join in on the new " Take Our Daughters to Work " bandwagon ( which started in 1993 ) , but rather to make it " Take Our Children to Work . "
I presented the data , but not one person on the nine - member committee even responded to me .
I went to a conference in 1994 where David Sadker , coauthor of the then newly published Failing at Fairness : How America 's Schools Cheat Girls , was the keynote speaker , and I raised my hand to say that I was confused , since the data was showing that it was boys who were having more trouble in school than girls .
I was derided by Sadker and given no support whatever from anyone else in the audience of a hundred .
Am I crazy , I thought ?
Is there something I do n't know ?
No , I was n't crazy , but there was something I did n't know .
I did n't know that when it came to gender issues , political correctness was more important than data .
Always a staunch supporter of feminism , I was stuck .
There was my " genetic " liberalism on the one hand ( when you 're born to middle - class Jewish parents in Brooklyn in 1942 , you 're pretty much a liberal from birth ) , but there were my beautiful children on the other , children who were part of a group clearly falling behind and being ignored by my left - wing compatriots .
But how could I join Christina Hoff Sommers , whose 2000 book , The War Against Boys had data I had been writing about for years , but who had infuriated feminists with her earlier book ( Who Stole Feminism ? : How Women Have Betrayed Women ) and ultimately left Clark University to join the conservative American Enterprise Institute ?
I still consider myself a liberal , but watching the struggles of my own children , and hearing about the problems of my friends ' sons , not to mention seeing data which grows more definitive every year , how can I ignore this ?
To me , liberals try to right wrongs , and that 's why when it comes to race , , , and yes , directed at women , I 'm there .
But right now , where our young people are concerned , males need to be a major focus -- not just their emotional development , which has been a liberal concern for years -- but how they do in school .
This will take efforts not only in schools , but at home and in communities .
But most of all , it will take liberals joining in , whether they have sons or daughters .
Ultimately , a cohort of undereducated and low - achieving men in a world of educated and high - achieving women sounds like a recipe for social disaster , one couple ( or single male ) at a time .
I can't see myself joining people with whom I disagree sharply on almost all other social issues , so I can't see somehow becoming a conservative to help my sons , my grandsons , and young males across the country .
But I can't stand feeling so alone either ; so all I can do is urge my fellow liberals to make this part of their agenda too .
Maybe boys have n't been the victims of laws and obvious - isms , but , as a group , they have been the victims of , at very least , neglect , and they need help from across the political spectrum .
I remember a moment a few years ago when I was at my old department offices at the nearby college , and was talking to a colleague a few years younger than me .
He was getting somewhat well - known for work in his field , one which is much less controversial .
When I mentioned how the issue of boys and their problems in school was now finally getting some national , years after I became very interested in the topic , he said , " You were edge . "
That does n't sound conservative , does it ?
But a little while later , after we talked about his soon - to - be - published book , he said , " Maybe you should collaborate with one of those right - wing blonde women who appear on Fox News . "
I think things have changed somewhat since that conversation , but on the list of liberal causes , the “ boy problem ” is barely on the radar screen .
Maybe a new book by Richard Whitmire ( cited by Kristof ) , will help .
It ’s called Why Boys Fail , and , as Kristof says , it has “ mountains of evidence ” showing how boys are lagging behind girls in school .
I hope my fellow liberals read it .
The time has more than come .
Email Communications
We want to stay in touch , but only in ways that you find helpful .
Please check the box ( es ) below for the types of information you do not want to receive and click " Submit . "
This change will take 7 to 10 days to take effect .
How to install Japanese typing software ,
MS - IME for Windows and KOTOERI for MAC
How to type Japanese words in Hiragana How to type Japanese words in Katakana How to type Japanese words in Kanji
Here ’s a brief yet concise summary of why the U.S. invaded Iraq .
Linkage :
Kevin Smith Owned By Gym Sign – Celebrity Odor
Best Damn Craigslist Ad Ever – Ned Hardy
Gigantic Gallery of Star Wars Cakes – Unreality Mag
Lindsay Lohan in her bra and panties – Nudography
Tightest Pants Ever of the Day – Drunken Ninja
Epic Beard Man ’s Post Fight Interview –
Megan Fox And Her Nipples
In W Magazine – Celebrity Ninja
Doutzen Kroes & Alessandra Ambrosio – Guyism
Hot compilation of Kate Beckinsale pics – F - Listed
Kim Kardashian and her huge ass out and about – Don Chavez
Keri Russell still looking hot as ever – Epic Carnival
Heidi Montag ’s new big boobs in a tank top – HQ - Celebrity
Adriana Lima Hanging In A Bikini – Pick Me Up News
Men's Hockey |
3/26/2010 6:16:00 PM
Adam Hartley ( West Vancouver , British Columbia / Surrey Eagles )
Stevan Matic ( Burnaby , British Columbia )
Tyler Mazzei ( Kelowna , British Columbia )
Goaltender ## tied a career - high with 39 saves , as the No. 4 RIT men 's hockey team ( 27 - 11 - 1 ) secured a dramatic , 2 - 1 win over the top- seeded Denver Pioneers ( 27 - 10 - 4 ) on Friday in the NCAA Regional Semifinal at the Times Union Center .
RIT won its first NCAA contest as a Division I program and tied a team record with its 11th straight win .
The Tigers will play New Hampshire in the NCAA Regional Championship at 6:30 p.m. Saturday .
The winner of the game advances to the NCAA Frozen Four in Detroit from April 8 - 10 .
DeMichiel was sensational in net for the Tigers , stopping 11 shots in the first period , 15 in the second , and 13 in the final frame .
Many of his saves came in sensational fashion , as he stifled one of the top offenses in the country .
He also broke the RIT Division I record for wins in a career by a goaltender , with his 40th , surpassing ## , who played from 2005 - 09.and # scored for the Tigers , who had their streak of games with at least three goals snapped at 16 , but came up with their biggest win as a Division I program .
The No. 2 nationally ranked Pioneers are the highest ranked team that RIT has beaten in five seasons .
Burt gave RIT the all - important 2 - 0 lead with 7:24 left in regulation , as he took a feed from ## also assisted in the goal .
Burt leads the team with 46 points ( 16 -30 - 46 ) and has 28 points ( 7- 21 - 28 ) over his last 14 games .
Ringwald eclipsed his career - high by netting his 35th point of the season .
Favot now has 42 points .
Denver cut the Tiger lead to one on a power - play goal of their own , as Joe Colborne slipped home a rebound off a blocked shot with 5:26 left .
From there , the Tiger defense stiffened , allowing very little in the way of quality chances for the Pioneers .
## won the last three face - offs of the game for RIT , helping secure the win .
Denver out - shot RIT , 40 - 24 .
The 40 shots allowed by RIT are the most in a game this season by opponent .
Cheverie made 22 saves for the Pioneers .
The Tigers have allowed just 14 goals in their last 11 games .
They have outscored their foes 47 - 14 during the streak .
The 14 goals allowed are the fewest allowed over a 11 - game stretch .
RIT 's power - play scored once on two attempts .
They have scored a power - play goal in 15 straight games .
RIT is 26 - for - 94 during that stretch .
The Tiger penalty - killing unit killed off two of three Denver power - plays .
RIT is now 18 - 3 - 0 since Jan. 8 , and 12 - 1 - 0 since Feb .
1 . The 11 straight wins tie a team record set from Dec. 6 , 2008 to Feb.
6 , 2009 .RIT
Head Coachwas ecstatic with the way his team played and how they were able to keep the dangerous Pioneers off balance .
“ I thought we played very well against a tremendous opponent ( Denver ) , “ said Wilson .
“ I thought our guys were able to battle and Jared ( DeMichiel ) played tremendous .
We just keep playing extremely well .
I am very proud of what we have accomplished .
” Both teams came out in a defensive mode over the first few minutes .
Tanev drew first blood for the Tigers , 5:02 in , intercepting a Denver clearing attempt at the line , walking in and snapping a shot past Cheverie to the far side , making it 1 - 0 Tigers .
The goal was Tanev 's 10th of the season , giving RIT three defensemen with a least 10 goals this season along with Ringwald , and ## .
Denver came right back with a great chance a minute after Tanev 's goal .
Brian Gifford had a point - blank chance from the slot that DeMichiel denied with a nifty glove save .
RIT had two straight golden chances to go up 2 - 0 .
After DeMichiel made a big save in his end , #and # came in on a 2 - on - 1 .
Murphy 's shot from the right face - off circle was stopped by Cheverie , with the rebound hopping over Matic 's stick .
Moments later , ## found Favot in close with a cross-ice feed .
Favot tried to deke Cheverie , but the Hobey Baker Finalist held his ground and made the save .
Denver held an 11 - 9 advantage in shots after 20 minutes of play .
Denver applied plenty of pressure and held the distinct edge in play over the middle stanza , but DeMichiel and RIT defense held off the onslaught and maintained its one goal lead .
DeMichiel had to come up with a handful of huge saves during the period , including one on Matt Donovan late in the period .
DeMichiel came out nearly 20 feet out to swallow up Donovan 's drive from the point .
RIT had its fair share of chances in the period , as RIT 's aggressive but patient approach forced several odd - man rushes .
## was denied by Cheverie on a 2 - on - 1 break , while Burt had goal - mouth feed for Murphy snuffed out by a sliding Pioneers defenseman .
DeMichiel was the story in the third period , throwing aside all but one shot Denver threw at him .
In a wild turn of events midway through the frame , DeMichiel made an amazing kick save on Kyle Ostrow off a deflection in front .
The rebound came to the Tigers who attempted a clear that slipped past a Pioneers defensemen .
The puck came right to Matic at center ice , who had Murphy streaking , causing a 2 - on - 0 break .
Matic fed Murphy driving to the goal , but Murphy slipped the pass wide and over the goal .
RIT reached the NCAA Tournament after winning the Atlantic Hockey Championship last weekend .
RIT defeated Canisius in the AHA Semifinal , 4 - 0 , and trounced Sacred Heart 6 - 1 in the AHA Championship .
Today 's contest was the first meeting between the two schools .
RIT did face Minnesota State , a member of the WCHA earlier in the season .
RIT dropped both games on the road , 6 - 1 on Jan. 1 and 3 - 0 on Jan. 2.RIT is now 9 - 3 all - time in the postseason at the Division I level .
They have scored at least four goals in nine of the 12 contests .
It is the second straight season and third in the last five years that an Atlantic Hockey Association team has advanced to the NCAA Regional Championship .
No .
3 New Hampshire scored five unanswered goals en route to a 6 - 2 win over No. 2 Cornell in the second NCAA East Regional Semifinal .
Dagens Nyheter
Expressen
Sydsvenska Dagbladet
STOCKHOLM —
At least three Swedish newspapers on Wednesday published a cartoon depicting the Prophet Muhammad with the body of a dog after an alleged plot to murder the artist who created it was uncovered in Ireland .
The controversial drawing by Swedish artist Lars Vilks was printed in Stockholm papersandand the Malmo daily Irish authorities on Tuesday detained four men and three women suspected of involvement in an alleged plot to kill Vilks .
Irish police said Wednesday those arrested were two Algerians , two Libyans , a Palestinian , a Croatian and an American woman married to one of the Algerian suspects .
They were not identified by name .
Sydsvenska Dagbladet said it printed the drawing as part of its news coverage of the alleged plot .
Expressen said it printed it for its news value and to take a stance for the freedom of speech .
Dagens Nyheter said in an editorial that " Vilks does n't stand alone in this conflict .
A threat against him is , in the long term , also a threat against all Swedes .
" Vilks has faced several death threats since the drawing was first printed by a Swedish newspaper in 2007 , a year after separate cartoons of Muhammad in a Danish newspaper sparked furious protests in Muslim nations .
Al - Qaida put a $ 100,000 bounty on his head .
Islamic law generally opposes any depiction of the prophet , even favorable , for fear it could lead to idolatry .
Vilks said Wednesday he was n't sure whether to take the alleged plot seriously .
" Not until all the cards are on the table .
I 'm sure they have plans , but the question is how far they can go , " he told The Associated Press by telephone .
Vilks said it was possible he was also being targeted by an Americanwoman accused by US authorities of recruiting jihadist fighters online .
Colleen R. LaRose had discussions her alleged plans with at least oneof the suspects apprehended in Ireland , according to a US official whospoke on condition of anonymity because the official was n't authorizedto discuss details of the investigation .
Sweden 's security police , SAPO , declined to comment on whether the cases in Ireland and the US were linked to Vilks .
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
Latest NASA crossroads is familiar territory for space
BY CRAIG COVAULT
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : February 5 , 2010
President Barack Obama 's cancellation of NASA 's plan to renew manned lunar missions , the completion of major assembly milestones on the International Space Station and the imminent termination of the shuttle flights form a nexus from which to view a previous space juncture that also had profound implications for the U.S. space program .
That is the decision by President Richard M. Nixon to approve the reusable space shuttle , at the same time terminating NASA planning for a post - Apollo manned Mars program that NASA says would have required in - orbit support by a far more massive space station than the 6 - person 800,000 lb. ISS currently in operation .
In researching NASA / White House coordination of these critical post - Apollo decisions , Spaceflight Now uncovered planning documents that show NASA was seeking Nixon 's approval of a gigantic 100 - astronaut space station to support initial manned flights to Mars as early as 1985 .
NASA 's Mars mission support station in Earth Orbit would had had several multi-floor plans .
This would be the 1975 configuration with 15 astronauts .
It was to grow to 100 crew members by 1980 .
Credit : NASA / Marshall Space Flight Center
Planning for such an enormously expensive and complex station , that never came to be , shows how ambitious ( and often naive ) NASA has been in planning the return of astronauts to the Moon and the use of a massive Earth orbit station to configure their ships for Mars .
After 40 years of flawed NASA overtures to seven U.S. Presidents , and 21 sessions of Congress , it is now President Barack Obama 's turn to judge the merits of a new manned lunar or Mars program that NASA hopes will recapture the magic of Apollo .
But as the late George M. Low , Apollo spacecraft program manager , said somberly at the time , " There never will be another Apollo . "
The Obama Administration 's NASA Fiscal 2011 budget is forcing the space agency to abandon antiquated " Apollo- era thinking " that in the view of White House officials has foiled manned planning for operations beyond low Earth orbit for 40 years .
But unlike under Nixon years , the Obama White House is striving to make any new lunar and Mars decisions more relevant to overall national space technology needs as part of a well thought out Obama space policy .
The legacy of the 100 - man station will remain , however , with the assembly significant space - based infrastructure in the form of propellant tank farms , etc. , to fuel missions bound for the Moon and beyond .
Tradeoffs for an operational U.S. space station that would follow Apollo are well known .
The fact that it was to grow from about 12 astronauts in 1975 to a crew complement of 100 astronauts to aid Mars mission departures has been lost to history for the last four decades .
NASA was seeking support for an Earth orbit space station far larger than the current ISS .
Multiple sections of the giant station were to be launched by uprated two - stage versions of the Saturn V moon rocket with third stages configured as a furnished station module .
The challenge of building and operating a 100 - astronaut station by 1980 would have been magnitudes more expensive than building the current ISS that will essentially finish this week with STS - 130 , the 32nd shuttle mission to the ISS over the last 10 years .
Mars lander with crew heads for the surface as nuclear - powered Mars transfer stage orbits over Martian volcano Olympus Mons .
Credit : Pat Rawlings / SAIC for NASA
The current International Space Station with a crew of just six already has a mass of nearly 800,000 lb. , with structure that would nearly span the length of an American football field .
Compare that scale with solar array and other needs of a facility that would have housed in space as many people who live in a large apartment building , along with their work areas , whatever that was to be .
Robert Mayo , Nixon 's budget director , was dumbfounded when saw the 100 - man station request from NASA .
Historians say it was the shock of committing to such a large manned station just to support Mars missions starting about 1985 that led Nixon to focus exclusively on development of a reusable space shuttle as the main manned program that would follow Apollo .
According to aerospace historian L. Parker Temple , III , Mayo told Nixon that it was possible to move forward without significant near - term budget expansion that the station and Mars operations would require , but to do it would be to start development of the space shuttle before the big station , and hope the shuttle could later build and operate a station at much less cost .
" This clever inversion of the STG recommendations allowed the prospect of a [ theoretically ] cost - effective launch system and temporary or even permanent deferral of the space station , " says Temple .
He has analyzed Nixon 's role for the U.S. Air Force Historical Foundation and its journal , Air Power History .
NASA documentation on the 100 - man station show that concepts for smaller stations were being rejected as " too conservative " by NASA .
The role of the ISS in an Obama Administration return to the Moon has yet to be defined , as has any new manned Moon or Mars initiative since Obama cancelled Constellation .
The ISS will be vital to assessing life sciences issues related to long duration Mars round - trip missions and possibly the testing and deployment of inflatable habitats that could be used on the Moon or Mars .
NASA / Mars Human Reference Mission drawing depicts large ascent stage firing off frame of descent stage after the crew spent several weeks exploring the Martian surface .
Credit : NASA
But the Obama administration is also providing several hundred million dollars in science funding to maintain utilization of the International Space Station ( ISS ) through at least 2020 , and about $ 2 billion to upgrade the Kennedy Space Center for a wider range of launch operations .
The Johnson Space Center nor Marshall Space Flight Center will fare as well as Kennedy , NASA managers say .
After killing Constellation , NASA 's Apollo look - alike program , Obama is giving NASA and several " New Space " commercial ventures a second chance to define a human flight capability beyond Earth orbit and encompassing more than the Moon and Mars .
If it wants , the Congress could theoretically reinstate elements of Constellation , and theoretically Obama could veto it .
It took 30 years of additional planning and setbacks between 1969 and 1999 before assembly of the ISS as a joint program between NASA , the Russians , Europeans , Japanese and Canadians could get fully underway .
And it has taken another 10 years of shuttle operations to launch and assemble the ISS infrastructure .
The same serious flaws under Bush Administration planning for the Vision of Space Exploration also led to cancellation of the entire Constellation program by Obama , according to NASA managers and officials at the White House Office of Management and Budget .
Mars remains the ultimate destination , possibly also with a limited NASA manned lunar capability as well .
But the White House is still weighing whether a new infrastructure could be developed to also enable astronauts to visit asteroids for Earth threat assessments and Lagrangian points for telescope servicing .
The Martian moon Phobos remains a possible destination for detailed Mars science and infrastructure demonstrations short of taking on a blazing hypersonic descent through the Martian atmosphere to reach the surface .
The previous two Bush administrations ( father and son ) both approved space policies that would return astronauts to the Moon as a stepping stone to Mars .
President Reagan did as well , but the Congress in all three cases under funded all of the initiatives , leaving NASA with no major new manned flight programs as the ISS is completed , the shuttle phased out and Earth orbit transportation to the ISS to be handed to commercial operators -- if all goes well .
( WOMENSENEWS )
–What ’s the cultural message for men and women who are unlucky in love ?
And why are the messages to males and females so different ?
If you ’re a guy , the narrative goes like this :
Hang in there and you will ultimately find the " hottie " you deserve .
Case in point : Judd Apatow ’s popular film " Knocked Up , " where an unemployed schlemiel has a one - night stand with beautiful Katherine Heigl ( of " Grey ’s Anatomy " ) and gets her pregnant .
He then gets the high - salaried woman to be his wife .
What ’s the advice to women buried in this plot ?
That Prince Charming will lope along someday ?
Hardly .
It ’s that women are wise to lower their sights and grab the first barely passable guy .
That ’s also the message in Lori Gottlieb ’s book " Marry Him : The Case for Settling for Mr. Good Enough . "
The book , which is getting much media buzz , is part of the subtext of an enduring media narrative : achieving women will be miserable .
For example , best - selling author Michael Gurian ( " The Wonder of Girls " ) tells mothers not to let their daughters set their sights too high , because " women ’s primal need is to be mothers and women who seek careers or are family breadwinners will live to regret it . "
And , he says , " Feminism teaches girls to turn away from their natures . "
The same message comes from Danielle Crittenden of the conservative group the Independent Women ’s Forum .
In her book , " What Our Mothers Did n’t Tell Us : Why Happiness Eludes the Modern Woman , " she writes , " Feminism , for all its efforts , has n’t been able to banish fundamental female desires from us . . . and we simply cannot be happy if we ignore them . "
She continues : " When a woman postpones marriage and motherhood , she does not end up thinking about love less as she gets older but more and more , sometimes to the point of obsession .
Why am I still alone ?
she wonders .
Why ca n’t I find someone ?
What is wrong with me ? "
Media Supports Traditional Choices
Then there ’s a recent article in the London Daily Mail by Bel Mooney , where she says : " I ’m afraid it ’s obvious to me that the woman who regards taking care of her family and keeping an eye on her elderly parents as the sum total of her ambition is bound to be more contented than her sister who wants to ‘ have it all . ’ "
If you believe the media narrative , most women who did n’t marry their high school sweethearts and go on to live traditional lives are wretched creatures .
This is a message that really has staying power , to wit , the 1947 best - seller called " Modern Woman : The Lost Sex . "
I love its scientific rationale for women ’s misery : " Male - emulating careerists have such anxiety about pregnancy that their glands secrete chemicals that destroy fertility . "
Wow , baby - killing hormones in career women !
Now that ’s inventive .
Today it ’s only feminism that ’s destroying women ’s happiness .
How boring .
Gottlieb writes : " To the outside world , of course , we still call ourselves feminists and insist–vehemently , even –that we ’re independent and self - sufficient and do n’t believe in any of that damsel - in - distress stuff , but in reality , we are n’t fish who can do without a bicycle , we ’re women who want a traditional family . "
( A popular quip in the 1970s was : A women without a man is like a fish without a bicycle . )
One can sympathize with Gottlieb and her dilemma .
Indeed , now that women no longer have to marry to survive , they have more choices .
And sometimes , they make bad decisions , going for the narcissistic Alpha male , while ignoring the less egoistic , caring Betas around them .
Gottlieb says , in an interview in Salon , that she ’s a feminist and does n’t want women to misinterpret what the movement was really all about .
" A lot of us said , ‘ Oh , we have this idea that having it all is feminism , that compromising is bad , and that we should apply this to our dating lives . ’ "
Feminism Does n’t Encourage Alpha Males
But , in fact , does more feminism prompt women to seek Alpha men ?
No. Researchers Alice Eagly of Northwestern University in Chicago and Wendy Wood of Texas AandM in College Station , Texas , found that as gender equality increases , women do not seek wealthy , provider males .
Rather , they go for men who can be caring husbands and can bond with children .
How many unhappy single , high achieving , women are out there ?
With half of all Americans aged 25 - 29 unmarried , probably more than a few .
But the major problem is not with the high - flying women , notes family historian Stephanie Coontz , but with " low - income women whose potential partners are less likely to hold egalitarian values , earn good wages or even count on a regular job . "
And men do not , in general , spurn achieving women .
Women aged 28-35 with advanced degrees who earn over $ 55,000 are as likely to be happily married as women who earn less , reports Heather Boushey , senior economist at the Washington , D.C. - based The Center for American Progress .
Today , men rank intelligence and education way above cooking and housekeeping as a desirable trait in a partner , Coontz notes .
Educated and high - earning women are now less likely to divorce than other women .
If too many men are n’t good marrying material , do n’t blame feminism .
Look to Male Stereotypes
Look at the male stereotype in society , which encourages men to be emotionally distant , controlling and uncommunicative .
( The Super Bowl ads , anyone ? )
Harvard psychiatrist William Pollack , author of " Real Boys , " notes that our strict " boy culture " demands emotional rigidity and by second grade erodes interpersonal skills that come naturally to boys .
He says that boy babies are actually more expressive and vocal than girl babies .
" We now have executives paying $ 10,000 a week to learn emotional intelligence .
These ( sessions ) actually target skills boys were born with , " he reports in his book .
Sociologist Michael Kimmel interviewed more than 400 white middle - class young men ( aged 16 to 26 ) for his book " Guyland " and found too many of them reluctant to grow up , having trouble committing to their intimate relationships , work or social lives .
This problem is n’t about inborn male " hardwiring , " he argues , but about a " guy " culture that exalts video games , sports and depersonalized sexual relationships , while rejecting achievement , hard work and commitment .
That said , the media narrative will probably not change .
There ’s just too much anxiety in the culture about women ’s success and men ’s alleged lack of it .
Society is in the middle of big shift right now , with women reaching proportionality in things like work force participation and college admissions .
But instead of seeing this for what is it–equality –it ’s often depicted as a loss for men , even though male partners are often the biggest beneficiaries of these changes .
With men ’s incomes stagnant or declining in recent years–and with men hit hard by the recession–a woman ’s income is often all that stands between the family and the wolf at the door .
Gottlieb writes that men are not impressed by women ’s brilliant careers but skips the part about them being impressed by their paychecks .
The more education women have , the more likely they are to marry , according to U.S. census data .
Nobody said men were stupid .
Boston University journalism professor Caryl Rivers is the author of " Selling Anxiety : How the News Media Scare Women . "
For more information :
" The Future of Marriage , " Cato Institute :
http://www.cato-unbound.org/2008/01/14/stephanie-coontz/the-future-of-marriage/
The British Columbia government wants sweeping new powers to collect and share citizens ' private information and store it outside of Canada .
Officials argue the powers would help them better serve the public , but a privacy advocate says British Columbians should be worried about the government 's plans .
How to Revive an ' Eviscerated ' Freedom of Info Act read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
Representatives of the B.C. government presented their 88 - page submission to a March 24 meeting of a special committee struck to review the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act .
Such a review happens every six years .
The transcript is here .
The government proposes public bodies be able to collect and share people 's personal information without their consent .
Non-public bodies such as the police , social service providers and non-governmental organizations would be able to do the same .
It would also change the act to allow information to be stored outside of Canada , overturning a provision put in place to protect British Columbians from the long arm of the United States ' Patriot Act .
" It 's the scope of the thing , " said Vincent Gogolek , the policy director for the Freedom of Information and Privacy Association watchdog group .
" They really are looking to change the basis of the act to remove people 's control over their own information . "
' Shared across the universe '
The government 's submission says it wants the act amended " to allow for indirect collection by , and disclosure to and between all relevant public bodies , without consent , for purposes of integrated program or activity . "
Even non-public bodies including " government and police agencies in other jurisdictions " could indirectly collect and disclose personal information without consent , under the proposal .
This would be done where it 's " of benefit to the citizen and necessary to the delivery of the service or program , " or for public health and safety .
" They want it shared across the universe , " said Gogolek .
" NGOs , the RCMP , all over the place .
. .
They do n't want any supervison of that .
. . and that 's a problem . "
The information at stake includes some of the most personal things about people , he said .
Information about medical history , mental health , addictions , housing and criminal records would be included , he said .
" This is stuff you do n't want bouncing around all over the place . "
People have a right to keep control of their information and how it is used , Gogolek said , adding it 's not good enough for the government to just say , " trust us . "
" This will be used monitoring and checking up on people , " he said .
The government argues that it has become more horizontal and the law needs to change to match its new structure , he said .
" I 've got a bit of a problem with that and I suspect the committee might have a bit of a problem with that . "
The government is making the pitch as it embarks on a $ 180 - million integrated case management system that will be used by both the children and families and housing and social development ministries .
The government has entered a six - year deal with Deloitte Inc. to develop the system , despite warnings the system will create new privacy risks .
Patriot Act worries
Perhaps even more contentious is the provincial government 's desire to store more information outside the country .
Here 's how the submission to the committee puts the request : " Amend the provisions in the FOIPP Act prohibiting the storage of information outside of Canada to take into account IT developments and advancements that make jurisdictional boundaries artificial . "
The change would include , " social networking and other internet tools and mechanisms that can promote stronger citizen engagement and [ would ] take advantage of commercial and economic opportunities for storage and management of information including ' cloud computing . ' "
The provision requiring information stay in Canada dates back to soon after the B.C. Liberals took office in 2001 .
They were contracting out the management of health records , just as the United States government responded to the 9 - 11 attacks on the World Trade Center by bringing in the Patriot Act , parts of which allowed for the collection of large amounts of information .
The province 's chief information officer , Dave Nikolejsin , presented the government 's submission to the committee .
He described why they want the restrictions on foreign data storage changed : " How we are able to do some of our alternative service delivery projects is dictated , because a lot of the organizations that bid on opportunities like that and attempt to do business with us are not Canadian businesses .
We have to go through machinations that other jurisdictions do n't in order to make sure that the data stays in Canada . "
" Alternative service delivery " is the wording the government uses to describe contracting out public services .
He named Alberta and Ontario as provinces B.C. competes with that do n't have similar restrictions on data storage .
" This was hugely controversial and the government was forced to bring it in because of the Patriot Act , " said Gogolek .
" The Patriot Act is still there . "
The president of the United States may have changed , but the law has not , he said .
Expanding definitions
Gogolek also takes issue with a couple of changes suggested by the attorney general and the solicitor general .
One would extend the definition of " law enforcement , " allowing public bodies to refuse access to a greater number of records .
Originally the idea was to prevent information that would compromise a particular investigation from being released .
As Gogolek puts it , you legitimately do n't want the U.N.
Gang able to request records about how the police are investigating the U.N. Gang .
" They want to expand it from investigations to crime prevention , " said Gogolek .
That would make lots of records that are now releasable secret , he said .
" It 's got to be realistic .
You ca n't just raise hypotheticals . "
The government also asked the committee to rewrite the law so it can refuse access to security video from jail cells .
That would be in direct contradiction to a two - year - old ruling by former information and privacy commissioner David Loukidelis , said Gogolek .
" They seem grumpy about that , " he said .
Knowing that video from jail cells may find its way into public is incentive for the people who work in jails to follow the law , he said .
That incentive would be removed if people knew the footage could never be released , he said .
" I do n't think it 's a good way to go . "
The acting information and privacy commissioner , Paul Fraser , is scheduled to present to the committee next week .
Gogolek said his group , which presented to the committee last month , will also be looking for a way to respond to the government 's submission .
DETROIT --
Off - day injury update for the Detroit Red Wings :
General manager Ken Holland said on Sunday that forwards Tomas Holmstrom ( bruised left knee ) , Drew Miller ( bruised left ankle ) and Patrick Eaves ( sprained left ankle ) are all day - to - day .
He said Holmstrom and Miller are possible for Tuesday 's game at St. Louis .
Eaves is doubtful .
Defenseman Niklas Kronwall ( knee ) got in a full off - ice workout Sunday and will skate on his own before Monday 's practice before his availability for Tuesday is determined .
Meanwhile , defenseman Andreas Lilja had his conditioning stint in Grand Rapids extended by two games .
He will play Tuesday at Texas and Friday at Houston for the Griffins before being evaluated by Red Wings doctors to determine if he should be activated .
Holland said Lilja experienced no medical issues during his first three games with the Griffins .
March 17th , 2010
Today , I have very somber news for the international hip hop community , especially fans of the independent hip hop scene , and those who have followed my career .
It has been announced that Jun Seba , aka Nujabes , Japanese hip hop producer extraordinaire , passed away late February .
Official statement from the label ( in Japanese ) here :
http://hydeout.net/hydeout/2010/03/_hydeoutproductions.html
We deeply regret the loss of a unique talent and a close friend .
Through his soulful music , Nujabes has touched so many people around the world , even beyond his dreams .
He was a mysterious character to most as he avoided the public limelight , rarely conducted interviews , so only a few got to know the man behind the signature production .
Yet it continued to amaze me how young listeners of all backgrounds learned of his enigmatic name , and expressed support for his music .
As I write now from Japan , I had been leaving him messages the past couple of weeks , trying to get in the studio together , so the news could not have come any more unexpected .
Even last week , I passed by his house and called him thinking he was still home .
I met Nujabes around 2000 and as an upcoming MC , I was fortunate to work on tracks such as Battlecry , F.I.L.O , Luv( sic ) parts 1 , 2 and 3 .
We had been working on the next trilogy of Luv( sic ) over the past year ( which we 're determined to see through ) .
The last time we talked in January , Nujabes emailed me to wish Jeff Resurreccion , a 19 - year old beatboxer who had just passed way from cancer , his heartfelt condolences .
While we continue to respect the privacy of his family , we will work to preserve his legacy , and pay tribute to the body of work , some unreleased , that he has left for us to enjoy .
Jun Seba will be dearly missed by his family , friends , colleagues , and fans worldwide .
in peace ,
Shing02
if you can kindly leave a comment for Nujabes , please do so here
( let us know where you are writing from )
tweet this page .
This month ’s Undersung Scientist is Dr. Shit F. Chew of the National Institute of Education , Nanyang Technological University , Singapore .
Dr. Chew ’s work has gone too - little noticed by the broader science community .
Her publications include :
“ Urea synthesis in the African lungfish Protopterus dolloi - hepatic carbamoyl phosphate synthetase III and glutamine synthetase are upregulated by 6 days of aerial exposure , ” Shit F. Chew , et al. , Journal of Experimental Biology , vol .
206 , 2003 , pp. 3615 - 24 .
“ Nitrogen excretion and defence against ammonia toxicity , ” Chew , S. F. , et al. , in Fish Physiology , vol .
23 , The Physiology of Tropical Fishes ( ed. A. Val , V. Almedia - Val and D. J. Randall ) , 2006 , New York : Academic Press .
“ The swamp eel Monopterus albus reduces endogenous ammonia production and detoxifies ammonia to glutamine during 144 h of aerial exposure , ” S.L.A .
Tay , S.F. Chew and , Y.K. Ip , Journal of Experimental Biology , vol .
206 , 2003 , pp. 2473 -86 .
“ Strategies Adopted by the Mudskipper Boleophthalmus boddaerti to Survive Sulfide Exposure in Normoxia or Hypoxia , ” Yuen K. Ip , Sharon S. L. Kuah , and Shit F. Chew , Physiological and Biochemical Zoology 77(5) :824-837 . 2004 .
This is Dr. Chew ’s second appearance as Undersung Scientist of the Month , the first having come in December 2004 .
( Thanks to investigator David Schultz for alerting us to some of Dr. Chew ’s new work . )
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
There are times when you file a patent that you might never use and forget about it .
Then there are times you file a patent and later have granted at the best possible time .
Facebook is at just such a moment it seems with the granting of US patent number 7,669,123 .
Facebook in 2006 filed for a patent covering ‘ the feed , ’ as it is known among the tech world .
That patent was just granted .
Something to note , Facebook filed this before feeds were in vogue , before some social darlings were even born .
Meaning : some people seem to stepping on Facebook ’s toes in a serious , legal way .
They just patented the damn news feed .
It is hard to get around that .
To eliminate possible confusion , this is the main claim on the patent ( read the full patent here ) :
A method for displaying a news feed in a social network environment , the method comprising : monitoring a plurality of activities in a social network environment ; storing the plurality of activities in a database ; generating a plurality of news items regarding one or more of the activities , wherein one or more of the news items is for presentation to one or more viewing users and relates to an activity that was performed by another user ; attaching a link associated with at least one of the activities of another user to at least one of the plurality of news items where the link enables a viewing user to participate in the same activity as the another user ; limiting access to the plurality of news items to a set of viewing users ; and displaying a news feed comprising two or more of the plurality of news items to at least one viewing user of the predetermined set of viewing users .
[ Emphasis TNW ]
Yes , you read all that correctly .
Yes , the patent has been granted .
And yes , it seems that many people are in breach of this patent .
Now we are not legal minds here at The Next Web , so we are not going to pass judgement on what this may or may not mean , but we think that it at least seems clear .
Given the strength of the main ( granted ) claim and its corollaries ( in a minute ) , Facebook now appears to have a gigantic legal cudgel to hit other social companies with .
What else does the patent say ?
Here are some of the claimed methods for the first claim :
The method of claim 1 , wherein the plurality of activities are selected according to an affinity determined for the viewing user .
The method of claim 1 , wherein at least one informational link comprises a dropdown menu .
The method of claim 1 , further comprising displaying advertising with the plurality of news items .
The method of claim 1 , further comprising : monitoring an interaction of the viewing user with the at least one of the plurality of news items ; and utilizing the interaction to select advertising for display to the viewing user .
The method of claim 1 , further comprising searching the one or more news items for a predetermined character string .
And it goes on .
The 16th claim of the patent is huge , stating :
A system for displaying a news feed comprising : a social network environment ; a module configured to monitor a plurality of activities in a social network environment ; a storage medium for storing the plurality of activities in a database ; a module configured to generate a plurality of news items regarding one or more of the activities , wherein one or more of the news items is for presentation to one or more viewing users and relates to an activity that was performed by another user ; a link component configured to attach a link associated with at least one of the activities of another user to at least one of the plurality of news items where the link enables a viewing user to participate in the same activity as the another user ; a privacy component configured to limit access to the plurality of news items to a set of viewing users ; and a media generator configured to display a news feed comprising two or more of the plurality of news items to at least one viewing user of the predetermined set of viewing users .
[ Emphasis TNW ]
In the next few weeks we are going to find out just what Facebook thinks they can claim with this patent , what other companies feel that they can defend against , and how aggressive Facebook is going to be to police it .
Sure , Facebook was the biggest social network , but yesterday it did not have the patent to the most popular way to display content inside of a social network .
This is probably going to get ugly .
Read next : How Baidu Was Hacked .
This is Borderline Unbelievable ...
When it comes to dining like a Gotham insider , you probably know all about food trucks and the secret speakeasies .
But what about pop-up restaurants ?
Born of the flailing economy , pop-up restaurants arrived on the New York scene a little more than a year ago .
Chefs and would - be entrepreneurs squeezed by the recession were looking for ways to gain exposure and test new businesses with little overhead .
FOR THE RECORD :
Pop - up restaurants : A story in the March 7 Travel section on New York ’s pop -up restaurants -- eating places that “ pop up ” in the site of another business and are not permanent -- incorrectly reported the closing date of a temporary restaurant called Sandwiched .
This pop -up inside the Whitney Museum of American
Art will remain open through the fall .
The popularity of these restaurants and food shops should be no surprise .
In a town that fetishizes the newest , the ephemeral and the “ thing that nobody else has done yet , ” a restaurant or shop that ’s open only for a limited time has a built - in cool factor .
Sandwiched , Whitney Museum of American Art , 945 Madison Ave. , N.Y. ; ( 212 ) 570-3600 , www.whitney.org .
The pop -up will remain open through the fall .
Advertisement
AsiaDog at Trophy Bar , 351 Broadway , Williamsburg , Brooklyn ; ( 347 ) 227-8515 ; asiadognyc.com .
7-11 p.m. Tuesdays starting about the first week of May .
Bep at Simple Café , 346 Bedford Ave. , Williamsburg , Brooklyn ; ( 718 ) 218-7067 ; beprestaurant.blogspot.com .
Year - round on Monday , Thursday and Friday nights .
Like many food trends , pop-ups started largely in Brooklyn , where you can begin your tour in the hipster haven of Williamsburg .
Here , you ’ll find Bep .
At a little more than a year old , this Vietnamese restaurant operates out of an unassuming French coffee shop , Simple Café .
“ I was supposed to open a place with a partner , and we split , so I no longer had enough money , ” An Nguyen Xuan says .
Advertisement
“ I was looking to find a way to test it out , and I walked by Simple Café and saw that they are closed on Mondays , ” he explains .
“ The owner , she is French , and I am French Vietnamese , so I thought we would get along .
We started off just doing Mondays , and after eight months we added more nights . ”
Bep now takes over Simple Café three days a week .
The menu is filled with fresh Vietnamese classics .
Although the food is tasty , the allure , of course , is that it ’s not really a restaurant .
There ’s no sign on the door announcing that it serves Vietnamese food .
Lesson No. 1 : Do n’t expect to stumble on a pop-up .
Like the raves of the ‘ 90s , you have to know it ’s there .
The same is true of AsiaDog , because it is seasonal .
In the summertime , AsiaDog takes over Trophy Bar , a neighborhood watering hole in Williamsburg , on Tuesday evenings .
AsiaDog serves hot dogs topped with Asian - influenced condiments .
One slathered with Japanese curry and housemade kimchi apples is popular , as is the bánh mi-style hot dog and the bulgogi- inspired burger .
The atmosphere is low - key , like a casual backyard barbecue , with chef - owner Melanie Campbell at the grill .
Advertisement
Lesson No. 2 : Expect to wait at a pop-up , especially when beer is involved .
Trophy Bar was the first of many pop-ups for AsiaDog .
Last summer , it appeared at different bars , mostly in Manhattan , almost every night .
Campbell is getting ready to announce this summer ’s schedule , but meanwhile , you can try the dogs every weekend at the Brooklyn Flea Market in Fort Greene and at Bell House , a performance space in the Gowanus neighborhood of Brooklyn that books AsiaDog whenever there are sold - out shows .
Like any underground event , these pop-ups are often announced at the last minute , and the only way to track them is on Twitter .
Even the AsiaDog website does n’t always have its latest schedule .
Lesson No. 3 : Stay current on Twitter .
Advertisement
Bep and AsiaDog have had a longer shelf life than some pop-ups , which are by design short - lived .
During Valentine ’s
Day week , two sweet shops popped up in New York City .
Dorie Greenspan , the cookbook author , and her son Josh took over part of a hair salon on the Upper East Side to try out her cookie business .
It was n’t totally random ; Josh gets his hair cut at the salon , and Greenspan is known for her cookie recipes .
The under - the - radar nature of pop-ups means that sometimes the usual paperwork of brick - and - mortar stores is ignored .
Although the finicky might wonder about the wisdom of selling — or buying — food in a salon , Josh says there were no issues .
The cookies , individually wrapped in cellophane bags , were sold where no hair - cutting was taking place .
They sold out progressively earlier each of the six days the pop-up was open , and now the Greenspans are looking for space to open a permanent bakery in the fall .
Lesson No. 4 . Go at opening time .
Kumquat Cupcakery and Liddabit Sweets , two Brooklyn - based artisans that sell primarily at the Brooklyn Flea Market and on their own websites , temporarily popped up in the space previously occupied by a vintage clothing and housewares store in Greenpoint , another Brooklyn neighborhood .
Kumquat too often sold out of its miniature “ cakelettes , ” and Liddabit hopes to someday open a more permanent brick - and - mortar business .
Advertisement
And , as with any good trend , the establishment has caught on .
Danny Meyer , one of the city ’s biggest restaurateurs , has launched a pop-up restaurant at the Whitney Museum of American Art ’s Biennial exhibition .
For the duration of the exhibit — which runs until May 30 — the temporary restaurant , called Sandwiched , is open inside the museum .
Chefs from Meyer ’s empire , such as Floyd Cardoz of Tabla and Daniel Humm of Eleven Madison Park , have designed sandwiches for the menu , and pastry chefs from the restaurants have created sweets for the dessert list .
Underground ?
Probably not .
But there are still plenty of wonderful things to eat — with an oh - so - trendy expiration date .
travel@latimes.com
As you undoubtedly know by now , controlling the textbooks and curriculum in Texas has long been a focus of the Religious Right , which is why they bring in “ experts ” like David Barton to help shape them and why elections for seats on the Board of Education can get pretty crazy .
How crazy ?
Well , as the Texas Freedom Network reports , so crazy that anti-abortion groups are robocalling voters urging them to support specific candidates in the Republican primary today :
We have a report that Joe Pojman of the far - right Texas Alliance for Life is robocalling voters in the District 10 Texas State Board of Education race today .
Pojman is letting voters know that Brian Russell , one of the candidates in tomorrow ’s Republican primary for the board seat , is “ pro-life . ”
What in blazes does the State Board of Education have to do with abortion politics ?
Nothing — except for religious - right pressure groups and activists , for whom the “ culture wars ” are all - consuming .
Telling voters about Russell ’s opposition to abortion is Pojman ’s way of letting religious - right voters know who should get their vote in the race for the state board seat currently held by the departing Cynthia Dunbar , R - Richmond .
( Dunbar recruited Russell , an Austin attorney who homeschools his children , to run for the seat . )
We do n’t know what Russell ’s Republican opponents , Marsha Farney and Rebecca Osborne , think about abortion .
But now you know the priorities of Russell and his supporters on the far - right : they have every intention of continuing to drag our children ’s schools into senseless and divisive “ culture war ” battles even on issues that have nothing to do with public education .
A TFN reader recorded the robocall and posted the audio :
Want me to review a beer from your brewery or have any pertinent news regarding beer ?
Just drop me an email at brewsdayblog@gmail .
com and I will send you submission info .
My ear is always to the ground for all things beer .
I will gladly review anything that you care to send to me .
I will then contact you with a link to my review on my blog .
2 - 3 bottles or cans are plenty sufficient for me to review your beer .
cheers ,
Trey
I like my Swiss knife , but I like the Guppie better .
Any multi -tool that makes me look like a Real Man , ready to go back to the Jurassic and kill a dinosaur , is a winner .
Advertisement
Made by Columbia River Knife & Tools , the Guppie includes an adjustable wrench , screw driver with multiple magnetic heads , menacing knife , LED flashlight , and a beer bottle opener — it can open other bottles and jars , but I am a Real Man .
According to designers Launce Barber and Tom Stokes , the design is made so everything is ready to use in the shorter time possible , right out of the pocket .
For absolute Real Man effect , hang it from your belt using the built - in carabiner , and allow your butt crack to show a bit over your pants .
[ CRKT via Core77 ]
Fewer than half of French voters went to the polls , indicating a wide indifference about the importance of the regional vote and undermining the claim by the opposition of a wave of anger at Mr. Sarkozy .
What struck French analysts was the good performance of a coalition of green parties , known as Europe Ecology , led by Daniel Cohn - Bendit , and the revival of the far - right , anti-immigrant National Front , which was running almost even with the ecologists for third place .
Mr. Sarkozy failed to take many votes from the National Front , which had been part of his strategy and was why , some analysts suggested , he had kicked off a national “ debate ” on the French identity and had begun moves to ban the full facial veil of Muslim women in France .
Results released by the Interior Ministry with about 80 percent of the votes counted showed the Socialists and their allies , who already control 20 of the 22 regions of mainland France , winning about 29 percent of the vote .
Mr. Sarkozy ’s Union for a Popular Movement had 26 percent to 27 percent .
Europe Ecology had 11.6 percent , while the National Front had 11.7 percent .
The so - called third party of the Democratic Movement was trailing badly with 4.3 percent of the vote , behind a far - left party .
Whether the Socialists will succeed in their aim to win a clean sweep of the mainland ’s regions will not be known until after a second and final ballot next Sunday , when parties that obtained at least 10 percent in the first round will face off individually or in coalitions .
Wine experts and wine snobism can intimidate people .
We ’re afraid to trust our own judgment of what we like .
Or of what we think we “ should ” like .
Most people want a good wine at a good price .
Should you rely on wine experts ?
Their advice should be , well , expert .
As we ’ll see , the experts are n’t really so expert .
And the scientific evidence proves it !
Or people often say that you get what you pay for .…
Read more
Johnny Cache .
Clever twist on ORM - level caching for Django .
Johnny Cache ( great name ) monkey - patches Django ’s QuerySet classes and caches the result of every single SELECT query in memcached with an infinite expiry time .
The cache key includes a “ generation ” ID for each dependent database table , and the generation is changed every single time a table is updated .
For apps with infrequent writes , this strategy should work really well — but if a popular table is being updated constantly the cache will be all but useless .
Impressively , the system is transaction - aware — cache entries created during a transaction are held in local memory and only pushed to memcached should the transaction complete successfully .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
If you find you just ca n’t get a fast enough Internet connection , you might want to look for an apartment in Vancouver , British Columbia — a local ISP there named Novus says it will soon launch the continent ’s fastest Internet service , offering 200 megabits per second .
Unfortunately , the company ’s service only covers certain apartment and condo buildings .
As DSL Reports notes , Novus ( which is backed by Terry Hui , chief executive officer of B.C. real estate developer Concord Pacific ) and Calgary , Alberta - based broadband provider Shaw have been engaged in a race to see who can provide the fastest connection for the lowest price .
After Novus started promoting super high - speed service to certain buildings in Vancouver , Shaw began offering its Vancouver customers dramatically cheaper deals on access , such as 15 megabit - per - second service with a 100 gigabyte cap for just C$ 9.95 ( $ 9.38 ) , something that would normally cost as much as C$ 60 a month from some providers .
The two companies have also been at each other ’s throats in the courts , with repeated claims and counterclaims about marketing statements , culminating in a defamation lawsuit by Shaw related to some marketing material produced by Novus .
So it ’s not just mobile broadband providers like AT&T ( S t ) and Verizon ( s vz ) that are duking it out to see who can claim they are the fastest / most reliable , etc .
The sign of a truly competitive market ?
Perhaps .
Some broadband providers have criticized such speed contests as a marketing stunt — including Verizon , who called an announcement from Virgin about 101 Mbps service a “ parlor trick . ”
I know one thing for sure : I wish I lived in Vancouver right now — 200 Mbps would totally rock .
Post and thumbnail photos courtesy of Flickr user cod_gabriel
Related content from GigaOM Pro ( sub. req ’d ) :
When It Comes to Pain at the Pipe , Upstream Is the New Downstream
The government will this week announce plans to overhaul maternity wards to make room for extra beds and allow new dads to spend the first night of their child 's life with their family .
Under the reforms the NHS constitution will also be re-written to give pregnant women a legal right to chose where they give birth , including the option of a home birth , the prime minister Gordon Brown revealed yesterday during an online chat with the Netmums website to mark Mothers ' Day .
The plans are part of a five - year programme of the reform of children 's services from birth to the age of five , to be announced this week by the health secretary Andy Burnham and children 's secretary Ed Balls .
The move is designed to appeal to middle - class families and mothers in particular .
Women with young children have been identified in polls as a key target for Labour votes in the election .
There are 53 constituencies where mothers could swing the result prompting a run of family - friendly policies .
The work secretary Yvette Cooper revealed on Sunday separate plans to encourage more flexible working to attempt to break the culture where part - time work is seen as a dead - end in careers .
All jobcentres are to ask employers to consider offering jobs they advertise on a flexible basis when they advertise .
Brown revealed that he wanted to end the situation where the mothers ' partner is not allowed to stay the night with their new child after their birth .
Many hospitals already supply make - shift beds , and more are being built with private rooms instead of wards , but many still operate strict visiting hours asking dads to leave their new family at night .
Brown said he wanted a change in the service to include fathers in their new families from the beginning .
He wrote : " Maternity services should definitely remain a priority for the NHS .
We have almost doubled funding since 1997 and there 's no doubt that our maternity services have got better over the last 10 years , but sometimes I think we have n't done enough to make sure they provide a really personal service for mums and dads .
" Over the next few years we want to see a legal right for mums to choose where they give birth , including home births for anyone who wants one .
And we want to see services changed so that not just mums but dads can be given a bed if they need to stay in hospital overnight after the birth of their baby .
We have also set a goal to recruit an extra 4,000 midwives by 2012 . "
Mothers can already request a home birth but the likelihood of getting one is almost entirely dependent on the availability of midwives .
Ministers privately accept that maternity services have not been reformed enough and hope that giving parents legal entitlements will force further improvements to meet the aspirations of middle class families in particular .
Under this week 's plans , the NHS Constitution will be re-written to include a new legal right for pregnant mums to choose where and how they give birth including the option of a home birth .
The proposals will be consulted on and introduced in the next parliament .
Plans to give both parents a bed for their child 's first nights in hospital would also be completed within the next parliament .
Further reforms to improve post-natal care and an extension in post-natal support for teenage parents to reduce the chances of further teenage pregnancies will be set out on Tuesday .
Mary Newburn , head of research and information at the National Childbirth Trust , said : " We support both those measures .
But the key thing is that significant investment is needed to make them happen .
So far we have n't seen the investment required to implement their current policies .
" Parents were supposed to be able to chose the place of birth by the end of last year – our research shows there has been some improvement but there is still a long way to go .
It would take an enormous building programme to accommodate new fathers , so I 'm not sure how fully that 's been thought through .
It would be fantastic if there was scope for more family rooms but it would mean a building programme . "
Red Band Trailer for Serbian
Film which will make its world premiere at the 2010 SXSW Film Festival .
Facing financial difficulties , a retired porn star is lured back for one final film by a wealthy , eccentric producer .
This experience , however , will be vastly more taxing than his previous shoots .
Duration
5 min 36 sec
Views
1,011,833
Posted On
February 09 , 2010 Director
Srdjan Spasojevic
Writer
Srdjan Spasojevic
Studio
Independent
Release
May 13 , 2011 Cast
Sergej Trifunovic
Srdjan Todorovic
Ana Sakic
Katarina Zutic Trailer Tracks
No Music Available South by Southwest Film Festival
Horror
Thriller
Red Band
Australia 's peak scientific body , farmers and supermarkets say they are gearing up for a new Green Revolution .
In 50 years the world 's population will be more than nine billion people , supplies of fertiliser could be severely depleted , and competition for land will have increased .
According to CSIRO scientist Peter Carberry , these factors , combined with climate change , will challenge our agriculture industry like never before .
Mr Carberry is deputy director of the CSIRO 's Sustainable Agriculture Flagship , established by the Federal Government earlier this year to reduce the carbon footprint of Australia 's land use , while boosting productivity .
He says we are facing an agricultural revolution similar to the Green Revolution that followed World War II .
" The first Green Revolution was a revolution that was essential to feed the world 's population at the time .
We have to do it again , but the parameters have changed , which makes it a challenge for science , " he said .
He says population growth and increased wealth in countries such as China and India mean there are new and increased demands for food .
Supply issues such as land degradation and the growth of biofuels will also play a role .
" As we go forward it 's a much greater challenge to think about maintaining productivity levels when you have issues around limited resources , " he said .
" So our second Green Revolution has to be built on increasing our resources ' efficiency , getting much greater productivity out of the inputs we use , [ while being ] conscious of our environment .
" So it is absolutely a challenge as we go into the future , and much more so a challenge than faced in the past . "
Mr Carberry says climate change cannot be ignored when discussing the agricultural revolution .
" It 's all about risk management is n't it ?
The sceptics about climate change talk about whether they believe the projections or whether it 's human induced , " he said .
" But the fact that the majority of the scientists say that there is some risk of human - induced climate change suggests that it's one of the parameters that one must look at when we 're planning for the future . "
The Sustainable Agriculture Flagship is running a number of research projects , breeding new varieties of disease - resistant grain and rice , and developing technologies to cut greenhouse gas emissions in agriculture .
Mr Carberry says another concern for scientists is the availability of fertilisers going into the future .
" There 's that pressure on land as well as issues such as the availability of fertilisers going into the future , such as phosphorus - so we 're reaching peak phosphorus [ usage ] and our access to ready fertilisers is going to decline in the future , " he said .
But he says the huge task of feeding the world over the coming decades is achievable .
" It 's not a challenge that science or humanity is saying is impossible , " he said .
" There are technologies on the horizon and opportunities to further increase our productivity from the existing resource base and new technologies . "
Optimistic
Farmer Jamie Jurgens grows sugar cane , tomatoes and capsicums on his family - owned farm near Bowen in north Queensland .
He says new technologies introduced to the industry in the last 10 years have changed the way he farms , and is optimistic the industry will tackle the food security challenge .
" We 're growing better varieties , higher yielding varieties and through our better soil management our yields are getting more sustainable , " he said .
" The biggest thing in our industry is sustainability .
I think through the new reef regulations hopefully some of the people that are n't doing the right practices now get into that , and are forced , or are helped , into becoming more sustainable and keeping the actual organic life left in our soil . "
Mr Jurgens says a generational change in the industry has meant new ways of farming have been embraced .
" In the last 20 years , land - wise , our agriculture has gone through a large expansion .
We 've opened up a lot of new land and a lot of that land was quite fertile .
Then we go producing crops on it , and it becomes less fertile , " he said .
" As we get more conscious of the environment and our biodiversity - I think the newer generations have actually grown with that in mind and a lot of the attributes they have now are looking after the soil and the water and everything like that too .
" There 's some good technologies at the moment coming into our industry . "
Food security is a serious issue for supermarkets too .
In February this year , Woolworths Limited announced a $ 3.25 million plan to invest in sustainable agriculture in Australia .
Woolworths Limited chief executive Michael Luscombe says organisations such as Woolworths need to adopt a leadership role to secure long - term food availability .
" Higher input costs , a rising population and climate change all have the potential to impact the food we eat , which is why industry must assist our farmers to adapt and thrive , " he said .
Del data med familien med et mobilabonnement eller datakort med 3 Deling .
Køb et af de billige abonnementer til f.eks .
kæresten eller børnene .
Disse abonnementer indeholder ikke selv data , men bruger af den fælles data , der er i den 3 Delingspulje , de indgår i .
Med 3 Deling deler du data med familien .
Én datapulje , én regning - det er nemt , enkelt og overskueligt , og samtidigt er der penge at spare .
Forestil dig , at du har et stort glas juice , hvor alle i familien har et sugerør ned i , som I så kan suge fra .
Ved at dele data slipper I for , at nogen løber tør for data , mens andre altid har meget data i deres abonnement , som de ikke bruger .
Last year I finally bought myself a TIG welder so that I could weld aluminum , stainless steel , roll cages , and overall , step up my welding game .
I figured since I had been MIG welding for 10 + years , TIG would be a piece of cake , but boy was I wrong .
TIG welding is an absolute art , but not everybody is an artist .
It takes a boat load of practice and dexterity to be good at it , which is why professionals make the big bucks .
As I mentioned in this blog that I wrote a few weeks ago , MIG welding can be done with 1 hand ( blind folded , tango dancing , while on fire ) .
TIG on the other hand requires holding filler rod with the left hand , a torch in the right hand ( at the correct angle ) , and it has a foot pedal to control the heat .
Once you get all three limbs to work in unison , metal begins to melt , and the learning curve really begins .
Faster than I could say “ this is hard to do ! “ , I had burned through 2 tanks of argon , countless filler rods , several pieces of tungsten , and a few layers of skin .
As I quickly learned , aluminum retains heat really well , and does n’t look hot even when it is .
Note to readers : WEAR GLOVES when TIG’n !
Here are a few “ finished ” pieces from my last practice session .
Like I said , TIG welding is an art , and not everybody is an artist , yet .
We are easy to work with :
You should not be intimidated by your lawyer , and we will make every effort to ensure that you are not when you come to us for help .
We believe in professionalism , knowledge and hard work .
We believe in the legal system and know how to navigate it to your advantage .
OTTAWA — Ryan Callahan was looking at the American flag , not at the scoreboard video screen , during the singing of the “ Star Spangled Banner ” before last night ’s game .
Which is why the Team USA and Rangers winger had no idea that an individual in the Senators ’ game night operations decided to show video of every Canadian gold - medal winner , plus Sidney Crosby ’s golden goal against the Americans , as the U.S. national anthem was played .
The Canadian national anthem that followed was not accompanied by images from the Vancouver Games .
“ I did n’t have any idea , ” said Callahan , who scored twice in the Blueshirts ’ 4 - 1 victory over the Senators , including one off a brilliant dash down the left side at 0:22 of the second .
“ I do n’t look at the scoreboard during the anthem .
I look at the flag . ”
JAGR COULD RETURN
Chris Drury , who also earned silver in Vancouver , sniffed when informed of the display for which the Senators later apologized while claiming it had been done inadvertently , in error .
“ The scoreboard ? ” Drury asked rhetorically .
“ I ’m not too worried about that . ”
*
The Rangers , who won final two games before the Olympic break , have won three straight for first time since winning four in a row from Dec. 17 - 23 .
“ It feels like it ’s new more than a continuation from before the break , ” said Callahan , who got his second off a backhand rebound of a Sean Avery drive .
“ Before the break , we wanted to give ourselves a shot to have a shot when we came back .
“ Now the important thing is to string wins together .
We ca n’t take a step back at home [ tomorrow ] against the Penguins .
We have to string games together in order to make the playoffs . ”
*
The Rangers went 11:19 without a shot in the second period following Callahan ’s goal at 0:22 and then went 10:29 without a shot following Avery ’s goal that made it 4 - 1 at 17:46 of second .
Drury led the Rangers forwards in ice time with 20:09 while Marc Staal got 23:30 to lead the club .
Corey Potter , who replaced Michael Del Zotto in the lineup , got 12:17 paired with Matt Gilroy ( 15:45 ) .
Wade Redden skated with Dan Girardi while Staal was paired with Michal Rozsival .
Enver Lisin , placed on waivers yesterday , played right wing on a line with Avery and Artem Anisimov and fed Avery for his tap - in at the net for the fourth goal .
Avery has goals in two straight games after scoring on a penalty shot against Tampa Bay on Feb.
14 . Aaron Voros , also placed on waivers , was scratched , leaving Blueshirts with Jody Shelley - Brian Boyle - Brandon Prust fourth line .
Psychiatrists want to call being angry a mental illness .
How utterly mad !
Named : People who become very angry , like Mr. T in the A Team , could have ' intermittent explosive disorder '
Do you live surrounded by clutter - ancient copies of magazines , your children ’s old toys , articles you ’ve clipped out of newspapers over the years ?
If you find it hard to throw out things of limited or no value , you could be suffering from hoarding disorder .
‘ Hoarding ’ is just one of the new mental conditions being added to the psychiatrists ’ bible , or the Diagnostic And Statistical Manual Of Mental Disorders ( DSM ) , to give it its proper name .
Other new conditions identified as possibly needing professional help include binge eating - which is said to affect many people who are seriously obese - and ‘ cognitive tempo disorder ’ , which seems very like laziness ( symptoms include dreaminess and sluggishness ) .
There ’s also ‘ intermittent explosive disorder ’ , which involves occasionally becoming very angry suddenly .
Most bizarre of the proposed additions is one defined as ‘ getting a thrill at being outraged by pornography ’ .
It was also described as Whitehouse syndrome after the campaigner Mary Whitehouse , who objected to sexual content on TV .
The DSM is a large book that lists all psychiatric disorders and describes their symptoms .
If a condition is in there , it means it ’s considered a mental illness .
But some of the new entries are controversial , not least because of fears they will result in many more people being put on drugs that could be ineffective or dangerous .
The DSM is produced by the American Psychiatric Association and is hugely influential worldwide .
‘ Once a condition has got a label you ’ve got a better chance of being treated and researchers are more likely to investigate it , ’ explains Professor David Cottrell , professor of child and adolescent psychiatry at the University of Leeds .
But not everybody is so relaxed about including new disorders .
In fact , every time the DSM gets updated there is a big row about what should be added and what should n’t .
This time is no exception .
There have been three versions of the DSM since the first in 1952 and with each edition it has grown fatter .
- DSM -IV is seven times larger than the original .
Last week , a draft of DSM - V - due to be published in 2013 - was put on the web and is already proving contentious .
While hoarding is largely uncontroversial - whatever inveterate newspaper clippers might think of being labelled ‘ unwell ’ - the inclusion of binge - eating disorder is being hotly opposed .
So , too , is the addition of internet and sex addictions .
One of the most outspoken critics is Professor Christopher Lane , author of Shyness : How Normal Behaviour Became A Sickness .
He ’s worried about the blurring of the line between eccentricity and illness .
‘ The American Psychiatric Association is hell - bent on medicalising the normal highs and lows of people ’s emotional lives , ’ he says .
Clutter queen ?
If you find it hard to throw things out , you may be suffering from a ' hoarding disorder '
‘ For this latest revision they ’ve set up a special task force to decide if behaviours like bitterness , extreme shopping or overuse of the internet should be included , ’ he says .
‘ The science underlying all this is very shaky to non-existent . ’
Even shakier was the basis for the supposed disorder of being excited about condemning pornography .
Its formal name , ‘ absexuality ’ , was coined by Carol Queen , a San Francisco sex shop owner .
She used it to describe those opposed to her work and campaigned to have it included in DSM -V .
But there is no evidence that this is going to happen .
However , serious laziness and angry outbursts look as if they may make it through .
The chairman of the task force , Dr David Kupfer , claims the updates are firmly based on scientific evidence .
However , while scientists have made huge strides in understanding the brain ’s workings using scans , DSM - V will rely on descriptions of disorders because there ’s not a single biological marker for them .
So while doctors predict your risk of heart disease from your cholesterol levels and blood pressure , there are no physical tests for hoarding , say .
This makes the potential - inclusion of binge eating in the new edition especially worrying , says Professor Lane .
‘ Research into its causes has so far been inconclusive and highly speculative , so I ’m very disturbed about this proposal . ’
Dr David Haslam , of the National Obesity Forum , disagrees .
‘ This is a serious problem that affects as many as 20 per cent of obese patients , ’ he says .
‘ But treating it in the same way with advice to lose weight , exercise and even to have surgery can be disastrous unless the emotional problems are dealt with . ’
But what ’s really causing the fur to fly is the proposal that the new manual should include ‘ risk syndromes ’ - symptoms that some psychiatrists believe act as an earlywarning sign of serious mental health problems in the future .
These risk syndromes could be used to start treatment early .
However , critics have pointed out that 70 per cent of children said in the past to be at high risk of developing psychosis have not done so .
‘ I completely understand the idea of trying to catch someone early , ’ says Dr Michael First , professor of psychiatry at Columbia University , who edited the previous edition of DSM .
‘ But there is a huge potential for many unusual kids to fall under this umbrella and carry this label for the rest of their lives .
‘ The more disorders you put in the DSM , the more people get labels and the higher the risk that they will get inappropriate treatment . ’
This is a major worry , says Dr David Healy , of the department of psychiatry at the University of Wales .
Dr Healy is highly regarded worldwide for helping to expose the way drug companies concealed evidence about the dangers of some antidepressants .
He believes the move to treat mental ‘ disorders ’ early is ‘ likely to massively increase the number of people receiving drugs ’ .
‘ Too many psychiatric patients are just drugged with little concern for the side effects as it is , ’ he says .
Indeed , these side effects have made the use of drugs to treat mental health problems an increasingly sensitive topic .
Research has shown that some anti-depressants - Serotonin Selective Reuptake Inhibitors such as Seroxat - can double the risk of suicide and may be no better than a placebo for most patients .
Meanwhile , a report found that 1,800 elderly people with dementia die every year as a result of being prescribed antipsychotic tranquilisers .
The situation is slightly complicated in Britain by the fact that psychiatrists rely on both the DSM and another system called the International Statistical Classification of Diseases .
However , the two overlap very closely and DSM is a major influence here .
‘ We are having meetings about revising the International Statistical Classification of Diseases at the moment , ’ says Professor Sue Bailey , registrar of the Royal College of Psychiatrists .
‘ We are looking to see if there are risk factors , based on good science , that we can use to predict future problems . ’
That does n’t reassure the sceptics .
‘ Psychiatrists love defining new disorders and creating more and more subcategories , ’ says Oliver James , clinical psychologist and author .
‘ But when you are faced with someone in distress , what you want to know is what is the underlying fault and how best to treat it .
13 % of Utilities Believe Centralized Electric Generation Will be Obsolete by 2050
February 27th , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
By 2050 , 69 % of utilities expect that a combination of central power stations in tandem with distributed renewable energy ( typically rooftop solar PV and small wind ) will supply most of the nation ’s electricity , according to a survey by Black and Veatch .
[ social_buttons ]
But a surprising 13 % of utilities believe that an “ Al Gore Electra - net ” model of distributed rooftop power will be the dominant way we get our electricity in the US by 2050 .
“ Most of our respondents ( 69 % ) see a hybrid electric utility industry model embracing a combination of both central generation and distributed resources evolving by 2050 .
Such a system would include both centralized base - load generation and distributed renewable generation made feasible by advanced smart grid technology . ”
Imagine if you believed your whole industry would be obsolete by 2050 .
That ’s only forty years from now !
If you believed your industry would be gone in forty years , would you make long term capital investments in electric power generation ?
I sure would n’t .
Expect more blackouts on the central grid as we get closer to the half - century !
What a surprising result from within the utility industry !
Indeed , quoting Black and Veatch “ many cannot risk moving forward with major capital programs that are intended to meet current or future demand and / or replace generation assets that are beyond their service life . ”
Now , that answer was in the context of uncertainty about carbon price regulations that might force them to add more renewable power – or whether those rules might be delayed .
But ; given the 13 % figure , perhaps the underlying realization that the Al Gore Electranet will be the dominant paradigm for electricity by 2050 is what ’s really driving the reluctance to invest .
Electricity is becoming more decentralized in this country : starting in California , yesterday .
Image : Black and Veatch
More Cleantechnica from Susan Kraemer : Journalists on Twitter
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Changing the words used to describe someone struggling with alcoholism or drug addiction may significantly alter the attitudes of health care professionals , even those who specialize in addiction treatment .
Massachusetts General Hospital ( MGH ) researchers have found that health professionals ' answers to survey questions about a hypothetical patient varied depending on whether he was described as a " substance abuser " or as " having a substance use disorder . "
Their study will appear in the International Journal of Drug Policy and has been released online .
" We found that referring to someone with the ' abuser ' terminology evokes more punitive attitudes than does describing that person 's situation in exactly the same words except for using ' disorder ' terminology , " says John F. Kelly , PhD , associate director of the MGH Center for Addiction Medicine , who led the study .
" Reducing the use of such stigmatizing terms could help diminish the shame , guilt and embarrassment that act as barriers , keeping people from seeking help . "
The authors note that misuse of alcohol and other drugs is the leading public health problem in the U.S. and that , while treatment can be very successful , it is sought by only 10 percent of affected individuals .
The stigma against addiction problems is often cited as a major reason for not seeking treatment .
Even though the World Health Organization acknowledged " abuser " as a stigmatizing term 30 years ago , it remains in common usage .
The current study was designed to determine whether calling someone " a substance abuser " versus " having a substance use disorder " led to different judgments about the individual 's ability to regulate behavior , the need for treatment versus punishment and whether that person could be a social threat .
The investigators randomly distributed surveys to more than 700 mental health professionals attending two 2008 conferences focused on mental health and addiction .
The surveys began with a paragraph describing the current situation of " Mr. Williams , " who is having trouble adhering to a court - ordered treatment program requiring abstinence from alcohol and other drugs .
On half of the surveys , he is referred to as a " substance abuser ; " on the others , he is described as having " a substance use disorder , " with the rest of the narrative being exactly the same .
The survey consisted of 32 statements about Mr. Williams ' situation , and participants were asked to indicate how much they agreed or disagreed with those statements .
More than 500 completed surveys were returned , and one third of the responding participants indicated they had a professional focus on addiction .
While the way " Mr. Williams " was described did not significantly change whether respondents regarded him as a threat or thought he should be referred for treatment , participants who received the paragraph describing him as a " substance abuser " were significantly more likely to agree that he should be punished for not following his required treatment plan .
They were also more likely to agree with statements implying that that he was more to blame for his difficulty adhering to the court requirements .
" Our results imply that these punitive attitudes may be evoked by use of the ' abuser ' term , whether individuals are conscious of it or not , and suggest that this term perpetuates that kind of thinking , " Kelly explains .
" From the perspective of the individual sufferers , who often feel intense self - loathing and self - blame , such terminology may add to the feelings that prevent them from seeking help . "
Kelly notes that terms like " abuser " are not used in other clinical areas -- individuals with eating - related problems are almost universally referred to as having an " eating disorder " and not as " food abusers . "
While national and international health agencies have advocated eliminating " substance abuser , " the term remains in common use , even in literature from federal agencies .
" There 's an old proverb that states , if you want something to survive and flourish , call it a flower ; if you want to kill it , call it a weed , " he adds .
" Saying that someone has a substance use disorder conveys the notion that they are suffering from something that may be treatable , which of course is true .
Anything we can do to eradicate or minimize stigma - related obstacles to treatment will help reduce the prodigious social impact these disorders have on individuals and society , and changing the way we refer to affected individuals is one simple and achievable step towards that goal . "
Kelly is an associate professor in the Harvard Medical School Department of Psychiatry .
Cassandra Westerhoff of the MGH Center for Addiction Medicine is co-author of the International Journal of Drug Policy study , which was funded by an MGH institutional grant .
Women 's Representation Worldwide
There is no country in the world whose representative body fully reflects the percentage of women in its population .
However , some come closer than others .
Nordic countries average roughly 40 % , more than twice that of North America .
These countries all use some form of full representation .
Germany uses a mixed system whereby some seats are elected using full representation and others from single member districts Data from these countries is especially valuable in comparing the effectiveness of both systems .
In the 1994 German election , the percentage of women elected from single - member districts was 13 % - - about the same as in the United States -- while the percentage elected from the full representation contests was 39 % .
These two countries demonstrate that when all cultural and geographic factors are equal , full representation typically results in higher representation of women .
Cultural values are another important factor in women ’s representation , but even countries where social norms discourage women ’s political involvement , women benefit from full representation .
Switzerland , for example , did not grant women the right to vote until 1971 ; yet using a full representation system , women today compose 24 % of the Swiss legislature .
In less than 40 years , Switzerland has achieved higher women 's representation than the U.S .
Full representation helps , by increasing access to a greater number of candidates .
All other factors aside , women are almost twice as likely to be elected under proportional representation than in majoritarian systems .
Moreover , other measures aimed at increasing women 's representation -- such as quotas for minimum numbers of candidates are much easier to impliment under full representation systems , where parties nominate several candidates at once .
Afghanistan is aiming to hold elections in 2005 .
If all goes as planned , the nation ’s legislative body of 250 delegates will be elected directly through a system of proportional representation .
The system also includes a quota requiring a minimum of two female delegates from each province , meaning the body will be at least 25 % women .
In the Iraqi elections , all political parties had to submit lists of candidates where every third person was a woman .
This again will guarantee at least 25 % of all elected delegates are women .
U.S. authorities have committed $ 260 million to organize the elections .
The United States is supporting an electoral system in Afghanistan and Iraq which could also be effectively employed for itself .
If the elections go as planned , Iraqi and Afghani women will have twice the representation as American women , despite their recent recovery from oppressive regimes .
There is no country in the world whose representative body fully reflects the percentage of women in its population .
However , some come closer than others .
Nordic countries average roughly 40 % , more than twice that of North America .
These countries all use some form of full representation .
Germany uses a mixed system whereby some seats are elected using full representation and others from single member districts Data from these countries is especially valuable in comparing the effectiveness of both systems .
In the 1994 German election , the percentage of women elected from single - member districts was 13 % - - about the same as in the United States -- while the percentage elected from the full representation contests was 39 % .
These two countries demonstrate that when all cultural and geographic factors are equal , full representation typically results in higher representation of women .
Cultural values are another important factor in women ’s representation , but even countries where social norms discourage women ’s political involvement , women benefit from full representation .
Switzerland , for example , did not grant women the right to vote until 1971 ; yet using a full representation system , women today compose 24 % of the Swiss legislature .
In less than 40 years , Switzerland has achieved higher women 's representation than the U.S.
Full representation helps , by increasing access to a greater number of candidates .
All other factors aside , women are almost twice as likely to be elected under proportional representation than in majoritarian systems .
Moreover , other measures aimed at increasing women 's representation -- such as quotas for minimum numbers of candidates are much easier to impliment under full representation systems , where parties nominate several candidates at once .
Afghanistan is aiming to hold elections in 2005 .
If all goes as planned , the nation ’s legislative body of 250 delegates will be elected directly through a system of proportional representation .
The system also includes a quota requiring a minimum of two female delegates from each province , meaning the body will be at least 25 % women .
In the Iraqi elections , all political parties had to submit lists of candidates where every third person was a woman .
This again will guarantee at least 25 % of all elected delegates are women .
U.S. authorities have committed $ 260 million to organize the elections .
The United States is supporting an electoral system in Afghanistan and Iraq which could also be effectively employed for itself .
If the elections go as planned , Iraqi and Afghani women will have twice the representation as American women , despite their recent recovery from oppressive regimes .
Recent Articles October 19th 2009
A better election system
Lowell Sun
Election expert Doug
Amy explains how choice voting can " inject new blood " into the elections of Lowell ( MA ) , and give voters a greater incentive to participate .
Lowell SunElection expert Doug
Amy explains how choice voting can " inject new blood " into the elections of Lowell ( MA ) , and give voters a greater incentive to participate .
October 16th 2009
Have n't Detroit voters spoken enough ?
Livingston Daily
In Detroit , there have been three mayors in the past two years and the current one has come under scrutiny .
Perhaps a system like instant runoff voting will help bring political stability to motor city .
Livingston DailyIn Detroit , there have been three mayors in the past two years and the current one has come under scrutiny .
Perhaps a system like instant runoff voting will help bring political stability to motor city .
August 21st 2009
Black candidate for Euclid school board to test new voting system
Cleveland Plain Dealer
Limited voting , a form of proportional voting , will be used in Euclid ( OH ) , in the hopes of allowing better representation of minorities .
Cleveland Plain DealerLimited voting , a form of proportional voting , will be used in Euclid ( OH ) , in the hopes of allowing better representation of minorities .
July 2nd 2009
Reforming Albany
New York Times
FairVote 's Rob Richie responds in a letter to the editor making the case for proportional voting systems to bring substantive reform to New York 's legislature .
New York TimesFairVote 's Rob Richie responds in a letter to the editor making the case for proportional voting systems to bring substantive reform to New York 's legislature .
If you were impressed with the swanky recycled wine bottle cups we shared with you , but had trouble cutting the bottles cleanly , you 'll definitely want to check out this guide to getting perfect cuts .
Advertisement
Recycle Wine Bottles into Swanky Cups Dropping off your bottles to be recycled is great and all , but with this DIY solution you 'll be …
Read more
Dan Roja , from the site GreenPowerScience was really disappointed in the methods for cutting wine bottles .
He tried all sorts of techniques including the burning - twine method , cutting with a grinder , using a blow torch on a scored line , etc .
All the methods ended up generating fracture lines that were too jagged and required too much cleanup work to make fit for use .
He did his research and tried a new technique , check it out in the video below .
The first half of the video is informative , showing you what bad results look like and what kind of cut you 're aiming for , but if you want to jump right to the tutorial part of the video you 'll want to hop to around 3:40 into the clip .
For those of you behind YouTube - hating firewalls , the secret sauce in Dan 's technique is to make a single score line in the glass using an inexpensive tool for cutting wine bottles — the same simple device featured in the previous wine bottle cup tutorial — and then pour boiling water over the score line .
The lower temperature of the boiling water , compared to the much higher temperature of the flame used in other techniques , yields a much cleaner fracture line with next to no chipping or cracking .
Advertisement
Have a clever technique for recycling something old into something new ?
Let 's hear about it in the comments .
Cut a Wine Bottle with a Perfect Edge [ GreenPowerScience via Make ]
W ill Western governments press their advantage to force a change in Beijing policy ?
Occasionally , but not nearly often enough , a dispute bursts out into the open that helps give meaning to the protests that by now predictably accompany every gathering of world leaders – protests that are no doubt something to brace for when the G20 descends on Toronto in June .
Although media attention has been focused of late on China and Google Inc. , the bigger issue is China 's craven manipulation of its currency for the past decade or so , in order to make its exports more competitive in Canadian and other global markets .
This is a patently unfair trading advantage that has caused widespread job loss across North America and , in effect , finds China stealing jobs even from its Pacific Rim neighbours .
Beijing 's deliberate suppression of the yuan , a .k.a. the renminbi , at a level far lower than its true value if allowed to " float " the way the loonie and other major world currencies do , has played no small role in the " hollowing out " of North America 's manufacturing base .
Some Americans in high places finally are saying enough is enough .
For a decade , Western world capitals have gently prevailed on the regime in Beijing to cease and desist in its manipulation of its currency .
But as recently as March 14 , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao made the absurd declaration that " I do n't think the renminbi is undervalued .
We oppose countries pointing fingers at each other and even forcing a country to appreciate its currency . "
Putting aside Beijing 's ritual efforts to force other heads of state not to extend hospitality to the Dalai Lama , Wen 's outburst is a clear signal that further diplomatic entreaties will have no effect in changing a " Chinese currency policy ( that ) is adding materially to the world 's economic problems at a time when those problems are already very severe , " says U.S. economist Paul Krugman , who won his 2008 Nobel Prize for his work in trade policy .
The dynamic Chinese economy is long past the point of needing the economic crutch of a currency whose government - manipulated low value does not begin to reflect China 's now awesome export prowess .
The International Monetary Fund estimates that China will close the year with a trade surplus of $ 450 billion ( U.S. ) – about 10 times ' the size of China 's surplus just seven years ago .
That is , says Krugman , " the most distortionary exchange rate policy any major nation has ever followed . "
At least five U.S. senators agree , in one of Washington 's few bipartisan efforts in recent times .
Spearheaded by New York Democrat Charles Schumer and South Carolina Republican Lindsey Graham , the five senators earlier this month introduced legislation to enable the U.S. to more easily identify currency manipulation and take retaliatory action .
Where the protesters come in is that Big Business stands four - square against rattling China 's cage .
" We 're lashing out at China rather than tending to our own business , " says Stephen Roach , Asia chairman of New York investment bank Morgan Stanley , whose clients include Beijing , Chinese companies and Western firms doing business in China .
Companies as varied as Canada 's Bombardier Inc. and BlackBerry inventor Research In Motion Ltd. ; along with General Motors Co. , which does its most profitable business worldwide in China ; and General Electric Co. , eager to tap a huge Chinese market for its power - plant turbines , would much prefer that victims of Chinese currency manipulation continue their vain practice of issuing subtle complaints rather than dropping the gloves .
But that 's an approach that favours a few blue - chip multinationals and works powerfully against working people outside of China .
As a remedy , Krugman suggests a 25 per cent or so surcharge on Chinese imports .
He cites the 1971 precedent in which the U.S. applied a 10 per cent surcharge on goods from Germany , Japan and other nations with undervalued currencies .
Those surcharges were removed just a few months later after those nations with artificially low currencies allowed them to float upward .
There are much tougher sanctions that could be applied to China .
Western nations could simply close their markets to the export - driven Chinese economy , making an abrupt end to that nation 's industrial revolution .
They could end the transfers of Western technology that Beijing insists upon as part of every Western industrial partnership in China .
Naysayers object that the Chinese could dump their massive $ 889 billion in U.S. currency reserves .
But the greenback would plummet in value the moment China began to sell , devaluing the rest of its U.S. - denominated securities .
Besides , a cheaper greenback would be an enormous competitive advantage for America .
" Right now America has China over a barrel , not the other way around , " Krugman notes .
The question is whether Western governments will seize the initiative to force China to abide by the same rules to which the rest of the global industrial community holds itself .
A dynamic Chinese economy is in everyone 's interests .
One that plunders jobs worldwide and ignites widespread resentment is not .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
dolive@thestar.com
Read more about :
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd's rhetoric on the issue , too , has changed .
Last year , as Treasury began to increase its predictions about our future size , he branded himself a big -Australia man .
'' I think it 's good for us , it 's good for our national security long - term , it 's good in terms of what we can sustain as a nation , '' he said .
Then came Treasury 's Intergenerational Report this month and its prediction that Australia would swell from about 22 million people to 35.9 million people in 2050 .
Rudd was no longer so sure a large population was a good thing , so he instead sat on the fence as the opposition increased a get - tough - on - asylum - seekers theme .
Despite changing rhetoric , the reality is our leaders remain hopelessly addicted to population growth .
It is a drug they are unlikely to kick any time soon .
Size , for some misguided reason , has long been equated with importance .
But there is another , more intrinsic reason for the addiction .
Population growth is one of the simplest ways for a government to boost economic growth , which is in turn regarded as a key measure of political success .
More people means more houses , more cars , more food consumed and more petrol burnt .
All this is dutifully recorded by the Bureau of Statistics as an increase in Australia 's gross domestic product , which is in turn associated with prosperity .
An apparently circular need to feed economic growth with population growth represents a significant flaw in our political system .
First , economic growth for its own sake is not necessarily a good thing .
Rebuild a town flattened by bushfires and it's recorded as economic growth .
Yet can you really argue that the town 's population , or society as a whole , is better off ?
Second , even if you assume GDP is a good measure of progress , the focus should not be on GDP growth per se , but GDP growth per person .
The economic pie may be expanding , but if the number of people sharing it is growing at an even greater rate , then everyone gets a smaller slice .
This is exactly what has happened in Australia .
We may have been one of the few economies in the developed world to have grown over the past year ( just ask Treasurer Wayne Swan ) .
But because the population grew faster , GDP per person slipped by about 1.7 per cent over the year to September 2009 .
But do n't expect to hear Swan talking about that .
Labor backbencher Kelvin Thomson , who is arguing for a cut to Australia 's skilled migration intake , says there are many costs of population growth not factored into economic growth measures , including environmental degradation , loss of urban amenity , and congestion .
'' I believe very strongly that if we add another million , or 2 million , or 3 million people to Melbourne over the course of the next few decades , that will be a poorer city than the one that I have had the privilege to live in , '' Thomson says .
There are other issues , too .
About 64 per cent of Australia 's recent population growth has been due to migration .
As opposition immigration spokesman Scott Morrison points out , the states have little influence over migration levels , despite being responsible for many areas that are affected , including planning , infrastructure and environment .
'' Growth is good only if it is managed well , '' Morrison says .
'' If it is not managed well it can be very counterproductive . ''
The prediction that the population will hit 36 million by 2050 may even be too conservative .
The Intergenerational Report assumes an annual net overseas migration for the next 40 years of 180,000 .
The intake last financial year was about 285,000 .
As Morrison says , it would be intriguing to know when the government intends to cut the intake to bring about this average figure of 180,000 .
None of this is to say that immigration is a bad thing .
What we do need is to have a sensible debate about how big we want to get .
Once we decide this , our politicians will need to make some brave decisions , including acknowledging that economic growth is n't always worth pursing for the sake of it .
After all , as former treasurer Peter Costello liked to say , demography is destiny .
Josh Gordon is The Sunday Age national political reporter .
The climactic moment in William Faulkner ’s 1942 novel “ Go Down , Moses ” comes when Isaac McCaslin finally decides to open his grandfather ’s leather farm ledgers with their “ scarred and cracked backs ” and “ yellowed pages scrawled in fading ink ”  proof of his family ’s slave - owning past .
Now , what appears to be the document on which Faulkner modeled that ledger as well as the source for myriad names , incidents and details that populate his fictionalized Yoknapatawpha County has been discovered .
The original manuscript , a diary from the mid-1800s , was written by Francis Terry Leak , a wealthy plantation owner in Mississippi whose great - grandson Edgar Wiggin Francisco Jr. was a friend of Faulkner ’s since childhood .
Mr. Francisco ’s son , Edgar Wiggin Francisco III , now 79 , recalls the writer ’s frequent visits to the family homestead in Holly Springs , Miss. , throughout the 1930s , saying Faulkner was fascinated with the diary ’s several volumes .
Mr. Francisco said he saw them in Faulker ’s hands and remembers that he “ was always taking copious notes . ”
Specialists have been stunned and intrigued not only by this peephole into Faulkner ’s working process , but also by material that may have inspired this Nobel - prize - winning author , considered by many to be one of the greatest American novelists of the 20th century .
Long battles erupted today at the Athens protest march against the measures .
The GSEE union boss was heavily beaten by protesters while battles with the cops developed for 3 hours all across the centre of the city after riot police attacked anti-Nazi resistance symbol Manolis Glezos
The demo called by ADEDY , the public sector umbrella union , and GSEE , the private sector umbrella union , started gathering at 12:30 in Syntagma square , after another 10,000 strong demo by Communist Party umbrella union , PAME had ended its own demo and marched to Omonoia square .
Soon around 10,000 people gathered in Syntagma , a large number considering there is only a 4 hour stoppage and not a strike today .
All was quiet until the GSEE union boss Mr Panagopoulos took the microphone to address the protest .
Before managing to utter more than five words , the hated union boss was attacked by all kinds of protestors who first heckled him and threw bottles of water and yogurt on his face and then attacked him physically like a giant swarm .
With bruises , cuts and his clothes torn , the PASOK lackey struggled his way towards police lines , as the people attacked again and again .
Finally he managed to hide behind the Presidential Guard and up the steps of the Parliament where the hated austerity measures were being voted .
The crowd below encouraged him to go where he belongs , to the lair of thieves , murderers and liars .
What the bourgeois media call the " lynching " of the union supreme boss became a prime subject of infight within the parliament with the government accusing the Radical Left Coalition that the attackers originated from its block ( GSEE itself blaming KOE , a Maoist group of the Coalition ) , a half - truth at best .
The Communist Party has refused to condemn the attack , only noting it disagrees with it .
This is the first time such a high ranking union boss is attacked at a rally that its union has called , and the act is widely believed to mark a new era in union history in greece .
The initial phase of the attack against the union boss can be seen here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJW33W9t0bw&feature=player_embedded
Soon after the beating of Panagopoulos , small skirmishes started between protesters and riot police forces in the form of body - to - body battles in front of the Parliament .
During one of these incidents , riot cops attacked Manolis Glezos , the heroic anti-nazi resistance fighter who had lowered the nazi flag from the Acropolis during the german occupation .
The elderly man was trying to help a man from being arrested at them time and had to be removed from the battle scene in an ambulance as tear gas fired directly on his face caused him serious pneumonic problems and he remains in serious condition in hospital ( for a video of the attack see http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FX3S3I7Nos&feature=player_embedded).
The attack on Glezos gave the signal for a general attack of thousands of people against the cops , many of who were wounded during the battles which included rocks , sticks but no molotov cocktails .
During the clashes 5 people were arrested , 2 of who are accused under the anti-hood law , while the rest with small non-criminal breaches of the law .
During the clashes many riot shields and helmets were taken from the cops and burned along with other flaming barricades on the streets .
7 cops are reported by the police as heavily wounded , some with knee - cap and other bone breaks .
Due to extended use of tear gas at around 14:00 the atmosphere in Syntagma square was so unbearable that among chanting " the cops are not the children of the workers , they are the dogs of the bosses " , the demo turned into a protest march with the direction of the Ministry of Labour , half a km south of Omonoia square .
At reaching Propylea more clashes with the police took place , while a sole high - ranking cop was isolated and beaten by the crowd .
Further down on the way to Omonoia , protesters attacked a riot police squad that was guarding the National Legal Council .
The riot police squad was cornered and attacked by means of sticks rocks and flares , before being forced to retreat inside the building after one of its members was captured by protesters and repeatedly trampled by the angered crowd .
The march then continued to Omonoia and from there down Peireaos street where banks , economic targets and expensive cars came under attack , before the march reached the Ministry and the protesters tried to break its central doors .
More clashes with the police ensued and the march turned back to front and decided to march once again to the Parliament .
On the way , cops came once again under attack by protesters with many riot policemen wounded and retaliating by means of tear gas .
After reaching the Parliament , the march refused to desolve and took once again to the street in a bravado of resolve , until it reached Propylea where it came to an end .
After the end of the march 6 more people were detained while taking refuge to the Social Security Headquarters , but have been released without any charges against them .
In Salonica , upon reaching the gates of the Ministry of Thrace and Macedonia protesters pulled down the heavy iron fences of the Ministry and moved into its front yard where they were confronted by riot police who made use of tear gas amongst flaming barricades .
Finally , the workers of the National Printing Units have occupied the premises and refuse to print the legislation imposing the austerity measures .
Unless the legislation is printed there , it is not legally valid .
Meanwhile the occupation of the State General Accountancy by layed - off Olympic Airways workers continues .
The workers have also permanently closed off Panepistimiou street ( the equivalent of Oxford street in London ) , at the heigh of the building , with all traffic diverted by side - roads .
A general strike by ADEDY and GSEE has been called for March 11 .
By Paul Armentano
They say that the will of politicians often lags behind the sentiment of the public .
Nowhere is this adage more clear than when it comes to marijuana law reform .
It was business as usual today in Olympia , as lawmakers on the House Committee on Public Safety & Emergency Preparednessvoted down a pair of bills aimed at reforming the state ’s failed criminal marijuana laws .
House Bill 2401 sought to regulate the adult production , use , and distribution of marijuana in a manner similar to alcohol .
Here was the roll call vote :
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Hurst ( D ) Chair — N
O’Brien ( D ) Vice Chair — N
Pearson ( R ) — N
Klippert ( R ) — N
Appleton ( D ) — Y
Goodman ( D ) — Y
Kirby ( D ) — N
Ross ( R ) — N
House Bill 1177 was much more limited in scope , seeking simply to reclassify minor marijuana possession offenses from a criminal misdemeanor to a fine - only civil infraction .
( Note , its Senate companion bill , SB 5615 , awaits floor action in the Senate . )
This change , known as decriminalization , is already the law in over a dozen states .
Here was the roll call vote :
Hurst ( D ) Chair — N
O’Brien ( D ) Vice Chair — Y
Pearson ( R ) — N
Klippert ( R ) — N
Appleton ( D ) — Y
Goodman ( D ) — Y
Kirby ( D ) — N
The legislative defeats came despite nearly two hours of public testimony , nearly all of which was in support of one or both reform proposals .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
So what reasons did lawmakers give for voting ‘ no ’ on these reforms ?
Here ’s just a few excuses .
Committee Chair , democrat Christopher Hurst alleged that as a state lawmakers he is sworn to uphold both state and federal law , and claimed that both proposals would be in violation of the federal Controlled Substances Act .
( For the record , neighboring Oregon first decriminalized marijuana possession offenses in 1973 and has never run afoul of federal law .
Likewise , New Mexico ’s government has licensed the production and distribution of marijuana for medical purposes without incident . )
Republican Brad Klippert stated , “ As a law enforcement officer … on countless occasions I ’ve seen the negative effects of marijuana on people ’s lives . ”
( By that logic I suppose that the Representative would also vote to criminally prohibit alcohol , tobacco , and fatty foods . )
Fellow Republican Kirk Pearson claimed that just by lawmakers talking about the bills they were encouraging teens to try marijuana .
( ” I do n’t want to do anything today that would make drug use seem safer to teenagers , ” he said , even though by his own logic he was better off keeping his mouth shut . )
Finally , Democrat Rep. Steve Kirby alleged that he supported the reforms , in theory , but then inexplicably said that such changes in policy “ require a vote of the public , ” not action by the legislature .
( Um , was marijuana prohibition enacted by a vote of the public ? )
Ultimately , however , Rep. Kirby may get his wish , as NORML Legal Committee member Douglas Hiatt has filed a petition to put the marijuana legalization issue on the November 2010 state ballot , and a recent statewide poll shows that if the election was held today it would win .
In the end , however , Democrat Rep. Roger Goodman stood as the minority voice of reason when he told his colleagues : “ A ‘ no ’ vote … is a vote for prohibition and the illegal markets that it spawns .
A ‘ yes ’ vote is a vote for control . … A ‘ no ’ is a vote for continued chaos . ”
It ’s a lesson that the public has already learned — even if a majority of their elected officials have not .
Perhaps now is the time to teach them .
undefined
November 9th , 1429 , with her forces ’ weaponry and other supplies severely depleted following months of successful fighting , Joan of Arc dictated and signed the following letter to the population of Riom in the hope of rounding up replenishments in time for the Siege of La Charité .
Approximately 17 years of age and illiterate , Jeanne was more determined than ever to assist Charles VII in his battle to rid France of the English , but ample reinforcements never arrived and this particular siege was abandoned .
Luckily however , the most important , pivotal battle had already been won .
Tragically – less than two years later – young Jeanne was sold to the English , found guilty of heresy and then burnt at the stake .
Translated transcript follows , courtesy of Allen Williamson .
Transcript
Dear and good friends , you well know how the town of Saint - Pierre - le - Moutier was taken by assault , and with God ’s help I intend to clear out the other places which are against the King .
But because so much gunpowder , projectiles , and other war materials had been expended before this town , and because myself and the lords who are at this town are so poorly supplied for laying siege to La Charité , where we will be going shortly , I pray you , upon whatever love you have for the well - being and honor of the King and also all the others here , that you will immediately send and donate for the siege gunpowder , saltpeter , sulfur , projectiles , arbalestes and other materials of war .
And do well enough in this matter that the siege will not be prolonged for lack of gunpowder and other war materials , and that no one can say you were negligent or unwilling .
Dear and good friends , may Our Lord protect you .
Written at Moulins the ninth day of November .
( Signed , ‘ Jehanne ’ )
They are not in Topeka anymore .
Residents of the city in Kansas are abuzz after their mayor signed a proclamation that for the month of March Topeka will be known as " Google . "
It ’s part of a campaign to get Google to roll out a 1 - gigabit - per - second fiber - optic broadband network to the city and its 120,000 residents .
Municipalities across the country are competing to land the super - fast network .
This is not an official , legal name change , just more of a request that people honor the proclamation to make a stronger case to Google that Topeka should be the one .
Interest is high .
Facebook groups have sprung up to plug different locales .
Interestingly , Topeka has tried this gimmick before .
In August 1998 , the city changed its name to “ ToPikachu ” after the Pokemon character .
Other municipalities have gotten into the Internet name - game .
Halfway , Ore. , earned its spot in dot - com history by renaming itself Half.com in exchange for $ 100,000 , school computers and other benefits .
EBay bought Half.com in 2001 .
-- Jessica Guynn
Photo credit : Mark Lennihan / Associated Press
A nanoparticle growing in popularity as a bactericidal agent has been shown to be toxic to fish , according to a Purdue University study .
Tested on fathead minnows -- an organism often used to test the effects of toxicity on aquatic life -- nanosilver suspended in solution proved toxic and even lethal to the minnows .
When the nanosilver was allowed to settle , the solution became several times less toxic but still caused malformations in the minnows .
" Silver nitrate is a lot more toxic than nanosilver , but when nanosilver was sonicated , or suspended , its toxicity increased tenfold , " said Maria Sepúlveda , an assistant professor of forestry and natural resources whose findings were published in the journal Ecotoxicology .
" There is reason to be concerned . "
Sepúlveda and doctoral student Geoff Laban exposed fathead minnows to nanosilver at several stages of their development , from embryo to the point where they swim up from the bottom of their habitats to eat for the first time .
Even without sonication , nanosilver caused malformations that included head hemorrhages and edema , and ultimately proved lethal .
Using electron microscopy , Sepúlveda was able to detect nanosilver particles measuring 30 nanometers or less inside the minnow embryos .
Thirty nanometers is more than 3,000 times smaller than the diameter of a human hair .
" These nanosilver particles are so small they are able to cross the egg membranes and move into the fish embryos in less than a day , " Sepúlveda said .
" They had a potentially high dose of silver in them . "
Nanosilver is growing in popularity as a component of many products .
It is used to kill bacteria in goods such as odor - control clothing , countertops , cutting boards and detergents .
Currently , there are few regulations for nanosilver 's applications in products , but Ron Turco , professor of agronomy and the paper 's co-author , said the Environmental Protection Agency is reviewing the situation .
advertisement
Turco also indicated there has been little work done to estimate the current level of nanosilver being released into the environment .
" Silver has been used in the past as an antimicrobial agent .
It 's a known toxicant to microorganisms , " he said .
" Nanosilver is being considered by the EPA for environmental exposure profiling , much like a pesticide . "
Turco said it 's unclear how nanosilver exposure might affect human health ; however , he said that silver solutions have been considered by some to be a probiotic , and low dosages are sometimes consumed for intestinal health .
" The use of nanosilver could provide a number of sanitary benefits if used properly , " Turco said .
" However , the indiscriminate inclusion of nanosilver into products to simply allow them to say they are antimicrobial is creating a cautionary issue . "
Sepúlveda said she plans to develop tests to understand the effect different nanoparticles have on fish and other organisms .
She also wants to develop testing to determine nanosilver concentrations in the environment .
" How are we going to know the risk unless we know the concentration of these particles ? " Sepúlveda said .
Purdue University 's Discovery Park funded the research .
ANDOVER BOROUGH —
A former West Orange policeman was sentenced today to 180 days in jail for threatening to kill his wife with a knife and his department - issued handgun during an argument at their Sussex County home .
Keith Reilly , 29 , brandished the knife and a .40 - caliber handgun when he threatened his wife during an alcohol - induced argument at their Andover Borough home on Oct. 16 , 2008 , law enforcement officials said .
Superior Court Judge N. Peter Conforti , sitting in Newton , also sentenced Reilly to four years ’ probation and ordered him to undergo anger management counseling , attend Alcoholics Anonymous meetings and perform 100 hours of community service instructing others about the dangers of alcohol abuse , said Sussex County First Assistant Prosecutor Gregory Mueller .
As a result of his conviction , Reilly will be barred from ever getting another job in law enforcement and his employment as a West Orange policeman was terminated , said Mueller .
As part of a plea bargain , Reilly pleaded guilty on Jan. 13 to making terroristic threats and criminal restraint , both third - degree crimes .
A more serious charge of first - degree kidnapping , filed against Reilly for holding his wife against her will , was dismissed as part of the deal .
Prior to entering his guilty plea , Reilly , who was honored as West Orange ’s best police officer in 2007 , told the judge that he drank two beers prior to the three - hour incident .
He said he never meant to hurt his wife .
Motz Tiny Wood FM Radio and iPod Speaker
Published Tuesday , January 26 , 2010 3:12 PM
I think this thing is absolutely awesome .
I fully functional FM radio in a tiny bundle , that you can even connect to your ipod and use it like a speaker .
The on and off switch is on the back as well as an expanding antenna .
The button on the front will skim for FM channels for you to listen .
The power status light is cleverly hidden in the bottom left in one of the speak holes .
It is currently only available in Korea so if you want one you will have to stumble through Earlyshop.com to get one .
Let 's just hope that an American shop picks these up soon because I would love to get my hands on one .
Buy Motz Radios @ Amazon VIA TechnaBOB
By David Wharton
Peter Jackson ' strilogy is making its long - awaited appearance on Blu-ray April 6th , but if you 're more of an old - school fan you 'll also be able to pick up Ralph Bakshi 's 1978 animated take on Tolkien 's classics that same day .
The film made extensive use of rotoscoping and boasted a voice cast including John Hurt as Aragorn and Anthony Daniels as Legolas .
It covers about half of the trilogy , which is kind of a bummer since Bakshi 's intended sequel never materialized for various reasons .
Warners is releasing theon both Blu-ray and DVD , with both versions sporting a remastered copy of the film .
Unfortunately , it does n't look like fans will get much in the way of extras , with only one featurette listed : " Ralph Bakshi -- Forging Through The Darkness : The Ralph Bakshi Vision for . "
Guest post by Tony Brown
— — –
Introduction
In March 2009 Leonard Weinstein , ScD pr o vided an inter e sting thesis entitled ‘ Limitations on Anthropogenic Global Warming ’ which was carried on The Air Vent and subsequently updated here o n this link ;
The author pro vided much interesting information but in extending the C O 2 record back to 1850 naturally used the accepted ice core figures rather than contemporary readings comp iled by many leading scientists of the time .
These historic C O 2 records show a sta r tlingly different view to our current understanding that levels of this trace gas were constant until the 20 th century , then escalated rapidly .
Figure 1 ; The IPCC view of C O 2 variations http://climatex.org/articles/climate-change-info/climate-change-impacts-oxfordshire-words-and-pictu/
Consequently in this article I have endeavoured to look at the little known social aspects of C O 2 from the 18 th Century onwards , in order to demonstrate that accurately measuring this gas was a common place occurrence and that the historic records appear to show that levels have changed little over the past 200 years .
As general background , t he B ritish G ovt then – as now – like d to regula t e industries ( in th is case setting CO 2 levels in factories at 900 ppm in 1887 ) and d id n’t tend to stipulate legally binding regulations unless they ha d the means to measure , enforce , and subsequently fine transgressors
Figure 2 – Historic CO2 measurements
http://www.biomind.de/realCO2/
I nevitably , i n trying to tie all the complex elements of the social , regulatory , and scientific story together , there is a great deal of text , links and graphs .
For those with li mited time to explore the past in detail I have highlighted several ‘ KEY ’ links which will prov i de some context to the development of 19 th Century C O 2 measurements and their subsequent discarding by the IPCC .
The early days
CO2 was not of course discovered by Charles Keeling in 1958 nor even measured by him for the first time around that date .
The composition of the atmosphere and the nature of the gases within it had been well understood for many years , partially due to the special circumstances of the mining industry .
Interestingly the existence of CO2 and the nature of the atmosphere was recognised as far back as ancient Rome , because of mining ; ( As an aside many high level Roman mines in the Alps were overwhelmed by ice as the Empire declined as the climate turned down )
Extract from this link ;
http://www.cmhrc.co.uk/cms/document/air_flow_2007.pdf
“ As recorded by Agricola ( 1 ) , Pliny ( AD 23 to 79 ) describes how , in Roman times , gases dangerous to humans sometimes occurred in pits and wells .
He also describes how they were detected by observing the behaviour of a dog or lighted candle when lowered down the shaft .
They were removed by passing a current of fresh air through the workings .
In British coal mines one such dangerous gas , almost certainly being encountered by the fourteenth century , was called ‘ blackdamp ’ or ‘ chokedamp ’ .
This was probably in response to the fact that its presence was indicated by naked flames being extinguished and humans suffocating .
Blackdamp is now recognised as occurring due to the presence underground of oxidising processes , including breathing humans , burning candles and the spontaneous combustion of coal .
Thus it would have been particularly prevalent in workings not scoured by a current of fresh air drawn in from the surface . ”
Increasing need for coal in the fourteenth century was undoubtedly spurred by the lurch from the MWP into much cooler times .
The existence of CO2 itself , and its proportions in the atmosphere , was identified as far back as 1756 by Joseph Black , at the start of a rapid increase of chemistry knowledge that laid the foundations for our modern understanding of the subject .
The nature of CO2 and its effects were well understood by the late 1700 ’s and the first measurements of CO2 concentrations were carried out around that time .
These became increasingly accurate as the 19th century commenced , with measurements routinely undertaken in various fields including medical , mining and industry .
As far back as March 23 1778 Scheele provided the first definitive reading of the composition of the air and commented on similarity of readings wherever they were made .
The following from this document ;
http://www.archive.org/stream/carnegieinstitut166carn/carnegieinstitut166carn_djvu.txt
“ One figure in this early history of air - analysis shines out above all others that of the scholarly , isolated Scheele .
That Scheele may rightly be designated as the pioneer in the study of the chemistry of the air few who examine the literature can deny .
His results , while admittedly of no quantitative significance , do nevertheless imply a knowledge of the chemistry of the air , of its composition , and of the possibilities of change in its composition , which was expressed no more clearly by other writers many years later . ”
Around this time Cavendish made some 500 samples of air by nitric oxide eudiometer and de Saussure took daily measurements for 3 years , this evolved into the more reliable hydrogen eudiometer .
These were very accurate and those scientists taking measurements from around 1800 were well aware of the importance of geography , weather , wind , season , altitude , contamination etc when taking a reading .
CO2 readings from 1790 to 1820 should be considered interesting ( and possibly approximately correct ) but it is from 1820 onwards that the level of reliability increased enough for us to consider a meaningful proportion of them as a useful record of their time and place .
In examining a few of the measurements taken at the time later in this article , it should be borne in mind that they are a fraction of many hundreds of thousands of independent readings taken by many scientists - several of them Nobel winners - from around 1830 to the advent of readings at Mauna Loa in 1957 by Charles Keeling .
It became common place to measure CO2 from the middle part of the 19th century and ensure action if they contravened agreed safety measurements in factories or mines , as laid down in local bye laws - mostly as a ventilation issue .
Readings were taken outdoors , indoors or in known hot spots–such as in cotton factories – where allowance was made for spot contamination from sources such as gas lights .
Tyndall - a famous name of course in climate science - worked with Robert Bunsen , who was one of very many who took CO2 measurements .
http://www.tyndall.ac.uk/general/history/john_tyndall_biography.shtml
Tyndall gave lectures to ‘ working men ’ at mines in the company of Huxley , the author of a compendium of studies of CO2 called ‘ Physiography - an introduction to the study of nature ” dated 1888 .
A fascinating section from his biography follows ;
“ In 1859 , aged 39 , Tyndall began investigating radiant heat and the acoustic properties of the atmosphere .
Part of his experimentation included the construction of the first ratio spectrophotometer which he used to measure the absorptive powers of gases such as water vapour , carbonic acid ( Which has the formula H 2 CO 3 and is a name often given to solutions of carbon dioxide in water ) , ozone and hydrocarbons .
Amongst his most important discoveries were the vast differences in the abilities of “ … perfectly colourless and invisible gases and vapours … ” to absorb and transmit radiant heat .
He noted that oxygen , nitrogen and hydrogen are almost transparent to radiant heat , whilst other gases are quite opaque . ”
Tyndall ’s experiments also showed that molecules of water vapour , carbon dioxide and ozone are the best absorbers of heat radiation and that even in small quantities these gases absorb much more strongly than the atmosphere itself , a phenomenon of great meteorological importance .
He concluded that among the constituents of the atmosphere , water vapour is the strongest absorber of radiant heat and is therefore the most important gas controlling the Earth ’s surface air temperature .
He said that without water vapour the Earth ’s surface would be “ held fast in the iron grip of frost ” .
He later speculated how “ changes in water vapour and carbon dioxide could be related to climate change . ”
By the mid 1850 ’s it was becoming recognised that in some work places various processes were being carried out that were possibly injurious to the operatives .
This effect was commented on by the novelist Mary Gaskell who in 1859 wrote ‘ North and South ’ where she described the manufacturing processes in the cotton industry .
This coincided with a study by Lethbridge in 1862 that looked at the problems of carbon monoxide and dioxide .
The Cotton Cloth factories act of 1889 was subsequently enacted setting actual limits for CO2 at 900 ppm ( modern commercial greenhouses operate at up to 1100 ppm ) .
Setting a legal limit had been debated in Parliament for some 20 years prior to this and the relative success of the Act subsequently observed in Hansard .
( The official record of the UK Parliament )
There was also a variety of legislation enacted to control a variety of problems in mines caused by various gases , including CO2 .
The various Coal mines acts of 1855 , 1887 , 1911 refer .
The 1887 act identified specific legal limits for CO2 .
Before the various mine acts could be passed various Royal commissions were set up and some 25 can be accessed from here , commencing in 1842 .
Concerns often centred round ventilation issues ;
http://www.cmhrc.co.uk/site/literature/royalcommissionreports/
In the following book more of the background that led to the Parliamentary Act can be read ( page 154 onwards ) which makes considerable mention of carbon dioxide in factories and how measurements should be controlled - by - for example - taking into account the gas lighting and the processes used to power various machines .
http://216.239.59.104/search?q=cache:yoxDE4U_T94J:www.victorianlondon.org/publications/westlondon-2.htm+cotton+industry+carbonic+acide+levels+victorian+era&hl=en&ct=clnk&cd=7&gl=uk
A complete bibliography of the cotton industry and the activities of the Roscoe commission - who investigated the effects of the carbon dioxide levels for Parliament - can be found here ;
http://www.spinningtheweb.org.uk/web/objects/common/webmedia.php?irn=257
Throughout the 19th century the measuring methods had become increasingly accurate , commencing at the start of the century at around plus or minus 3 % until by 1850 accuracy was said to be within 0.1 % .
Legislation led to a rash of ever more sophisticated methods for measuring CO2 , including a patent around 1895 .
This level of accuracy was perhaps not surprising as the basic principles of chemistry were increasingly well understood as the century had progressed .
Further reference to the social elements is here - of particular relevance is the section entitled ‘ The first limits ’ .
http://annhyg.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/content/full/48/4/299
In due course , as more sophisticated machines for measuring CO2 came into general use , market leaders established themselves , including Haldane and Sonden Patterson of Stockholm .
Charles Keeling makes references to Prof Haldane who created a highly accurate device for measuring carbon dioxide in the 1890 ’s which was used in mining and medical situations ( exhalation ) , his obituary linked below confirms his knowledge of the subject .
http://www.dmm.org.uk/archives/a_obit20.htm
The following is in connection with Haldane ’s work for the Admiralty in measuring CO2 levels for divers ;
http://www.divernet.com/cgi-bin/articles.pl?id=2602&sc=1040&ac=d&an=2602:Grace+under+pressure…
The device he invented became a portable version and was part of the standard equipment in various organisations including hospitals , as can be seen in this inventory ;
http://janus.lib.cam.ac.uk/db/node.xsp?id=EAD%2FGBR%2F1919%2FAHRF%208%2F176
This 1912 document has already been referenced in connection with Scheele ;
http://www.archive.org/stream/carnegieinstitut166carn/carnegieinstitut166carn_djvu.txt
In addition there are two other famous chemistry studies of especial interest , one of which has already been mentioned ;
‘ Physiography : An Introduction to the Study of Nature ’ by T H Huxley published in 1885 , where typical values converted to ppm are generally from 327 to 380 .
The measurements were carried out by Angus Smith and are originally given in his book ‘ Air and Rain ’ published in 1872 .
( The 327 ppm recording was taken on top of Ben Nevis , Britain ’s highest mountain at some 4000 feet ) .
( This latter book is still available for free loan from the UK library service )
So do those early observations of CO2 match other data ?
There are numerous bibliographies that demonstrate the considerable scientific attention being paid to CO2 at the time and it is apparent that past generations of scientists are much more knowledgeable and meticulous than the IPCC give them credit for ;
The following information and quotations comes from the 1912 document , except where stated ;
As an aside , there was friction even then between the two sides who had their own way of taking samples and who constantly criticised each others science .
Kreusler being said to having taken ‘ great exception to his critics ’ over his methodology to which he retorted they related to ‘ but one set of samples which had already been identified as false and withdrawn . ’
The following CO2 sample figures ( in ppm ) are from well observed locations / times and conditions ; ( some indoors , some countryside )
Nov 1884 036 037 039 041 050 055 0389 0391 040 044 044 048
A week later under the same criteria ;
049 540 380 410 416 430 400 370 370 400 440
Feb 1885 sees a set of consistent samples from a rural area ;
350 340 340 340 351 and a week later 370 350 360 340 350
In 1902 Krogh took some Greenland samples said to be accurate to .0005 to .01 % .
measured at 700 ppm
“ In a private communication from Dr. Krogh , he reports that a series of experiments made by him in Greenland in 1908 showed oxygen percentages ranging from 20.895 to 20.980 , with an average of 20.945 .
The unusually high carbon - dioxide percentages of former years were not obtained , ( up to 700 ) although two observations gave 0.055 per cent .
Dr. Krogh also writes that in 1907 and 1908 Dr. Lindhard of Copenhagen made observations in northeast Greenland ( Denmark Haven ) using the identical modified Pettersson apparatus described by Dr. Krogh in a former paper .
He reports that Lindhard ’s results would be liable to about 0.001 per cent error , and they agreed perfectly with those found by himself on the west coast .
Lindhard generally found about 0.035 per cent of carbon dioxide , but on one or two days it was below 0.03 per cent , and on 5 days out of 23 , 0.04 per cent or more .
The maximum value found was 0.062 per cent . ”
The very high Greenland figures ( 620 to 700 ppm ) appear absurd and the analysis at the time says ;
“ The one inexplicable phenomenon is the abnormally high percentage of carbon dioxide found in the air of Greenland by Krogh . ”
Recent examination demonstrates that there may have been previously unidentified volcanic activity that increased the background figure .
Independent sets of samples from another scientist made in Paris in 1903 registered 300 ppm and in 1910 Bay of Genoa Naples ; cloudless sky ; temp , on Moist 0.034
Equipment evolved quickly throughout the 19th Century ; “ Eudiometric observations were exclusively relied upon during the first 50 years of the development of air - analysis , but later gravimetric methods were introduced by Brunner and Dumas in which the oxygen was absorbed by copper or phosphorus , and was subsequently weighed .
Then there followed a return to the hydrogen - explosion method , which was advanced to the highest degree of accuracy by Bunsen , Regnault , Frankland and Ward , and Morley .
Meanwhile the interesting method of Liebig , employing an alkaline solution of pyrogallic acid , and the copper eudiometer of von Jolly made their appearance . ”
“ Of particular significance is the fact that analyses made on the same samples sometimes showed extremely high values for carbon dioxide , ranging at times from 0.025 to 0.07 per cent . ”
( Definition ;
The art or process of determining the constituents of a gaseous mixture by means of the eudiometer , or for ascertaining the purity of the air or the amount of oxygen in it . )
The document referenced provides hundreds of pages of equipment , techniques , samples readings and tips on ensuring maximum accuracy of readings .
“ While the investigation was started primarily to study the oxygen -
content of the outdoor air , it was necessary to determine beforehand the carbon dioxide , since an alkaline absorbent for oxygen was employed ; hence practically all the analyses are accompanied by simultaneous determinations of the carbon dioxide in the air .
In the especially exact apparatus designed by Sonden and Pettersson , the carbon dioxide is determined to the third or fourth significant figure , but as the amounts of carbon dioxide that were to be used in our apparatus might at times reach 1 per cent , it was impossible to secure this degree of fineness in the calibration of the carbon - dioxide pipette , hence readings can be taken only to one - thousandth of 1 per cent .
Consequently , since other methods are better adapted for securing accurate carbon - dioxide determinations , little stress has been laid upon the determinations made in connection with this research , although they are probably accurate to within 0.002 in all cases .
The routine outlined was followed with practically no modification from April 5 up to Nov. 3 , 1909 . “
There then followed a long series of hourly and daily recordings observed in the referenced book , a fraction of which are reproduced here ;
Table 50 .
Results obtained on sample of outdoor air with
first routine , April 5 , 1909 , 11 h 45 m a. m. 0.029 0.031
Table 51 .
Analyses of outdoor air made at the Nutrition Laboratory .
1 Series
1909 .
Apr. 5 onwards almost daily to June 3 and virtually every hour
Then Oct. 18 to December
0.031 .032 .028 .026 .029 .030 .027 .030 .027 .029 .030 .029
.030 .031 .032 .030 .031 .031 .031 .032 .032 .030 .030 .032 .030
.028 .028 ‘.028 .029 .029 .031 .028 .030 .029 .029 .029 .031 .029
.028 .030 .029 .031
Another series Table 52 .
Results obtained on sample of outdoor air with
second routine , November 4 , igog , g b /o m a. m. 0.035 0.036
1909 Pleasant , warm and sunny .
0.034 .033 .034 .031 .029 .028 .029 .031 .032 .033 .032 .030 .030
.031 .031 .031 .032 .034 .032 .029 .031 .032 .030 .030 .028 .033
.031 .031 .030 .028 .028 .028 .028 .029 .030 .028 .031 .031.030
.030 .031 .030 .028 .033 .032 .032 .034 .030 .032 .033 .030 .029
.028 .030 .028 .030 .029 .030 .028 .030 .029 .030 .031 .031 .033
.030 .030 .033 .031 .032 .031 .031 .031
An experiment had to conform to strict criteria ;
“ …. would be thoroughly mixed and have a fairly constant composition .
Employing precisely the same technical routine , samples of the cylinder air were frequently analyzed as a control on the analyses of the outdoor air . ”
The results of these analyses made between December 3 , 1910 , and February 9 , 1911 , are given in table 54 .
1911 . Dec. 9 2 56 p.m..032
Jan. 21 2 32 p.m. .031
Dec. 10 10 14 a.m. .031 3 43 p.m. .033
Dec. 13 12 02 p.m. .034
Jan. 23 9 37 a.m. .032
Dec. 15 11 52 a.m. .031 10 52 a.m. .033
Dec. 22 2 31 p.m. .033
Jan. 31 10 03 a.m. .032 3 43 p.m. .033
11 30 a.m. .033 4 52 p.m. .034
Feb. 9 .034
At this stage it became pointless to continue recording the information of thousands of samples , as the figures consistently show readings of up to around .034 or so throughout the daily readings made in Dec 1911 through to 1912 - the measurement records can all be seen in the document referenced and confirmed in the various bibliographies available ;
“ The results of analyses of air taken near the laboratory showed no material fluctuation in oxygen percentage during a period extending from April 15 , 1911 , to January 30 , 1912 .
This constancy was maintained in spite of all possible alteration in weather conditions , changes in barometer , thermometer , humidity , and wind direction and strength ; furthermore , the experiments were made before , during , and after the vegetative season .
The average result of 212 analyses showed 0.031 per cent of carbon dioxide and 20.938 per cent of oxygen .
The analyses of air collected over the ocean , at two different times of the year , and on the top of Pike ’s Peak , gave essentially similar results .
The average results of all the analyses made in this research of outdoor air are summarized in table 72 . ”
That CO2 readings became commonplace in Victorian times can be seen here ;
“ It will be seen , therefore , that since there are a number of simple and accurate methods for determining carbon dioxide , so the time - consuming and complicated determinations of oxygen are entirely unnecessary . ”
Comment on Methodology ; “ The wisdom of taking samples dry is seen from these results , since in all dry samples the percentage of carbon dioxide was found to be always normal . ”
These apparently higher than expected historic CO2 figures are noted by this separate study in 1981 ;
http://www.springerlink.com/content/v4655l63w6342p84/
“ Abstract from articles
The longest continuous record of measurements of atmospheric CO 2 concentration available to date , that was made between 1877 and 1910 at the Montsouris Observatory in the outskirts of Paris , is presented and the methods used and the site are described …..
…. Mean decadal values of the Montsouris series show a marked rise in concentration from 283 ppm in the first decade to 313 ppm in the second , with a small and non significant drop to 309 ppm in the third decade of the series .
The results of the measurements are thus compatible with the hypothesis that a major and variable non-fossil fuel source of atmospheric CO 2 was active during the last quarter of the nineteenth century . ”
The link below leads to a 1917 study where the means to analyse CO2 is taken as the norm and viewed as a simple procedure .
http://www.jbc.org/cgi/reprint/33/1/47.pdf
That CO2 levels can vary considerably in a year ( readings taken weekly and averaged at Mauna Loa ) might be surprising , but it does occur ;
http://cdiac.ornl.gov/ftp/ndp001a/ndp001a.pdf
The above study by Keeling , ( for example a location in Canada ) ranges from 360 to 378 ppm ( seasonal changes amongst others )
The article from the following link examines the concept of urban CO2 domes and contains an interesting diagram ;
http://www.co2science.org/subject/u/summaries/phxurbanco2dome.php
Extract ; “ Idso et al. ( 1998a ) measured air temperature , relative humidity and atmospheric CO2 concentration at a height of two meters above the ground at approximate 1.6 - km ( 1.0 - mile ) intervals prior to sunrise and in the middle of the afternoon across four transect routes through the metropolitan area of Phoenix , Arizona , during a five - day period in January of 1998 .
These data revealed the presence of what they called an “ urban CO2 dome , ” the two - meter - height atmospheric CO2 concentrations of which were found to be as high as 555 ppm at the center of the city . ”
The apparent considerable natural variation in CO2 - see figure 3 - due to ocean to air exchange ( amongst other factors ) puts the apparently irrational variable figures from the 19th Century onwards into context , yet IPCC AR4 suggests a remarkably constant 285 ppm at this time , despite the expected outgasing and inflow caused by variability in ocean temperatures .
The IPCC icon is Mauna Loa so it is instructive to go to the oracle so see what that says about variability ; - this link shows how observations are made in general ;
http://www.mlo.noaa.gov/programs/coop/scripps/co2/co2.html
The following link goes into more detailed specifics ;
http://www.esrl.noaa.gov/gmd/ccgg/about/co2_measurements.html#variations
Figure 4 shows the range of the mole fraction in ‘ scatter ’ measurements whilst figure 5a demonstrates real world conditions and the variation of CO2 in the atmosphere shown in the top part of that graph , and in the bottom section the effect when averaged out over a day , so the 335 ppm to 368 ppm again puts the observed variability in the historic samples in much better context .
The overall effect of taking CO2 measurements at Mauna Loa situated on top of an active volcano at over 3000 m altitude and surrounded by a constantly outgasing warm ocean shall be left to others to debate , but the averaging disguises the considerable daily variability .
Outgasing of CO2 occurs when oceans are warm , interestingly the 1912 readings mentioned earlier contains this note ;
“ When the air - analyses were resumed in the fall , after a summer of unprecedented heat in Boston … ”
“ ANALYSES OF AIR FROM PIKE’S PEAK .
( 14000 feet altitude )
The interesting expedition to the top of Pike ’s Peak made by Haldane ,
Yandell Henderson , Douglas , and Schneider , in the summer of 1911 , was
utilized in that these gentlemen kindly consented to collect samples of air for this research …. possibly resulting from the extreme heat of the summer , which had been abnormal for this section . ”
There are a number of interim observations we can make before examining in the next section as to why the figure of 280 ppm pre industrial became the accepted norm .
* From Victorian times readings were taken widely and frequently
* Measurements were taken by established scientists using reliable methods
* Levels consistently show around 310 and above - with 330/350 frequently attained
* CO2 levels varied considerably throughout the period 1820 - 1957
* Allowance was made for possible disruptions to readings - for example sources of CO2 were identified - such as from gas lamps
* European CO2 levels immediately prior to the commencement of the Keeling data in 1957 appeared to be around 30 ppm higher than he recorded
* Averaging disguises the ranges .
* The current levels of CO2 are not unprecedented if the historic records are accurate
Section Two How 280 ppm became the accepted pre industrial norm .
At this stage it becomes necessary to examine why 280 ppm became the figure accepted by the IPCC , even though there was overwhelming documentary evidence to show this figure was rather on the low side , and levels were anyway subject to much more fluctuation than modern records seem to indicate .
( This paper does not go into the separate subject as to whether temperature rises first , followed by increased CO2 , or the timescale of cause and effect )
Anyone reading the following should put themselves into the mindset of those creating the science of CO2 measurements from the 1950 ’s who were especially influenced by the measurements taken by an amateur meteorologist - G S Callendar - some years previously .
The accessibility of data should also be taken into account - we take instant information for granted and can make ready comparison with numerous sources at the touch of a button .
In making these caveats we look at this extract from the Book ‘ The Callendar effect ’ as this gentleman is known as the Father of the AGW theory and is someone who greatly influenced Charles Keeling .
“ Callendar ’s 1938 paper did not include a citation of Arrhenius ’s 1896 paper , although there are many parallels between the two .
Callendar analysed just one set of data on atmospheric CO2 content taken at Kew , near London , between 1898 and 1900 .
These data were taken near a source of CO2 and were analytically very uncertain .
From this analysis , he concluded that at around 1900 the free atmosphere over the North Atlantic region contained 274 ± 5 parts per million ( p.p.m. ) of CO2 .
Then , after arguing that only a small fraction of the CO2 from combustion of fossil fuels would dissolve in the ocean , he calculated from an estimated global production rate of CO2 the amount that he thought would be there in 1936 ( 290 p.p.m. ) , 2000 ( 314–317 ) , 2100 ( 346–358 ) and 2200 ( 373–396 ) .
With a simple model of the absorption of infrared radiation , he worked out the amount of global warming to be expected from his predicted CO2 levels , concluding that temperature would then have been increasing at a rate of about 0.03 °C per decade .
Callendar ’s 1938 attribution of early twentieth - century warming to CO2 increase might have been believable if global cooling had not ensued in the 1960s and 1970s . ”
Callendar was a noted amateur meteorologist and steam engineer .
After reading his papers - and corresponding with him - Keeling used that research as the basis for his own estimates of CO2 .
From Callendars biography ;
“ In 1944 climatologist Gordon Manley noted Callendar ’s valuable contributions to the study of climatic change .
A decade later , Gilbert Plass and Charles Keeling consulted with Callendar as they began their research programs .
Just before the beginning of the International Geophysical Year in 1957 , Hans Seuss and Roger Revelle referred to the “ Callendar effect ” — defined as climatic change brought about by anthropogenic increases in the concentration of atmospheric carbon dioxide , primarily through the processes of combustion . ”
Callendar examined 19th and 20th century CO2 measurements , and rejected those he considered inaccurate for a variety of reasons , the ones he selected led him to conclude that the pre-industrial CO2 level was about 290 ppm ( G. S. Callendar , “ The Composition of the Atmosphere through the Ages , ” The Meteorological Magazine , vol .
74 , No. 878 , March 1939 , pp. 33-39 . )
This seemingly low 280/290 ppm figure is important , as it is the one that Charles Keeling subsequently accepted .
Among the criteria that Callendar used to reject measurements were any that deviated by 10 % or more from the average of the region , and any taken for special purposes such as such as “ biological , soil , air , atmospheric pollution ” .
The first criteria is said to be a rather circular argument , while the second seems to ignore the accuracy of the results .
Whatever the validity of these exclusions , it turned out that the mean of 19th century samples he chose to include was 292 ppm .
The mean of the samples he had available to include was 335-350 ppm ( although these would have been towards the top end of the spread ) .
Selecting measurements from the low end of the spectrum was robustly justified in the article Fonselius and the history of CO 2 measurement carried here ;
http://www.someareboojums.org/blog/?p=25
Extract ; “ Fonselius et al . go on to discuss how CO 2 measurements might be improved and collection extended , remarking that in the diagram , ( contained in the link ) the values used by Callendar and our mean values are encircled and we can see that our values fit in quite well .
This analysis seems at variance with the information now available and that Keeling later came to believe in the accuracy of the old measurements he had previously rejected as being too high is demonstrated in his own autobiography .
Ironically Callendar in the last years of his life also doubted his own AGW hypothsesis .
Similarly whilst Arrhenius ’ first paper on the likely effect of doubling CO2 – with temperature rises up to 5 C – is often quoted , his second paper ten years later– when he basically admitted he had got his initial calculations wrong - is rarely heard .
In this latter paper he estimated a figure of 0.7C for doubling , although the base CO2 measurement used might be contentious .
During the 19th century –and up to 1957 with the inception of the monitoring station at Mauna Loa– it was widely accepted that the ‘ normal ’ level for Co2 was 400 p pm .
As already mentioned the catalyst for overturning this long held belief was Callendar ’s seminal paper in 1938 linking CO2 in the atmosphere with mans emissions of the gas and rising temperatures .
This is the Callendar document concerned in its original 1938 book form ; ( KEY LINK )
http://www.rmets.org/pdf/qjcallender38.pdf
After perusing Callendars ’ extensive archives ( available on DVD ) his thought processes can be clearly followed in the numerous notes he made .
He had compiled his theory and like many with a mission wanted to ensure the evidence supported it .
The comment by Coste ( see below ) can not be beaten , as clearly Mr Callendar had been considered by his peers - if not by ‘ someareboojums ’- to have been highly selective in deciding which CO2 readings to use .
The Callendar paper was severely criticised at the time - none more eloquently or politely than in this paper by renowned US meteorologist and science writer Giles Slocum who wrote a critique of it in 1954 ;
“ At the time Callendar delivered his 1938 paper Mr J H Coste suggested that the accurate CO2 content at the turn of the century had been considered to be about 0.04 % and not the 0.029 % indicated by the measurements cited …. and asked can we be sure that there has been any net increase at all ? ”
The elegant demolition of the Callendar theory - that man had increased CO2 readings from a constant 280 ppm since pre industrial times - is linked below .
( KEY LINK )
http://www.pensee-unique.fr/001_mwr-083-10-0225.pdf
( Slocum )
Those inclined to agree with the supposition that CO2 is a gas that varies substantially in concentration will be intrigued by this note recorded in Slocums ’ paper as follows
“ Since Callendar by basing his hypothesis on statistical data has tacitly invented the laws of statistical evidence , it is fitting to examine the validity of his procedure , that of using only the data he believed to be of the best quality available , rejecting the rest . ”
The tiny annual linear increase in CO2 concentrations as recorded at Mauna Loa seems surprising , as it might be reasonably expected to reflect the considerable variations measured prior to 1957 which seems to reflect the size of the natural CO2 flux - particularly with the oceans– as can be seen in figure 3 .
Figure 3 ; http://www.greenworldtrust.org.uk/Science/Curious.htm
The interchange of CO2 was thoroughly discussed in this paper by Roy Spencer http://wattsupwiththat.com/2009/05/12/spencer-on-an-alternate-view-of-co2-increases/
All of which serves to illustrate that modern readings are at complete variance with the older ones , both in terms of concentrations and also as regards the degree of variability .
The main case for the modern belief in the validity of Callendar ’s figures –reflected in the Mauna Loa readings - lies in two pieces of evidence .
Modern evidence for escalating levels of CO2
The first concerns ice core readings which are said to confirm the pre industrial level of 280 p pm .
The linked paper is a detailed examination of how ice core samples are made and goes into the complexities of fractionation , whereby CO2 bubbles trapped in ice may become contaminated by levels from a different time scale .
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science?_ob=ArticleURL&_udi=B6V61-4JCBM1K-2&_user=10&_rdoc=1&_fmt=&_orig=search&_sort=d&_docanchor=&view=c&_searchStrId=997456000&_rerunOrigin=google&_acct=C000050221&_version=1&_urlVersion=0&_userid=10&md5=88c979727c5b3e9e0f2ad469f0ce386e
The analysis of ice cores is a new and complex science that gives proxy readings many hundreds ( and hundreds of thousands ) of years after the event .
Ice core accuracy is hotly disputed by such as Professor Jaworowski in this link ;
http://www.warwickhughes.com/icecore/
Professor Jaworowski was comprehensively dismissed in this article
The Golden Horseshoe Award : Jaworowski and the vast CO 2 conspiracy
Carried here http://www.someareboojums.org/blog/?p=7
Extract ;
“ To honor exceptional achievement in mendacity , I would like to present the Golden Horseshoe Award to that writer who has out - performed his or her peers in density of false statements per column - inch .
To receive the first Golden Horseshoe Award , I can think of no more worthy recipient than Zbigniew Jaworowski . ”
Jaworowski’s paper certainly had its faults but hardly warranted this sort of treatment .
At the start of this article I referred to Leonard Weinstein ’s , ScD excellent and comprehensive thesis entitled ‘ Limitations on Anthropogenic Global Warming ’
This explores ice core methodology in some detail under the sub heading ; “ The Question of Reliability of Older CO2 level determination ” from which this informative extract is derived :
“ CO 2 determined from glacier ice core gas bubbles has been used to indicate the atmospheric CO 2 level at the time the bubbles formed .
The frozen core sample is crushed to obtain the trapped gas from the bubbles and directly find the CO 2 concentration .
There is no direct supporting evidence that this is a valid technique .
In order to examine the reasonableness of the process , the following discussion examines three possible issues .
The first issue arises from the porous nature of the compressing ice , which may take from about a hundred years to possibly as long as thousands of years before it seals off completely .
This would result in diffusion averaging of composition , and very likely lose resolving even large variations in atmospheric CO 2 occurring over shorter periods than the time to seal off .
This is probably the cause of the near constant indicated CO 2 composition over long periods .
The second issue arises from the comparison of levels and trends of CO 2 made by other techniques .
In particular , a set of measurements was made using the inverse relation between atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration and stomatal frequency in tree leaves to provide a method for detecting and quantifying century - scale carbon dioxide fluctuations ( Wagner , F. , Bohncke , S.J.P. , Dilcher , D.L. , Kurschner , W.M. , van Geel , B. and Visscher , H. 1999 .
Century - scale shifts in early Holocene atmospheric CO 2 concentration .
Science 284 : 1971-1973 . ) .
The results indicated CO 2 levels varied considerably over the last several thousands years , and in some cases came much closer to present high levels than indicated in ice cores ( to at least as high as ~ 348 ppm ) .
In fact , a significant part of the difference between stomatal frequency based data and ice core data may be related to the first issue above .
The third issue relates to the CO 2 content of trapped air being selectively reduced by dissolving in either a quasi - liquid or liquid layer .
According to an article by John S. Wettlaufer and J. Greg Dashbears at : http://www.bushwalking.org.au/FAQ/FAQ_MeltBelowZero.htm
“ Ice has a quasi - liquid film , a natural state of solid ice formed by a process called surface melting , at temperatures down to near – 40OC ” .
This layer has some structural characteristics of the solid below it but has the mobility and solubility of a fluid .
This layer can contain dissolved gases such as CO 2 .
In addition , there is the possibility of some liquid water being present in the ice even at temperatures below normal freezing .
The rise in summer temperature and prolonged sunlight could even form melt layers ( possibly subsurface ) during glacier formation .
When the melt liquid forms , the high solubility in the liquid could preferentially ( compared to O 2 and N 2 ) take in a significant quantity of CO 2 .
At release of pressure , when cores are drilled and raised , there could be some preferential CO 2 loss from the micro cracks in the cores , or the ice could retain excess CO 2 separate from the air bubbles .
Conclusions from the above are :
1 . The process of the formation of glaciers may result in temporal smoothing of results on a time scale long enough to miss large level variations of CO 2 lasting possibly hundreds of years .
2 . Some alternate techniques that determine CO 2 concentration over time contradict the slow changing ice record , but this may in fact be due to 1 ) .
This could mean present levels are not quite so extremely high or unusually fast changing as thought .
3. Quasi-liquid films and liquid water occurring during glacier formation could be a significant source of CO 2 removal from trapped air bubbles , especially near the freezing point .
Significant amounts of CO 2 may preferentially dissolve even in a small amount of quasi - liquid or liquid .
This could result in a preferential reduction of the CO 2 concentration in the larger gas bubbles .
The final result is not a demonstration that the results are wrong , but that there is some room for doubt for the reliability of ice core bubble composition to determine older CO 2 concentrations in air , and a more reliable method to determine older CO 2 atmospheric concentrations is badly needed . ”
Certainly the question marks hanging over the complexities of this aspect of climate science does not enable this proxy method to automatically trump the observations of 130 years of direct measurement from 1830 up to Keeling ’s own series of analysis commencing in 1957 .
The second proof used to discount historic readings comes from analysing the man made ‘ fingerprint ’ of modern CO2 ;
http://www.manicore.com/anglais/documentation_a/greenhouse/anthropic.html
Extract ;
“ CO2 emissions coming from the use of fossil fuels will be comparatively poorer in carbon 13 ( especially for coal , less for oil and gas ) but will be exempt of carbon 14 , as explained above .
It is now observed that the atmospheric CO2 is getting poorer in carbon 14 and in carbon 13 .
The decrease of the proportion of carbon 13 indicates that the increase of CO2 in the atmosphere can’t come from the ocean ( otherwise the atmospheric CO2 would get richer in carbon 13 ) , and the decrease of the proportion of carbon 14 implies – as it is the only possibility – that emissions deriving from the use of fossil fuels contribute to the accumulation of CO2 in the atmosphere . ”
However this paper puts the data into a different context ;
http://climateresearchnews.com/2009/08/atmospheric-residence-time-of-man-made-co2/
Extract ; “ For principal verification of the adopted PSR model , the data source used was the outcome of the injection of excess 14CO2 into the atmosphere during the A - bomb tests in the 1950s / 1960s , which generated an initial increase of approximately 1000 % above the normal value and which then declined substantially exponentially with time , with τ = 16 years , in accordance with the ( unsteady - state ) prediction from and jointly providing validation for the PSR analysis .
With the short ( 5−15 year ) RT results shown to be in quasi-equilibrium , this then supports the ( independently based ) conclusion that the long - term ( 100 year ) rising atmospheric CO2 concentration is not from anthropogenic sources but , in accordance with conclusions from other studies , is most likely the outcome of the rising atmospheric temperature , which is due to other natural factors .
This further supports the conclusion that global warming is not anthropogenically driven as an outcome of combustion .
The economic and political significance of that conclusion will be self - evident . ”
So the historic records have not as yet been irrevocably disproved by modern evidence and deserve serious re appraisal .
The person who has carried out the most detailed scientifc examination of historic CO2 measurements is Ernst Beck , whose web site is linked here .
It has many diasgrams , graphs , ( from which Figure 2 came ) and numerous links to contemporary papers which appear to demonstrate that CO2 was accurately measured back to 1830 at levels substantially higher than the IPCC currently concedes .
( KEY LINK )
http://www.biomind.de/realCO2/
One of the most rational opponents of Becks historical records and a proponent of the accuracy of ice cores and mans carbon fingerprint is Ferdinand Engelbeen .
His web site contains much interesting information on all these aspects , although interestingly he remains something of a sceptic .
KEY LINK
http://www.ferdinand-engelbeen.be/klimaat/beck_data.html
This article has of necessity been wide ranging in order to give a reasonably comprehensive overview of the subject with information from both sides of the debate .
The author has looked at the social aspects - whereby CO2 measurement was a common occurrence from the early part of the 19th Century ; the quality of the scientists concerned and accuracy of their methods ; is aware of the growing knowledge of the chemistry of the atmosphere from that time ; read the scepticism shown by many such as Giles Slocum ; examined the manipulation of records by Callendar ; the endorsement of these selected figures by Charles Keeling and its acceptance by the IPCC without any real attempt to analyse the past , and finally examined the material that is said to disprove the validity of the old measurements .
Clearly if a constant CO2 level of 280 ppm had existed it should give a pretty constant climate through history and the Met office confirms this as follows ;
http://www.metoffice.gov.uk/climatechange/policymakers/policy/slowdown.html
Extract “ Before the twentieth century , when man -made greenhouse gas emissions really took off , there was an underlying stability to global climate .
The temperature varied from year to year , or decade to decade , but stayed within a certain range and averaged out to an approximately steady level . ”
However this statement directly contradicts our accepted view of the world before Michael Mann , the IPCC and the Met office came along , as observations , numerous written records , plus actual instrumental records from the past do not confirm this bold assertion .
Clearly temperatures did vary considerably in the past and if CO2 is a powerful climate driver it should surely move in unison with them - albeit the time lag of cause and effect is controversial .
Drawing on our knowledge before post modern climate science gained ascendancy , it is evident that even during the Little Ice age - which commenced around 1300 - there has been considerable fluctuations in temperature to levels much colder than - and around as warm as– today , a period largely covered by this graphic ;
Figure 4 http://www.ac.wwu.edu/~dbunny/research/global/glacialfluc.pdf
If this chart could be extended back from 1300 AD to around 800 AD it would cover the Medieval Warm Period with temperature levels somewhat higher than today , but again with its peaks and troughs .
The Roman optimum warm period - around 300 BC to 400 AD would also show temperatures at similar levels to the MWP but again with peaks and troughs .
( Few extended climatic periods are unremittingly warm or cold ) .
The modern era of temperature measurements starts at 1850 ( CRU ) and 1880 ( GISS ) each coinciding with a downturn reflecting the last outbreaks of LIA conditions .
Temperatures have trended up slowly since the low point of the LIA in the 1600’s
Actual instrumental records can be usefully represented by Central England Temperatures to 1660 , a set described by Hubert Lamb first director of CRU as being a good reflection of the Northern Hemisphere and to a lesser degree global trends .
The following link contains a graph showing CET .
http://cadenzapress.co.uk/download/beck_mencken_hadley.jpg
Clearly the instrumental record appears to pick up much more temperature variation than it might be thought should occur with CO2 at a constant 280 ppm pre–industrial ( 1750 ) or at 295 ppm in 1900 and rising steadily to today ’s values of 380 ppm – a level said to be causing unprecedented warming .
Looking at the climatic peaks and troughs illustrated in the graph stretching back from the modern era-and extending it with figure 4 through the LIA - it is a reasonable conclusion to draw that either CO2 is a weak climate driver , or that history has erased higher CO2 measurements that might explain those variations prior to the last half century , when our emissions are thought to be of such a significance that they are changing our climate .
This latter supposition was the approach I took in plotting a fraction of Beck ’s records ( shown as green dots ) against CET records back to 1660 which appear on the graph linked above .
Total cumulative man made CO2 emissions throughout this period are represented by the blue line along the bottom and come from CDIAC .
The temperature spikes make much more sense with these additional CO2 measurement points , and bearing in mind the well documented temperatures back to Roman times and beyond - to levels greater than and less than today - it is reasonable to conclude that in as much CO2 is a contributor to the climate driver mechanism , it is as part of natural CO2 variability within the overall carbon cycle whereby nature makes a far greater contribution than man .
Conclusion ;
We have a clear conundrum as the C13 C14 human fingerprint together with ice core analysis appear to directly contradict the work of our meticulous and conscientious forefathers who constantly strove to drive science forward .
To dismiss historic CO2 records as irrevocably flawed and believe that modern science is perfect is to forget the lessons of the recent past .
Climate Gate has shone a bright light onto surprising practices and the IPCC has lost credibility as the sole and infallible arbiter of climate science .
Consequently , I tend to believe that those who compiled the historic CO2 measurements present a more compelling case than modern evidence and would be confident that a significant percentage – but by no means all– of these historic CO2 records have an acceptable degree of accuracy , and that past levels were similar to today and fluctuated much more than we currently believe - possibly as natural temperature variations caused considerable interchange between ocean and atmosphere - an effect which dwarfs any input by man .
At best the case is ‘ not proven ’ as Scottish law might say , which seems surprising bearing in mind the fundamental importance of this measurement to the proposition of man made global warming .
At the least - like global temperature records - the numerous historic measurements of CO2 warrant an independent audit .
My own web site which examines historic instrumental temperature records back to 1660 is linked here ; http://climatereason.com/LittleIceAgeThermometers/
Tony Brown
tony@climatereason.com
Pennsylvania Attorney General and governor hopeful Tom Corbett this morning gave approximately 150 anti-abortion activists a send - off as they gathered at St. Joan of Arc's Catholic Church in Derry Township to board buses headed for the
at the National Mall in Washington , D.C .
The annual Jan. 22 event coincides each year with Roe v. Wade , the 1973 Supreme Court decision that legalized abortion .
Speaking to parents and dozens of children and teenagers , Corbett , a Catholic , Republican and anti-abortion supporter , said that as long as the high court decision stood , the movement would see limited gains .
" We have a Supreme Court decision that we have to live with , " he said .
" As long as nothing changes there , nothing can change . "
Corbett said the March for Life was an important annual event .
" The pro-life movement has to keep reminding everyone that these are living human beings , " he said .
Dressed in hardy winter gear and boots -- some carrying placards that read " Stop Partial Birth Abortion " and " Women do regret abortion " -- the bus convoy headed toward the nation 's capitol to join the expected hundreds of thousands of other activists who will circle the National Mall and conclude the march in front of the Supreme Court .
Mary Hess , of Harrisburg , a first - time marcher , said abortion is the one key issue she considers at election time .
" We have to take a stand , " she said .
Sister Eileen McGowan , principle at St. Joan of Arc School , said the students traveling to Washington would gain an added lesson from the day 's event .
She said the students in eighth grade study social justice and that respect for life was an important component of that .
" This is a way to put that into practice , " she said .
Giovanna Heanue , an eighth - grader at the school said : " Everyone deserves a shot at life . "
NEW - my ' Seoul Villages ' are out - 12 short fictions totally free !
Download the free ebook !
Comments are welcome ( positive or negative ) , but any self - advertisements or irrelevant posts
will be deleted .
No new posts are being added to this blog .
For planning news and updates , check out The BIG Picture Huntsville ( also on Facebook ) .
For transportation info , check out the Huntsville Metropolitan Planning Organization
While almost everybody has heard health insurance horror stories from stories in the local paper , from somebody they know , or even somebody closer to home , it ’s easy to think it wo n’t happen to us personally .
In many cases we never even see the worst of insurance company abuses until we get sick ourselves .
But the rash of “ jaw - dropping ” premium increases , as the President put it in his Weekly Address earlier today , has shown that nobody is immune to bad practices from insurance companies as long as health reform is not in place .
As a recent report out of HHS documented , outrageous premium requests have hit every region of the country recently – up to 39 % from one insurance company in California , 56 % from another in Michigan , 24 % in Connecticut , and 23 % in Maine to name a few examples .
Yesterday we learned that our seniors are vulnerable as well .
Seniors who remained enrolled in their Medicare Advantage plans – which are tied to private insurance -- experienced rapidly increasing premiums , at 32 percent on average , between 2009 and 2010 .
And today we learn that younger Americans can be just as vulnerable – indeed one California mother found that premiums for her kids were rising at a rate that makes even the other outrageous examples look modest .
In what a MarketWatch headline calls a “ health - care shocker ” :
[ Lori ] Creasey , a Huntington Beach , Calif . - based attorney , said she received notices late last year for the two individual Anthem policies she bought for her college - age sons .
For her 18 - year - old son , Kyle , the monthly premium was climbing to $ 135 from $ 80 , a 69 % hike .
Her 21 - year - old , Walter , saw his premium jump to $ 139 from $ 84 , a 65 % increase .
" I was kind of shocked when I got [ them ] , " Creasey said .
Lori and her sons are n't the only Americans who have been shocked by their premium increases .
And if we do nothing theirstories will become more and more common .
That 's why the President is committed to passing health reform and it's why he has invited leaders from both parties in Congress to discuss the issue on Thursday .
You can watch the meeting live here on our website .
We 're closer than ever to passing real health reform and stories like this show us how important it is to finish the job .
Dan Pfeiffer is White House Communications Director
In the past week , I read a couple of posts that made me really want to respond with a coherent explanation of how I build modular Ruby code .
The first post , by Nick Kallen of Twitter , gushed about the benefits of PerQueryTimingOutQuery Factory and called out Ruby ( and a slew of other " hipster " languages ) for using language features ( like my " favorite " alias_method_chain ) and leveraging dynamicism to solve problems that he argues are more appropriately solved with laugh - inducing pattern names :
In a very dynamic language like Ruby , open classes and method aliasing ( e.g. , alias_method_chain ) mitigate this problem , but they do n’t solve it .
If you manipulate a class to add logging , all instances of that class will have logging ; you ca n’t take a surgical approach and say “ just objects instantiated in this context ” .
If you have n't read it yet , you should probably read it now ( at least skim it ) .
As if on cue , a post by Pivot Rob Olson demonstrated the lengths some Rubyists will go to torture alias_method_chain to solve essentially the same problem that Nick addressed .
In short , while I agree in principle with Nick , his examples and the jargon he used demonstrated exactly why so few Rubyists take his point seriously .
It is possible to write modular code in Ruby with the same level of flexibility but with far less code and fewer concept hoops to jump through .
Let 's take a look at the problem Rob was trying to solve :
module Teacher def initialize puts " initializing teacher " end end class Person include Teacher def initialize puts " initializing person " end end # Desired output : # > Person.new # initializing teacher # initializing person
This is a classic problem involving modularity .
In essence , Rob wants to be able to " decorate " the Person class to include teacher traits .
Nick 's response would have been to create a factory that creates a Person proxy decorated with Teacher properties .
And he would have been technically correct , but that description obscures the Ruby implementation , and makes it sound like we need new " Factory " and " Decorator " objects , as we do , in fact , need when programming in Java .
In Ruby , you 'd solve this problem thusly :
# The base person implementation .
Never instantiate this .
# Instead , create a subclass that mixes in appropriate modules .
class AbstractPerson def initialize puts " Initializing person " end end # Provide additional " teacher " functionality as a module .
This can be # mixed into subclasses of AbstractPerson , giving super access to # methods on AbstractPerson module Teacher def initialize puts " Initializing teacher " super end end # Our actual Person class .
Mix in whatever modules you want to # add new functionality .
class Person < AbstractPerson include Teacher end # > Person.new # Initializing teacher # Initializing person
Including modules essentially decorates existing classes with additional functionality .
You can include multiple modules to layer on existing functionality , but you do n't need to create special factory or decorator objects to make this work .
For those following along , the classes used here are " factories " , and the modules are " decorators " .
But just as it's not useful to constantly think about classes as " structs with function pointers " because that 's historically how they were implemented , I 'd argue it 's not useful to constantly think about classes and modules as factories and decorators , simply because they 're analogous to those concepts in languages like Java .
The Case of the PerQueryTimingFactoryFactory
Nick 's example is actually a great example of a case where modularity is important .
In this case , he has a base Query class that he wants to extend to add support for timeouts .
He wrote his solution in Scala ; I 'll transcode it into Ruby .
Feel free to skim the examples that follow .
I 'm transcoding the Scala into Ruby to demonstrate something which you will be able to understand without fully understanding the examples .
class QueryProxy def initialize ( query ) @query = query end def select delegate { @query .
select { yield } } end def execute delegate { @query .
execute } end def cancel @query .
cancel end def delegate yield end end
Then , in order to add support for Timeouts , he creates a new subclass of QueryProxy :
class TimingOutQuery < Query Proxy def initialize ( query , timeout ) @timeout = timeout @query = query end def delegate begin Timeout.timeout( @timeout ) do yield end rescue Timeout : : Error cancel raise SqlTimeoutException end end end
Next , in order to instantiate a TimingOutQuery , he creates a TimingOutQuery Factory :
class TimingOutQueryFactory def initialize ( query_factory , timeout ) @query_factory = query_factory @timeout = timeout end def self .
call ( connection , query , * args ) TimingOutQuery.new(@query_factory.call ( connection , query , * args ) , timeout ) end end
As his coup de grâce , he shows how , now that everything is so modular , it is trivial to extend this system to support timeouts that were per-query .
class PerQueryTimingOutQueryFactory def initialize ( query_factory , timeouts ) @query_factory = query_factory @timeouts = timeouts end def self .
call ( connection , query , * args ) TimingOutQuery.new(@query_factory.call ( connection , query , * args ) , @timeouts [ query ] ) end end
This is all true .
By using factories and proxies , as you would in Java , this Ruby code is modular .
It is possible to create a new kind of Query Factory trivially .
However , this code , by tacking close to vocabulary created to describe Java patterns , rebuilds functionality that exists natively in Ruby .
It would be equivalent to creating a Hash of Procs in Ruby when a Class would do .
The Case : Solved
Ruby natively provides factories , proxies and decorators via language features .
In fact , that vocabulary obscures the obvious solution to Nick 's problem .
# No need for a proxy at all , so we skip it module Timeout # super allows us to delegate to the Query this # module is included into , even inside a block def select timeout { super } end def execute timeout { super } end #
We get the cancel delegation natively , because # we can use subclasses , rather than separate # proxy object , to implement the proxy private #
Since we 're not using a proxy , we 'll just implement # the timeout method directly , and skip " delegate " def timeout #
The Timeout module expects a duration method # which classes that include Timeout should provide Timeout.timeout ( duration ) do yield end rescue Timeout : : Error cancel raise SqlTimeoutException end end # Classes in Ruby serve double duty as " proxies " and # " factories " .
This behavior is part of Ruby semantics .
class TimingOutQuery < Query include Timeout private # implement duration to hardcode the value of 1 def duration 1 end end # Creating a second subclass of Query , this time with # per-query timeout semantics .
class PerQueryTimingOutQuery < Query TIMEOUTS = Hash.new ( 0.5 ) .merge ( " query1 " => 1 , " query2 " => 3 ) include Timeout private def duration TIMEOUTS [ query ] end end
As Nick would point out , what we 're doing here , from a very abstract perspective , is n't all that different from his example .
Our subclasses are proxies , our modules are decorators , and our classes are serving as factories .
However , forcing that verbiage on built - in Ruby language features , in my opinion , only serves to complicate matters .
More importantly , by starting to think about the problem in terms of the Java - inspired patterns , it 's easy to end up building code that looks more like Nick 's example than my solution above .
For the record , I think that designing modularly is very important , and while Ruby provides built - in support for these modular patterns , we do n't see enough usage of them .
However , we should not assume that the reason for the overuse of poor modularity patterns ( like alias_method_chain ) result from a lack of discussion around proxies , decorators , and factories .
By the way , ActionController in Rails 3 provides an abstract superclass called ActionController : : Metal , a series of modules that users can mix in to subclasses however they like , and a pre-built ActionController : : Base with all the modules mixed in ( to provide the convenient " default " experience ) .
Additionally , users or extensions can easily provide additional modules to mix in to ActionController : : Metal subclasses .
This is precisely the pattern I am describing here , and I strongly recommend that Rubyists use it more when writing code they wish to be modular .
Postscript : Scala
When researching for this article , I wondered why Nick had n't used Ruby 's equivalent to modules ( traits ) in his examples .
It would be possible to write Scala code that was extremely similar to my preferred solution to the problem .
I asked both Nick and the guys in #scala .
Both said that while traits could solve this problem in Scala , they could not be used flexibly enough at runtime .
In particular , Nick wanted to be able to read the list of " decorators " to use at runtime , and compose something that could create queries with the appropriate elements .
According to the guys in # scala , it 's a well - understood issue , and Kevin Wright has a compiler plugin to solve this exact problem .
Finally , the guys there seemed to generally agree with my central thesis : that thinking about problems in terms of patterns originally devised for Java can leave a better , more implementation - appropriate solution sitting on the table , even when the better solution can be thought of in terms of the older pattern ( with some contortions ) .
The SPCA has forwarded both animal cruelty and criminal charges to Crown prosecutors against a controversial private zoo and conservation centre in Fort Langley , B.C .
The agency first recommended charges against the Mountain View Conservation Centre last month after an adult Masai giraffe died after being sedated for an emergency hoof - trimming procedure at the facility .
Two other giraffes , and adult and a baby , died at Mountain View during a cold snap in December .
The procedure for Jerome the giraffe could have been avoided if the animal 's hooves had been trimmed regularly , said Marcie Moriarty of the B.C. SPCA .
" They had this giraffe and they should have identified at some point in his life he would need to trim his hooves , " she told ctvbc.ca .
" He was in pain – he was suffering . "
The agency says the results of the four - year - old giraffe 's necropsy , or animal autopsy , prove the animal was suffering .
The SPCA said it obtained a copy of the necropsy through a search warrant after the facility refused to share results with investigators .
" There is ample evidence to support this was negligence in the very least , " Moriarty said .
After Jerome 's death , a Mountain View spokesperson told CTV
News the animal had been cared for at the facility for more than a decade , and its hoof problem was likely genetic .
The SPCA began investigating the private zoo in November , when a group of eight ex-employees and volunteers contacted them with complaints that the centre failed to properly care for dozens of injured and dying animals by not calling a veterinarian .
Seventeen more people joined the complaint days later .
The Mountain View Conservation Centre spans more than 250 acres and is home to 50 species of rare and endangered animals .
Owner Gordon Blankstein says the facility 's goal is to breed animals facing extinction , including the Vancouver Island marmot and African hunting dogs , in hopes of releasing them back into the wild .
The maximum penalty for an animal - cruelty charge under the Criminal Code is a five - year prison term or a $ 10,000 fine .
Under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act , the maximum is six months in prison and a $ 10,000 fine .
It is now up to Crown to look over the case and decide whether to lay charges .
The plane slowed and leveled out about a mile aboveground .
Up ahead , the Viennese castle glowed like a fairy tale palace .
When the pilot gave the thumbs - up , Gerald Blanchard looked down , checked his parachute straps , and jumped into the darkness .
He plummeted for a second , then pulled his cord , slowing to a nice descent toward the tiled roof .
It was early June 1998 , and the evening wind was warm .
If it kept cooperating , Blanchard would touch down directly above the room that held the Koechert Diamond Pearl .
He steered his parachute toward his target .
A couple of days earlier , Blanchard had appeared to be just another twentysomething on vacation with his wife and her wealthy father .
The three of them were taking a six - month grand European tour : London , Rome , Barcelona , the French Riviera , Vienna .
When they stopped at the Schloss Schönbrunn , the Austrian equivalent of Versailles , his father - in - law 's VIP status granted them a special preview peek at a highly prized piece from a private collection .
And there it was :
In a cavernous room , in an alarmed case , behind bulletproof glass , on a weight - sensitive pedestal — a delicate but dazzling 10 - pointed star of diamonds fanned around one monstrous pearl .
Five seconds after laying eyes on it , Blanchard knew he would try to take it .
The docent began to describe the history of the Koechert Diamond Pearl , better known as the Sisi Star — it was one of many similar pieces specially crafted for Empress Elisabeth to be worn in her magnificently long and lovely braids .
Sisi , as she was affectionately known , was assassinated 100 years ago .
Only two stars remain , and it has been 75 years since the public had a glimpse of ...
Blanchard was n't listening .
He was noting the motion sensors in the corner , the type of screws on the case , the large windows nearby .
To hear Blanchard tell it , he has a savantlike ability to assess security flaws , like a criminal Rain Man who involuntarily sees risk probabilities at every turn .
And the numbers came up good for the star .
Blanchard knew he could n't fence the piece , which he did hear the guide say was worth $ 2 million .
Still , he found the thing mesmerizing and the challenge irresistible .
He began to work immediately , videotaping every detail of the star 's chamber .
( He even coyly shot the " No Cameras " sign near the jewel case . )
He surreptitiously used a key to loosen the screws when the staff moved on to the next room , unlocked the windows , and determined that the motion sensors would allow him to move — albeit very slowly — inside the castle .
He stopped at the souvenir shop and bought a replica of the Sisi Star to get a feel for its size .
He also noted the armed guards stationed at every entrance and patrolling the halls .
But the roof was unguarded , and it so happened that one of the skills Blanchard had picked up in his already long criminal career was skydiving .
He had also recently befriended a German pilot who was game for a mercenary sortie and would help Blanchard procure a parachute .
Just one night after his visit to the star , Blanchard was making his descent to the roof .
Aerial approaches are a tricky business , though , and Blanchard almost overshot the castle , slowing himself just enough by skidding along a pitched gable .
Sliding down the tiles , arms and legs flailing for a grip , Blanchard managed to save himself from falling four stories by grabbing a railing at the roof 's edge .
For a moment , he lay motionless .
Then he took a deep breath , unhooked the chute , retrieved a rope from his pack , wrapped it around a marble column , and lowered himself down the side of the building .
Carefully , Blanchard entered through the window he had unlocked the previous day .
He knew there was a chance of encountering guards .
But the Schloss Schönbrunn was a big place , with more than 1,000 rooms .
He liked the odds .
If he heard guards , he figured , he would disappear behind the massive curtains .
The nearby rooms were silent as Blanchard slowly approached the display and removed the already loosened screws , carefully using a butter knife to hold in place the two long rods that would trigger the alarm system .
The real trick was ensuring that the spring - loaded mechanism the star was sitting on did n't register that the weight above it had changed .
Of course , he had that covered , too :
He reached into his pocket and deftly replaced Elisabeth 's bejeweled hairpin with the gift - store fake .
Within minutes , the Sisi Star was in Blanchard 's pocket and he was rappelling down a back wall to the garden , taking the rope with him as he slipped from the grounds .
When the star was dramatically unveiled to the public the next day , Blanchard returned to watch visitors gasp at the sheer beauty of a cheap replica .
And when his parachute was later found in a trash bin , no one connected it to the star , because no one yet knew it was missing .
It was two weeks before anyone realized that the jewelry had disappeared .
Later , the Sisi Star rode inside the respirator of some scuba gear back to his home base in Canada , where Blanchard would assemble what prosecutors later called , for lack of a better term , the Blanchard Criminal Organization .
Drawing on his encyclopedic knowledge of surveillance and electronics , Blanchard became a criminal mastermind .
The star was the heist that transformed him from a successful and experienced thief into a criminal virtuoso .
" Cunning , clever , conniving , and creative , " as one prosecutor would call him , Blanchard eluded the police for years .
But eventually he made a mistake .
And that mistake would take two officers from the modest police force of Winnipeg , Canada , on a wild ride of high tech capers across Africa , Canada , and Europe .
Says Mitch McCormick , one of those Winnipeg investigators , " We had never seen anything like it . "
Like a criminal Rain Man , Gerald Blanchard possessed a savantlike ability to exploit security flaws .
Photo : John Midgley
Blanchard pulled off his first heist when he was a 6 - year - old living with his single mother in Winnipeg .
The family could n't afford milk , and one day , after a long stretch of dry cereal , the boy spotted some recently delivered bottles on a neighbor 's porch .
" I snuck over there between cars like I was on some kind of mission , " he says .
" And no one saw me take it . "
His heart was pounding , and the milk was somehow sweeter than usual .
" After that , " he says , " I was hooked . "
Blanchard moved to Nebraska , started going by his middle name , Daniel , and became an accomplished thief .
He did n't look the part — slim , short , and bespectacled , he resembled a young Bill Gates — but he certainly played it , getting into enough trouble to land in reform school .
" The way I met Daniel was that he stole my classroom VCR , " recalls Randy Flanagan , one of Blanchard 's teachers .
Flanagan thought he might be able to straighten out the soft - spoken and polite kid , so he took Blanchard under his wing in his home - mechanics class .
" He was a real natural in there , " Flanagan says .
Blanchard 's mother remembers that even as a toddler he could take anything apart .
Despite severe dyslexia and a speech impediment , Blanchard " was an absolute genius with his hands , " the teacher recalls .
In Flanagan 's class , Blanchard learned construction , woodworking , model building , and automotive mechanics .
The two bonded , and Flanagan became a father figure to Blanchard , driving him to and from school and looking out for him .
" He could see that I had talent , " Blanchard says .
" And he wanted me to put it to good use . "
Flanagan had seen many hopeless kids straighten out —
" You never know when something 's going to change forever for someone , " he says — and he still hoped that would happen to Blanchard .
" But Daniel was the type of kid who would spend more time trying to cheat on a test than it would have taken to study for it , " Flanagan says with a laugh .
In fact , by early in his high school years , Blanchard had already abandoned his after - school job stocking groceries to pursue more lucrative opportunities , like fencing tens of thousands of dollars in goods stolen by department store employees he had managed to befriend .
" I could just tell who would work with me , " he says .
" It 's a gift , I guess . "
Blanchard began mastering the workings of myriad mechanical devices and electronics .
He became obsessed with cameras and surveillance : documenting targets , his own exploits , and his huge piles of money .
Befitting a young tech enthusiast , he emptied an entire RadioShack one Easter Sunday .
At age 16 , he bought a house with more than $ 100,000 in cash .
( He hired a lawyer to handle the money and sign the deal on his behalf . )
When he moved in , Blanchard told his mother that the home belonged to a friend .
" She looked the other way , " Blanchard says .
" And I tried to keep it all from her . "
Around this time , Blanchard was arrested for theft .
He did several months behind bars and was released into Flanagan 's custody after the older man vouched for him at a hearing .
" He was great with our own kids , " Flanagan says .
" And I still thought he might come around . "
But Blanchard 's burgeoning criminal career was hard to ignore , as he often flaunted his ill - gotten gains .
" I was n't surprised when the FBI came knocking one day , " Flanagan says .
" He 'd pull out a fistful of hundreds and peel one off to pay for pizza . "
In April 1993 , Blanchard was nabbed by the cops in Council Bluffs , Iowa , for a suspected car arson and brought back to police headquarters .
" They kept me in the interrogation room past midnight , " Blanchard says .
" And at a certain point , I managed to sneak into the next room and slip through the tiles into the ceiling . "
Undetected , he heard the cops run down the hall , thinking he'd gone out the fire escape .
After waiting a couple of hours , Blanchard lowered himself down into the mostly empty station , stole a police coat , badge , radio , and revolver .
After leaving a single bullet on the desk of his interrogator , he took the elevator to the main floor and strolled right past the front desk on his way out of the station .
He hitchhiked at dawn back to Omaha on the back of a motorcycle , holding his purloined police cap down in the wind .
" Why are you wearing a uniform ? " the driver asked .
" Costume party , " Blanchard said as the sun came up .
" Really fun time . "
The next day , Blanchard was re-apprehended by a SWAT team , which had to use flash grenades to extricate him from his mother 's attic .
But he surprised the cops by escaping yet again , this time from the back of a police cruiser .
" They got out of the car and left the keys , " Blanchard says .
" There was no barrier , so I fiddled with the cuffs until I got my hands in front of me , locked the doors , slipped up front , and put it in gear . "
The authorities gave chase until Blanchard swerved into a steak - house parking lot , fled on foot , and was finally recaptured .
This time , Blanchard served four years and his sentence came with a deportation order attached .
In March 1997 , he was released to his Canadian homeland and barred from returning to the US for five years .
" After that , " Flanagan says , " I heard from Daniel once or twice a year , thanking me for what I had done for him . "
Blanchard sent pictures of himself vacationing around the world , on exclusive beaches , posing in front of Viennese castles .
He said he had his own security business .
" I wanted that to be true , " Flanagan says .
" But I had a hunch he was more likely in the anti-security business . "
In 2001 , Blanchard was driving around Edmonton when he saw a new branch of the Alberta Treasury bank going up .
His internal algorithm calculated low risk , and he began to case the target meticulously .
It had been three years since the Sisi Star theft , and it was time to try something big and new .
As the bank was being built , Blanchard frequently sneaked inside — sometimes at night , sometimes in broad daylight , disguised as a delivery person or construction worker .
There 's less security before the money shows up , and that allowed Blanchard to plant various surveillance devices in the ATM room .
He knew when the cash machines were installed and what kind of locks they had .
He ordered the same locks online and reverse engineered them at home .
Later he returned to the Alberta Treasury to disassemble , disable , and remount the locks .
The take at this bank was a modest 60 grand , but the thrill mattered more than the money anyway .
Blanchard 's ambition flowered , as did his technique .
As Flanagan had observed , Blanchard always wanted to beat the system , and he was getting better at it .
Blanchard targeted a half - dozen banks over the next few years .
He 'd get in through the air - conditioning ductwork , at times contorting his body to fit inside really tight spaces .
Other times , he would pick the locks .
If there were infrared sensors , he 'd use IR goggles to see the beams .
Or he 'd simply fool the sensor by blocking the beam with a lead film bag .
He assembled an arsenal of tools : night - vision cameras , long - range lenses , high - gain antennas that could pick up the feeds from the audio and video recorders he hid inside a bank , scanners programmed with the encryption keys for police frequencies .
He always had a burglary kit on hand containing ropes , uniforms , cameras , and microphones .
In the Edmonton branch of the Bank of Nova Scotia , which he hit in 2002 , he installed a metal panel near the AC ducts to create a secret crawl space that he could disappear into if surprised by police .
Such evasive action was never required , however , in part because Blanchard had also memorized the mechanics of the Mas-Hamilton and La Gard locks that many banks used for their ATMs .
( These are big , complicated contraptions , and when police later interrogated Blanchard , they presented him with a Mas-Hamilton lock in dozens of pieces .
He stunned them by reassembling it in 40 seconds . )
Blanchard also learned how to turn himself into someone else .
Sometimes it was just a matter of donning a yellow hard hat from Home Depot .
But it could also be more involved .
Eventually , Blanchard used legitimate baptism and marriage certificates — filled out with his assumed names — to obtain real driver 's licenses .
He would even take driving tests , apply for passports , or enroll in college classes under one of his many aliases : James Gehman , Daniel Wall , or Ron Aikins .
With the help of makeup , glasses , or dyed hair , Blanchard gave James , Daniel , Ron , and the others each a different look .
Over the years , Blanchard procured and stockpiled IDs and uniforms from various security companies and even law enforcement agencies .
Sometimes , just for fun and to see whether it would work , he pretended to be a reporter so he could hang out with celebrities .
He created VIP passes and applied for press cards so he could go to NHL playoff games or take a spin around the Indianapolis Motor Speedway with racing legend Mario Andretti .
He met the prince of Monaco at a yacht race in Monte Carlo and interviewed Christina Aguilera at one of her concerts .
That 's where , in July 2000 , Blanchard met Angela James .
She had flowing black hair and claimed to work for Ford Models .
They got along right away , and Blanchard was elated when she gave him her number .
He sensed that the teenager was " down with crime " — someone he could count on for help .
Blanchard liked having a sidekick .
James was a fun , outgoing party animal who had plenty of free time .
She eventually began helping Blanchard on bank jobs .
They 'd tag - team on daylight reconnaissance , where her striking looks provided a distraction while Blanchard gathered information .
At night , she'd be the lookout .
Though they were never involved romantically , James and Blanchard traveled together around the world , stopping in the Caribbean to stash his loot in offshore accounts .
They camped out at resorts in Jamaica and the Turks and Caicos islands , depositing money in $ 10,000 increments into some of Blanchard 's 13 pseudonymously held accounts .
The money in the offshore accounts was to pay for his jet - setting lifestyle .
The money back in Canada would bankroll his real estate transactions .
The funds sitting in Europe were there , well , in case anything happened to him .
After midnight on Saturday , May 15 , 2004 , as the northern prairie winter was finally giving way to spring , Blanchard walked up to the front door of the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce in the Mega Centre , a suburban development in Winnipeg .
He quickly jimmied the lock , slipped inside , and locked the door behind him .
It was a brand - new branch that was set to open for business on Monday , and Blanchard knew that the cash machines had been loaded on Friday .
Thorough as ever , Blanchard had spent many previous nights infiltrating the bank to do recon or to tamper with the locks while James acted as lookout , scanning the vicinity with binoculars and providing updates via a scrambled - band walkie - talkie .
He had put a transmitter behind an electrical outlet , a pinhole video camera in a thermostat , and a cheap baby monitor behind the wall .
He had even mounted handles on the drywall panels so he could remove them to enter and exit the ATM room .
Blanchard had also taken detailed measurements of the room and set up a dummy version in a friend 's nearby machine shop .
With practice , he had gotten his ATM - cracking routine down to where he needed only 90 seconds after the alarm tripped to finish and escape with his score .
As Blanchard approached , he saw that the door to the ATM room was unlocked and wide open .
Sometimes you get lucky .
All he had to do was walk inside .
From here he knew the drill by heart .
There were seven machines , each with four drawers .
He set to work quickly , using just the right technique to spring the machines open without causing any telltale damage .
Well rehearsed , Blanchard wheeled out boxes full of cash and several money counters , locked the door behind him , and headed to a van he had parked nearby .
Eight minutes after Blanchard broke into the first ATM , the Winnipeg Police Service arrived in response to the alarm .
However , the officers found the doors locked and assumed the alarm had been an error .
As the police pronounced the bank secure , Blanchard was zipping away with more than half a million dollars .
The following morning was a puzzler for authorities .
There were no indications of damage to the door , no fingerprints , and no surveillance recordings —
Blanchard had stolen the hard drives that stored footage from the bank 's cameras .
Moreover , Blanchard 's own surveillance equipment was still transmitting from inside the ATM room , so before he skipped town , he could listen in on investigators .
He knew their names ; he knew their leads .
He would call both the bank manager 's cell phone and the police , posing as an anonymous informant who had been involved in the heist and was swindled out of his share .
It was the contractors , he 'd say .
Or the Brinks guy .
Or the maintenance people .
His tips were especially convincing because he had a piece of inside information :
One of the bank 's ATMs was left untouched .
Blanchard had done that on purpose to make it easier to sow confusion .
Winnipeg police officers Larry Levasseur ( left ) and Mitch McCormick were relentless in their pursuit of Blanchard .
Photo : John Midgley
With the cops outmatched and chasing red herrings , the Winnipeg bank job looked like a perfect crime .
Then officials got a call from a vigilant employee at a nearby Walmart , which shared a large parking lot with the bank .
He had been annoyed at people leaving cars there , so he took it upon himself to scan the lot .
On the night of the break - in , he spotted a blue Dodge Caravan next to the bank .
Seeing a dolly and other odd equipment inside , he took down the license plate number .
Police ran it .
The vehicle had been rented from Avis by one Gerald Daniel Blanchard .
Blanchard 's use of his real name was as careless as the fingerprints police found inside the getaway van recovered by the rental company .
Soon the cops were on his tail .
Because of the heist 's sophistication , the investigation fell to Winnipeg 's Major Crimes unit .
But Blanchard — now divorced and living with his girlfriend , Lynette Tien — learned that he had become a suspect , so he stayed out of their sights .
Two years passed , and many of the investigators who had dealt with the initial leads retired or were transferred .
The case went cold until early 2006 , when Mitch McCormick , a veteran officer in his fifties , started working on major crimes and decided to take a look at the unsolved robbery .
Intrigued , he called his longtime colleague Larry Levasseur , a wiretap ace who had just been transferred to the Commercial Crimes division .
One night in early February , McCormick and Levasseur sat down at the King 's Head bar , a favorite local police haunt .
Levasseur went through several pints of amber ale , and McCormick had his usual double rye and a Coke tall .
McCormick filled him in on the Blanchard leads and gave him the case file to take home .
The two were interested , but McCormick 's boss was skeptical .
Why spend money chasing a criminal who was committing most of his crimes outside their jurisdiction ?
Eventually , though , the two stubborn cops made such a fuss that the department brass relented .
" But we got no resources and had to put together a task force out of thin air , " McCormick says .
" It was like the set of Barney Miller .
We knew it was bad when we had to buy our own Post-its . "
They quickly started filling up those Post-its and arranging them on a corkboard , mapping Blanchard 's sprawling network .
The case was overwhelming , but they eventually unraveled his tangle of 32 false names .
Their preliminary checks also showed that Blanchard was a person of interest in many crimes , including the unsolved theft of the Sisi Star nearly 10 years earlier .
They assembled roughly 275 pages of documentation , enough to persuade a judge to let them tap Blanchard 's 18 phones .
Now they were in business .
They were taking a professional flier on this case .
They dubbed their investigation Project Kite .
Usually wiretaps are a waiting game ; cops will listen to secretive organized crime syndicates for years , hoping for one little slip .
But Blanchard was surprisingly loose - lipped .
The second weekend the wires went live , McCormick and Levasseur heard him directing a team of underlings in a product - return fraud at a Best Buy .
More scams followed .
They heard him wheeling and dealing in real estate .
They listened in as he planned his next bank job .
They learned about a vast network of sophisticated crime .
For a smart criminal , McCormick and Levasseur thought , this guy sure did talk a lot .
Then , on November 16 , 2006 , Blanchard got a particularly intriguing call .
" Hello , Danny , " a man with a thick British accent said .
" Are you ready ?
I have a job for you .
How soon can you get to Cairo ? "
McCormick and Levasseur listened with astonishment as Blanchard immediately set about recruiting his own small team to meet up with another group in Egypt .
Blanchard referred to his contact as the Boss — he could n't pronounce his real name — and explained to his cohorts that there was money to be made with this guy .
James was in .
But her parents were in town visiting , and her mother did n't want her to go .
James put her mom on the phone so Blanchard could talk the woman into giving her daughter permission to join him in a criminal escapade across the globe .
" We 're going to make a lot of money , " he said .
" But do n't worry .
Everything will be fine . "
Several of his regular guys could n't make it , so Blanchard called his neighbor , a Congolese immigrant named Balume Kashongwe .
When Blanchard explained the job , Kashongwe volunteered right away .
With his team assembled , Blanchard thought , " This is going to be easy .
What could go wrong ? "
Just a few hours after the Boss ' call , Blanchard , Kashongwe , and James were in the air , en route to Cairo .
Blanchard had first met the Boss a few months earlier in London at an electronics store .
He could tell they were kindred spirits by a glance at the Boss ' purchases : eight DVR recorders .
Blanchard knew you did n't buy a load like that for anything but surveillance .
The two struck up a conversation .
Later that day , a car arrived to take Blanchard to a London café , where the Boss and a dozen Kurdish henchmen , most from northern Iraq , were waiting in the basement , smoking hookahs .
The Boss filled Blanchard in on his operation , which spanned Europe and the Middle East and included various criminal activities , including counterfeiting and fraud .
The latest endeavor was called skimming : gleaning active debit and credit card numbers by patching into the ISDN lines that companies use to process payments .
The group manufactured counterfeit cards magnetized and embossed with the stolen numbers and then used them to withdraw the maximum daily limits before the fraud was reported .
It was a lucrative venture for the Boss ' network , which funneled a portion of its take to Kurdish separatists in Iraq .
Living up to his new nickname , the Boss gave Blanchard a trial job : taking 25 cards to Canada to retrieve cash .
Blanchard returned to London with $ 60,000 , and the Boss was pleased .
He found the younger man charming and steady as well .
" We have something big coming , " he told Blanchard over dinner at a Kurdish restaurant .
" I 'll keep you posted . "
With that job now at hand , Blanchard 's crew arrived in Egypt and checked into the Cairo Marriott Hotel & Omar Khayyam Casino , settling into a couple of suites with sweeping views of the Nile .
The next day , three men Blanchard remembered from the London cafè showed up .
They brought roughly 1,000 pirated cards , which the group immediately started using in teams of two .
Kashongwe and the Kurds from London blended in easily .
Blanchard and James bought burkas in the souk as disguises .
The Boss directed operations from London .
They went from ATM to ATM for 12 hours a day , withdrawing Egyptian pounds and stuffing the bills into backpacks and suitcases .
Blanchard and James folded their cash into pouches hidden beneath the burkas .
And as usual , Blanchard filmed the entire adventure : the wandering through Cairo's Byzantine streets , the downtime in the city , the money pouring in .
Back in their bare - bones Winnipeg office , McCormick and Levasseur were monitoring their target 's email accounts and calls back to Tien , who was managing travel arrangements and other administrative details from Blanchard 's condo in Vancouver .
The Canadian cops were stunned .
They never imagined they 'd come across anything this big .
They learned about the loot piling up 4 feet high in the suites at the Marriott .
And then they learned that everything had gone to hell .
In the course of a week , the team collected the equivalent of more than $ 2 million .
But the individual ATM payouts were small , so after a couple of days Blanchard sent Kashongwe south to Nairobi , Kenya , with 50 cards to find more - generous machines .
Kashongwe had no cell phone , though , and he went suspiciously incommunicado .
Soon it became clear that Kashongwe was AWOL .
Blanchard was n't happy .
And neither was the Boss .
Blanchard was in over his head .
In his many years of crime , guns had never been involved .
The Boss , however , seemed inclined to change that .
Blanchard promised to track down Kashongwe .
" Good , " the Boss said .
" Otherwise , we 'll find him .
And he wo n't be happy when we do . "
McCormick and Levasseur listened to the calls in and out of Cairo as temperatures rose .
They could hear Blanchard calling Tien back in Vancouver , trying desperately to reach Kashongwe .
He called Kashongwe 's sister in Brussels and his brother in Ottawa .
He sounded frantic at times .
But Blanchard had no luck ; Kashongwe had vanished .
Things took another turn for the worse when the Boss told Blanchard he could n't leave Cairo until the missing cards were accounted for .
Two more men arrived to " keep an eye on things . "
The Marriott suites had turned into a hostage scene .
But Blanchard 's natural charm worked on the Boss , too .
He took full responsibility , promised to personally pay back Kashongwe 's share , and calmly argued that James did n't have anything to do with the double cross .
The Boss eventually told his men to let James go .
Then he agreed to let Blanchard travel to London to smooth things out in person .
" I 'm pretty honest about that kind of thing , " Blanchard says .
" And the Boss could see that I was taking responsibility for my guy . "
The two decided to set aside the Kashongwe problem in the interest of business .
The Boss ' men would meet Blanchard back in Canada with a new batch of cards .
" After all , " Blanchard says , " why fight when there was more money to be made ? "
On December 3 , 2006 , Blanchard landed in Vancouver , where he immediately rented a car and drove straight to a branch of the Bank of Nova Scotia , 65 miles east in Chilliwack .
He 'd started prepping to burglarize the bank before his trip .
The Kashongwe fiasco ended up nearly costing Blanchard money , and now he was after a sizable payday .
Chilliwack was good for $ 800,000 , he figured , and he would work through the holidays to get it done .
McCormick and Levasseur had both been on duty during the holidays before , but never had a case so consumed them .
They were spending 18 - hour days in their makeshift headquarters or at the King 's Head , poring over transcripts and evidence .
They got no overtime pay .
The strain grew , as did the pressure from higher - ups .
Lucky for them , Blanchard 's disarray was compounding his mistakes .
As soon as he touched down , McCormick and Levasseur picked up Blanchard live , discussing Cairo , his next bank , and the potential whereabouts of Kashongwe .
While Blanchard was en route to Chilliwack , they listened to him and the Boss discuss details about the arrival of a team in Montreal the next day .
McCormick and Levasseur called officials at the Montreal airport with names and flight information .
As the targets strode through the airport , the cops swarmed in .
The team was detained , and police seized dozens of blank credit cards , a card writer , and computers overflowing with evidence that filled in the blanks on the Cairo operation .
To top it off , the hard drives also contained some of Blanchard 's comprehensive amateur crime video of that job .
Now the police could not only hear him talking about crimes , they could see him committing them .
The Boss phoned the very next day , panicked .
But the call caught Blanchard at an inopportune moment .
" I ca n't talk right now , " Blanchard whispered .
" I 'm doing my thing inside the bank right now . "
It was 12:30 am , and Blanchard was crawling through the bank 's ductwork .
" Listen , my guys got arrested in the airport , and I need to find out why , " the Boss said .
Blanchard was making his way painstakingly through the air vents , en route to the ATM room .
His earpiece was taped in and the phone was on auto - answer , in case he got a call that the police were nearby .
" What 's going on with my guys in Montreal ? " the Boss demanded .
" They got pulled in ! "
" I have no idea , " Blanchard said softly .
" But it 's too much of a coincidence that customs knew .
The phones must be tapped . "
The Boss pressed on , asking for news about Kashongwe , but Blanchard interrupted .
" I 'm looking down .
There 's a security guard down there right now , " he breathed .
He was deep into the building , making it hard to shimmy his way out in case he needed an emergency escape .
" I have too much invested in this job , " he said .
" I have to go . "
" We need to fix this , Danny , " the Boss said .
As Blanchard whispered back , McCormick and Levasseur were triangulating the call 's location .
Now they knew Blanchard was targeting Chilliwack 's Bank of Nova Scotia .
In late January , investigators from Toronto , Edmonton , and Vancouver as well as provincial police and the Mounties had joined McCormick and Levasseur 's small operation .
" Project Kite was ready to be reeled in , " McCormick says .
At 4 am on January 23 , 2007 , more than a dozen SWAT team members swarmed Blanchard 's Vancouver condo , where they found Blanchard and Tien .
Several other search warrants were executed simultaneously across Canada , turning up half a dozen accomplices , including Angela James and Blanchard 's cousin Dale Fedoruk .
Blanchard was busted .
At his various residences and storage facilities , police confiscated 10 pallets of material : 60,000 documents , cash in various currencies , smoke bombs , firearms , and 300 electronic devices , including commercial card printers , card readers , and all manner of surveillance equipment .
In his condo , police discovered a hidden room stocked with burglary kits and well - organized , itemized documentation of all Blanchard 's fake identities .
He was initially charged with 41 crimes , ranging from fraud to possession of instruments for forging credit cards .
The Boss called Blanchard in jail on the prison phone .
" Why you , Danny ? " he asked .
" Why would little Winnipeg go to all that trouble ?
You must have upset the establishment .
It 's like we say in England :
You fuck with the Queen , and they fuck with you . "
As McCormick and Levasseur listened in , Blanchard said it was n't the establishment , or the Queen .
" It was these Keystone Kops out here in Winnipeg . "
Blanchard says that he could have escaped from jail again , but there was no point .
The police had all the evidence , including 120 video - and audiotapes detailing everything .
They 'd just find him again , and he was tired of running anyhow .
Blanchard refused to make statements about any of his associates , but he eventually decided to cooperate with authorities about his own case .
" He 's a flamboyant guy , " McCormick says .
" And an extrovert , recording everything .
Some part of him just wanted to tell his story . "
He had another incentive , too : Revealing his methods , which would help the banking industry improve its security practices , could earn him a lighter prison sentence .
The first day that Levasseur sat down with Blanchard in Vancouver , the investigator felt like he " was talking to a wall . "
But in later interviews , Blanchard became more courteous and helpful .
Finally , after some negotiations through his lawyer , Blanchard offered to take them to the Sisi Star .
" It 's right here in my grandmother 's basement in Winnipeg , " he said .
Blanchard had tried to steer clear of his family since his arrest ; he did n't want to embarrass them further .
But now he had to call .
" I need to come to the house , " he said .
" And I 'm bringing the police . "
Blanchard , in handcuffs and leg shackles , hugged his grandmother at the door and took McCormick and Levasseur directly into the basement .
He disappeared into a crawl space with Levasseur .
It was quiet except for the sound of them grappling with the insulation .
Eventually , Levasseur removed a square of Styrofoam and pulled out the star .
They brought it out into the light , where the detectives marveled at the beauty of the piece .
They 'd never seen anything like it .
That kicked off nearly a month of debriefing .
The cops had gotten some stuff right , but Blanchard set them straight on the rest .
" Never in policing does the bad guy tell you , ' Here 's how I did it , down to the last detail , ' " McCormick says .
" And that 's what he did . "
After spending so much time chasing Blanchard — and then talking to him — McCormick and Levasseur developed a grudging regard for his abilities .
And Blanchard grew to admire their relentless investigation .
Like a cornered hacker who trades his black hat for white , Blanchard took on a new challenge : working the system from the inside .
He provided such good information that McCormick and Levasseur were able to put together an eight - hour presentation for law enforcement and banking professionals .
" When those guys hear what Blanchard told us , " McCormick says , " you can hear their assholes pucker shut . "
Blanchard 's full participation came under consideration when he pled guilty to 16 charges on November 7 , 2007 .
He agreed to sell his four condos and pay restitution to the Canadian government .
And he was willing to take a longer sentence for himself in exchange for leniency toward his coaccused , whom he refused to testify against .
None of his partners served jail time .
Blanchard also surprised the court by having his lawyer issue an unusual statement : an expression of gratitude for being arrested .
" My client wishes to recognize that this huge lie that he had been living could now finally fall apart . "
It added that Blanchard was looking forward to moving on .
" He recognizes that the men and women of the Winnipeg Police Service made that all possible . "
Instead of the maximum of 164 years , Blanchard got eight .
And then last summer , after serving less than two , he was released into carefully guarded probation .
He now lives in a Vancouver halfway house , where he is prohibited from going anywhere near certain types of surveillance equipment and talking to any of his former associates .
One of the people he can call is Randy Flanagan , his old mentor from high school .
" He filled me in about the past 10 years , " Flanagan says .
" I was surprised , but not that surprised , about what our little former son had been up to . "
Blanchard told Flanagan he wanted to turn his life around .
Working with McCormick and Levasseur had convinced him that he could become a consultant to the banks .
" Who knows ? " Flanagan says .
" Maybe he will get that security business he talked about off the ground after all . "
The judge had a similar thought during Blanchard 's plea hearing .
The banks " should hire him and pay him a million dollars a year , " he said .
And right before sentencing , the judge turned directly to Blanchard .
" I think that you have a great future ahead of you if you wish to pursue an honest style of life , " he said .
" Although I 'm not prepared to sign a letter of reference . "
Joshuah Bearman ( joshuah_bearman@hotmail.com ) wrote about rescuing American hostages from Iran in issue 15.05 .
Now we know the truth .
The infamous “ Compton Cookout ” at UC San Diego , where members of the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity invited guests to celebrate Black History Month dressed as their favorite ghetto stereotypes , was not an isolated incident .
Nor can it be chalked up to standard - issue frat behavior , in which a degree of misogyny , bigotry and drunken insensitivity is often shrugged off as normal college hijinks .
Days after the cookout , the editor of the Koala , a campus publication known for mocking Muslims , Latinos and Asians , appeared on the university ’s student - run TV station to defend the event .
While on the air , he referred to offended black classmates as “ ungrateful niggers . ”
The following day , a sign with the words “ Compton Lynching ” was found at the TV station .
And on Thursday , a noose was hung in the Geisel Library .
At parties , on air , in public -- anything goes , it seems .
It turns out the problem was n’t just a singlepartybut an all - too - permissive culture in which some UCSD students apparently feel free to express racial malice with a breezy , unconcerned openness .
On Monday , the university announced a plan to address the growing racial tensions .
It includes making greater efforts to recruit minority faculty , forming a commission to address the campus climate , ensuring ongoing funding for the chancellor ’s diversity office , creating an African American Resource Center and establishing quarterly meetings between the administration and members of the Black Student Union .
Many of these recommendations are not new .
They were put forward by the Black Student Union as far back as 2006 , when students warned they were becoming increasingly uncomfortable , alienated and even fearful on campus .
Better late than never .
But there is a reason students at other UC campuses are also holding sit-ins , demanding accountability from their chancellors and calling emergency meetings in solidarity with UCSD students .
In interviews with The Times , minority student leaders up and down the state said the racial atmosphere on their campuses is little better .
Students at UC Berkeley and UCLA , for example , spoke of “ border parties ” that require attendees to hop a fence or cross a “ border ” to gain admittance .
In 1996 , many posited that racial tensions would increase after passage of that year ’s Proposition 209 , which barred California ’s public universities from considering race and other factors in admissions ; indeed , the number of black and Latino students quickly plummeted , and it seems , in retrospect , that the skeptics may have been right .
If more chancellors sit down with their students in the coming weeks , they may be surprised to learn of the “ Compton Cookouts ” in their own backyards .
OCaml Batteries Included 1.1.0 has arrived in Debian
I 've just uploaded the Debian package of OCaml Batteries Included 1.1.0 to the Debian unstable archive ; hopefully , it will quickly enter testing to be released with the next Debian stable release .
This is the first release in Debian of the " new generation " of Batteries Included , which has followed a strict diet , and now has Camomile as its only external dependency .
It took me a while to package it due to an intertwining transition to OCaml 3.11.2 ( during which we have fleshed out the last remaining few bits of transition to our new dependency system ) .
Also , I had to fix some typical build issue with upstream , which kindly coordinated with me to have the fixes included in 1.1.0 .
So go , enjoy Batteries 1.1.0 , and let me know your feedback :
# apt - get install ocaml - batteries - included
( check that it will install 1.1.0 though , it might take a few days to hit your favorite architecture and mirror )
Tip : starting from this version you will need the following to use Batteries in place of the legacy standard library in your sources :
open Batteries_uni
The Hall Of Famous Regressives
Like so many , I grew up learning not to use certain swear or curse words , like asshole , especially in name - calling .
As I grew older , I learned that words have power and realized that these terms can be appropriately used when needed to characterize the inhumanity seen in some individuals and groups .
So , for being generally mean - spirited , small - minded , closed - hearted , inhumane , selfish , and for perpetrating emotional violence on the American people and the world , these folks and institutions have made it to the “ Hall of Famous Regressives . ”
Editor ’s Note : Please follow James Lovette - Black on Twitter and Digg .
Earlier this week , Gang Starr rapper Guru suffered a heart attack that put him in a coma .
Rumors of the 43 - year - old MC 's death were quick to circulate , but it turns out that Gifted Unlimited Rhymes Universal is alive and well enough to issue a statement to AllHipHop.com .
According to the statement , he 's currently recuperating from surgery .
The man born Keith Elam told the website , " I am doing fine and I am recovering !
I 'm weak though .
[ Recent producing partner ]
Solar is the only person who has the accurate info on my situation .
Any info from anybody else is false !
I appreciate your well wishes and all the love ! "
The state of science , technology , engineering and math ( STEM ) education in the United States has seen some unflattering appraisals in recent years , and deservedly so .
In early February , the House of Representatives heard testimony on undergraduate and graduate education .
The message from the panel , which included experts from academia , STEM - based industries , and the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , was clear : the problems in STEM education are well - known , and it ‘s time to take action .
Both the hearing ’s charter and its chair , Daniel Lipinski ( D - IL ) , pointed out the obvious problem in higher education : students start out interested , but the STEM programs are driving them away .
As the National Academies described in its 2007 report Rising Above the Gathering Storm , successful STEM education is not just an academic pursuit — it ’s a necessity for competing in the knowledge - based economy that the United States had a key role in creating .
The potential for action comes thanks to the fact that the America COMPETES Act of 2007 is up for reauthorization .
Its initial focus was on STEM education at the K - 12 levels , but efforts at the undergraduate and graduate levels are needed to retain students to fill the jobs left vacant as baby boomers retire .
Undergraduates
Noah Finkelstein of the University of Colorado at Boulder , a physicist and STEM education researcher , handled undergraduate education .
He outlined UC ’s efforts to reform undergraduate physics education , undertaken with the imperative to " move away from the teacher - centered and passive - student pedagogy to a student - centered , inquiry oriented , discipline - based model of pedagogy that is research - based and research - validated . "
Research into physics education yielded their innovative Tutorials in Introductory Physics , a group - based method where students work through a physics concept without the aid of lectures — hands - on group work lets them teach each other face - to - face .
The text for this was authored by the University of Washington physics department , where I used it , and I will vouch for its effectiveness .
Compared to the rest of my science classes , I performed better in physics , and have retained much more information from them to this day .
Finkelstein also pointed out that we ca n’t expect these sorts of measurable improvements without the appropriate approach .
Cramming a single , nation - wide program down the throats of individual departments wo n’t work ; education is a highly personal affair , and a generic approach wo n’t work everywhere .
The NSF , however , may be able to drive programs to adopt reforms with the most powerful motivating forces known to academia : prestigious titles and money .
By breaking the endless cycle of money - for - journal - papers , the NSF could infuse money and prestige into the study of science education , making teaching worth a professor ’s time , rather than a roadblock to their pursuit of research dollars .
This would also drive the creation of programs that encourage science teaching at the undergraduate level , where the vast majority of our K - 12 educators are groomed .
Chiding the government for its boom - bust model of science spending , Finkelstein called for sustained funding that would spark long - term change in undergraduate STEM education , with reform occurring from the inside out .
I do not believe that we can continue in this way if we want to truly advance the STEM knowledge and skills of the nation broadly .
A kinder , gentler post-doc
Graduate studies were discussed by Karen Klomparens , the Dean of the Graduate School of Michigan State , and Robert Mathieu , chair of the Department of Astronomy and a STEM education researcher at University of Wisconsin .
Mathieu opened by stating that learning is occurring in spite of our graduate system , not because of it :
There is virtually no “ teacher preparation ” model in higher education .
Those who
can do research well receive PhDs , and then teach .
To the credit of deeply committed higher education faculty and students everywhere , much learning has occurred .
But I do not believe that we can continue in this way if we want to truly advance the STEM knowledge and skills of the nation broadly .
Mathieu pointed out that graduate programs are a critical lever of change because 4000 colleges and universities will draw their STEM faculty from a small handful of graduate programs .
But graduate programs have a flawed incentive system : there is no credit given for teaching skills , nor is there any training provided for them .
Graduate education in a STEM discipline is wildly skewed towards a career in academic research , and we do not prepare anyone for industry or to teach .
Komparens discussed the Center for Academic and Future Faculty Excellence ( CAFFE ) , an NSF initiative at Michigan State , which aims to address the shortcomings in graduate students ' “ soft skills . ”
In CAFFE , grad students study the art of teaching in an academically rigorous way , helping them drive change in other departments once they become faculty .
The hallmarks of good scientific research apply to the research of science education : a high level of rigor plus openness and vetting from the research community .
Mathieu and Komparens complimented each other well , and their message was extremely clear : we have a system and a culture of researchers and not educators , and a culture shift is needed or we risk driving off potential students .
Mathieu cited data showing that 90 percent of students that leave STEM disciplines cited bad teaching as a primary reason .
73 percent of those who stayed also complained about the poor teaching .
The programs at Michigan State and Wisconsin have produced measurable improvements , but they will remain exceptions unless the NSF continues to expand and fund its focus on teaching research .
As it stands now , faculty are hired to chase research dollars and generate results — teaching is a distant second , if that .
The NSF is uniquely positioned to change that , and attach the sort of prestige to teaching that we currently give to research .
An industry perspective
The wild card on the panel was the industry representative : Rick Stephens , senior vice president of human resources and administration at Boeing .
The aerospace industry employs a major portion of the nation ’s STEM workforce , but Stephens presented a bleak picture of an aging workforce and little domestic engineering talent to fill that void .
Because of defense spending , two - thirds of the jobs in the aerospace industry require US citizenship .
Stephens detailed Boeing ’s efforts to recruit talented STEM employees and outlined its study of the performance of STEM employees hired from 150 schools .
As the academic participants suggested , places with hands - on work , student - driven learning , and mentoring by faculty and other students provided the best employees ( and , incidentally , had the highest graduation rates ) .
Beyond education , Stephens recommended a concentrated effort to change the perception of STEM professionals in the minds of our youth .
A few decades ago , an engineering position was something to strive for , and things like the Apollo program inspired awe in the minds of the young .
Now , there ’s a steady decline in interest and performance in STEM subjects from pre-school onwards .
Stereotypes are everywhere in the media children are consuming : “ In movies and on TV , 10 percent of characters are scientists and engineers , ” Stephens said .
“ Unfortunately , of those , more than 70 percent kill others , are killed , or are overcome by lay people . ”
STEM professionals are portrayed as nerdy , socially inept and generally not normal — he called out the TV show The Big Bang Theory as an example .
The Aerospace Industries Association is now working with the Entertainment Industries Council ( EIC ) to correct the stereotypes .
The NSF
Representing an organization that had attracted the lion ’s share of attention , the NSF ’s Joan Ferrini - Mundy rounded out the testimony .
She outlined the NSF ’s existing programs , several of which were covered in more detail by other panelists .
The NSF provides direct student support at the undergraduate , graduate , and faculty levels , as well as institution - wide and national programs that are attempting to a move science away from the lecturer - audience model .
Graduate education was a weak point in the NSF ’s portfolio , but the programs generally aligned with the calls for a strong focus on the non-science parts of science : teamwork and interdisciplinary experience .
Overall , the panel showed a unified front on STEM education : the old , publish - or - die model has failed , a new model is already being experimented with , and the results are encouraging .
Oh , and we need money .
The ball is now in the government ’s court , which will have to decide whether to fund the NSF ’s attempts to foster better STEM education .
Graphics by Aurich Lawson .
A law adopting statewide high school exams for graduation took effect in Pennsylvania on Saturday , with the goal of ensuring that students leaving high school are prepared for college and the workplace .
But critics say the requirement has been so watered down that it is unlikely to have major impact .
The situation in Pennsylvania mirrors what has happened in many of the 26 states that have adopted high school exit exams .
As deadlines approached for schools to start making passage of the exams a requirement for graduation , and practice tests indicated that large numbers of students would fail , many states softened standards , delayed the requirement or added alternative paths to a diploma .
People who have studied the exams , which affect two - thirds of the nation ’s public school students , say they often fall short of officials ’ ambitious goals .
“ The real pattern in states has been that the standards are lowered so much that the exams end up not benefiting students who pass them while still hurting the students who fail them , ” said John Robert Warren , an expert on exit exams and a professor of sociology at the University of Minnesota - Twin Cities .
Last weekend ’s final days of struggle to pass the health care reform bill starkly showed the ugly reality that is the “ tea party . ”
From its inception the tea party people have used every dirty trick in the book to try to scare people into opposing heath care reform – from the “ death panels ” to how “ awful ” a government - run health care system would be – even though that is not what was proposed and most countries with government - run health care have better health care then we do .
But those lies and distortions could not win the battle for them so they threw in a massive dose of racism , primarily aimed at the president , sexism on the abortion issue , and red-baiting to try to further confuse , divide and panic the people .
Media outlets like
Fox gave the fullest coverage to these lies day in and day out .
I favored a stronger bill , at least with a public option .
But in that atmosphere it is amazing that even the modest final version of the bill passed .
Those members of Congress who stood up to the hysteria , racism , red- baiting and threats and voted for the bill are to be commended .
In our electoral system it ’s tough for capitalist politicians to do the right thing when it might mean they will face a well - financed right - wing attack machine this November .
The tea party folks , fearing a big loss was coming , were all over Capitol Hill last Saturday making their final push to defeat health care reform .
Just like they did at the town hall meetings last fall , they were in the faces of members of Congress , screaming and cursing .
It was a shocking display of in - your - face racism .
Congressman John Lewis , D - Ga. , was called the “ n ” word more than once .
So were Reps. Jim Clyburn , D - S.C. , and Andre Carson , D - Ind .
Lewis , the African American veteran civil rights leader who was beaten unconscious on the Edmund Pettus Bridge in the 1965 Selma , Alabama , march , said , “ I have n’t heard anything like this in 45 years . ”
Clyburn , a fellow member of the Congressional Black Caucus and a veteran of the Southern struggle , called it “ absolutely shocking . ”
But that ’s not all .
When Rep. Barney Frank , D - Mass . , who is gay , was walking through the halls of the Capitol building which were packed with tea party protesters , he was also verbally assaulted , repeatedly called the “ f ” word .
“ It ’s almost like the Salem witch trials , ” he said .
Rep. Bobby Scott , D - Va. , also black , pointed out the sheer confusion of the protesters .
“ I have never heard anyone campaign for their freedom to be uninsured .
I ’ve never heard anyone campaign against Medicare , ” said Scott .
“ That ’s what you ’re dealing with . ”
The protesters carried many signs opposing any inclusion of women ’s reproductive rights in the bill .
In fact , bowing to right - wing pressure , the bill retains the reactionary restrictions of the Hyde Amendment which prohibits use of any federal money to pay for abortions .
The stench of fascism is all over the teabaggers .
Not so long ago those bigoted , red - baiting attacks would have won the day .
No matter what might think of the bill , the fact that it was passed despite the most extreme right - wing demagogic , bigoted , ideological attack shows that some significant shifts in mass thought patterns in a progressive direction are taking place today and it is affecting the thinking of members of Congress .
As the struggle goes forward to improve health care ( single - payer , for one ) and the big struggle for jobs is unfolding , it is imperative that there be a stepped up ideological struggle against racism , sexism , homophobia and anti-communism if we are going move things in a progressive direction .
This is not just the lunatic fringe we are dealing with .
I do n’t care how much Michael Steele apologizes for the racists in his party .
This is n’t just the “ tea party ” ; it is also the GOP .
Newt Gingrich , who is supposed to be a right - wing idealogue and intellectual , showed his true racist essence when he warned the Democrats that if they passed the health care bill , “ They will have destroyed their party as much as Lyndon Johnson shattered the Democratic Party for 40 years ” by passing civil rights legislation .
If Gingrich thinks that defeating health care reform and eliminating discrimination and segregation are not moral and constitutional imperatives for a democracy but rather something to be left alone because it ’s politically risky , he is morally and politically bankrupt .
Is that what the party that says it ’s for a “ color blind ” society is all about ?
If they win control again , is it back to Jim Crow ?
The struggle for health care reform showed a lot .
It gave us another indication of what we are up against and fighting for .
All democratic forces need to be aware that we face nothing less then an epic battle for the future of our nation , and we dare not fail .
In the Lost episode " Recon , " we received the most tantalizing flash - sideways yet - the two sassiest castaways , Miles and Sawyer , are partners in the LAPD .
What would their spin - off series look like ?
Let us imagine ... Ghost Voice and Prime Rib .
Advertisement
Even if Lost 's flash - sideways have n't been your cup of tea , it 's hard to resist the notion of haunted good ol ' boy Sawyer and haunting investigator Miles teaming up to fight crime .
They 're both con artists in Island life and sardonic as the day is long .
Watching a cop drama with the two of them would be like Lethal Weapon with two Mel Gibsons .
There would only be two options : loose cannon and looser cannon - er .
Look at 'em both , totally steeped in the badassitude of justice :
Advertisement
Based on what we 've seen in " Recon , " here 's what we imagine a James ' n ' Miles boys - in - blue spin - off would look like .
And even though Miles never displays his ghost whispering in the flash - sideways , we 're just going to assume he can talk to dead people , but he surreptitiously utilizes it for the powers of good .
Without further ado , here 's the pilot episode of the adventures of James Ford and Miles Chang , a.k.a.
Ghost Voice and Prime Rib .
SCENE : A motel parking lot .
MILES and JAMES are seated in a LAPD paddywagon with SWAT OFFICERS .
JAMES is look debonair - real boffo , like an Acadian longshoreman on the cover of a Harlequin romance novel .
MILES looks inexplicably irked as usual , like he has a Sweet Tart lodged in his esophagus .
MILES : Alright , James .
The suspect here is a real black widow .
She 's jumped from husband to husband , pocketing their fortunes after their asses are six feet under .
JAMES : Well , Oreos and Ovaltine , Chang .
How'd you piece this case together ?
MILES : ( looks out the window )
Let 's just say I 've got some sources who like to stay quiet .
Real quiet .
( CUE GHOSTLY NEW AGE HARPSICHORD ) .
Good thing this lady has an expensive taste for high - priced , cornpone gigolos , otherwise we 'd never have an in .
JAMES : I 've been meaning to ask you Miles .
What sort of long con are working here ?
How am I supposed to shake down this lady for intel ?
MILES : The room 's tapped .
Here 's what you 're going to do - you 'll go in there , do the deed , and then kick open this suitcase full of unmarked bills after you 've done the deed .
Say you 're ripping off some old cat lady down in San Dimas .
Chances are she 'll want in .
This is the time to wheedle a confession out of her .
Hopefully she 'll get sloppy and ' fess up to her crypt full of dead hubbies .
JAMES : Yeah , M.C. I 'm not really getting the " do the deed " part .
MILES : What ?
Are you kidding me ?
Did n't your dad ever teach you about the birds and bees ?
( Now JAMES looks like he has the phantom Sweet Tart lodged in his throat . )
JAMES : I know what that means , grey - tips .
Just why do I have to do it ?
MILES : Hey Boss Hog , if it 's safety you 're worried about you , wo n't be caught with your pants down .
Well , proverbially , that is .
Luke , Denny , Roy , Ray , Big Ray , Little Roy , and I will be here the whole time in case things get dicey .
SWAT OFFICER #1 : We 're here for you , Detective Ford .
JAMES : Shut up , Little Roy .
You did n't answer my question , Miles .
MILES : Look James , sometimes you 've got to soften up the suspect before you go in for the kill .
You 're the softener , I 'm the killer .
Capiche ?
JAMES : You 're going to be listening to me having sex the entire time .
MILES : It 's for your own safety .
JAMES : Just like the last seven stakeouts .
MILES : Again , it 's for your own safety .
JAMES : No , it 's not .
Big Ray brought Junior Mints .
MILES : Damn it , Big Ray !
( BIG RAY shrugs sheepishly . )
JAMES : Listen here , Miles .
I do n't play by the book .
I rewrote the damn book and it debuted # 1 on the NY Times bestsellers list .
But something about me a van full of my coworkers listening to me have sex with a stranger for no necessary reason sounds highly unethical and highly illegal .
Real cops do n't do this .
MILES : And you know what real cops do n't do ?
Complain about their jobs .
JAMES : Give me the damn suitcase , Chang .
MILES : Hey , if you do n't pull a botch - job on this one , I 'll introduce you to one of my dad 's friend 's daughters .
JAMES : Which one ?
You 've already introduced me to Naomi , Nikki , Shannon , Ana -Lucia , Juliet , and Ilana .
Who 's left ?
MILES : This chick Libby .
I hear she 's crazy in bed !
[ JAMES walks out , muttering twanged obscenities under his breath . ]
BIG RAY : I hope this one 's into the freaky stuff like the last two .
MILES : Shut up , Big Ray .
Pass me the the Razzles .
They made the guns that helped to win the war and save the world .
The 16,000 women who worked in the massive Lakeview Small Arms Munitions factory during the Second World War manufactured millions of Sten guns and Lee-Enfield rifles .
Allied soldiers used them to defeat Nazi Germany , fascist Italy and imperial Japan .
Their contribution to the war effort was recognized Thursday at Queen 's Park as part of the celebrations surrounding International Women 's Day .
Liberal MPP Charles Sousa ( Mississauga South ) hailed them for " helping to advance women 's rights " and building the modern Canadian economy by remaining in the workforce after the war ended in 1945 .
" They worked as welders , tool and die makers , riveters and carpenters , " Sousa said in a statement in the Legislature that was greeted with a standing ovation from members of all three parties .
Toiling up to 12 hours a day in one of the largest armaments factories in Canada for between 25 cents and 50 cents an hour was not easy .
" It was hard work , " remembered Mary Hanson , 85 , one of five veterans of the plant on hand for the ceremony .
In 1942 , Hanson moved from a farm outside Winnipeg to what is now Mississauga to work in the factory because economic opportunities were few and far between .
Kay Waldner Rylko , 87 , was living on her family 's farm near Saskatoon in 1941 when a newspaper ad caught her eye .
" There was a big advertisement in the paper that said , ` Girls , girls , we need you out east making the guns , ' " she said .
" So we thought , well , this is a good opportunity to take ... it was the Depression time and ( my family ) thought , well , if you get a job somewhere , it 's good . "
On a farm in Grand Valley , about 100 kilometres northwest of Toronto , three sisters felt they could also do their part for the war effort .
Bernice Glowe , 85 , Olive Purdy , 87 , and Violet Driscoll , 88 , remember it as a hurly - burly time in their lives .
" We met a lot of young people and we had fun , you know , " said Purdy .
" It was tiring , but we still were able to go dancing Saturday nights in the city – in different places , the Palais Royale and way out on the Danforth sometimes , " she said with a laugh .
Jim Tovey , vice - chair of the heritage advisory committee for the city of Mississauga and a community activist in Lakeview , said the women , whose American counterparts are known in popular culture as " Rosie the Riveter , " were true pioneers .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" In Canada , it was a duty and an opportunity , " said Tovey , who has worked to preserve the surviving parts of the Lakeview factory as a heritage site .
" It was really the entrenchment of the feminist movement in Canada , the work these women did . "
Enlarge CDC
An electron microscope image of E. coli bacteria .
Dean Wyatt , a supervisory veterinarian at the USDA 's Food Safety and Inspection Service , is testifying after several outbreaks of E. coli O157:H7 .
HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER WASHINGTON  Department of Agriculture officials failed to act on reports of illegal and unsafe slaughterhouse practices , letting suspect operations continue despite public health risks , a USDA veterinarian alleges in testimony to be aired today at a congressional hearing .
The charges by Dean Wyatt , a supervisory veterinarian at the USDA 's Food Safety and Inspection Service , detail instances in which he and other inspectors were overruled when citing slaughterhouses for violations such as shocking and butchering days - old calves that were too weak or sick to stand .
He also describes being threatened with transfer or demotion after citing a plant for butchering conscious pigs , despite rules that they first be stunned and unconscious .
IN USA : Food - borne illnesses cost $ 152B a year " When upper - level FSIS management looks the other way as food safety or humane slaughter laws are broken … then management is just as guilty for breaking those laws , " Wyatt says in testimony sent to the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee .
USA TODAY obtained a copy of the testimony in advance of today 's hearing .
Wyatt 's testimony follows several outbreaks of E. coli O157:H7 and other potentially deadly illnesses linked to contaminated meat .
It also raises issues linked to the 2008 recall of 143 million pounds of beef from the Westland / Hallmark processing plant in Chino , Calif. , which was caught slaughtering " downer " cows that were too sick or weak to walk on their own .
Such animals are considered risks for carrying mad cow disease and other illnesses .
USDA spokesman Caleb Weaver says inaction on Wyatt 's reports occurred before the tenure of current Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack , who is " fully committed " to enforcing safe and humane slaughtering rules .
In 2008 and early 2009 , Wyatt ordered suspensions in operations three times at Bushway Packing Inc. , in Grand Isle , VT .
Among other things , he found downed calves being dragged through pens to slaughter — a violation because contact with excrement can contaminate animals .
In each case , he says , managers overruled him and allowed the plant to keep running .
Bushway subsequently made headlines last fall when the Humane Society of the United States filmed undercover video of workers hitting and using electric prods to move calves .
The plant was shut down .
Vilsack ordered a criminal investigation .
Bushway has " made changes to comply fully with the Humane Slaughtering Act and we hope to … reopen in the near future , " says Peter Langrock , a lawyer for the company .
Wyatt also says superiors dismissed violations he reported in 2007 and 2008 at a Seaboard Foods pork plant in Guymon , Okla .
He cited the plant for slaughtering conscious pigs , beating pigs and trampling of pigs .
In some cases , Seaboard successfully appealed Wyatt 's citations , says company marketing director David Eaheart .
And Seaboard always " took steps to ensure that if there were any deficiencies , they were addressed . "
But Wyatt says his reports and those of other inspectors were shelved by regional supervisors without consulting on - site personnel .
Instead , he says , writers of citations were chastised and threatened with transfer .
Wyatt 's experiences " illustrate a pattern that FSIS is broken and must be fixed , " says Amanda Hitt of the Government Accountability Project , a whistle - blower organization representing Wyatt .
" The new administration must recognize past wrongs and … ensure the proper treatment of animals and the safety of our food supply , " says Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D - Ohio , who will chair today 's hearing .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Should Starbucks Allow Gun Owners to Openly Carry Handguns in Its Stores ?
" World News " wants to hear what you think .
March 4 , 2010  --
Starbucks has become a battleground in a fight over whether gun owners should be allowed to openly wear unloaded handguns in public .
The " Open Carry " movement advocates carrying weapons on holsters in plain sight .
In recent months , gun advocates have held " open carry " meet - ups at Starbucks stores in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Starbucks says it will allow the guns as long as they 're legal .
That decision is angering gun control advocates .
Our question to you today : Should Starbucks allow gun owners to openly carry handguns in its stores ?
I am pleased to report that an inspired reader had the courage to address the Albany city council over outrageous comments made by the Albany New York Police union .
Reader " Justin " put his neck on the line by his actions .
To understand what " Justin " is riled about please see What Union Leaders Really Think .
Today ’s NY
Post reveals a moment of honesty from a NY union official .
Albany Police Officers Union President Chris Mesley says that , regardless of the faltering economy , a no-raise new contract is unacceptable .
And to hell with the public .
" I 'm not running a popularity contest here , " Mesley said .
" If I 'm the bad guy to the average citizen . . . and their taxes have go up to cover my raise , I 'm very sorry about that , but I have to look out for myself and my membership . "
Mesley added : " As the president of the local , I will not accept ' zeroes . '
If that means . . . ticking off some taxpayers , then so be it . "
Standing Up To Union
Thugs
Mish ,
I 've been a long time reader and fan of yours and I recently took your advice last night as I publicly protested the remarks of Chris Mesley to the Albany City Common Council .
I know you 're busy but I thought you might enjoy some of my comments .
Justin's Speech
Good evening Madame President and council members .
When Chris Mesley became a police officer he swore an oath to act in a manner befitting a police officer ; to act with honesty , courtesy , and regard for the welfare of others .
This week , Mr. Mesley broke that oath and spit in the face of Albany and its citizens .
He received national attention when he went on the record saying , quote , " If I 'm the bad guy to the average citizen ... and their taxes have go up to cover my raise , I 'm very sorry about that , but I have to look out for myself and my membership " .
Ladies and gentleman , if you are a taxpayer in this city and you do not protest the blatant arrogance of Chris Mesley , then you are asking to be taxed to death .
What he said should not come as a surprise to anyone .
Public sector unions have held nothing but contempt for the average citizen for years ; Chris was just the only one to say it openly .
I , for one , am glad he said it though , as the public spotlight is now shining brightly on him and the unions .
As the New York Post goes on to say , taxpayers will , quote , " end up working longer and harder to pay for the guaranteed salaries and plush benefits of union members .
Mesley admits he understands that .
He just does n't care " .
Well , unlike Mesley , I do care and I 'm here to represent the interests of taxpayers in this city .
As such , we demand that the city of Albany offer to refuse pay increases to all Council 82 union members .
If they do n't like it or feel they are underpaid , as they so claim , then let them leave .
I 'm sure they will find plenty of work in the private sector , since it 's just bursting with high income jobs and benefits .
Just give you an idea of how underpaid Chris is , I did some digging .
According to publicly available figures , Chris Mesley 's salary for 2009 was $ 70,289 .
Reports from the Times Union in 2008 speculated that his wages as union leader were an additional $ 30,000 or more .
All in all , Chris Mesley is almost certainly in the six figure range at a time when the median salary for a household in Albany is $ 33,000 .
Yes , you heard that correctly .
Chris Mesley is making 3 times or more the median salary and is complaining that he might not get a raise .
To add insult to injury ,
Chris does not even live in the city of Albany , the city he has sworn to protect and serve .
The sense of entitlement of Chris Mesley and , all those who think alike , has led to the pilfering of state and city coffers .
They are like leeches , sucking the taxpayers dry , and that 's an insult to leeches .
At least leeches know when to let go .
As representatives of the taxpayers of the city of Albany , I expect each and every one of you to respond to the belligerent comments made by Mr. Mesley , and act in the interest of the public .
The unions , which were once created to protect the citizens , have now become the very thing that terrorizes them .
They have become the new " gangs of New York " , and , as Mayor Philip Hone perfectly summarized 170 years ago , they " patrol the streets making night hideous and insulting all who are not strong enough to defend themselves . "
The time has come for private sector workers to stand up and demand fair representation in a world where the political muscling of public unions has unjustly prevailed .
Public union officers cannot serve in the best interests of the public while simultaneously serving the interests of their union .
Justin Concludes
Feel free to post any or all of my remarks if you so wish .
I 've been getting tired of the business as usual policy in Albany , and Mr. Mesley 's remarks are the straw the broke the camel 's back .
I 'm proud of what I said too , and many have told me it took courage to speak out against the police force .
I will continue to fight against the union idiocy as I 'm already preparing to speak about the teacher 's union at the next meeting .
I 've looked at their actuarial and statistical reports and have been compiling data to help show the unsustainability of defined pension plans .
I 'm only 24 years old and I 've got a lot to learn , but I think I 'm on the right track .
Thanks for taking the time to read this !
Justin
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/IfJesusThenAliens
Cassie :
Have you ever thought about all the weird shit that people say goes on ?
Like aliens and Bigfoot and how many stories are there ?
But it only takes for one of them to be true and everything is different .
Like ... everything we logically believe is up for grabs .
Andrew : Okay .
But I 'm thinking " Man marries Werewolf " probably is n't the one .
Fuel Okay .
But I 'm thinking " Man marries Werewolf " probably is n't the one .
This is a trope with two opposing halves that explode on contact , much like matter and antimatter .
Advertisement :
Trope Part the First : Anyone on television who is a person of faith is a person who will believe in anything .
Unicorns .
UFOs .
Psychics .
Snake handling .
Bigfoot .
Yes , all of them at once , even if they are contradictory .
Thus : If Jesus , Then Aliens .
" Believers " are gullible idiots who will accept pretty much anything as not just possible , but probable , or even likely .
Trope Part the Second : A skeptic , rationalist , atheist , " scientist " or other critical - thinking type believes in nothing .
Thus the contrapositive , If Not Aliens , Then Not Jesus .
Alien abductions are bunk , and so are psychics , and therefore God does not exist .
A declaration by a scientist that they do not believe in one thing , such as ghosts , automatically means they think that anything supernatural , including the spiritual and the religious , is total nonsense and anyone who believes otherwise is an idiot .
Advertisement :
The rhetorical term for this kind of thinking is a " False Dichotomy " :
A person must be either a Believer or a Skeptic , but may not ever be both , nor fall somewhere between the extremes .
Any belief on one side or the other will result in all beliefs on that side so this trope can exist with the title implication often running in reverse ; " if ghosts , then Jesus " is common .
The existence of characters of this type is sometimes caused by a Writer on Board , but more often is the simple result of taking complex , complicated real people with diverse belief sets and trimming them down into stereotypes so they can be pitted against each other in a " Faith versus Science Showdown " which might be resolved by a Golden Mean Aesop .
This usually just comes off as an insult to everyone involved .
It 's false equivalence , and further ignores the fact that from a skeptical point of view , the existence of one supernatural thing provides no reason to believe in another unrelated supernatural thing , while simultaneously ignoring the fact that many religions frown heavily on their followers believing in events defined as " non-natural " by that religion 's chosen godforce .
It 's also ironically wrong for a different reason ; people without religious beliefs are more likely , statistically , to believe aliens exist in the universe , also ironically because of statistics that indicated that the universe has near infinite chances of other intelligent lifeforms existing .
So a closer - to - truthful trope , if taking this example to the extreme , name might be If Aliens , No Jesus or , perhaps more fittingly , If Jesus , No Aliens .
That is to say , beliefs of these sorts tend to cluster , with Scully types believing in Jesus , angels , miracles , faith healing , etc. while Mulder types believe in bigfoot , UFOs , psychics , and acupuncture , and there 's very little overlap .
Advertisement :
Done with a small amount of finesse , this particular conflict can actually be entertaining : thus we have Agent Mulder and Agent Scully in their original forms , with the small but interesting subversion that the original Mulder would believe any fantastic explanation except a religious one , while the original Scully would be reluctant to believe any fantastic explanation unless it was religious in nature , in which case they would swap roles : she would become the Believer and he would become the Skeptic .
So Scully and Mulder were n't a pairing of a believer and a skeptic , but of two different and mutually skeptical believers .
Sometimes , instead of religious figures they will be substituted with something strange , such as platypi .
Related tropes include All Myths Are True and Arbitrary Skepticism .
If the Writer on Board is in the " Believers " camp , a Straw Vulcan or Hollywood Atheist is likely to appear ; if in the " Skeptic " camp , expect at least one , and probably more , examples of Holier Than Thou and Belief Makes You Stupid .
Not to be confused with No Such Thing as Space Jesus , which is the opposite .
Sort of .
Examples :
open / close all folders
Anime and Manga
In one episode taking place near Christmas in Azumanga Daioh , Kagura , who is n't exceptionally bright herself , asks if reindeer are actual animals , correctly concluding that the nonexistence of Santa does not preclude the existence of reindeer sleds .
Tomo starts to taunt everyone about thinking reindeer exist , falsely assuming that the nonexistence of flying sleds precludes the existence of any reindeer as well .
Comic Books
The graphic novel Creature Tech had an interesting take on this .
The protagonist , Dr. Ong , is an atheist and a brilliant scientist , working at a top - secret lab researching the weird and supernatural .
Then , he runs across the actual Shroud of Turin at work ( they know it 's the real deal because the blood on it heals people and raises the dead ) .
This makes
Ong admit to his preacher father that Jesus must have really been the Son of God , but he does n't give anything more than intellectual assent to Jesus .
Dr. Ong remains this way , until a teleportation accident lands him on another planet , at the foot of a cross where an Alien Jesus is being crucified .
I kid you not : If Alien Jesus , then Jesus .
Creature
Tech is all over this trope .
Ong 's father was driven to religion by his findings as the previous scientist working at the aforementioned institution :
If aliens , then Jesus .
He also objects to the Shroud of Turin because having conclusive evidence of Jesus ' divinity would deprive people of the right to choose whether to believe in Christ .
Batman ( depending on the writer ) has been seen denying the existence of ghosts , magic , and gods other than the New Gods ( whom he does n't seem to consider gods ) .
On the rare occasions when he does admit to the existence of magic , other characters usually notice .
Here 's an example from JLA .
Atom : ( As Batman consults Manitou Raven )
This is bad ... he 's going to the dark side .
Firestorm : What , Batman has a light side ?
Atom : I mean magic .
He 's really desperate .
Doctor
Thirteen , ever since being integrated into the main DC universe , has usually been depicted as a Flat - Earth Atheist without peer , all too willing to deny the supernatural no matter how conclusive the evidence .
In the " Architects and Mortality " storyline , he teams up with a vampire , a ghost pirate , a talking gorilla , and a time traveler , among others .
One of his earliest denials of the whole affair hinged upon the fact that the " yeti " he saw the other day was actually the vampire in a very heavy coat , and if yetis do n't exist then neither do vampires , and he 's having an extremely vivid dream or hallucination .
In Batman : Curse of the White Knight , Barbara thinks that Lafayette " Laffy " Arkham actually could have been a vampire like in the legends , arguing that all sorts of weird things prowl the streets of Gotham City and that vampires would n't be the weirdest .
Film
Literature
Apropos of G. K. Chesterton , the Father Brown stories subvert this trope pretty heavily - several stories feature the priest seeing through apparent miracles that take others in , precisely because he has a firm belief in the supernatural - and therefore a framework to think about them in , and an appreciation that " inexplicable " does not equal " miraculous " .
This trope is used to explain why Stanley Uris , one of the main characters in Stephen King 's IT can't fully accept the existence of the book 's creature and eventually kills himself rather than return to face the monster .
In one inner thought sequence he explains to the reader that the existence of the monster actually OFFENDS him , because the existence of ANY supernatural phenomena destroys his neat and tidy rationalist vision of the world .
" Everything leads to everything ... "
.
In one inner thought sequence he explains to the reader that In Larry Niven 's Fallen Angels , the " ruling coalition of proxmires , falwells , rifkins and maclaines " is composed of groups who in real life regard each other , sometimes literally , as minions of the Devil , but in the novel work harmoniously to make life miserable for the Good Guys , because nothing else counts against their ( alleged ) technophobic mindset .
note William Proxmire was a Senator who opposed the space program on purely economic grounds .
Jerry Falwell was a fundamentalist Christian who founded the Moral Majority and led the Religious Right during the Reagan Administration .
He also believed the New Age movement and science were both Satanic plots .
Jeremy Rifkin is an environmentalist activist , but also a staunch believer in individual human rights and that technology can be used sustainably .
Shirley MacLaine popularized the New Age movement .
If Jesus , then crystals , and vice versa .
If Ludd , then Jesus .
This is stated to be the result of decades of political maneuvering ; just as combining socialism with Catholicism to create liberation theology made the Catholic Church a supporter of the Soviet Union and extended the Cold War for a few more decades , combining Green and Catholic thinking into " Eco-fundamentalism " enabled the authorities to gain bipartisan support ( Green liberals and fundie conservatives ) and pretty much Take Over the World .
A group marriage made in hell ; Luddites , fundies , environmentalists and spiritualists all realizing they are Not So Different in that they all yearn for Ye Goode Olde Days .
If Jesus , then crystals , and vice versa .
If Ludd , then Jesus .
Referenced in The Dresden Files .
" Zombies .
Jesus . "
" I kinda doubt they had anything to do with that one . "
Inverted in Charles Stross ' A Colder War : an alternate - history USA is dealing with Lovecraftian horrors used as weapons by the Soviets .
Ronald Reagan is elected and treats them as just another kind of technology - he 's too religious to believe in any supernatural aspect to them .
If Jesus , then not Cthulhu .
To be fair , Lovecraft himself would likely agree with that syllogism , or rather ,  If Cthulhu , then Not Jesus . 
In Anne Rice 's Memnoch the Devil , Lestat encounters a being that claims to be The Devil , calling itself Memnoch , who takes the vampire on a journey , showing him Heaven and Hell , as well as the history of Earth from a Biblical ( and Memnoch 's own ) point of view .
When Lestat asks the obvious question ( if extraterrestrial life exists ) , Memnoch answers that he does n't know , as he never looked at any other world .
So , vampires , God / Jesus , the Devil , angels , ghosts , spirits , witches ... all exist .
Aliens ?
Who knows ?
We got enough trouble here .
It should be noted that Anne Rice wrote this novel ( and all others about vampires and witches ) before becoming a " born - again Christian " and renouncing her " heresy " .
The novel also explicitly mentions that besides setting the Universe into motion , God did not participate in human evolution , so there is nothing to indicate that this could n't have happened elsewhere , especially since neither God nor his angels particularly care about any other planet .
However , given the events of her most recent work , Prince Lestat and the Realms of Atlantis ... yea extraterrestrial beings are definitely a possibility .
Robert J. Sawyer plays with this trope extensively in Calculating God .
Thomas remains stubbornly atheist while several species of alien try to convince him that not only does God exist , but the math proves it .
Umberto Eco's
The Island of the Day Before has a 17th century Jesuit use the " If Jesus , No Aliens " argument , trying to convince the protagonist Roberto that other worlds do not exist .
His argument is that , if there are other worlds with people on them , every single one would have to have a Jesus dying for that world 's salvation , meaning the Crucifixion was not the unique , monumental event Christianity treats it as ; on the other hand , if God were to create these worlds and not offer them salvation , he would not be the loving god Christianity treats him as .
The Jesuit is not portrayed particularly sympathetically , and his line of doctrinaire " reasoning " contributes to Roberto 's slow , steady descent into madness .
This was the reasoning used to condemn Giordano Bruno 's belief in the existence of other worlds as heresy , and him to the stake , in Real Life .
In Andrei Belyanin's The Thief of Baghdad , the author relays a Fish out of Temporal Water scenario , in which a modern - day Russian man is magically transported into " Arabian Nights "
Days by a genie to become the legendary titular character .
The story ( and sequels ) feature all manner of Middle Eastern magical creatures .
The author decides he should n't stop there and invoke this trope .
After all , if a guy can be abducted and sent into the magical past by a genie , then why can't he also be abducted by a flying saucer in the middle of a Baghdad street chase , causing the guards to run away in fear , claiming that St. Khidr 's chariot has taken the thieving infidel for righteous punishment .
Live - Action TV
In NUMB3RS , this trope seems to crop up with distressing regularity .
Every few episodes , Charlie is challenged to move beyond the empirical world to a matter of faith , only the matter of faith in question is something completely outside the normal debate of science vs. religion , and yet Larry 's right there urging Charlie to consider that it might possibly be true .
After all , even scientists do n't pretend that they can know everything , right ?
Note that Charlie is about the only straight example of the trope in the show .
His brother is as likely to believe or disbelieve things .
Larry , a scientist , is far more open to belief in the supernatural than Charlie is .
Played surprisingly straight in 30 Rock .
Religion plays a negligible role in most characters ' lives , except when Played for Laughs , i.e. when Liz Lemon states that her religious beliefs are " pretty much whatever Oprah tells me to do . "
However , Kenneth , the one ( non-Girl of the Week ) character who is devoutly religious , is also strongly hinted at as being immortal .
Joan of Arcadia : " Touch Move " as well as several other episodes .
Both Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel avert this trope .
They 've seen vampires and demons of all kinds , but Buffy is agnostic , unknown what Angel is .
Buffy wears a cross necklace , but only as a weapon against vampires .
Vampire Holden Webster ( after discovering vampires and Slayers exist ) : Does God exist , by the way ?
Is there any word on that ?
Buffy : Nothing solid .
In the Buffyverse , everything of legends ( vampires , werewolves , Bigfoot ( feet ? ) , Loch Ness Monster , etc. ) are real .
Except leprechauns .
All of the above is probably a case of Writer on Board , since Joss Whedon 's an atheist .
John Locke of Lost fame is one of the few explicit representatives on TV of that ( not insignificant ) portion of society who are very spiritually inclined but not religious .
This has led to him being used as a foil for another character 's belief system multiple times : he contrasts with Jack , who is shown ( at least early on ) to be very earthly and skeptical ; he also contrasts with Mr. Eko , whose spirituality is of a deeply religious nature .
This trope was actually mentioned by a character in Baywatch as her personal beliefs .
In her own words , " If there can be aliens , there can be elves . "
The supernatural , however , was not a part of the show .
Until the Baywatch Nights spin-off .
Averted by the characters of Dave Lister and Arnold Rimmer in Red Dwarf .
In true Chestertonian fashion , Rimmer scoffs at the notion of God but is frighteningly eager to declare any unexplained phenomena the work of aliens ; Lister , on the other hand , is a pantheist but also considers human sapience to be alone in the universe ( Lister is closer to correct ; all the " alien " species they encounter evolved from Terran life forms ) .
On the other hand , Lister is also described as or implied to be an atheist a couple of times as well - so either he became a pantheist at some point or it's just another case of Red Dwarf 's rampant retconning .
To be entirely precise , Rimmer effectively substitutes belief in sufficiently advanced aliens for a belief in God while Lister is more of an irreligious skeptic ( either believing in no God or in the universe as a non-personal God ) .
This does n't really conform to this trope , either straight or as an aversion .
Lister was stated to be a pantheist in " Last Days " , part of the third season , while he was stated to be an atheist in " Back to Reality " , the final episode of the fifth season .
This means it 's not implausible that Lister originally had faith in the idea of the universe being a non-personal god , then gave up believing in any form of god at all .
Inversely , after the first two seasons , Rimmer 's obsession with finding aliens is toned down to the point of vanishing completely , whereas despite mocking the idea of believing in God in the first season , in the third season episode " Timeslides " it 's implied he 's attended a church service onboard the ship ( although who was conducting it is anyone 's guess ) and in " Last Day " he says people should n't be mocked for their beliefs ( it 's probably a side effect of suddenly coming from a different century ) .
The short - lived sci-fi series Special Unit 2 centered on a secret police bureau devoted to tracking down " Links " , evolutionary deviations that were responsible for the ideas of classical monsters .
Throughout most of the series , there 's a scientific explanation for most of the deviations .
The episode " The Eve " , however , quickly set about suspension of disbelief to tiny little pieces .
A Link so old and so powerful he 's considered the Devil ?
Sure .
He can raise people from the dead ?
Okay .
There 's a prophecy about him ?
Sure , you could buy precognition .
He needs a magic ring to carry out his plans ?
Er , all right , you could buy that it's of special Applied Phlebotinum .
He needs to pull off a magical ritual to gain the power ?
Oh , fuck that noise .
The X - Files is a subversion : Mulder , who appears to be an atheist or agnostic , believes in aliens and most paranormal reports .
Scully , who struggles with her faith , but still is shown to be a believing Catholic , initially denied the existence of most paranormal phenomena .
This subversion was most apparent in any episode featuring religious supernatural phenomena .
Mulder and Scully would actually switch roles , with Mulder being the skeptic and Scully trying hard to believe .
The two agents ' views on the paranormal are completely inverted very early on in the Season 1 episode " Beyond the Sea " .
Serial killer Luther Boggs ( who Mulder helped apprehend ) claims to have had psychic revelations regarding a kidnapping case , but Mulder is particularly skeptical whereas Scully comes to believe him after Boggs reveals certain details regarding her recently - deceased father that he could not know .
What does n't help is that Boggs gets certain things wrong , such as ' reading ' information from a scrap of ' evidence ' related to the case that actually came from one of Mulder 's t- shirts .
Scully :
How is it that you 're able to go out on a limb whenever you see a light in the sky , but you 're unwilling to accept the possibility of a miracle ?
Even when it 's right in front of you ?
Mulder : I wait for a miracle every day .
But what I 've seen here has only tested my patience , not my faith .
Slight subversion on Star Trek : Deep Space Nine : Major Kira is one of the most overtly religious characters on all of Star Trek , but also very cynical , sometimes even about the aliens / gods her people worship .
The gods of the Bajorans , known as " The Prophets " , are referred to by most of the other characters on the show as simply " The Wormhole Aliens " .
Captain Sisko starts off as one of the latter , but his belief grows as the series progresses and he comes to accept his role as a type of religious leader for the Bajorans .
Likewise , the race of changelings are seen as " gods " by those they rule over , but not by others .
There is also this exchange between two of the show 's antagonists : Weyoun : Pah - wraiths and Prophets .
All this talk of gods strikes me as nothing more than superstitious nonsense .
Damar :
You believe that the Founders are gods , do n't you ?
Weyoun :
That 's different .
Damar : [ laughs ]
In what way ?
Weyoun : The Founders are gods .
In another conversation , Odo asks if Weyoun has considered that the Founders may have simply programmed belief in their divinity into the Jem ' Hadar and Vorta .
Weyoun :
Of course they did - that 's what gods do .
Crops up in an episode of the American version of Life On Mars .
The young cop , Chris , states that he wants to believe in aliens because then angels are n't so far of a stretch .
Because if there are flying saucers out there , that means God exists , right ?
Inverted , in that he seems to believe If Aliens Then Jesus .
Grace Van Pelt in The Mentalist is like this .
She is a religious believer and also believes that a relative is a psychic , and asks the titular mentalist how to distinguish " true " psychics from " false " ones .
Patrick Jane dismisses her with a categorical " There is no such thing as psychics " but she refuses to acknowledge it .
In this case the connection was sensible , since her belief in psychics specifically revolved over their supposed ability to communicate with the dead , the afterlife being central to Christian doctrine .
Eureka , " God Is In the Details " .
In V ( 2009 ) , the inverse happens where people start to become more religious when the aliens invade .
When visiting the Vatican , Anna demands that a cardinal tell all Catholic priests to stop demonizing Vs .
When the cardinal not only refuses on the grounds that he can't stop priests from expressing their opinions but he also supports their skepticism of the Vs ' intentions , Anna then explains that , since Christianity is founded on the belief in miracles , V technology can be used to make more things that appear to be just as miraculous to an average human .
Basically , she threatens him with Catholics choosing to abandon their faith in favor of the Vs , and he caves in .
Criminal Minds inverts this .
Rossi ( Catholic ) and Morgan ( unspecified Christian denomination ) are the two most skeptical members of the team when it comes to psychics in " Cold Comfort " and demonic possession in " Demonology , " although Rossi acknowledges the power of belief in such things - very negatively in the case of psychics ( who waste investigators ' time ) .
Morgan was also skeptical of near - death experiences in " Epilogue " , doubting that such instances were really glimpses of the afterlife .
JAG : Played with in " Psychic Warrior " , in which a skeptical mathematician was asked by Rabb on the stand , in a case dealing with a Navy experiment on remote viewing , if he believed in God .
He reluctantly admitted it .
Rabb then criticized his lack of belief in the possibility of psychic phenomena .
On The Walking Dead , Daryl brings up the Chupacabra and T - Dog expresses disbelief .
The reply is , essentially , " The dead are walking and you do n't believe in the chupacabra ? "
Well , thing is , there 's ample evidence ( in the show ) for the walking dead ...
Brennan on Bones is skeptical of everything , from religion to aliens to psychology , and takes for granted that all her scientifically - minded comrades are likewise atheists .
She 's surprised to find out that 's not the case .
Her Muslim intern went to great lengths to justify his faith , and one intern defended his father 's Catholic faith ( though he was more defending the right to believe , rather than the belief itself ) .
Even conspiracy - theorist Hodgins sits on the middle line , stating " Just because I think organized religion is a scam , does n't mean God does n't love me . "
And then there 's Booth , who was raised Catholic , but only suggests paranormal explanations to get under Brennan 's skin and does n't seem to be more supernaturally - inclined than the others , and Angela , who regularly consults with her psychic , but does n't make any statements either way on religion .
Over time , Brennan manages to loosen up on her severe skepticism even agreeing to baptize her children without having to embrace everything .
Theatre
In William Shakespeare 's The Tempest , Alonso declares , after spirits prepare a banquet , that he will now believe in unicorns and phoenixes .
It 's possible he 's meant to be sarcastic , though , since he calls the spirits a " living drollery " .
Sebastian agrees with the sentiment .
Video Games
Played with in The Lost Crown : A Ghosthunting Adventure , where Nigel is frustrated by Lucy's ( wrong , but reasonable from what she 's seen ) insistence that the spooky things in Saxton Museum are n't necessarily proof of ghosts , just something strange .
Nigel 's own credibility later reveals its limits when Hardacre implies that he believes myths of dragons had a factual basis , an idea which even Nigel poo-poos as silly .
Webcomics
Western Animation
Real Life
The world is filled with ancient monuments built by master craftsmen in order to honor everything from kings and presidents to religious figures .
And although most of these landmarks have been carefully studied and researched by scientists and historians , some are simply so old , incomplete , or obscure that we still do n’t know very much about why they were built or what purpose they served .
The following are 10 world landmarks that , whether by intention or simply due to the passage of time , continue to baffle the people who study them .
10 . The Cahokia Mounds
Cahokia is the name given to an Indian settlement that exists outside of Collinsville , Illinois .
Archeologists estimate that the city was founded sometime around 650 AD , and its complex network of burial grounds and sophisticated landscaping prove that it was once a thriving community .
It has been estimated that at its peak the city was home to as many as 40,000 people , which would have made it the most populous settlement in America prior to the arrival of the Europeans .
The most notable aspect of Cahokia today are the 80 mounds of earth , some as high as 100 feet , which dot the 2,200 - acre site .
These helped create a network of plazas throughout the city , and it is believed that important buildings , like the home of the settlement ’s chief , were built on top of them .
The site also features a series of wooden posts that archeologists have dubbed “ woodhenge . ”
The posts are said to mark the solstices and equinoxes , and supposedly figured prominently in the community ’s astronomical mythology .
The Mystery
Although scientists are constantly discovering new information about the Cohokia community , the biggest mystery that remains is which modern Indian tribe is descended from the residents of the ancient city , as well as just what it was that caused them to abandon their settlement .
9. Newgrange
Considered to be the oldest and most famous prehistoric site in all of Ireland , Newgrange is a tomb that was built from earth , wood , clay , and stone around 3100 BC , some 1000 years before the construction of the pyramids in Egypt .
It consists of a long passage that leads to a cross - shaped chamber that was apparently used as a tomb , as it contains stone basins filled with cremated remains .
The most unique feature of Newgrange is its careful and sturdy design , which has helped the structure remain completely waterproof to this day .
Most amazing of all , the entrance to the tomb was positioned relative to the sun in such a way that on the winter solstice , the shortest day of the year , the rays from the sun are channeled through the opening and down the nearly 60 foot passageway , where they illuminate the floor of the monument ’s central room .
The Mystery
Archeologists know Newgrange was used as a tomb , but why and for who still remains a mystery .
The painstaking design needed to guarantee that the yearly solstice event occurs suggests that the site was held in high regard , but other than the obvious hypothesis that the sun featured prominently in the mythology of the builders , scientists are at a loss to describe the true reason for Newgrange ’s construction .
8. The Yonaguni Monument
Of all the famous monuments in Japan , perhaps none is more perplexing than Yonaguni , an underwater rock formation that lies off the coast of the Ryuku Islands .
It was discovered in 1987 by a group of divers who were there to observe Hammerhead sharks , and it immediately sparked a huge amount of debate in the Japanese scientific community .
The monument is made up of a series of striking rock formations including massive platforms , carved steps , and huge stone pillars that lie at depths of 5 - 40 meters .
There is a triangular formation that has become known as “ the turtle ” for its unique shape , as well as a long , straight wall that borders one of the larger platforms .
The currents in the area are known for being particularly treacherous , but this has not stopped the Yonaguni monument from becoming one of the most popular diving locations in all of Japan .
The Mystery
The ongoing debate surrounding Yonaguni centers on one key subject : is the monument a natural phenomenon , or is it man-made ?
Scientists have long argued that millennia of strong currents and erosion have carved the formations out of the ocean floor , and they point to the fact that the monument is all one piece of solid rock as proof that it was not assembled by a builder .
Others , though , point to the many straight edges , square corners and 90 - degree angles of the formation as proof that it ’s artificial .
They often cite one formation in particular , a section of rock that resembles a crude carving of a human face , as evidence .
If they are right , then an even more interesting mystery presents itself : who constructed the Yonaguni Monument , and for what purpose ?
7. The Nazca Lines
The Nazca lines are a series of designs and pictographs carved into the ground in the Nazca Desert , a dry plateau located in Peru .
They cover an area of some 50 miles , and were supposedly created between 200 BC and 700 AD by the Nazca Indians , who designed them by scraping away the copper colored rocks of the desert floor to expose the lighter - colored earth beneath .
The lines have managed to remain intact for hundreds of years thanks to the region ’s arid climate , which sees it receive little rain or wind throughout the year .
Some of the lines span distances of 600 feet , and they depict everything from simple designs and shapes to characterizations of plants , insects , and animals .
The Mystery
Scientists know who made the Nazca Lines and how they did it , but they still do n’t know why .
The most popular and reasonable hypothesis is that the lines must have figured in the Nazca people ’s religious beliefs , and that they made the designs as offerings to the gods , who would ’ve been able to see them from the heavens .
Still , other scientists argue that the lines are evidence of massive looms that the Nazcas used to make textiles , and one investigator has even made the preposterous claim that they are the remnants of ancient airfields used by a vanished , technologically advanced society .
6. Goseck Circle
One of the most mysterious landmarks in Germany is the Goseck Circle , a monument made out of earth , gravel , and wooden palisades that is regarded as the earliest example of a primitive “ solar observatory . ”
The circle consists of a series of circular ditches surrounded by palisade walls ( which have since been reconstructed ) that house a raised mound of dirt in the center .
The palisades have three openings , or gates , that point southeast , southwest , and north .
It is believed that the monument was built around 4900 BC by Neolithic peoples , and that the three openings correspond to the direction from which the sun rises on the winter solstice .
The Mystery
The monument ’s careful construction has led many scientists to believe that the Goseck Circle was built to serve as some kind of primitive solar or lunar calendar , but its exact use is still a source of debate .
Evidence has shown that a so - called “ solar cult ” was widespread in ancient Europe .
This has led to speculation that the Circle was used in some kind of ritual , perhaps even in conjunction with human sacrifice .
This hypothesis has yet to be proven , but archeologists have uncovered several human bones , including a headless skeleton , just outside the palisade walls .
5. Sacsayhuaman
Not far from the famous Inca city of Machu Picchu lies Sacsayhuaman , a strange embankment of stone walls located just outside of Cuzco .
The series of three walls was assembled from massive 200 - ton blocks of rock and limestone , and they are arranged in a zigzag pattern along the hillside .
The longest is roughly 1000 feet in length and each stands some fifteen feet tall .
The monument is in astonishingly good condition for its age , especially considering the region ’s propensity for earthquakes , but the tops of the walls are somewhat demolished , as the monument was plundered by the Spanish to build churches in Cuzco .
The area surrounding the monument has been found to be the source of several underground catacombs called chincanas , which were supposedly used as connecting passageways to other Inca structures in the area .
The Mystery
Most scientists agree that Sacsayhuaman served as a kind of fortress of barrier wall , but this has been disputed .
The strange shape and angles of the wall have led some speculate that it may have had a more symbolic function , one example being that the wall , when seen next to Cuzco from above , forms the shape of the head of a Cougar .
Even more mysterious than the monument ’s use , though , are the methods that were used in its construction .
Like most Inca stone works , Sacsayhuaman was built with large stones that fit together so perfectly that not even a sheet of paper can be placed in the gaps between them .
Just how the Incas managed such expert placements , or , for that matter , how they managed to transport and lift the heavy hunks of stone , is still not fully known .
4. The Easter Island Moai
One of the most iconic series of monuments in the Pacific islands is the Moai , a group of huge statues of exaggerated human figures that are found only on the small , isolated island of Rapa Nui , or Easter Island .
The Moai were carved sometime between 1250 and 1500 AD by the island ’s earliest inhabitants , and are believed to depict the people ’s ancestors , who in their culture were held in the same regard as deities .
The Moai were chiseled and carved from tuff , a volcanic rock that is prevalent on the island , and they all feature the same characteristics of an oversized head , broad nose , and a mysterious , indecipherable facial expression .
Scientists have determined that as many as 887 of the statues were originally carved , but years of infighting among the island ’s clans led to many being destroyed .
Today , only 394 are still standing , the largest of which is 30 feet tall and weighs over 70 tons .
The Mystery
While there is a fairly solid consensus on why the Moai were erected , how the islanders did it is still up for debate .
The average Moai weighs several tons , and for years scientists were at a loss to describe how the monuments were transported from Rano Raraku , where most of them were constructed , to their various locations around the island .
In recent years , the most popular theory is that the builders used wooden sleds and log rollers to move the Moai , an answer that would also explain how the once verdant island became almost totally barren due to deforestation .
3. The Georgia Guidestones
While most of the mysterious monuments on this list only became that way as centuries passed , the Georgia Guidestones , also known as American Stonehenge , are one landmark that was always intended to be an enigma .
The monument , which consists of four monolithic slabs of granite that support a single capstone , was commissioned in 1979 by a man who went by the pseudonym of R.C. Christian .
A local mason carefully crafted it so that one slot in the stones is aligned with the sun on the solstices and equinoxes , and one small hole is always pointed in the direction of the North Star .
Most interesting , though , are the inscriptions on the slabs , which an accompanying plaque describes as “ the guidestones to an Age of Reason . ”
In eight different languages , the slabs offer a strange ten - point plan to ensure peace on Earth that includes vague proclamations like “ prize truth–beauty –love–seeking harmony with the infinite , ” to very specific commands like “ maintain humanity under 500,000,000 in perpetual balance with nature . ”
Comments like this one have made the Guidestones one of the most controversial landmarks in the United States , and they have long been protested and even vandalized by groups that would like to see them demolished .
The Mystery
For all their controversy , very little is known about who built the Guidestones or what their true purpose is .
R.C. Christian claimed he represented an independent organization when he commissioned the landmark , but neither he nor his group has spoken up since its construction .
Since the monument was built during the height of the Cold War , one popular theory about the group ’s intentions is that the Guidestones were to serve as a primer for how to rebuild society in the aftermath of a nuclear holocaust .
2. The Great Sphinx of Giza
Sphinxes are massive stone statues that depict the body of a reclining lion with the head and face of a human .
The figures are found all over the world in different forms , but they are most commonly linked with Egypt , which features the most famous example in the form of the Great Sphinx of Giza .
Incredibly , the statue is carved out of one monolithic piece of rock , and at 240 feet long , 20 feet wide , and 66 feet tall , it is considered to be the biggest monument of its kind in the world .
Historians largely accept the function of the Sphinx to have been that of a symbolic guardian , since the statues were strategically placed around important structures like temples , tombs , and pyramids .
The Great Sphinx of Giza appears to be no different .
It stands adjacent to the pyramid of the pharaoh Khafra , and most archeologists believe that it is his face that is depicted on that of the statue .
The Mystery
Despite its reputation as one of the most famous monuments of antiquity , there is still very little known about the Great Sphinx of Giza .
Egyptologists might have a small understanding of why the statue was built , but when , how , and by who is still shrouded in mystery .
The pharaoh Khafra is the main suspect , which would date the structure back to around 2500 BC , but other scientists have argued that evidence of water erosion of the statue suggests that it is much older and perhaps even predated the dynastic era of the Egyptians .
This theory has few modern adherents , but if true it would mean the Great Sphinx of Giza is even more mysterious than previously believed .
1. Stonehenge
Of all the world ’s famous monuments , none has gained as much of a reputation for pure , simple mystery as Stonehenge .
Stonehenge has been inspiring debate among scholars , scientists , and historians since the Middle Ages .
Located in the English countryside , the landmark is believed to date back to 2500 BC , and consists of several mammoth pieces of rock arranged and piled on top of one another in what appears at first to be a random design .
The site is surrounded by a small , circular ditch , and is flanked by burial mounds on all sides .
Although the rock formations that still remain are undoubtedly impressive , it is thought that the modern version of Stonehenge is only a small remnant of a much larger monument that was damaged with the passing of time , and it is largely believed that the building process was so extensive that it could have lasted on and off for anywhere from 1500 to 7000 years .
The Mystery
Stonehenge has become renowned for puzzling even the most brilliant researchers , and over the years the many gaps in the history of its construction , the nature of its use , and the true identity of its builders have become known as “ The Mystery of Stonehenge . ”
The Neolithic people who built the monument left behind no written records , so scientists can only base their theories on the meager evidence that exists at the site .
This has led to wild speculation that the monument was left by aliens , or that it was built by some eons - old society of technologically advanced super - humans .
All craziness aside , the most common explanation remains that Stonehenge served as some kind of graveyard monument that played a role in the builders ’ version of the afterlife , a claim that is backed up by its proximity to several hundred burial mounds .
Yet another theory suggests that the site was a place for spiritual healing and the worship of long dead ancestors .
Liked it ?
Take a second to support Toptenz .net on Patreon !
Other Articles you Might Like
Requires all project details to be selected
To calculate Ready Now One Project Pricing : Please select your desired licensing rights .
Once all selections have been made the calculated price will display , and you can use the “ ADD TO CART ” button to license the clip .
If you do not see your desired licensing option , try Custom Project Pricing , or contact us for more licensing options .
Choose this package for Pre-Visualization , Rough Cuts , Pitches , Boards and Pre-Editing .
Choose this package when you need to distribute your project through unlimited media channels including : Broadcast and Cable Television , Cinema , Digital Signage ( including Jumbotrons ) , Closed Circuit Television Networks , In - Flight & Other Transportation Networks , and Internet and Mobile Devices .
Choose this package when you need to distribute your project through unlimited media channels including : Broadcast and Cable Television .
Choose this package when you need to distribute your project through unlimited media channels including : Cinema , Digital Signage ( including Jumbotrons ) , Closed Circuit Television Networks , In - Flight & Other Transportation Networks , and Internet and Mobile Devices .
ALEXANDRIA , Va. — President Obama signed legislation on Tuesday to expand college access for millions of young Americans by revamping the federal student loan program in what he called “ one of the most significant investments in higher education since the G.I. Bill . ”
Mr. Obama went to a community college where the wife of his vice president teaches to draw attention to the student loan overhaul attached to the final piece of health care legislation that passed last week .
In signing the bill , Mr. Obama put the final touches on his health care program but used the occasion to highlight the education provisions .
“ That ’s two major victories in one week , ” he told students and guests at the Alexandria campus of Northern Virginia Community College , where Jill Biden teaches English .
While he praised the health care overhaul , the president said , “ what ’s gotten overlooked amid all the hoopla , all the drama of last week , is what ’s happened with education . ”
Image President Obama on Tuesday promoted the new education loan law at Northern Virginia Community College in Alexandria .
Credit ... Luke Sharrett / The New York Times
The new law will eliminate fees paid to private banks to act as intermediaries in providing loans to college students and use much of the nearly $ 68 billion in savings over 11 years to expand Pell grants and make it easier for students to repay outstanding loans after graduating .
The law also invests $ 2 billion in community colleges over the next four years to provide education and career training programs to workers eligible for trade adjustment aid after dislocation in their industries .
China Perspective
Latin-Caribbean alliance presents opening for China By Cheng Guangjin ( China Daily )
Updated : 2010-02-22 07:18
As Latin American and Caribbean leaders meet in Mexico to discuss the creation of a new regional alliance that excludes the United States and Canada , there is an opportunity for China to seek more cooperation in the region , experts said .
The Group of Rio meeting that runs from Saturday to Tuesday in Playa del Carmen , a resort city on Mexico's Caribbean coast could see the creation of a new larger organization that adds Caribbean island nations to the existing Group of Rio 24 - nation membership , according to Xinhua News Agency .
The Mexican - led initiative will exclude both the US and Canada , and observers believe it could eventually rival the 35 - member Organization of American States ( OAS ) , which includes the US and Canada , and which has been the principal forum for hemispheric issues during the past half century , the Financial Times reported .
Salvador Beltrn del Ro , Mexico 's under - secretary for Latin America and the Caribbean , told the Financial Times that Latin America 's leading powers have agreed on the need for such an organization .
" The need to take this step is a sign of the region 's maturity .
We need to give ourselves that space . "
However , Jorge Castaneda , Mexico 's former foreign minister , told the Financial Times that the meeting could end up sending an unconstructive message from the region to Obama and that might mean " you are going to have people in the US Congress saying , ' OK , Latin America can have its organization so let 's scupper the OAS ' . "
" The willingness of Latin American countries to challenge US positions indicates a slowly changing balance of power in the hemisphere , " said Tom Loudon , a writer for a US news organization Truthout .
However , Sun Hongbo , a researcher at the Institute of Latin American Studies at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences , said the move can also be seen as a diplomatic gesture because Latin America actually wants more attention from the US , which , since the global financial crisis , has been unable to maintain the amount of economic benefits it provided .
But Latin America is also seeking diplomatic autonomy to develop relations with other major countries , Sun said .
" The creation of such an organization could be a platform for more effective communication between China and Latin America .
It would also be easier for them to ask for bigger bids from China with a more united voice . "
Trade between China and Latin America reached $ 111.461 billion in the first three quarters of 2008 , with China 's direct non-financial investment in the region involving trade , manufacturing , gas and oil exploration amounting to $ 960 million at the end of June in 2008 .
Although the huge asymmetry between the large amount of trade between China and Latin America and the low level of direct Chinese financial could impede further cooperation between the two , said Sun .
Osvaldo Rosales , from the UN's Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean ( ECLAC ) , speaking to the BBC said he blamed Latin American governments for the lack of properly evaluated investment projects for China to invest in .
Sun said China has been considering increasing investment in the Latin America region and exploring diversified channels other than the local governments to launch the investments .
However , despite the increasing common interests and the need for integration among the Latin American countries since the financial crisis , there are doubts about the realization of such an organization and its effectiveness in operation .
The emergence of Hugo Chvez , Venezuela 's radical leftwing president , has helped create a clear political split in the region , with the likes of Ecuador , Bolivia and Nicaragua on the left and Colombia , Peru and Mexico on the right , with , until now , Brazil often bridging the deep fissure dividing the two .
The president of the US think tank Inter - American Dialogue told the Financial Times that serious questions about unity and cohesiveness are likely to hang over the new organization , as in the past there has n't been much success resulting from Latin America 's integration efforts , " I can't imagine that this is going to be terribly different . "
( China Daily 02/22/2010 page7 )
The current method of raw food production is largely a response to the growth of the fast food industry since the 1950s .
The production of food overall has more drastically changed since that time than the several thousand years prior .
Controlled primarily by a handful of multinational corporations , the global food production business - with an emphasis on the business - has as its unwritten goals production of large quantities of food at low direct inputs ( most often subsidized ) resulting in enormous profits , which in turn results in greater control of the global supply of food sources within these few companies .
Health and safety ( of the food itself , of the animals produced themselves , of the workers on the assembly lines , and of the consumers actually eating the food ) are often overlooked by the companies , and are often overlooked by government in an effort to provide cheap food regardless of these negative consequences .
Many of the changes are based on advancements in science and ... Written by Huggo
Wow :
[ R]eligious right mainstay Janet Porter [ is ] praying at " Convergence 2010 : A Cry to Awaken A Nation " conference on March 4 - 6 , 2010 .
She 's not praying for love or peace , but control over the nation 's media .
This just goes BEYOND any criticism I can give against Porter and the groups whom she aligns herself with .
This is more than insane .
It 's scary .
Whatever Jesus would do , I feel safe to say that He would n't support such madness .
Many film critics -- and awards voters -- have praised “ The Hurt Locker ’s ” depiction of the U.S. military in Iraq , often singling out the bomb disposal drama for its authenticity .
But as the film emerges as a favorite to win the best picture Oscar , a number of active soldiers and veterans say the film is Hollywood hokum , portraying soldiers as renegades while failing to represent details about combat accurately .
The criticism , coming just before Oscar ballots are due Tuesday , highlights the delicate relationship between “ The Hurt Locker ” and the nation ’s armed forces .
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates says the film is “ authentic ” and “ very compelling ” and has recommended it to his staff .
But the government says it pulled its “ Hurt Locker ” production assistance at the last minute in 2007 , saying that the film ’s makers were shooting scenes that were n’t in the screenplay submitted to the Defense Department , including a sequence that the government believed portrayed troops unflatteringly .
The film ’s producers dispute elements of the account .
Although “ The Hurt Locker ” has numerous supporters within the military -- including Purple Heart winner Drew Sloan , who participated in a “ Hurt Locker ” panel discussion in Hollywood with other veterans and the film ’s makers Wednesday night -- the movie ’s detractors share a consistent complaint about its representation of the Army ’s Explosive Ordnance Disposal team as they attempt to disarm improvised explosive devices .
The film , directed by Kathryn Bigelow and written by journalist Mark Boal ( who was embedded with a bomb disposal team ) , stars Jeremy Renner as Staff Sgt. William James .
Not deterred by protocol or his own safety , James is an adrenaline - addicted bomb defuser who occasionally puts his unit at risk , and at one point takes to the streets of Baghdad on a solo personal mission .
Members of EOD teams in southern Iraq said in interviews arranged by the Army that “ The Hurt Locker ” is a good action movie if you know nothing about defusing roadside bombs or the military .
Sgt. Eric Gordon of San Pedro , an Air Force EOD technician on his second tour in Iraq , has watched the movie a few times with his friends .
“ I would watch it with other EOD people , and we would laugh , ” Gordon said .
He scoffed at a scene in which a bomb is defused with wire cutters .
“ It ’s similar to having a firefighter go into a building with a squirt bottle , ” Gordon said .
An EOD team leader in Maysan province , Staff Sgt. Jeremy D. Phillips , said , “ My interest is bringing myself and my team members home alive , with all of our appendages in the right place . ”
Although he was glad the film highlighted their trade , he disliked the celluloid treatment of EOD units .
“ There is too much John Wayne and cowboy stuff .
It is very loosely based on actual events , ” he said .
“ I ’m honestly glad they are trying to convey to the public what we ’ve been doing , and I wish maybe they had just done it with a little bit of a different spin on it , ” he said .
Others are more supportive .
Sloan , a former U.S. Army captain , said at the panel discussion that “ The Hurt Locker ” offered a perfect snapshot of modern conflict .
“ This is what ’s going on for the men and women who are fighting this war , ” he said .
Jim O’Neil , the executive director of the EOD Memorial , which honors those killed defusing bombs , was equally enthusiastic about the film ’s accuracy .
“ It ’s not just a movie , ” he said at the panel discussion .
“ It ’s something that ’s actually occurring as we ’re sitting in these chairs . ”
Some recent veterans , however , disagreed .
“ The depiction of our community in this film is disrespectful , ” said Paul Rieckhoff , the executive director and founder of the 150,000 - member Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America .
“ We are not cowboys .
We are not reckless .
We are professionals .
And a lot of the film would make you think the opposite . ”
“ I did n’t really care for it , ” said Brian Siefkes , who served in Iraq and plays an Army soldier in the upcoming movie “ The Green Zone . ”
“ There were many moments where I felt they were trying to portray the actual life of EOD in Iraq but over - sensationalized it , ” he said .
Boal , who also produced “ The Hurt Locker , ” said the film was not intended to be a documentary or a training film .
“ We certainly made creative choices for dramatic effect , ” he said .
“ But I hope the choices were made respectfully and conscientiously . ”
At one point , “ The Hurt Locker ” might have been made with government cooperation .
But just 12 hours before Lt. Col. J. Todd Breasseale was to fly to Jordan to serve as the Army ’s technical advisor to “ The Hurt Locker , ” he said in an interview that he heard there might be problems .
A Jordanian official told him that scenes were being shot that were not in the script that the Army had approved .
Breasseale accused the producer of shooting a scene in which soldiers act violently toward detainees .
( The military does not provide help to films depicting violations of the laws of war , unless their consequences are shown . )
He also charged that the production had driven a Humvee into a Palestinian refugee camp in order to film angry crowd scenes .
“ Nice working with you , ” Breasseale said he recalled telling a producer before the military decided to stop working with the production .
“ Kathryn has a lot of talent , but I cannot trust that your company will honor its contract to the soldiers and government of the U.S. ”
Breasseale said the filmmakers had been solicitous of the Army ’s opinion , “ trying to get the look and feel right , ” and they had been allowed to film at an Army logistics base in Kuwait .
Breasseale , who is now deployed , saw “ The Hurt Locker ” on a laptop in Afghanistan along with a soldier from one of the Army ’s EOD teams .
He conceded it was a great story and a “ spectacular looking movie .
But if you ’re looking for realism and how military relationships really work , I believe she missed the mark , ” Breasseale said of Bigelow .
Others in the Pentagon ’s office overseeing work with Hollywood agree .
“ The filmmakers ’ interest in drama and excitement exceeded what we felt were reasonable realistic portrayals , ” said Philip M. Strub , the Pentagon ’s special assistant for entertainment media .
Boal said that while the production initially worked with the U.S. military , it parted ways when it became clear they would not approve of “ The Hurt Locker ’s ” script .
He said the producers did not film on a base in Kuwait and never signed a contract .
“ The Department of Defense did not support the movie .
And my understanding is that they did not support ‘ Platoon ’ or ‘ The Deer Hunter , ’ ” Boal said of two of the most revered movies about the Vietnam War .
“ I am OK with that outcome because I did n’t want to change the script to suit them . ”
The top Pentagon official , Gates , has a very positive view of the movie .
“ This is the first Iraq war movie that he has liked , or for that matter seen , ” said Pentagon Press Secretary Geoff Morrell .
“ In looking at all previous films he thought they had too much of a political agenda .
“ He just thought it was a very compelling , and what he thought was authentic , portrayal of what life is like for many of our troops in Iraq .
Of the films that have been done about this war , that is the most authentic . ”
julian.barnes@latimes.com
ned.parker@latimes.com
john.horn@latimes.com
By day , Henry Graciani oversees a 54 - bed treatment center for alcoholics and drug addicts who come to him broke and hopeless .
After work , he makes a quick drive to the $ 1.3 - million Santa Monica home he shares with his wife and three children .
Graciani is not a high - paid executive returning to a beach retreat .
He and his wife , Dina , are career Salvation Army officers who bring home $ 25,000 per year -- combined .
They are among dozens of the charity ’s officers in Southern California who are paid modest salaries but given rent - free housing -- some in high - priced communities such as Rancho Palos Verdes , Seal Beach and Santa Monica .
Best known for its red - kettle holiday bell ringers , the Salvation Army is one of the nation ’s largest charities .
It serves more than 69 million meals a year to the needy , houses thousands of the nation ’s homeless and provides ready response to worldwide disasters -- most recently in Haiti .
It ’s also a real estate powerhouse .
In Los Angeles and Orange counties alone , the charity owns 87 homes and condominiums worth about $ 52 million .
Nationwide , it valued its real estate holdings at about $ 4 billion in 2008 -- one - third of its total assets .
For more than a century , the Salvation Army has provided a vast social - service safety net throughout the world , offering food for the homeless , shelter for the abused and relief for disaster victims .
Founded in 1865 in London , the Salvation Army has an unusual , quasi-military structure and a highly religious mission .
It is led by officers who dress in uniform and carry ranks ranging from cadet -- an officer in training -- to a single general : Shaw Clifton , the group ’s London - based worldwide leader .
Officers are allowed to marry , so long as their spouses agree to become officers as well .
The Salvation Army has been boycotted by gay rights groups because it considers homosexuality to be immoral .
Aspiring officers are trained at four Salvation Army colleges in the United States , including one in Rancho Palos Verdes .
Officers practice Christianity by running programs to aid the needy .
They are paid small salaries and provided houses that the Salvation Army owns across the country .
Salvation Army officials say the real estate program makes sound business sense because it enables them to pay low salaries and transfer officers throughout the country without the burden and delay that typically accompany executive moves .
It ’s a policy similar to that of churches that provide housing to their ministers , said Victor A. Leslie , a lieutenant colonel who oversees the Army ’s Southern California operations .
A place to live
Graciani ’s two - story home is made of terra - cotta stucco and has a Spanish - tile roof and an enormous backyard with a trampoline for his children .
“ The house is a nice benefit .
It ’s not why I do what I do , ” Graciani said during an interview in his home ’s second - floor master bedroom , a ceiling fan whirling overhead .
“ I do what I do because of my commitment to God to serve people through the Salvation Army . ”
Some charity analysts said these homes conflict with the image of sacrifice and service that the Salvation Army markets to donors .
The organization reported receiving $ 1.7 billion in support from the public in 2008 .
“ It creates an appearance issue because John Public thinks , ‘ I give the Salvation Army my hard - earned 50 bucks and it ’s going to go to this fancy home I ca n’t afford to live in , ’ ” said Daniel Borochoff , president of the American Institute of Philanthropy .
The Salvation Army has long been one of the largest and most recognizable charities in the world .
It spent more than $ 3 billion on services in the U.S. in 2008 , according to its annual report .
In Los Angeles County , the charity ’s programs include a 450 - bed homeless shelter in Bell , a community center for youth in a gang - plagued South Los Angeles neighborhood and a Santa Fe Springs transitional center for battered women .
The charity has a reputation as a wise steward of its donors ’ money .
It spends more than 80 % of donor money directly on services , with the rest going to overhead , analysts said .
In 1997 , the late management guru Peter Drucker told Forbes magazine that the Salvation Army was “ by far the most effective organization in the U.S .
No one even comes close to it in respect to clarity of mission , ability to innovate , measurable results , dedication and putting money to maximum use . ”
That reputation makes the charity ’s real estate holdings a surprise to some observers .
The group owns three Santa Monica houses worth $ 1.1 million to $ 1.6 million and eight properties in wealthy Rancho Palos Verdes -- all used by officers .
The Salvation Army bought two of the Rancho Palos Verdes homes in 2007 for $ 940,000 each .
The two houses are within a few blocks of neighboring San Pedro , where similar properties sell for considerably less .
When two of the Santa Monica homes became worn by age , the Salvation Army paid to bulldoze them and rebuild from scratch .
One project on Pearl Street cost more than $ 500,000 to rebuild in 2004 .
That decision made better business sense than selling and buying a different home , Leslie said .
Gunilla Windon , a real estate agent on the Palos Verdes Peninsula , said she was surprised several years ago when she discovered that the Salvation Army was the owner of a property a client was buying .
She later learned about the charity ’s vast holdings in Southern California .
“ I just have a problem with them standing out there with their kettles at Christmastime and people putting their hard - earned money in there when they own millions and millions and millions of dollars of real estate , ” said Windon , who has not donated to the charity since learning about its real estate holdings .
“ It just does n’t look right .
I do n’t like it . ”
Itinerant existence
Salvation Army officers are ordained Christian ministers who provide faith - based public service throughout the world .
In the U.S. , officers transfer about once every four years ; with each new assignment comes a different furnished house .
When they retire , officers are given one - time “ housing allowances ” to use as down payments on homes .
Graciani , 47 , a cancer survivor who beams when he talks about the people who have turned their lives around at his Santa Monica treatment center , said the Salvation Army saved his life when he was an adolescent .
A self - described “ delinquent ” as a teen in San Francisco , Graciani sought refuge at a Salvation Army youth center , where he played arcade games and shot pool instead of running with gang members .
He spent so much time at the center that he eventually nabbed a job cleaning up the place .
Graciani worked as a counselor at the youth center , then went to a Salvation Army officer college to be trained as a minister .
He graduated and worked assignments in Modesto , Monterey , Anaheim and Missoula , Mont. , before the organization assigned him to Santa Monica supervising its adult rehabilitation center on 11th Street .
“ There ’s nothing like getting a guy who has lost all hope and in six months seeing the transformation , seeing in him the hope again .
There ’s no greater pay , ” Graciani said .
“ What ’s it worth when a man comes to you and says , ‘ Thanks for giving me my son back ’ ? ”
The majority of the Salvation Army ’s residential real estate in Southern California is in middle - class communities , records show .
There are 24 houses in San Pedro , 10 in Torrance , four in Glendale and three in Long Beach .
Factoring in the market value of the free housing -- and free cars they are issued -- officers ’ total compensation packages amount to about $ 60,000 per couple , Salvation Army officials said .
“ Nobody is becoming a millionaire , ” said William Harfoot , a colonel who oversees the organization ’s operations in 13 Western states .
He and his wife live in a Salvation Army property in Long Beach .
Fiscal advantage
If the charity sold the property it has acquired through the years , the money would have to be used to pay higher wages to its officers to rent their own places , Harfoot said .
“ It would put a stress on our operating budget , ” he said .
“ We think financially this has worked to our advantage . ”
From a business perspective , the housing arrangement makes sense and does not appear to be excessive compensation , said Al Osborne , senior associate dean and management professor at the UCLA Anderson School of Management .
“ They have made calculations that to keep people focused on their mission , given the low wages they pay , to provide in - kind benefits of housing .
I ca n’t quarrel with it , ” Osborne said .
“ It ’s no different from a synagogue or church or corporation that maintains housing for its key people . ”
Graciani said he and his family can manage with a $ 2,100 monthly allowance , using the money to pay for food , clothing , medical appointments and an occasional movie .
He likes the house in Santa Monica , but he understands that a new assignment and a new house are probably in his family ’s future .
“ I did n’t join the Salvation Army so I could live in a Salvation Army house , ” he said .
“ If my motivation was a nice house , I ’d get a job that would pay for a nice house . ”
stuart.pfeifer@latimes.com
Times researcher Scott Wilson contributed to this report .
Warning :
These historical photographs are very graphic .
From Tiexue :
Late Qing Dynasty female criminal “ Death By A Thousand Cuts ” photos
This punishment was for extremely serious crimes .
These photos are famous and appear all the time .
This is just a recent example .
Comments from Tiexue :
chidun :
If these photographs make you uncomfortable , please forgive me !
This execution is beyond cruel !
sxhzpoiu22 :
Was n’t it said that the person cannot be allowed to die until the very last cut ?
Why is it that by the middle of the photos , the head was already cut off ???
And also , was it really 3,333 cuts ?
接班人 :
Are n’t there still 18 - year - old female convicts sentenced to death ?
I am sad for China ’s men , your insult / abuse towards China ’s women is the cause of China going bad .
jjy00000 :
Fuck !
Yet another zhuang bi !
As long as that person indeed committed a crime , what does she being a woman or not or how old she is have anything to do with it ?
Is the law made specifically for men only ???
rajk747 :
Suggest China reinstate this kind of punishment , specifically against corrupt officials .
江梳公主 :
Why are you posting this kind of post !
What kind of rubbish are you advocating !
Is this fun ?
Pervert / deviant .
接班人 :
Mothers , on the whole , are the wombs and breasts that gave us life , us respecting them is respecting ourselves , which is raising our own positions .
When killing women , it is not necessary to have them on their knees or to cut off their reproductive organs , as people who know to cherish mothers are noble .
小兵司南 :
Too cruel !
Is it necessary for an execution to be this way ?
打不赢jiu跑 :
Each era does what each era does , unless you guys could ask a primitive man to no longer drink blood and wear fur , sit in a Western restaurant , and immediately pick up a small knife and fork to eat steak ?
Do n’t you understand any historical materialism !
hanbing1110 :
A sick / ill society [ Qing Dynasty ] , even if foreigners did not invade , it itself would have slowly died away .
专业民兵001 :
I ’ve been on Tiexue for two years now and this group of pictures has made me the most angry !
Doing this to an old woman , using such a cruel punishment , where is the humanity !
Looks like liberation from the Qing Dynasty is Founder Sun ’s [ Yat - sen ] incomparable greatness !
I hate feudalism , hate ignorance , and I salute our founder !
RedKnife :
The West does n’t have torture ?
Kao !
woshimingming :
Humans are the most cruel animals , also the most savage animals , also the most fragile animals .
chidun :
No matter whether the photographs are posted or not , this kind of torture indeed existed in our country ’s history .
Knowing this is also a good thing .
Actually , it is said that there are death penalties / executions even more cruel than this in the West .
Nowadays , some countries still have torture .
sailor_chin :
It appears that this is not the authentic dismemberment execution .
It looks like in that time of decline / decay , even punishments were in decline / decay .
The dismemberment execution I recall requiring 500 cuts , with the very last being a stab into the criminal ’s chest before he can die , and if the criminal dies before enough cuts are made , the person cutting will be in trouble .
The punishment are savage , but sometimes it is very effective .
Some photographs of male criminals suffering the same death penalty :
Some English information from Wikipedia :
Slow slicing ( simplified Chinese : 凌迟 ; traditional Chinese : 凌遲 ; pinyin : língchí , alternately transliterated Ling Chi or Leng T’che ) , also translated as the slow process , the lingering death , or death by a thousand cuts , was a form of execution used in China from roughly AD 900 until its abolition in 1905 .
In this form of execution , the condemned person was killed by using a knife to methodically remove portions of the body over an extended period of time .
The term língchí derives from a classical description of ascending a mountain slowly .
Lingchi was reserved for crimes viewed as especially severe , such as treason and killing one ’s parents .
The process involved tying the person to be executed to a wooden frame , usually in a public place .
The flesh was then cut from the body in multiple slices in a process that was not specified in detail in Chinese law and therefore most likely varied .
In later times , opium was sometimes administered either as an act of mercy or as a way of preventing fainting .
The punishment worked on three levels : as a form of public humiliation , as a slow and lingering death , and as a punishment after death .
Randy Neugebauer says he called out ' baby - killer ' as Stupak spoke on House floor
Updated 3:35 p.m. 3/22/10
By Paul Kane
Rep. Randy Neugebauer ( R - Tex . ) acknowledged Monday that he yelled out " baby killer " toward Democrats during debate over a Republican abortion amendment in the final minutes of consideration of health - care legislation .
The backbench Republican from west Texas said he has apologized to Rep. Bart Stupak ( D - Mich . ) , who was urging the House to vote down the amendment when Neugebauer made his outburst .
Neugebauer said Monday that the debate brought out too much passion in his disagreement with the deal Stupak struck with Obama and congressional leaders over abortion provisions in the legislation .
" In the heat and emotion of the debate , I exclaimed the phrase ' it 's a baby killer ' in reference to the agreement reached by the Democratic leadership .
While I remain heartbroken over the passage of this bill and the tragic consequences it will have for the unborn , I deeply regret that my actions were mistakenly interpreted as a direct reference to Congressman Stupak himself , " Neugebauer said in a statement .
( Full statement at end of this post . )
The outburst drew immediate shouts of derision from Democrats in the House , but no Republican took ownership for making the comment and Neugebauer 's GOP friends declined to identify him Sunday night .
Democratic aides , angered by the silence , linked the " baby killer " shout to some of the heated rhetoric voiced by tea party protesters at the Capitol over the weekend , which included slurs hurled at black and gay Democrats .
Neugebauer is an unlikely lawmaker to find the spotlight .
Elected in a special election in the spring of 2003 , his highest - ranking position is as ranking Republican on the Agriculture Committee 's Livestock , Dairy , and Poultry Subcommittee .
The " baby killer " moment served , in some ways , as a symbolic bookend to the infamous " you lie ! " shout to President Obama by another little - known Republican , Rep. Joe Wilson ( S.C. ) , last September before a joint session of Congress .
Obama 's address that night kicked off his s personal investment in the legislative push to pass a health - care overhaul , a slow - building effort that culminated with Sunday night 's vote .
The full House admonished Wilson for his actions , and he apologized privately to White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel -- although he refused to do so in the well of the House .
But the incident made Wilson into a conservative icon for a brief moment , and he raised more than $ 2 million in campaign contributions over a few short weeks in September .
Some colleagues defended Wilson last fall , noting that his charge was based on a controversial immigration provision in the bill , but there was no such defense from Republicans over this latest outburst .
That Stupak was the target particularly galled Democrats .
His anti-abortion views made him a key holdout on the overall legislation , and he -- joined by more than a half - dozen Democrats -- supported the legislation only after reaching a deal with Obama to issue an order reaffirming the ban on federal funding for abortions .
The lengthy , and often public , negotiations isolated Stupak within his caucus , but his colleagues never doubted his devout Catholic faith and his personal animus toward abortion .
So , after they had already approved the major piece of health - care legislation on a 219 to 212 vote , Democrats entrusted Stupak with the role of speaking in opposition when the GOP offered its lone amendment to a revisions package -- the Republican amendment being mostly a reiteration of Stupak 's own preferred legislative wording to restrict abortions .
As he rose to speak , the former state trooper from Michigan 's Upper Peninsula received a standing ovation from many of his colleagues .
Stupak rejected the effort as a way to defeat the the entire revisions package , which was later approved and sent to the Senate , but in the middle of his speech , a shout was heard across the chamber : " Baby killer . "
Nearly 15 hours later , Neugebauer stepped forward , issuing a statement saying his remark was " inappropriate . "
Here is Neugebauer 's full statement :
" Last night was the climax of weeks and months of debate on a health care bill that my constituents fear and do not support .
In the heat and emotion of the debate , I exclaimed the phrase ' it 's a baby killer ' in reference to the agreement reached by the Democratic leadership .
While I remain heartbroken over the passage of this bill and the tragic consequences it will have for the unborn , I deeply regret that my actions were mistakenly interpreted as a direct reference to Congressman Stupak himself .
" I have apologized to Mr. Stupak and also apologize to my colleagues for the manner in which I expressed my disappointment about the bill .
The House Chamber is a place of decorum and respect .
The timing and tone of my comment last night was inappropriate . "
Know Your Rights and Your Options
Talking to a lawyer does n't have to be intimidating or expensive .
At the law office of Dennis P. Bisio , in Attleboro , Massachusetts , I always offer a free initial consultation so I can get to know you and you can get to know me .
Once I understand your legal issues , I 'll give you an honest estimate of attorney 's fees and how long the legal process might take .
Then you can make an educated decision about what you want to do .
I 've been a lawyer representing clients in Attleboro and southeastern Massachusetts for more than 30 years .
I provide legal advice and representation in three main areas of law :
Workers ' compensation :
If you have suffered a workplace injury , such as a repetitive stress injury or a construction site injury , I will guide you through the process of filing your claim and represent you if your claim is denied .
I help people who have been injured at work overcome challenging obstacles in the workers ' compensation system , from helping them get their medical bills paid to establishing a valid claim for the aggravation of a pre-existing condition .
We handle claims throughout Massachusetts including Attleboro , Norton , Fall River , and Worcester .
: If you have suffered a workplace injury , such as a repetitive stress injury or a construction site injury , I will guide you through the process of filing your claim and represent you if your claim is denied .
I help people who have been injured at work overcome challenging obstacles in the workers ' compensation system , from helping them get their medical bills paid to establishing a valid claim for the aggravation of a pre-existing condition .
We handle claims throughout Massachusetts including Attleboro , Norton , Fall River , and Worcester .
Family law : I handle issues such as divorce , child custody , division of marital property , paternity actions and juvenile court actions .
: I handle issues such as divorce , child custody , division of marital property , paternity actions and juvenile court actions .
Personal injury law :
If you 've been injured by the negligence of someone else in a car crash , slip and fall , workplace accident or other type of accident , I will deal with the insurance companies while you concentrate on recovering your health .
If you need help in an area of law in which I do n't practice , I 'll refer you to a lawyer in southeastern Massachusetts who has experience handling your type of case .
Reasonable Attorney 's Fee Arrangements
In personal injury and workers ' compensation cases , I charge no legal fees unless I am successful in recovering compensation for you .
In family law cases , I charge reasonable fees based on what you want me to do .
Divorce does n't have to be a messy and costly process .
If you and your spouse can agree on the issues , I will help you achieve an efficient and amicable end to your marriage .
Read a letter about my Attleboro law practice .
Learn more about my qualifications as an attorney .
Free Attorney Consultation
Contact me , attorney Dennis Bisio , to schedule a free initial consultation about your case .
In - home , evening and weekend appointments are available .
These pictures of baby animals were taken mainly in the wild , in the national parks and game reserves of Botswana , Zambia , and South Africa .
As with the young of domestic animals , baby wild animals have a special appeal and it ’s magical to see them in their own habitat .
I ’ve included on this page pictures of baby foxes , baby raccoons , baby giraffes , baby cats , baby elephants , baby bears …
The World from Berlin GM Potato Approval ' A Big Step for Germany '
The European Union has approved its first genetically modified plant since 1998 .
Though it claims its green light for BASF 's Amflora potato breed is based on " sound science , " that will do little to satisfy opponents .
German editorialists differ in their stances on the debate over what critics call " Frankenstein foods . "
Here ’s a quick update on SuperTorrents .
ST , one of the long standing ( and not to mention one of the most controversial ) private torrent trackers around , have opened public registrations for one day only .
Signups will remain open throughout the 1st of March and new members will be able to sign up without the need for an invite code .
For those who have n’t heard about it , SuperTorrents is a General / 0 Day torrent tracker with a unique interface – it tracks both scene and non scene releases related to a wide array of categories at average pre times .
ST seems to be close to launching the next major revision of the tracker dubbed ST v2.0 and have already implemented several changes to the current system , as highlighted below :
Following is quoted from a new post on site homepage :
User Uploads are now shown on the default browse page with official ST torrents and highlighted in orange .
New Members ( noobs ) are now required to download or upload 5GB within 45 days of registration .
Existing new members ( noobs ) beyond the 45 day period will have until March 15th to reach full User status .
Members of the User class are now required to maintain a ratio at or above 1.05 after 60 days of membership .
Existing members of the User class will have until March 15th to increase their ratios beyond 1.05 before being warned .
audiophreak has won the ST2.0 Logo Contest and will be the first to have his logo featured on our new site redesign .
Check the thread for a preview !
The above mentioned changes are now live and affects all new and existing members .
Although there is no exact date set for the launch of ST v2.0 this is a clear indication that it ’s soon going to happen .
If you are curious about this next milestone , here a list of things that are to be expected after the full launch ( quoted from a forum post by the SysOp ) :
New layout , designs & Slogan - Possible addition of custom style sheets
New Ratio System – Stripped of the outdated & obsolete standard of download vs. upload
Removal of Seed Bonus -
As the ratio system is redesigned there will no longer be a need for seed bonus
New Class System - Abolition of outdated promotion / rewards system
Revamped Request System - Request bounty , credit only taken if request filled , etc
New Browsing - Style changes , mixing of scene with p2 p , member - selected category icons ( Already underway ! )
Weekly Packs -
Weekly packs of various content chosen by users through a dedicated polling system separate from main polls ( Already underway ! )
Additional Categories - Anime , ebooks , etc
Revamped User Uploads -
Allow bumping to main section , no restrictions , quality control through member voting ( Already underway ! )
Free User Uploads – Point
Free User Uploads – Point Systems allowing users to make their torrents free leech for increased download activity
Chat Integration - Integration of ajax chat into the website for increased activity
Since we reviewed this tracker in detail during their last open signup , we wo n’t be repeating the same information here .
If you want to know some background info and see screenshots of ST ’s torrent index , we suggest you read this article .
In the meantime signups are open for all members ( unlike the last time when signups were limited to existing members of STMusic , ST ’s sister site ) for 24 hours .
Site Name : SuperTorrents ( www.supertorrents.org)
Signup URL : http://supertorrents.org/signup.php
Watch this kid freak out as he tries to answer trivia questions while riding a roller coaster .
Love thy ego as thyself .
— Leonard Peikoff
Image : CGPGrey.com
M y copy of The Concept of Benevolence by T. A. Roberts , in the series New Studies in Practical Philosophy , was deaccessioned from a university library .
The librarian took advantage of the fact that it had not been borrowed since October 17 , 1977 , only four years after its publication , to disembarrass his institution of yet another book so uselessly cluttering up the library shelves .
It was carefully endorsed with ugly withdrawal stamps to reduce its resale value to an absolute minimum .
Perhaps the librarian was a follower of Ayn Rand , the apostle of selfishness , who did not want youth corrupted by stray thoughts of altruism .
Going from the loan history of the book ( and from my casual observations of British youth ) , there was never much danger of this , but it is always better to be safe than sorry and therefore to treat selfishness as if it were an endangered species .
Ayn Rand was never , in fact , much appreciated or very influential in Europe ; at the height of her fame in America , where her books sold by the million , her name was not one to conjure with on the other side of the Atlantic .
She was much read by middle - class young Indians of the time , however , as well as by Americans , and she is now coming back into fashion globally .
I confess that enthusiasm for her is to me utterly mysterious , and the excellent new biography by Ann C .
Heller does not clear up the mystery but , rather , deepens it .
Able and gifted people ( not the least of them Alan Greenspan ) were captivated both by her writings and her person , but the picture of Rand that emerges from Ms. Heller ’s book is all the more damning because the biographer is obviously fair - minded and , indeed , something of an admirer of her subject .
Clearly , Rand was a most remarkable person , admirer and detractor must agree .
She was born in St. Petersburg in 1905 into a middle - class Jewish family that hovered uncertainly between prosperity and persecution , but that nevertheless managed to penetrate into the higher echelons of Russian society .
( Vladimir Nabokov ’s sister was a childhood friend of Rand’s . )
The Bolshevik Revolution deprived the family of everything .
They fled to the Crimea in the hope that the advancing
White armies would restore their fortunes , but , with the final victory of the Reds , they returned home , to live — like everyone else — in sordid and oppressed penury .
At the age of twenty - one , Rand ( alone of her immediate family ) managed to escape to America .
There , with a determination truly admirable and heroic , she transformed herself into a writer .
Although she wrote in English , and her two most famous books are American in subject matter and location , she remained deeply Russian in outlook and intellectual style to the end of her days .
America could take Rand out of Russia , but not Russia out of Rand .
Her work properly belongs to the history of Russian , not American , literature — and nineteenth - century Russian literature at that .
Rand ’s virtues were as follows : she was highly intelligent ; she was brave and uncompromising in defense of her ideas ; she had a kind of iron integrity ; and , though a fierce defender of capitalism , she was by no means avid for money herself .
The propagation of truth as she saw it was far more important to her than her own material ease .
Her vices , of course , were the mirror - image of her virtues , but , in my opinion , the mirror was a magnifying one .
Her intelligence was narrow rather than broad .
Though in theory a defender of freedom of thought and action , she was dogmatic , inflexible , and intolerant , not only in opinion but in behavior , and it led her to personal cruelty .
In the name of her ideas , she was prepared to be deeply unpleasant .
She hardened her ideas into ideology .
Her integrity led to a lack of self - criticism ; she frequently wrote twenty thousand words where one would do .
Rand believed all people to be possessed of equal rights , but she found relations of equality with others insupportable .
Though she could be charming , it was not something she could keep up for long .
She was deeply ungrateful to those who had helped her and many of her friendships ended in acrimony .
Her biographer tells us that she sometimes told jokes , but , in the absence of any supportive evidence , I treat reports of her sense of humor much as I treat reports of sightings of the Loch Ness monster : apocryphal at best .
A passionate hater of religion , Rand founded a cult around her own person , complete with rituals of excommunication ; a passionate believer in rationality and logic , she was incapable of seeing the contradictions in her own work .
She was a rationalist who was not entirely rational ; she could not distinguish between rationalism and rationality .
Of narrow aesthetic sympathies , she laid down the law in matters of artistic judgment like a panjandrum ; a believer in honesty , she was adept at self - deception and special pleading .
I have rarely read a biography of a writer I should have cared so little to meet .
T he Russian tradition to which Rand belongs is not that of Gogol , Turgenev , and Chekhov but that of Dobrolyubov , Pisarev , and Chernyshevsky : that is to say , of angry literary and social critics , pamphleteers and ideologues .
She was neither fully a philosopher , nor fully a novelist , but something in between the two — the characters in her novels are not creatures of flesh and blood but opinions on legs , and her expository prose has the quality of speechifying .
This is not to say that a woman of her intelligence and life experience had nothing interesting to say or no insights to convey .
She did , on occasion , put things very well .
She was often shrewd , seeing the dangers of statism very clearly , when few others did .
Rand ’s statement that racism is the lowest and most primitive form of collectivism is a striking apothegm .
Likewise , she was among the first to appreciate that the notion of collective rights ( a mirror image of racial discrimination ) would “ disintegrate a country into an institutionalized civil war of pressure groups , each fighting for legislative favors and special privileges at the expense of one another . ”
This could hardly be expressed better ; neither could her observation that “ Even if it were proved … that the incidence of men of potentially superior brain power is greater among the members of certain races than among the members of others , it would still tell us nothing about any given individual and it would be irrelevant to one ’s judgment of him . ”
Unfortunately , Rand ’s vices as a writer are never very far from her virtues .
Not only does the above passage suggest that people are to be judged mainly by reference to their brain power , a very narrow and inhumane criterion , but she continues : “ A genius is a genius … and a moron is a moron , regardless of the number of morons who belong to the same race . ”
This grates because one knows that she not only divides the world into creators and parasites with no intermediate category , but also because she never expresses any sympathy or understanding for the weak or ill , always referring to them with disdain at best and eugenicist hatred at worst .
A moron is to be blamed for his own lack of intelligence .
Rand treats the physically ill as if their misfortunes were always their own fault , and a sign of their moral and human worthlessness .
In The Fountainhead , for example , she compares “ the bright , the strong , the able boys ” of Ellsworth Toohey ’s class during his childhood with Skinny Dix , who “ got infantile paralysis , and would lie in bed . ”
This comparison is indicative of a truly loathsome and disgusting hardness of heart and lack of compassion as well as a crude intellectual error ( made , no doubt , partly as a result of her loathing for Roosevelt — infantile paralysis does not affect the intelligence and therefore cannot be taken as a symbolic opposite of ability ) .
Rand ’s hardness of heart was not only confined to the page .
There is a chilling account in the biography of how she treated her long - suffering husband , Frank O’Connor , when he suffered from dementia :
She nagged at him continually , to onlookers ’ distress .
“ Do n’t humor him , ” she [ said ] .
“ Make him try to remember . ”
She insisted that his mental lapses were “ psycho- epistemological , ” and she gave him long , grueling lessons in how to think and remember .
She assigned him papers on aspects of his mental functioning , which he was entirely unable to write .
This downright cruelty ( as well as downright stupidity ) derived from her overvaluation of supposed intellectual consistency in the conduct of daily life .
She believed that it was more important to adhere to a principle than to behave well .
Among her many bad ideas was the compatibility of all human desiderata , and that any conflict of a man ’s interests was merely the consequence of his not having thought through his situation sufficiently , and applied a fundamental and indubitable principle correctly and consistently .
For Rand , there was no ambiguity in the world : if it is true that man has free will and is responsible for his conduct , it cannot also be that there is a condition such as dementia that robs a man of his capacity for choice .
Hence her husband ’s lapses were wilful and deliberate , to be corrected by Randian brainwashing .
This is authentically horrible .
R and ’s crude dichotomizing is evident throughout her work .
Her rejection of compassion is Nietzschean in tone , seeing in pity merely an attempt by the weak and ill - favored to overcome the power and influence of the strong and healthy .
But this is an elementary error .
From the correct psychological insight that the allegedly compassionate sometimes use the existence of the weak and needy as a tool for their own social ascent and attainment of power — whole political parties , in almost every country , are founded upon this principle — it does not in the least follow that there are no people in need of assistance or that compassion for them is ipso facto bogus and a cover for the will to power .
From the insight that government assistance to the unfortunate increases the number of the unfortunate , often imprisoning them in their misfortune , it does not follow in the least that it is right for human beings to be utterly callous and indifferent to the fate of the unfortunate .
Human sympathy is , as Adam Smith himself pointed out , implanted by nature in the human breast , but Ayn Rand , to a greater extent even than Pharaoh , hardened her heart and expunged sympathy from it utterly .
Rand ’s hero - worship is also Nietzschean in inspiration .
It is deeply unpleasant .
She entirely lacks the literary ability to convey anything admirable , or even minimally attractive , about her heroes , who are the kind of people one would not cross the road to meet , though one might well cross it to avoid them .
They partake fully of her humorless monomania and have all the human warmth of a praying mantis .
We are told that they are geniuses , but their genius seems mainly to consist of an unswerving adherence to their own ideas .
Howard Roark is the architect - hero of The Fountainhead , but there is abundant evidence in the book that he is not a very good architect : his ideas are totally derivative and , furthermore , derivative of ideas that are themselves not merely worthless , but monstrous .
Like his creator , he claims an originality that he does not have .
Here he describes how a house may have what he calls “ integrity ” :
Every piece of it is there because the house needs it — and for no other reason .
The relation of masses was determined by the distribution of space within .
The ornament was determined by the method of construction , an emphasis of the principle that makes it stand .
This is pure , unadulterated Le Corbusier .
Indeed , it could have been written by him .
( Roark also praises Le Corbusier ’s favourite thing in all the world , reinforced concrete . )
We all know what Le Corbusier led to ; the very idea that a house “ needs ” things while the desires of human beings can be disregarded is one that would occur only to someone with a reptilian mind .
It is not altogether surprising that Roark lacks taste ; Rand herself did , too .
She called Bach and Mozart “ pre-musical , ” preferring Tchaikovsky and even Lehár .
She thought that Victor Hugo was the greatest novelist who ever lived .
She ridiculed Rembrandt ’s “ visual distortions . ”
These judgments show her to have been seriously deficient in sensibility and discrimination across a wide range of important human activities : in fact , I can not think of any field in which she showed proper aesthetic or intellectual judgment .
Humanity , according to Rand , is divided into heroes , creators , and geniuses on the one hand , and weaklings , parasites , and the feeble - minded on the other .
Needless to say , the latter outnumber the former by a very wide margin , but only the former are truly human in the full sense of the word .
But let us leave aside for a moment the empirical justification for such a sharp division of mankind into two categories : it never seems to occur to Rand that her classification does not provide a very strong rationale for the limited government and free market that she claims so strongly to admire .
On the contrary , it would seem to justify the reign of philosopher - kings , though she claims also to hate Plato passionately .
Let us examine the “ heroism ” of Howard Roark as an example .
Why is he a hero to be admired ?
In the book , Rand grants Roark the right to rape Dominique because of his status as a Nietszschean hero , an act which she would have found repellent and inexcusable if , say , his enemy Ellsworth Toohey , had committed it .
Roark is a hero because , as a completely self - sufficient man , he sticks to his guns and never compromises ; this means that he eventually manages to build a skyscraper according to his own conception and to none other .
But why should this make him a hero , unless his skyscraper is of superior value ?
Heroism in pursuit of an undesirable end is not itself desirable , very much to the contrary .
Unless what Roark builds has some social or aesthetic value , his heroism ( actually , arrogance and pigheadedness ) is itself worthless , indeed reprehensible .
I t is odd that Rand should have chosen architecture as her battle - horse for radical individualism because , of all the arts and crafts , architecture is not — or rather , should not be — individualistic in any pure sense .
Let me give a brief illustration .
When I am in England , I live in a Queen Anne house in a church close which consists of Elizabethan , Jacobean , Queen Anne , and Georgian houses .
I own my house and the land on which it stands outright , but this ( in my opinion ) does not give me the right , even if the law granted it , to knock my house down and build a brutalist construction of reinforced concrete in its place , however much it might be in my individual financial in - terest to do so .
A single such construction would ruin the whole once and for all ; where architecture is concerned , the public or collective interest really does exist .
Moreover , Rand fails to notice that , by the standards of the marketplace , Roark is a comprehensive failure and is prevented from being a success by market forces — all those supposed philistines who do not commission him , but retain instead the people whom he and Rand consider second - rate , philistine , and unoriginal .
Either the marketplace is not always the source and proper judge of value , or Roark deserves his failure .
Neither does Rand notice that , while she considers the skyline of New York to be mankind ’s highest architectural achievement ( a debatable proposition ) , she also considers each individual building as being without merit , which is why New York needs Roark so badly .
These contradictions would not be very grave were Rand not so adamant that a wholly consistent and rational philosophy of life were possible , and that she herself had found it and propagated it in her books .
Her combination of vehemence , moral fanaticism , and mediocrity as a thinker was very characteristic of the earnest journalistic tradition of Dobrolyubov , Pisarev , and Chernyshevsky .
The only other tradition known to me that shares this unfortunate combination of characteristics is that of the German materialists of the second half of the nineteenth century such as Moleschott and Buchner .
I n some respects , Rand is almost Soviet .
Her habit of remaking the past in accordance with her wishes or needs of the present is most striking .
The original edition of Atlas Shrugged was dedicated to Nathaniel Branden , a young man whom Rand deemed to be in apostolic intellectual succession to her until he displayed his irrational tendencies by refusing to continue a sexual liaison with her ( a refusal she considered irrational despite their very considerable age difference ) .
The dedication was removed from subsequent editions in the way that Trotsky and others were removed from Soviet photographs once they had fallen from favor .
Perhaps the most significant sentence in Ms. Heller ’s biography is this from the preface : “ Because I am not an advocate for Rand ’s ideas , I was denied access to the Ayn Rand Papers at the Ayn Rand Institute … ”
Allied to this tendency to remodel the past was Rand ’s megalomaniac notion that moral philosophy had been nothing but a tissue of sentimental error until she came along .
This is rather like the Stalinist view , Marxist in inspiration , that all was misery and exploitation until Stalin brought happiness into the world : Ethics and ethics laws lay hid in night ;
God said , Let Ayn Rand be , and all was light .
Like any Stalinist despot , Ayn Rand considered herself to be totally unprecedented and quite without parallel .
Like Kim Il - Sung and Howard Roark , she sprang into the world with her philosophical genius fully formed , not needing any support from any other thinker , despite the fact that ( in fact ) no element of her thought was entirely original .
For example , it was perfectly well known to Hobbes that power - seeking might be masked by alleged altruism and compassion ; the fact that no man did or could love humanity was expressed by Hume as follows :
There is no such passion in human minds , as the love of mankind , merely as such , independent of personal qualities , of services , or relation to ourself .
Hume , however , did not go on to draw the extreme conclusion ( Russian in style ) that , if one could not love humanity , one was condemned , or fortunate enough , to have to think only of oneself :
Tho ’ it be rare to meet with one , who loves any single person better than himself ; yet ’tis as rare to meet with one , in whom all the kind affections , taken together , do not over - balance all the selfish .
In her expository writings , Rand ’s style resembles that of Stalin .
It is more catechism than argument , and bores into you in the manner of a drill .
She has a habit of quoting herself as independent verification of what she says ; reading her is like being cornered at a party by a man , intelligent but dull , who is determined to prove to you that right is on his side in the property dispute upon which he is now engaged and will omit no detail .
Her unequivocal admiration bordering on worship of industrialization and the size of human construction as a mark of progress is profoundly Stalinist .
Where Stalinist iconography would plant a giant chimney belching black smoke , Randian iconography would plant a skyscraper .
( At the end of The Fountainhead , Roark receives a commission to build the tallest skyscraper in New York , its height being the guarantor of its moral grandeur .
According to this scale of values , the Burj Dubai would be man ’s crowning achievement so far . )
Industrialists are to Rand what Stakhanovites were to Stalin : Both saw nature as an enemy , something to be beaten into submission .
One does n’t have to be an adherent of the Gaia hypothesis to know where this hatred of nature led .
Finally , Rand ’s treasured theory of literature , what she called Romantic Realism , is virtually indistinguishable from Socialist Realism :
Since my purpose is the presentation of an ideal man , I had to define and present the conditions which make him possible and which his existence requires .
I had to define and present the kinds of premises and values that create the character of an ideal man and motivate his actions .
Zhdanov could have written that , and it is hardly surprising that , as a result , Rand ’s heroes are not American but Soviet .
The fact that they supposedly embody capitalist values makes no difference .
Rand fulfilled Stalin ’s criterion for the ideal writer : she tried to be an engineer of souls .
R and ’s fanaticism is Russian ; philosophically , she resembles Bazarov in Fathers and Sons , but without his more attractive qualities .
Nathaniel Branden was still Rand ’s sexual partner and intellectual eunuch when he wrote , with her complete nihil obstat , the following :
There is no greater self - delusion than to imagine that one can render unto reason that which is reason ’s and unto faith that which is faith’s .
Faith cannot be circumscribed or delimited ; to surrender one ’s consciousness by an inch is to surrender one ’s consciousness in total .
Either reason is absolute to a mind or it is not — and if it is not , there is no place to draw the line , no barrier faith cannot cross , no part of one ’s life faith cannot invade : one remains rational until and unless one ’s feelings decree otherwise .
One does n’t know whether to remark more on the arrogance , self - delusion , or sheer ignorance of this .
According to the passage above , the man who was probably the greatest scientist of all time , Sir Isaac Newton , was not rational .
Ayn Rand was the only rational being in history .
Of course , she was so intolerable that her sister , visiting her in the United States after decades of separation , could n’t wait to return to the Soviet Union .
After reading Ms. Heller ’s book , I sympathize with her sister .
Rand was the Chernyshevsky of individualism .
Meredith Royer and Danielle Zipprick , students at
, have noticed the changes in their school lunches .
There is sushi on the menu now , and all kinds of wraps and salads .
Fewer fried items and plenty of fruits and vegetables .
It ’s still possible to fill up on chips and ice cream , but they do n’t see many of their classmates doing that .
“ The desire to eat all unhealthy stuff is less than when we were younger , ” Zipprick said .
“ The general feeling is that people are really aware of what they ’re eating . ”
Since 2007 , when school districts formed wellness policies and the state Department of Education offered financial incentives for providing healthy choices , school cafeterias have changed .
The West Shore School District offers daily carrot , celery , broccoli and cauliflower slices .
Susquehanna Twp. School District students have several choices of pre-made salads and soups daily .
Students are not allowed to buy chips unless they also purchase a meal , and chicken patties are grilled instead of fried .
In the Cornwall - Lebanon School District , parents can monitor their kids ' purchases and forbid junk food .
The changes in what students are buying in school are dramatic , according to some Penn State University professors who are studying the trends .
There ’s even some preliminary data to suggest that kids are no longer getting fatter , and might even be slightly improving their health .
The Department of Health kept statistics on the body mass indexes of nearly 1 million school children in kindergarten through sixth grade .
The rates of obesity and being overweight went from 32.74 percent in the 2006 - 07 school year to 31.73 percent in 2007 - 08 .
That ’s the latest data .
It might not sound like much , but it ’s the first decline after 30 years of increasing levels of obesity , according to state Department of Health secretary Everette James .
“ It ’s still at very high levels , but what it tells us is that some of the work we ’re doing is helping , ” he said .
“ Food service directors have played a part in the flattening of the obesity trend . ”
Claudia Probart , Penn State associate professor of nutrition , and Elaine McDonnell , Department of Nutrition project coordinator , studied the top sellers in school cafeterias in 2003 and again in 2009 and found differences .
High - fat cookies , crackers and cakes were among the top five sellers in 68 percent of schools in 2003 and 20 percent in 2009 .
Potato chips and similar high - calorie snacks went from 45 percent to 8 percent , with ice cream dropping from 36 percent to 7 percent .
Offerings in vending machines also changed .
Only 41 percent offered carbonated beverages in 2009 , compared with 58 percent in 2003 .
Cookie offerings dropped from 38 percent to 9 percent , and candy bars slid from 36 percent to 9 percent .
A graduate student is now doing a study to compare cafeteria offerings with Body Mass Index levels , and early results “ look fairly encouraging , ” Probart said .
“ It ’s hard to say there ’s a direct cause and effect , but there ’s something going on , ” she said .
She said the Pennsylvania legislation that formed wellness committees and offered incentives of a few cents per meal if schools followed the Department of Education ’s nutrition guidelines was revolutionary .
About 64 percent of school districts statewide follow the department ’s guidelines , according to spokeswoman Leah Harris , including most in the midstate .
Many school food services are self - supporting , meaning they must offer what students like to eat to be successful .
Before the legislation , that included lots of snack foods , pizza , cookies and other calorie - packed fare , Probart said .
Jack Shirk , director of the Cornwall - Lebanon food service , said he has to be creative in making healthy food attractive to eat and cost effective .
Elementary school children in the district cannot buy cake , ice cream or chips , but as students get older , they also have more freedom to choose .
Whenever students punch in PIN numbers to pay for lunch , their photos show up on a screen along with dietary notes which can , at their parents ’ request , forbid them from eating junk food .
Shirk said there are fewer than two dozen parents in the district who have chosen to do that .
Starting next year , parents will be able to monitor what their children are ordering for lunch online .
At the same time , “ we do n’t want to be the food police , ” Shirk said .
Some national companies appear to be joining the healthy food trend .
PepsiCo recently announced it will no longer sell its sugary carbonated beverages to schools anywhere in the world .
Both Pepsi and Coca - Cola stopped selling high - calorie beverages to U.S. schools in 2006 .
While the Cornwall - Lebanon School District still has a contract with Coke , the vending machines sell only vitamin water and juices , Shirk said .
He said he ’s not sure that the healthier cafeteria offerings have any effect on what students choose to eat at home , but Susquehanna Twp.
Food Director Lee Ann Hocker said she hopes what students eat in school helps them make better food choices .
Greg Hummel , Derry Twp. School District ’s food director , said he has seen changes in student attitudes .
Even fourth - graders are starting to read nutrition labels , he said .
“ I think kids are starting to eat better at home , ” he said .
“ To see them , hear them , hear their parents talk ... everyone ’s working very hard at this . ”
Health Secretary James said he hopes the recent statistics are the beginning of a long decline in overweight kids .
The state recently received federal stimulus money to develop nutrition information labeling systems for school cafeterias and menus , he said .
He said he thinks the health reform bill and first lady Michelle Obama ’s push to get kids eating better and moving more will make a difference .
“ For more than 30 years , this was not a priority , ” he said .
“ What ’s happening now is exciting .
It ’s about kids being healthy . ”
Percentage of schools reporting that these items were among their top five best sellers in 2003 and 2009 :
Environmentalists make plea for desert preservation A group of environmentalists says renewable energy goal should n’t come with destruction of native plant , animal life
Sun Coverage All Sun energy coverage
Some environmentalists are breaking ranks and fighting the solar industry .
The problem , as they see it , is that tens of thousands of acres of mostly pristine desert is slated for bulldozing to accommodate utility - scale solar power plants in Nevada and across the Southwest .
The solar plant planned 4.5 miles southwest of the Primm Golf Course , for example , will eat up about 3,400 acres .
About 20 people hiked across several miles of that desert Saturday .
They ’re members of the Sierra Club , the Center for Biological Diversity , the Western Watersheds Project , and Basin and Range Watch , but last weekend they were acting independently of their organizations .
The hike was a form of protest .
The mission was to gather information about rare and endangered plants and animals that live on the proposed site of the solar plant .
The hikers ’ plan is to use their knowledge of life on the site to block the development or at least force it to move .
Renewable energy developers have long been the darlings of environmental groups , but Saturday ’s event highlights a growing rift within those groups .
It ’s not that the dissenters are anti-solar or anti-wind power .
They simply want it to come in a form known as “ distributed generation , ” meaning rooftop solar panels and backyard wind turbines instead of massive new power plants and new transmission lines .
“ I do n’t understand why so much emphasis has to be put on these gigantic projects that are taking up wild open space , ” hiker Laura Cunningham of Beatty says .
“ Reducing electricity consumption even a tiny bit and deploying urban technologies like rooftop solar first , before we start bringing out the bulldozers , would be better for everyone . ”
Distributed generation requires no wilderness bulldozing , kills no animals and requires no massive infrastructure changes .
It also has a smaller carbon footprint , according to RA Energie founder Herve Mazzocco , who has worked on renewable energy projects large and small .
Large utility - scale projects have larger carbon footprints for a number of reasons , he says .
They tend to be built in remote locations and have to be huge in part because some of the electricity they generate is lost as the power is transported hundreds of miles along transmission lines .
Adding to the carbon tally : Components are shipped from halfway around the world , and bulldozers and other equipment used to develop the land are polluters .
“ Distributed generation systems can still be designed so the solar production coincides with the peak demand , which will save the utilities from running carbon intensive peak plants , there are no transmission losses as the energy is used on - site and , perhaps more significantly , there is no need for long environmental review processes , which means jobs right now , not in a year , ” Mazzocco says .
A new workforce would be needed to manufacture and install the technology .
The government is pouring gargantuan subsidies into utility - scale renewable energy development .
If it were to put that same kind of support into programs to help homeowners buy wholesale - cost solar panels and backyard wind turbines , it would preserve land and save tax dollars .
Residents would n’t have to pay the added expense of funding huge renewable energy plants through increased electricity rates , advocates say .
But some say this corner of the renewable energy industry has been overlooked by the feds and state governments in favor of flashier utility - scale projects pushed by high - priced lobbyists and wealthy campaign contributors .
The projects also make great backdrops for news conferences .
Groups such as Sierra Club are strong supporters of renewable energy development because of its potential to reduce carbon emissions .
But many members of these groups are appalled at how the technology is being rolled out .
If large plants must be built , why not build them on previously disturbed land such as capped landfills or in pockets of undeveloped land in the urban core , they ask .
They argue cities such as Las Vegas that developed in a hopscotch manner could actually benefit from solar plants infilling undeveloped areas surrounded by suburban sprawl .
“ We just think it ’s happening too fast , ” Cunningham says .
“ There has been no planning from the government on where renewable energy should be built and how fast .
There has been no discussion of how to balance the need for carbon - free electricity with massive environmental damage . ”
Cunningham and fellow hikers say the Ivanpah Solar Field planned for just over the California state line south of Primm is a prime example .
The project is expected to be the first mega solar plant in the U.S.
It was the first solar project to receive approval for a federally backed loan guarantee through the Energy Policy Act .
The Ivanpah array will be Oakland , Calif . - based BrightSource Energy ’s first American plant .
The company has several other projects planned , including one in the Coyote Springs development north of Las Vegas .
Construction on the Ivanpah project is expected to begin this year .
It will employ about 1,000 union workers , most likely from nearby Primm and Las Vegas , at the height of construction .
The site is far from pristine , the developer says .
It is crisscrossed with transmission lines and off - road vehicle trails .
As for the concerns that it will kill rare plants and destroy critical habitat of endangered desert tortoises , BrightSource says it will uproot many of the most important plants — which include ancient colonies of creosote bushes and centuries - old barrel cactuses as well as rare wildflowers and even invasive grasses — and either transplant them or keep them in a nursery for the estimated 30 - year lease of the BLM acreage .
Desert tortoises would be moved .
One in every six tortoises moved would die , according to the environmental impact statement .
The company has responded to government and private concerns about the location by downscaling to avoid the most sensitive areas .
Some environmentalists say it ’s a decent solution for this site but fear it sets a dangerous precedent in the deserts of Southern Nevada and California , some of which have far more sensitive habitat than the BrightSource site , explains Kevin Emmerich , another Beatty resident and member of Basin and Range Watch .
So he and his fellow hikers were looking for Native American artifacts , counting endangered species and looking for engineering flaws in the project ’s flood and fire mitigation plans to try to slow the process and convince the powers that be to take a different approach to the country ’s clean energy future .
With Buster Posey remaining in Giants camp , the idea of him actually opening the season on the Major League roster is becoming more of a reality .
Does it make sense to have one of your premier prospects simply watching from the sidelines instead of getting at bats at Triple - A ?
Not in the slightest , but that ’s not what we ’re here to discuss .
There is the potential that he plays two - to - three times per week , seeing time both behind the plate ( spelling Bengie Molina ) and at first base ( spelling Aubrey Huff ) .
If he does stick , there ’s potential that he starts stealing more and more at bats , meaning he could emerge as a solid option in all formats .
Let ’s take a look at what he may bring to the table :
What you need to know :
Baseball America ranked the 23 - year old as the Giants # 1 prospect heading into 2010 ( as well as the best hitter for average , best strike - zone discipline and best defensive catcher in the team ’s minor league system ) .
Additionally , Baseball America ranked him as the # 7 prospect overall , while mlb.com ranked him at # 4 .
On the Rotoprofessor Top 50 prospect list for 2010 ( click here to view ) , he was at # 18 .
He was the Giants first round pick ( fifth overall ) in the 2008 draft .
Posey opened his college career at shortstop , but moved to catcher in his sophomore year .
He spent time at Single - A ( .326 in 291 AB ) , Triple - A ( .321 in 131 AB ) and the Major Leagues ( .118 in 17 AB ) in 2009 .
The minor league averages are believable , thanks to a great eye at the plate .
Granted , his .349 BABIP at both Single and Triple - A may be a bit inflated .
Still , showing walk rates of 13.0 % and 11.3 % , respectively , shows how patient he is .
If he can reduce the strikeout rates ( or at least maintain them , as he was at 15.5 % and 17.6 % ) , the idea of him hitting around .300 should not be unthinkable .
The power is the bigger question at this point .
While he had 18 HR in 422 minor league AB , the fly ball rate just does n’t scream power surge .
In his minor league appearances , his rate was just 29.2 % .
That would require a huge HR / FB to allow him to grow in the home run department .
With that said , he did have 31 doubles , so there ’s hope that he could take a step forward .
Still , I would n’t expect it to happen all at once , if at all .
Baseball America said , “ Posey draws legitimate comparisons to Joe Mauer .
He ’s a pure hitter with terrific strike - zone awareness , and his clean , unfettered swing allows him to drive pitches from pole to pole . ”
He stole six bases at Single - A , showing that his speed is above average for a catcher , though far from elite .
Do n’t look for him to be a huge contributor in this regard , even if he does find regular at bats .
The bottom line is that Posey is an elite hitter for average , if nothing else .
He ’s likely to hit near the bottom of the order , maybe # 6 or 7 , meaning there will be RBI opportunities for him as well .
If he were to receive regular playing time , he ’d instantly become a must use option in all two - catcher formats thanks to his average alone .
He ’d likely be a 12 - 15 HR option and he may even sprinkle in a few stolen bases .
What ’s not to like about that ?
Even if he makes the roster , he ’s not going to get regular at bats right from the start .
The veterans are going to get their chance , which means he ’s the optimal player to stash and see what happens in all formats .
In NL - only and 2 - catcher formats , even in limited at bats , he could prove valuable .
In shallower formats , he ’s not going to have value unless he earns regular at bats , so just keep him protected and see how things play out .
What are your thoughts on Posey ?
Would he be usable immediately in two - catcher formats ?
How good could he be ?
If you would like to see a free preview of the Rotoprofessor 2010 Fantasy Baseball Draft Guide ( available for just $ 5 ) now including a Top 50 Prospects for 2010 List , click here .
For more looks at prospects , you can check out the following articles :
Picture courtesy of Icon Sports Media , Inc .
When Dick Cheney took the stage on February 18 at the Conservative Political Action Conference , where thousands of right - wingers had gathered to speechify , debate , and hone their message , it seemed just like old times .
The surprise appearance of the former vice - president was the idea of his older daughter , Liz , the blonde and biting critic of President Obama who was scheduled to make her own star turn at the conference .
The details of the stealth operation were known only to the Cheney family and a small circle of aides and shared , says one person involved , on “ a need - to - know basis . ”
Liz arrived alone at the Washington , D.C. , Marriott Hotel , while her sister , Mary , spirited their father through a side door and up to a room on the eighth floor , his undisclosed location , a short walk from the main stage .
With 45 minutes until showtime , Liz met them in the room , where she practiced her speech in front of her father .
The message :
The president is dangerous and unwise , a fact even her 9 - year - old daughter can plainly see , but conservatives are now resurgent , a righteous minority on the rise .
“ They ’ll try to attack us , and they ’ll play dirty , ” she warned .
“ They ’ll try to silence us … President Obama , you will never silence us . ”
Her father was pleased and proud .
It had been a long and fruitful year for the Cheneys , whose ubiquity on the national scene had surprised members of both parties .
By the end of the Bush administration , Dick Cheney had become one of the least popular politicians in America ( approval rating : 13 percent ) , and it was expected that once out of office he would , as he put it , “ go fishing ” and wait for history to prove him right or wrong .
But it quickly became clear that Dick could n’t sit on his hands — and neither could Liz .
She has spent nearly every day since her father ’s departure from the White House attempting to extricate him from the jaws of infamy by turning current events into a referendum on his policies .
Casting herself as his defense lawyer , she has appeared on television 40 - odd times in the last year .
And she ’s conducting the research for a Dick Cheney memoir , a book she persuaded her father to write .
“ She ’s more combative and she would rather he answer more critics than his own instincts might suggest , ” says Barton Gellman , the author of Angler : The Cheney Vice Presidency .
“ He does n’t care what people think of him ; she does . ”
During the Bush years , Liz Cheney became her father ’s close adviser , fighting proxy battles for him inside the State Department .
By the time Barack Obama was elected , her views on U.S. foreign policy had become even more hawkish than her father ’s — amplified , say associates , by bitterness over Dick Cheney ’s treatment in the press and by fellow Republicans , including former Bush officials .
“ They were hurt , ” says Alan Simpson , the former Wyoming senator and friend of the Cheneys since the sixties .
“ Liz especially .
There ’s always the feeling of the unfairness of the treatment of her dad .
That would drive a person . ”
It ’s driving her straight into the family business .
As she builds a platform for herself with a political - action group called Keep America Safe , Republican Party strategists are already taking her measure for a congressional run as early as 2012 .
The same people who alighted on Sarah Palin , including Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol , are hoping she can tap the anxieties of the so - called security - mom base that Palin helped to energize .
“ She ’s likely to seek office in Wyoming or Virginia , ” says Karl Rove , the former Bush political adviser and a man who knows something about the underestimated children of political families .
But it will require a serious campaign — and a bit of well - orchestrated political theater — to pull it off .
So while Liz prepared to go onstage at CPAC , Mary snuck their father into the VIP holding area , where the Cheney entourage quietly fielded BlackBerry messages about the rumor that the former vice - president was in the building .
Word of his appearance had been artfully leaked to friends at Fox News , prompting Greta Van Susteren , host of On the Record , to post on Twitter : “ just got email from fox colleague that her father vp cheney to walk her on stage . ”
The fuse was lit .
As Liz spoke , the crowd roared with expectation , hanging on her every word but also looking over her shoulder , until finally : “ There is one man in particular we all know who certainly has taught me what it means to have the courage of your convictions , ” Liz said , a grin spreading across her face .
“ You know who I ’m talking about . ”
And out came Dick , a bit thinner than anyone remembered , his hair whiter , with a slight hobble , but beaming with delight at his rock - star reception .
As the crowd chanted “ Run , Dick , run ! , ” he looked like he could hardly believe how much fun he was having .
But he reminded the crowd that he was there for his daughter : “ There comes a time when those of us of our generation need to move on ” to make room for the next generation .
After his speech , Dick Cheney headed home , while Liz stayed and signed autographs .
Five days after the conference , the former vice - president suffered his fifth heart attack .
Liz told reporters that he was fine and following doctors ’ orders .
It ’s no easy thing to be calm in the face of such health scares , but Liz and Mary have been dealing with them for most of their lives .
Their father had his first heart attack in 1978 , when he was just 37 .
That was the summer of his first run for Congress , when Liz and Mary campaigned with him , wearing HONK FOR CHENEY sandwich boards and waving American flags from the family RV .
By that point , the girls had already begun to view their father as a historical figure .
As chief of staff to Gerald Ford , Cheney had worked seven days a week , bringing his daughters to the West Wing on Saturdays to let them watch cartoons ( and eat the candy they found in Donald Rumsfeld ’s secretary ’s desk ) .
White House photographer and Cheney - family friend David Kennerly teased them and snapped photos at Camp David .
History is a theme for the Cheneys .
Lynne , who holds a doctorate in literature and writes children ’s history books ( America : A Patriotic Primer ) , is presently working on a biography of James Madison .
Dick gravitates to military and war histories and took the girls , when they were young , on summer trips to Civil War sites .
In 2000 , when Cheney was elected vice - president , Liz and Mary commissioned a cartographer to create a map depicting the route taken by their great - great - grandfather ’s Union regiment .
Their father hung it in his White House office .
Through the years , Liz recorded numerous interviews with her father for posterity .
She sat in on about 30 of the 40 hours of interviews with Cheney ’s official biographer , Stephen Hayes , a writer for The Weekly Standard whom Liz personally vetted before introducing him to her father .
When Hayes pressed record on two tape recorders , Hayes recounts , Liz Cheney turned on two tape recorders of her own .
Hayes says she frequently interjected , prompting Cheney to recall certain anecdotes .
When Liz reminded her father about a fabled makeout spot where he used to take her mother during their courtship days in Casper , Wyoming , he surprised her with recollections of another place he liked better .
“ It was darker , ” he said .
“ You could get around much better . ”
Liz rolled her eyes : “ You guys can talk all about that later . ”
When Dick Cheney left office in January 2009 , it appeared he ’d lost the historical argument — the legacy of botched Middle East warfare , legalized waterboarding , secret detentions , and domestic wiretapping hanging around his neck like a millstone .
His final months in office were unhappy ones , and he told friends he was looking forward to retirement .
But just two weeks into Obama ’s presidency , he launched himself back into the national dialogue , warning of the “ high probability ” of nuclear or biological attack if his policies were softened .
Sitting by Cheney ’s side during the first fateful interview was Liz .
Cheney ’s appearance stunned colleagues , especially former Bush aides , who did n’t like the idea of him as the face of the administration ’s legacy .
It seemed preposterous to think Cheney could somehow escape the bonds of the Bush years , but his unwillingness to cede any ground turned out to be a political masterstroke .
“ At the end of the day , the debate on national - security policy , removed from Afghanistan and Iraq , is a live debate , ” says Steve Schmidt , the senior adviser for Senator John McCain ’s presidential bid .
“ It ’s not over yet .
Vice - President Cheney ’s record is n’t going to be judged in isolation . ”
The Cheneys are now a stripped - down operation : Dick Cheney keeps an office at the conservative think tank American Enterprise Institute , where he has an aide , Peter Long , helping him with research .
But mostly he works from home .
On weekdays , Liz leaves her small children with a nanny , so she can work on the memoir either at her house or at her parents ’ .
When her father has something to say about Obama , the former vice - president takes a break from the book to prepare a political attack , feeding statements to his preferred media conduit , Politico.com .
Liz , who advises him on his statements , serves as the media go - between .
“ She is a conduit of information to and from her family , ” says a former Cheney staffer .
Setting the Cheney record straight is going to be a long battle on multiple fronts .
The first , of course , is the book .
Mary Matalin , a longtime family friend and adviser , is the publisher , having acquired it for the conservative imprint she runs for Simon & Schuster .
According to Matalin , Liz “ helps pull material together for him , provides outlines of key topics , supervises research projects , and helps in the drafting . ”
“ It ’s going to be Dick Cheney in full , ” promises Alan Simpson .
“ And Liz will assure that it is .
It will be a hell of a book .
She is right there with him because she can recall things that he could n’t . ”
Photo : David Hume Kennerly / Getty Images
But the medium where Liz has proved herself to be invaluable to the family cause is television .
She has been waging a scorched - earth campaign to characterize Obama as “ misguided ” and “ dangerous ” and defend her father as a man of backbone in a world of wafflers and wimps .
Unabashed and stunningly direct , Liz called Obama ’s Nobel Prize a “ farce ” and the Democrats ’ attacks on her father ’s policies “ incredibly irresponsible ” and “ appalling . ”
Most recently , she released a political ad attacking the “ Al Qaeda 7 , ” seven unidentified Justice Department lawyers who previously represented terrorist suspects , which she equates with treason .
What inspired her anti-Obama campaign was the administration ’s release of secret CIA memos detailing the legal rationale , approved by Dick Cheney , for waterboarding , which left open the possibility of criminal prosecutions for former Bush officials and CIA operatives .
The Cheneys were apoplectic at the “ unprecedented ” move , and maybe even afraid of legal blowback , having already been stung by the prosecution of Cheney ’s former chief of staff Scooter Libby , who became ensnared in the CIA - leak investigation of the Valerie Plame affair .
In April 2009 , on Liz ’s first major TV appearance of the Obama era , MSNBC ’s Norah O’Donnell grilled her about her father ’s role in authorizing what she called legal torture of terrorist suspects .
Cheney could hardly mask her contempt .
“ Well , it was n’t torture , Norah , so that ’s not the right way to lay out the argument , ” she snapped .
As O’Donnell , mouth agape at Cheney ’s responses ( “ Listen to yourself , Liz ! ” ) , grew more and more exasperated , Cheney only got more defiant , arguing that the near drowning of suspects was practically humane , when you think about it , and delivering the Cheney - brand coup de grâce : a cold , brutalist vision meant to silence all comers .
“ If Al Qaeda captures an American , they cut his head off , ” she said .
“ So I think it ’s very important for us to sort of take a step back from the emotion of this and say we needed to be able to get evidence about imminent attacks . ”
“ I was excited about Sarah Palin ; I ’m more excited about Liz .
She gets people worked up .
She is in harmony with the base . ”
Cheney ’s blonde coif and genial smile ostensibly made her the kinder , gentler face of Dick Cheney , a soft rebranding of the man some people called Darth Vader .
But rather than distance herself from her father ’s controversial actions , she embraces them , even revels in them .
She takes issue with what she calls the conventional wisdom about Dick Cheney ( that he had sold the war on false premises and bent the law to conduct a shadow government in the wake of 9/11 ) , and posits an alternate universe in which Obama ’s election was n’t really a rebuke of the previous administration at all but a large - scale refutation of reality .
Iraq ?
“ We ’re on the verge of winning that war , and you ’ve got to give that credit to Dick Cheney and George Bush , ” she said , placing her father ’s name before Bush ’s .
Guantánamo ?
With Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol and Debra Burlingame , the activist sister of a 9/11 victim , Cheney launched Keep America Safe with the twin goals of keeping Gitmo open and portraying Obama ’s early desire to close it as dangerously weak on terror .
Despite the fact that Obama has become , in some sense , a war president , the Cheneys ’ attacks have had a lingering political potency .
The administration has “ given the Cheneys an open field , ” says Thomas Wilner , a prominent lawyer in the fight to close Gitmo .
“ Cheney says these things which are demonstrably wrong , and [ Obama ] does n’t go rebut it , and people believe them .
It ’s a great mistake , I think . ”
Liberal critics have been outraged that the TV networks give the Cheneys so much on - air real estate for their crusade .
Fox is a regular pulpit , of course , but Liz is also all over NBC , where she happens to be social friends with Meet the Press host David Gregory ( whose wife worked with Liz ’s husband at the law firm Latham & Watkins ) , family friends with Justice Department reporter Pete Williams ( Dick Cheney ’s press aide when he was secretary of Defense ) , and neighborhood friends with Morning Joe co-host Mika Brzezinski , daughter of Carter - administration national - security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski .
When Mika criticized Dick Cheney on her show last year , the former vice - president sent her a box of chocolate cupcakes .
Lawrence O’Donnell , an MSNBC pundit who engaged in a particularly testy shouting match on Good Morning America with Liz Cheney over waterboarding , says the networks have allowed her a high degree of control over her appearances .
“ She had up to that point been completely accustomed to having interviews go her way and ceded on her terms , ” he observes .
“ She has been careful to make sure that the interviews worked that way . ”
And yet , connections aside , Liz Cheney is also remarkably effective as a television pundit , a right - wing messenger designed to infuriate the left , even her name a liberal bugaboo .
She inspires hundreds of angry e-mails to MSNBC when she appears on its programs .
Joe Scarborough , host of Morning Joe , told me he personally finds her “ too shrill , ” but he ’s impressed by her spine .
“ She does n’t back away from unpopular positions , ” he says , “ and she also does n’t immediately swat away questions about whether death panels are contained in the health - care bill or Barack Obama was born in America .
She gives absolutely no quarter . ”
In fact , no issue is too small for Liz Cheney to deny to liberal detractors .
When Chris Matthews , a vocal critic of Dick Cheney , pointed out that the Cheneys pronounced their last name “ Chay - nee ” on TV instead of “ Chee - nee , ” as the name is actually pronounced by the family back in Wyoming , Liz Cheney went on MSNBC the next day to declare Matthews misinformed .
“ I pronounce it ‘ Chay - nee , ’ ” she said with a genial smile .
Later , however , a clip of her mother on the Diane Rehm radio show in 2007 appeared on the Internet : “ Dick ’s family always has said ‘ Chee - nee , ’ ” she said .
“ Most people say ‘ Chay - nee . ’
I think it ’s out of politeness . ”
But for Liz Cheney , it did n’t matter : “ Chay - nee ” is n’t just a name anymore , it ’s a political brand .
The Cheneys all live within blocks of one another in and around the affluent Washington suburb of McLean , Virginia , where Liz Cheney resides with her husband and five children .
Liz ’s friends say she sets the bar for all - American normality :
She watches Mad Men and 24 on TV , drives an SUV , attends Girl Scout meetings , and is frequently spotted on the sidelines of soccer fields , trading gossip with people like Terry McAuliffe , Washington Post reporter Glenn Kessler , and other power players whose kids go to the Country Day School or the Potomac School .
Her friends often point to her children as proof of her humility .
“ I think when you have that many children pulling on your pant leg and demanding a refill on the sippy cup , you come down to size pretty quickly , ” observes Pete Williams .
It ’s a well - honed political image that is more or less true , save for the power , privilege , and issues of national security :
When Liz outfitted her dad ’s office with toys to occupy her kids when they pay a visit to grandpa , the office was an undisclosed location meant to protect the line of succession in case a dirty bomb blew up the capital and killed the president .
People who have known them for years describe the Cheney family as unfailingly tight - knit , bound by their insular life together in the 40 - year bubble of Dick ’s career .
In all things , they work as a focused political unit .
“ If you give them a choice of ten people to hang out with , they ’ll pick their own family every time , ” says Kennerly .
“ Honestly , they ’re like a Korean family , ” says another person with ties to the Cheneys .
“ They actually sit around , the four of them , and come to a corporate decision . ”
This spring , Dick and daughter Mary will roll out a new consulting firm called Yellowstone Associates , exploiting Dick ’s ample Rolodex of energy - industry chieftains and Middle East dignitaries .
Growing up as the daughter of a Washington power broker , Liz Cheney was less Chee - nee and more Chay - nee , not nearly as interested in fishing and hunting in Wyoming as her sister , Mary , would become .
“ She was impressive even as a younger kid : bright , solid , not quirky or flighty , ” says D. J. Gribbin , a family friend who walked to school with Liz in Bethesda in the late seventies , adding that she was n’t “ subject to the whims of fashion . ”
Liz attended McLean High School , where she was captain of the cheerleading team , class of 1984 .
She rarely got into trouble , though she did once take Dick ’s prized sports car for a spin against his wishes and wrecked it .
It was a period , according to Pete Williams , when she was “ testing the bounds of freedom . ”
“ She called his personal assistant asking her to soften the old man up before he got home , so it would n’t come as a huge shock , ” he says .
Evidently crashing the car is a family tradition :
It was after a 16 - year - old Mary Cheney crashed her parents ’ car , according to her memoir , that she confessed to her parents that she was gay .
Liz clearly struggled with her sister ’s sexuality .
In 1991 , the year gay - rights activists were threatening to out Mary , Liz approached family friend and Cheney State Department ally Richard Armitage for his opinion :
Was homosexuality a function of nature or nurture ?
When Armitage said he believed it was genetic , Cheney seemed relieved .
( A spokesperson for Cheney denies this conversation took place . )
At Colorado College , her mother ’s alma mater , Liz felt outnumbered by liberals but did n’t bend to their views — a point of family pride .
“ Her mom was proud of the fact that Liz was very engaged , espousing her worldview and what was best for America , even in a context where most listeners would n’t have shared her worldview , ” says Gribbin .
Her 125 - page senior thesis , “ The Evolution of Presidential War Powers , ” tackled the subject that had fascinated her father since Nixon ’s fall and would consume him in the aftermath of 9/11 .
She argued that presidents had virtually unchecked powers during times of war , foreshadowing the legal advice of Bush - administration lawyer John Yoo , who wrote the legal memos justifying waterboarding .
Liz did meet one like - minded person at school : her future husband , Philip Perry , an English major from the Bay Area who was headed to Cornell Law School .
Liz herself was on her way to Eastern Europe , hired by Armitage to help develop private enterprise in Eastern Bloc countries after the fall of the Berlin Wall for the State Department .
Cheney , then the secretary of Defense under President George H.W. Bush , asked Armitage to keep an eye on her .
“ The father called up and said , ‘ You know , she ’s got a will of her own , [ but ] she does have my name , so I ’d appreciate it if you ’d vet where she ’s going , ’ ” recounts Armitage .
For security purposes , Liz used her mother ’s maiden name , traveling as Liz Vincent , and a friend says she was sometimes disappointed when security decided that she could n’t travel to certain locations .
“ She wanted to be judged on her professional contributions , but she was mindful of who she was , ” says Heather Conley , a former State Department colleague .
After Bill Clinton was elected in 1992 , Liz left government and married Perry in Wyoming , where the wedding party went snowmobiling in Yellowstone .
Soon thereafter , the couple moved to Illinois , where Liz entered law school at the University of Chicago .
( Barack Obama was a professor of constitutional law there at the time , but the two never met . )
Midway through , she gave birth to Dick ’s first grandchild .
Around the same time , Dick Cheney was testing the waters for a presidential run in 1996 .
While Lynne and Mary were ambivalent , concerned for Mary ’s privacy and the impact of her sexual orientation on Dick ’s prospects among Republicans , Liz was “ gung ho , ” Dick told Stephen Hayes .
“ She was out in the backyard painting yard signs . ”
But Dick Cheney opted out .
Instead , he joined the energy company Halliburton as the CEO and by the end of the decade left the company with a reported $ 20 million package .
The Cheneys were now wealthy .
Dick and Lynne bought a large plot of land in McLean — not far from his granddaughters ’ preschool — on which to build the family estate , the nerve center for the next phase in Cheney history .
Liz Cheney has been unapologetic in her defense of waterboarding : “ If Al Qaeda captures an American , they cut his head off . ”
The Cheney family story , rooted in a romanticized Wyoming culture of plainspoken simplicity and rock - ribbed independence , has long been that it is a matriarchy .
Lynne is the family anchor and social navigator , keeping tabs on her husband ’s errant staffers , line - editing his speeches , and going on TV when Mary ’s sexuality becomes grist for a political movement .
Referred to simply as “ Mrs. ” by former campaign aides ( and “ Boss ” by Dick Cheney , who is cast for comic effect as the family cook ) , she embodies the family ’s prairie - style feminism , the brassy , defensive exterior and stand - by - your - man fortitude , which she passed on to both her daughters .
While Liz was graced with the social composure of her mother , she has always been her father ’s intellectual heiress , ambitious and eager .
“ She idolizes her father , ” says an acquaintance .
“ She is in thrall to him . ”
As Cheney prepared to reenter politics in 2000 after an absence of eight years , Liz became an increasingly important figure in his life .
When Bush chose Cheney to be his running mate , Cheney hired Kathleen Shanahan , a friend of the Bush family , to run his side of the campaign .
When they met , the first thing he told her was , “ My daughters are going to be involved , and we ’re going to be a unit . ”
Liz became his aide in debate prep against Al Gore ’s running mate , Joe Lieberman , working with Paul Wolfowitz and Republican adman Stuart Stevens .
By the time it was over , the story goes , Liz had supplanted the more powerful men in the debate sessions , casually directing them by their first names and training her father to distill his answers into more accessible language .
“ Liz was very good at taking his immediately instinctive answers and making them real , ” recalls Shanahan , describing how Liz would ask her father to imagine explaining his foreign - policy prescriptions to his country cousin back in Wyoming .
( Another former Bush - administration official close to the Cheneys says this is just part of the pass - the - torch mythology : “ She was not a senior adviser to him on this . ” )
After the election , the Perry began to disappear from her name in the press , and she became known exclusively as Liz Cheney .
She embraced a new role as the point person to sell the GOP as advocates for women , telling a reporter she found it “ offensive when people in either party talk about ‘ women ’s issues , ’ ” a phrase that she said “ denigrates women ” by assuming they ’re less interested in guns and taxes .
The events of 9/11 transformed the Cheneys .
Larry Lindsey , the former director of Bush ’s National Economic Council , was in the White House bunker that day with the vice - president .
“ That experience really changes your view of the world , ” he says .
“ You understand the concept of what it is to be a secure nation .
I do n’t agree with him on everything , but I understand where he ’s coming from . ”
The following year , with arguments for the Iraq War under way in Congress , Liz was appointed deputy assistant secretary of State for Near Eastern affairs , where she worked under her old boss Richard Armitage , then Colin Powell ’s deputy secretary of State .
She was given a wide berth to run a new aid program called the Middle Eastern Partnership Initiative .
On the surface , it was a typical State Department program meant to foster goodwill overseas , but Cheney and her allies saw it as part of the burgeoning “ Freedom Agenda , ” the pro-democracy banner of neoconservatism .
Though outwardly genial and easygoing , Liz inspired suspicion among her colleagues , who considered her the eyes and ears of the vice - president in the department .
Her job gave her a level of clearance for CIA intelligence that allowed her to have conversations with her father about national security , and Liz played information arbiter in internecine government combat .
When David Wurmser , a special assistant to John Bolton at the State Department , was asked to fly to Kuwait on the eve of the Iraq War to brief Army general Jay Garner on the search for WMDs , Liz Cheney called Wurmser to warn him that her boss Armitage was going to block his efforts .
“ She would be very discreet , ” says Wurmser .
“ There was clearly an effort to stop [ Bolton ] , and she thought that was necessary to convey . ”
Indeed , as the search for weapons of mass destruction fizzled , Liz ’s relationship with Armitage , who was critical of the administration ’s case for war , grew tense .
At one point , Liz asked Armitage why State Department officials were leaking negative information about her father in the press .
“ My response was , ‘ There ’s no one leaking .
They ’re talking on the record , ’ ” he recalls .
While Karl Rove admits in his new memoir that Bush would probably never have invaded Iraq had he known there were no WMDs , the backup rationale of liberating Iraq was good enough for the Cheneys .
For Liz , the virtue of the cause was only proved by how unpopular it was , casting the Cheneys as a virtuous minority against the visionless masses .
“ She almost thrives in an atmosphere where the overall philosophy is discredited and she is a lonely voice , ” says a State Department official who worked with her .
Still , she was increasingly frustrated by her father ’s treatment in the press — and his somewhat cartoonish reputation as a snarling , power - hungry operator willing to bend laws to execute his foreign - policy fantasies .
Liz was galvanized by the Bush - Cheney win in 2004 , seeing it as a powerful affirmation of the Cheney cause .
In 2005 , she won a promotion to principal deputy assistant secretary of State for Near Eastern affairs .
Her flagship program , Forum for the Future , was to be held in Bahrain in November of that year , with Cheney negotiating an agreement among key Middle Eastern states on democratic principles .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice planned a secret detour to Baghdad during the trip to Bahrain .
And Cheney saw her chance to finally visit the country her father had invaded .
According to Glenn Kessler ’s book on Rice , The Confidante , Liz insisted on coming along , strong - arming her female Secret Service agent , gamely donning a helmet and body armor , and hopping on a helicopter .
Her friend Jim Wilkinson , Rice ’s then–senior adviser , saw Cheney ’s move as “ courageous and the right thing to do , ” but others on that trip did not .
“ She was full of herself and full of her sense of being the vice - president ’s daughter , ” a critic recounts .
The next day , when she returned to Bahrain from the fortified Green Zone in Baghdad , the Secret Service was furious that she had evaded them .
Her parents were reportedly surprised as well .
Late to her own conference , Cheney found that chaos had erupted while she was gone : Representatives from Egypt were departing in a huff , unhappy with the resolution Cheney had drafted in advance .
Cheney ’s critics saw her as naïve and unprepared , though her allies say the Egyptians were never going to cooperate anyway .
With conditions in Iraq deteriorating , the Bush White House began to pivot away from pro-democracy rhetoric and toward diplomacy with Iran and North Korea , marginalizing Cheney and the neocons .
Liz saw the writing on the wall , and left the State Department to have her fifth baby , whom she named Richard .
But her identity had been forged in the ideological battle at State .
People who knew her in the nineties say they did n’t recognize her by the time the administration ended — the same thing people said of her father , whose hard - right conservatism , contained while he worked for more centrist Republicans , seemed unleashed by 9/11 .
“ She became her father ’s daughter , ” says Armitage .
As his vice - presidency drew to a close , Dick Cheney began to appear to friends as quieter , grimmer , angrier .
There was speculation that health problems had affected his temperament .
Tom Ricks , the author of Fiasco : The American Military Adventure in Iraq , says several congressmen recalled visiting Cheney and observing how “ he sat and stared at the table and did n’t seem to acknowledge their presence . ”
( In 2008 , doctors discovered that Cheney was experiencing a recurrence of atrial fibrillation , and he underwent a procedure to restore his heart to a normal rhythm . )
Meanwhile , a rift between the Cheney and Bush camps over Scooter Libby ’s role in the CIA - leak investigation was rendering Cheney less and less powerful .
Cheney ’s role had traditionally been “ taking arrows so the boss does n’t , ” according to one former Bush official , but the Libby affair was causing those arrows to hit the boss .
In the summer of 2008 , as the presidential campaigns got under way , Liz was the one to signal displeasure in the Cheney universe , arguing at a conference that the Bush administration ’s approach to the Middle East was “ misguided ” and that “ this administration has gotten it right when we have been bold , when we have been decisive , when we have been focused , when we have used our military force when necessary , ” leaving open to interpretation who “ we ” was .
Cheney told colleagues that he was going to retire quietly .
“ He used to tell people , ‘ After this is over , you ’re not going to see Dick Cheney , ’ ” recounts the former Bush official .
“ ‘ I ’m going to be off fishing somewhere . ’ ”
Cheney ’s supporters have always pointed to his lack of interest in pursuing higher office — saying he ’d never run for president after Bush — as proof of his purity and absence of ego .
But Cheney is not exactly without further political ambition .
In a dual appearance with his daughter on Fox News last summer , sitting by a crackling fire at the National Press Club and chatting with Greta Van Susteren , Dick Cheney officially established his daughter as a potential candidate .
“ Well , I ’m of course a proud father , but I ’d love to see her run for office someday , ” he said .
“ I think she ’s got a lot to offer , and it ’s been a great career for me , and if she has the interest , and I think she does , then I would like to see her embark upon a career in politics . ”
As early as the 2000 election , Liz was being told by Bush and Cheney advisers like Stuart Stevens that she could be president one day .
She laughed it off , but starting last summer , she seemed to draft an informal outline of her future .
On an appearance on Fox News in late May , she recalled the coalition that Ronald Reagan built in the late seventies , roping together the Republicans , independents , and centrist Democrats , the “ three prongs of the stool he was able to put together as a majority . ”
With Obama in office , she declared , “ it will become possible for us again to build that kind of coalition , ” implicitly marking Obama as another Carter .
While Keep America
Safe is primarily focused on Gitmo , it is also transparently a testing ground for Liz Cheney ’s political career .
When she created the pac with Bill Kristol , he advised her to hire two former aides to John McCain ’s presidential campaign , including Michael Goldfarb , a 29 - year - old political consultant who has become her adviser .
Goldfarb , who claims that he was the one to recommend Sarah Palin to Kristol as a national candidate , says they are running Keep America Safe “ very much like a campaign . ”
“ I was excited about Palin ; I ’m more excited about Liz , ” he says .
“ The same sort of excitement you get when you hear her father , except she ’s this petite blonde with five kids …
There ’s just something about her .
You see that response across the activist portion of the party .
It ’s the response you saw to Palin … She gets people worked up .
She connects to people .
She is in harmony with where the base seems to be .
She ’s right on the issues .
“ You have a little crush on her , ” he gushes .
“ It ’s hard not to . ”
Liz will be a speaker at the Southern Republican Leadership Conference in New Orleans this April , along with Sarah Palin .
Her advocates say she trumps Palin on substance .
“ If you put Sarah Palin and Liz Cheney in a circle of 100 journalists , asking anything they wish , I ’ll tell you , pal , you do n’t need a compass to figure that one out , ” says Alan Simpson .
Larry Lindsey , who worked with Liz on Fred Thompson ’s failed presidential campaign , suggests Liz trumps her father as well .
“ I think she ’s a better politician than her dad , ” he says .
“ She ’s really outgoing , connects with people , very quick with a response , which the vice - president often was n’t . ”
Cheney has already mastered media messaging .
Her ambition is most transparent in how carefully she avoids alienating any faction of the conservative movement , including the tea - party wing .
On TV , she has danced around fringe issues like Obama ’s place of birth , careful not to deny the claim outright , even if it ’s clear she does n’t really believe it .
She praised Palin ’s book , Going Rogue , even though she did n’t finish it and once called the prospect of a McCain nomination “ a sad day for the Republican Party . ”
The most - talked - about political possibility for Cheney is the Senate seat in Virginia currently held by Democrat Jim Webb .
Assuming the political pendulum is swinging toward Republicans in 2012 , Cheney might hope to ride national momentum in the state where she ’s been a resident since 1996 .
She could feasibly gain traction among the state ’s large population of active and retired military personnel , not to mention security moms .
In terms of organization and money , Liz Cheney would have access to her father ’s legacy financial backers .
Keep America
Safe is partly funded by Mel Sembler , a top donor to the Bush - Cheney campaigns and a longtime family friend who ’s encouraging Liz to run for Senate in Wyoming .
“ Wherever she wants to run , ” says Sembler , “ I ’d be happy to support her . ”
Like Hillary Clinton , Liz Cheney is an intensely polarizing figure , both blessed and saddled with a political brand name .
“ The big question is , if she runs for Senate , would Dad be a political asset on the campaign trail ? ” asks David Kennerly .
Several Republican operatives I spoke with said Cheney would need to define herself apart from her father .
“ It ’s necessary to lay out your own views and values , ” says Karl Rove .
“ She has to establish her own identity . ”
Which might be difficult , as there are no instances on record where Liz has diverged from her father ’s message .
For her fans , of course , that ’s precisely what makes her so appealing .
“ Dick Cheney does not waver on his core beliefs .
Nor does Liz , ” says Rush Limbaugh , who e-mails with Liz regularly .
“ She does not think in terms of defining herself .
She knows who she is .
She does not have to construct an image because she is genuine .
It is blank slates like Obama who need to ‘ define ’ themselves . ”
Her friend Elliott Abrams says any attempt at attacking the daughter for her father ’s name will only get opponents so far .
“ If you have a woman candidate and what you ’re saying is , ‘ Do n’t pay any attention to what she ’s saying , just pay attention to her father , ’ it ’s not going to be very long before people say , ‘ What kind of crap is that ?
This is sexism , ’ ” he says .
“ It ’s a little dangerous for the Democrats if they go that route . ”
The cynical view is that talk of Liz ’s political future is only fodder for the rollout of Dick ’s memoir , a marketing campaign to prep the news cycle for its release a year from now .
The Virginia Senate seat would n’t exactly be easy pickings .
A longtime Cheney ally and past donor told me that he would back either Ed Gillespie , the former Republican National Committee chairman , or former Virginia senator George Allen , the more prominent and proven names likely to vie for that Senate seat , before he would back Liz Cheney .
And the governor of Virginia , Republican Bob McDonnell , who has an outsize influence in the state ’s nomination process , barely knows the Cheneys .
( Limbaugh , however , says he would back the “ formidable ” Cheney over Gillespie or Allen . )
But the Cheneys , ever cognizant of history , take the long view .
And they seem to like a righteous campaign , even if — perhaps even especially if — the odds are against them .
Liz offers her father both a way of managing his legacy and a future for his ideas .
“ It used to be Bush , ” says a former Bush White House official .
“ Now it ’s Liz . ”
I noticed a post over at a blog called " The other side of the moon " where the author suggests that we put pictures and details of missing children on on 404 pages .
It 's a simple and brilliant idea .
Millions of 404s are delivered every day .
We are reporting on missing pages , but not on missing children .
He includes a simple PHP solution .
I set out to create an ASP.
NET solution , but then realized that a server - side solution was n't really necessary .
Could I do it all on the client side ?
This way anyone could add this feature to their site , regardless of their server - side choice .
This could make the solution much more palatable to folks who may not be into .
NET .
Here 's what I came up with .
You can see it in action if you request a file that does n't exist from my site , like http://www.hanselman.com/foo.aspx.
The file is called missingkids 404.html and it 's just static html .
You will need to configure your webserver to serve this page when it needs to serve a 404 .
For me , as I do run ASP .
NET and IIS , I needed to add this to my web.config in the System .
Web section :
The file , in its entirety , is this :
< html >
< head >
< title > Missing Kids 404</ title >
< style type =" text/css " >
.sys - template { display : none ; }
. missingkid { clear : both ; }
</style >
< script src= " http://ajax.microsoft.com/ajax/beta/0911/Start.js " type =" text / javascript " ></ script >
</head >
< body >
< script type =" text / javascript " >
Sys.require([Sys.components.dataView , Sys.scripts.jQuery ] , function ( ) {
$ ( " #missingkids " ) .dataView ( ) ;
var statecode = " ZZ " ;
var dataurl = " http://query.yahooapis.com/v1/public/yql?q=SELECT%20*%20From%20xml%0D%0A%20Where%20url%3D'http%3A%2F%2Fwww.missingkidsmap.com%2Fread.php%3Fstate%3D " + statecode + " ' %0D%0A&format=json&callback= ? " ;
var data = $.getJSON ( dataurl , function ( results ) {
Sys.get ( " $missingkids " ) .set_data( results.query.results.locations.location ) ;
}
) ;
} ) ;
function getSrc(url ) {
var lastIndex = url.lastIndexOf ('= ' ) ;
return url.substring(lastIndex+1 ) ;
}
</script >
< p >
< strong > Sorry , the page you 're trying to find is missing .</ strong >
</ p>
< p >
We may not be able to find the page , but perhaps you could help find one of these missing children :
</ p>
< div id =" missingkids " class = " sys- template " >
< div class= " missingkid " >
< img sys: width = " 60 " sys:align = " left " sys:src= " {binding medpic , convert=getSrc} " />
< strong >{{firstname + " " + lastname}} </ strong > , Age : {{age}} from
{{city}} , {{st}}</br>
Contact : {{policeadd}} at {{policenum}} < br />
< br />
</div >
</div >
</ body >
</html >
I 'm using the standard {{token}} syntax as well as one custom syntax with a convert=callback so I can pre-process the data .
The source data feed includes an unfortunate chunk of html , rather than a direct link to a picture .
I need to strip everything after the last equals sign ( = ) in order to get the image src URL .
That method is called getSrc , and the binding looks like :
If this is useful , the next step is to add geolocation .
You can look at http://www.hanselman.com/missingkids404geo.html for the beginnings of a geo-location aware one .
The open issue right now is that the missing kids feed works only in the US , Canada and the UK .
I would need to figure out now to determine the two - letter STATE code from the geolocation API , which does n't provide codes in that way .
Worst case scenario , I 'd have a lookup table of state names to abbreviations .
Enjoy !
Thoughts ?
This is my best phone , let 's hope Google does n't screw up selling it !
Weak sales of Google 's flagship Android phone , the Nexus One , show that Google 's Internet - based direct sales experiment is off to a slow start .
It 's a good thing Google does n't count on selling phones to make its numbers .
But the fact that the Nexus One is a flop is actually bad news for Google 's phone partner , HTC , which does need to sell as many phones as it can to exist as a business .
The Taiwanese company is not only stuck with weak sales for its best Android device .
But adding insult to injury , the Nexus One is a big reason why Apple recently sued HTC for patent infringement .
So , how bad is the Nexus One doing ?
This week , Flurry analytics estimated that Google has sold just 135,000 Nexus
One handsets after 74 days .
That 's weak compared to the rival Motorola Droid , which sold 1.05 million units over the same time period .
The biggest difference between the two phones :
The Droid is being sold through Verizon Wireless , the nation 's biggest wireless carrier , and had been advertised all over TV and on billboards .
Meanwhile , the Nexus One is only being sold through Google 's online store , and advertised by Google on the Web .
Those limitations ( among others ) have helped keep sales low , even though the Nexus One is technically a better phone .
This suggests that HTC could be selling significantly more phones if it had gone through the traditional carrier distribution system instead of through Google 's new online store .
Big picture , this is n't terrible news for Google , which can afford to experiment with this sales model for now .
But it 's lousy for HTC , which is missing out on many potential phone sales .
And it 's a lousy sales pitch for other phone vendors that Google might want to partner with .
Good luck getting other companies to bet their best device on a store that does n't sell any phones .
Do n't Miss : 11 Apple Execs Hellbent On Destroying Google →
Cardinal Rigali of Philadelphia ( right ) , Archbishop Wuerl of Washington , DC ( left ) , Archbishop Dolan of New York and Archbishop Kurtz of Louisville reached out to all of their brother Catholic bishops asking them to spread this document throughout their dioceses and encourage their clergy and faithful to study it and join as signatories .
The Archbishop of Detroit has planned a grassroots effort throughout his archdiocese .
The Bishop of Phoenix has already organized a grassroots effort there .
We are also receiving many reports of evangelical gatherings in a number of areas - and many evangelical pastors referring to the Manhattan Declaration in their sermons .
This bold and exciting movement needs to reach 100 or 200 cities in America .
Why not ?
Can you help ?
We are urging you to encourage your pastors and community leaders to do what these other cities are doing .
Organize ecumenical meetings organized around the Manhattan Declaration ; get other concerned citizens to join the effort .
Get on the internet or phone and ask friends to join you .
Remember how funny it was that Elin Nordegren might have attacked Tiger Woods ?
Well , today in Hilarious Violent Women , our subject is Naomi Campbell — again .
Advertisement
As we noted yesterday , Naomi Campbell stands accused of hitting her driver from behind , leaving him with " bumps and bruises , " and then fleeing the scene .
She 's previously pled guilty not once but twice to assaulting employees with a phone , and was sentenced to 200 hours of community service after she " cursed , kicked and spat at police " at Heathrow Airport .
Here 's how Socialite Life describes Campbell 's latest infraction :
Just when it seemed safe to work for Naomi Campbell again she went and beat up her chauffeur .
The enraged supermodel " slapped and punched him as he drove " and , the move that never goes out of style for Campbell , struck him with her cellie .
This time the staffer was quick to react .
He stopped the car to call 911 and the supermodel jumped out of the car and split !
Now the cops are looking for her and they better be wearing some armored protection because Naomi ain't afraid of no cops .
Advertisement
Even more droll is CBS 's take on the issue , below :
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
From Harry Smith 's amused expression to the phrases " when models attack ! " and " slap - happy supermodel " to the chuckling man-on - the - street at the end of the clip , it 's clear that Naomi Campbell beating up someone in her employ is comedy gold , at least to CBS .
Part of the humor here relies on Campbell 's glam image — CBS shows catwalk clips , Socialite Life depicts her in furs ( Leopold von Sacher - Masoch would approve ) .
The image of the well - dressed lady who flies off the handle is n't original to Campbell — Julie Klausner 's idol Miss Piggy was karate - chopping in stilettos years ago .
Of course , unlike Campbell , Piggy is fictional — laughing at her antics does n't mean laughing at the bruises of an actual person .
Still , her hiiiii - yah 's may illustrate why we do n't take female violence seriously .
Advertisement
Piggy 's cute , for a pig , and more importantly , she 's ultra-feminine .
For her to attack someone is supposed to be funny because ladies do n't hit people — especially not ladies who wear pearls .
And when they do , it 's not real violence — it 's an incongruity , an oddity , much like when female teachers sleep with male students .
Both , when they take place in real life and not Muppet - land , cause actual pain .
But the flipside of the stereotype is that men and boys are n't supposed to feel pain — at least not if it 's inflicted by women .
It 's no surprise that Campbell 's latest victim , 27 - year - old driver Miodrag Mejdina , is n't pressing charges , or that the NYPD wo n't be questioning Campbell — male victims of violent women are encouraged to shrug off their attacks , sometimes by law enforcement indifference .
Back in December , Latoya wrote about calling the police on a woman attacking a man .
" When the cops showed up a few minutes later , " she said , " one of the officers rolled his eyes . "
The media , police , and society all roll our eyes at women 's violence — and ask male victims to do the same .
Latoya also wrote , " it 's worth asking why we sweep violence against women under the rug , and play violence against men for laughs , but are still too afraid to risk confronting any of these issues directly . "
The answer has to do with misogyny — women are too powerless to hurt men , but if they get hurt they must have been asking for it — and misandry — men who get hurt are n't real men .
But it also has to do with our tendency as a society to turn anything we can't deal with into a joke .
Miodrag Mejdina is lucky in one way — he 's likely to make some serious bank from a civil settlement .
But the men assaulted by less - famous women often get neither money nor justice nor sympathy — and they probably do n't find this very funny .
Advertisement
Still Not Safe To Work For Naomi Campbell [ Socialite Life ]
Naomi Campbell Accused Of Punching Driver [ CBS ]
NYC Driver Tells Police Naomi Campbell Hit Him [ AP , via Yahoo News ]
Exclusive : NYPD On Naomi Campbell Attack - " We Have No Intention Of Talking To Her " [ RadarOnline ]
Earlier : SNL Says : Domestic Violence Is Hilarious - When Directed At Men
You ’ve been patient , and for that I thank you .
Now , hopefully you ’ve all tried or bookmarked my recipe for manicotti .
Jennifer over at Last Night ’s Dinner gave them a thumbs up , so go check out what else is on her must - eat list after you ’re done visiting me here .
A couple of weeks ago , I came across a recipe for homemade bouillon over at 101 Cookbooks .
It was brilliant , and Heidi says even she had n’t thought of making it until reading about it in the River Cottage Cookbook .
This turned into an “ a ha ! ” moment for me .
If you love cooking from scratch as much as I do , or simply do it because you want to feed your family healthy , unprocessed food , there is no cure - all .
Most of the basics on store shelves are just a ghost of what they pretend to be .
And you know what , it makes sense .
Those products must be processed to become shelf - stable .
That ’s where the brilliance of homemade bouillon comes into play .
You do n’t have to worry about freezer or fridge space to keep a ton of vegetable stock on hand .
All you need is room to store the one quart of bouillon this recipe makes and you ’ll have 48 quarts of homemade vegetable stock at your beck and call .
Depending on which brand you normally buy , that ’ll shave over $ 150 off your grocery bill in the long run .
It ’ll also leave you with a tastier base for soups , risottos , and even veggie burgers ( I used it to cook lentils for “ burgers ” ) .
It ’s also comforting to sip for a light lunch along with a salad or sandwich .
As Heidi explains , this technique is basically preserving chopped up vegetables with salt — a lot of salt ( we ’ll talk more about that in a bit ) .
I took her cue on some of the ingredients — the sun-dried tomatoes really rounded out the flavor .
While I love fennel and cilantro , I left them out because they are pretty strong and I wanted a more subtle bouillon that would result in a more universal stock , though I suspect hers would be perfect in Mexican and Asian dishes .
I also decided to add some cremini mushrooms , a.k.a. baby bellas , to give it an earthy undertone .
I promise it ’s not too overpowering .
So there you have it .
The second , well really first , baby step in building a creamy tomato soup .
Oh , just make me one promise .
It ’s not a big one , and you ’ll thank me for it .
Let this bouillon sit minimum a few days before you use it so the flavors can develop .
Like my husband whose turning 50 in a few short days , it ’s one of those things that just gets better with age .
And do n’t forget to add skillet parmesan croutons to your menu line - up .
Next time we meet , I ’ll be bringing a recipe to get us all through the next six weeks of winter ( damn you Mr. Groundhog ) .
Print Homemade Vegetable Bouillon makes one quart ( 4 cups )
Yes , this recipe really does need 7 ounces of salt .
Remember , you ’re curing the vegetables , and the salt ensures they do not go rancid .
I ’ve noted to use a measured teaspoon for each cup of prepared bouillon , but if you ’re like me and prefer to dip in with one of your normal serving teaspoons , you will definitely need to add more water .
Play around until you find the right ratio , since all silverware teaspoons are not created equal .
And one last note — I have a monster Cuisinart ( really , it ’s 11 cups ) , so you may need to make this in two batches if you own a smaller food processor .
4 carrots , trimmed , scrubbed & cut into large pieces 3 celery ribs , cut into 1/2 - inch pieces 1 leek , white part only , sliced 1 small onion , peeled & quartered 10 sun -dried tomato halves 1 1/2 cups cremini mushrooms ( caps & stems ) , cleaned & quartered 2 cloves garlic generous handful of fresh parsley , including stems 7 ounces salt 1 teaspoon black peppercorns
Add all ingredients to the bowl of a food processor and pulse until it forms a wet paste and is well combined .
Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator , or separate into smaller portions to store in the freezer .
To use , combine one measured teaspoon with one cup boiling water .
Enlarge File photo Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , right , and his wife Landra Reid attend an event at Ford 's Theater in Washington in 2007 .
WASHINGTON  Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's wife and daughter were hospitalized Thursday after their minivan was rear - ended by a tractor - trailer truck on an interstate in suburban Virginia , authorities said .
Reid 's wife , Landra , 69 , broke her back and neck in the accident , Reid spokesman Jim Manley said .
Mrs. Reid was listed in serious condition at Inova Faifax Hospital in Falls Church , Va. , an aide said , but she was not expected to require surgery .
The couple 's daughter , Lana Barringer , 49 , was expected to be released from the hospital Thursday night , Reid aides said .
" Mrs. Reid has a broken nose , broken back and broken neck .
Lana has a neck injury and facial lacerations .
Both Mrs. Reid and Lana are conscious , can feel their extremities , and according to doctors their injuries are non-life threatening , " Manley said .
Virginia State Police said the Reids were traveling north on Interstate 95 in Fairfax County in stop - and - go traffic when their Honda Odyssey was rear - ended by a tractor - trailer loaded with rolls of plastic .
The impact forced the Reid family 's minivan to hit the vehicle in front of it , which in turn struck a car in an adjacent lane .
The other two drivers were also taken to the hospital with non-life - threatening injuries , police said .
All involved were wearing seat belts , police said .
The driver of the tractor - trailer , Alan Snader , 59 , of Ohio , was charged with reckless driving , police said .
He was not injured .
Manley said the Nevada Democrat went to the hospital after being told of the accident and later returned to Capitol Hill for a meeting with White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on efforts to pass health care legislation .
Reid , 70 , met Landra while they were attending Basic High School in Henderson , Nev . They were married in 1959 .
Lana was born two years later .
The Reids also have four sons : Rory , Leif , Josh and Key .
Both the senator and his son , Rory , are on Nevada 's ballot this year .
The Democratic leader is running for re-election to a fifth term , while his son is running for governor .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
January 25th , 2010 ( 09:02 pm )
Some of you folks may recall that a while ago I mentioned that the curious thing about Piers Anthony , to me , is that while people often dump on Anthony for being weird , skeevy , disturbing , and that sort of thing , nobody doing so ever mentions the stuff that * I* find to be really disturbing .
( And remember , when we say " Piers Anthony " we 're talking about the guy who wrote protoplasmic sex scenes and a story with a dude boinking a mentally retarded woman who was hooked up to a milking machine . )
This is odd as hell , because I remember glancing at the book when it first came out , doing a massive double - take on reading that passage , and thinking , " Holy dogshit , this 'll get him run out of town on a rail . "
Curiously , that never happened .
I 'm referring to TATHAM MOUND , in which Piers Anthony 's hero boinks a ten - year - old girl , using honey for lube .
Thereafter he had the favors of many maidens , some quite young .
In the Castile tribe a girl was not supposed to indulge in sexual activity until she was married , which could be some winters after she was fully developed .
Here she was free to do it the moment her breasts formed , or even somewhat before , if she felt inclined .
Already he had learned enough to know that age was not the criterion ; the will of the maiden was .
A man could not force a woman , unless he was married to her ; he could only do what she wished .
Among them was one who seemed to be hardly ten winters old , and her body was not yet developed .
She had no prior experience .
But she desired the favor of the handsome visitor , and he was obliged to render it .
She alone came to him purely for love ; she was smitten with him , and afraid he would depart before she grew old enough to attract him , so she came now .
It was his first conquest of a genuinely inexperienced girl , and he had the wit to proceed with caution , so that she would not be hurt .
In fact , he moved so slowly that she grabbed his penis impatiently and crammed it into her cleft , which was overflowing with honey .
In her naïveté she had used too much .
Honey squeezed out and got all over everything , but it did make the penetration easier .
He was afraid that it was hurting her even so , but she seemed not to care .
Everything was clumsy .
Evidently he succeeded in initiating her appropriately , despite his misgivings , for the following evening Mouse Pelt returned , and expressed her pleasure with him in a most thoroughgoing manner .
What a difference experience made !
" So am I , dear , " the interviewer murmured , wiping her eyes .
" I wish I had
never done this . "
* * *
The courtroom was quiet as the videotape ended .
The Jury sat stunned .
Several
jaws hung slack .
One jury woman was openly weeping .
No one had anticipated a
story like this .
The Judge refocused his eyes and mopped his brow with a handkerchief .
" Is — is the
Defense ready to proceed ? "
" We are , Your Honor .
We believe that this poignant tape establishes that though the Defendant may be technically guilty of the charge against him , he is not morally guilty .
He did not seek the girl , he did not force his attention on her .
He demurred at every stage , by her own testimony .
It was entirely voluntary on her part .
In fact , they were lovers , in the truest sense , age no barrier .
The law may say he is guilty , but the law is sometimes an ass . "
Several members of the Jury nodded their agreement .
Then he turned to the Jury .
" If there is guilt here , then surely it is that of the father , who set her up by incestuously toying with her .
And of her brother , who practiced sodomy on her with a candle .
Remember , it was to escape that abuse that she first fled and found the Defendant .
The Defendant never hurt her .
He did only what she asked .
He gave her what no other man did .
He loved her .
We may take issue with the manner of the expression of that love , but we can not deny its reality .
She came to him of her own accord , again and again , because what he offered her was so much better than what she received at home .
Her family should be on trial ! "
" Your father wants to have sex with you , but does n't dare , and your brother wants to , but does n't know how . "
" What 's sex ? "
" That 's when a man and a woman — a grown man and grown woman — get together and do it .
Children are n't supposed to .'
She did n't know what he meant .
A look of great perplexity showed on her face .
" What do they do ? "
" They take off their clothes and lie on a bed and , well , they do it . "
" What do they do ?
I do n't understand ! "
" Well , he puts his — I guess you do n't know the words — his thing in her thing . "
" Why ? "
" Because it 's a hell of a lot of fun , kid ! "
" You mean like when Daddy plays with me ? "
" Yes , only more so .
A lot more so . "
" I want to do it ! " she told him .
AUUUUUUGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH .
OH PIERS ANTHONY NO . it has been brought to my attention that this is far from the worst thing Piers Anthony has ever written .
In his novel FIREFLY , Anthony wrote a detailed thrust - by - thrust ( or , to be more precise , wriggle - by - wriggle ) pedophilic sex scene , described by a five - year - old girl , who is depicted as quite literally asking for it .
The five - year - old is being interviewed for the trial of the guy who was molesting her .
She is eidetic and demonstrative , even to the point of having the ( female ) interviewer act out positions .
At the end , the child realizes that her molester is In Major Trouble and starts crying , because she knows that telling the truth has gotten the guy sent up the river .
She says she wishes she 'd never done this , that she 's sorry and such is the depth of her True Love that -- Spoiler : the dude goes to prison anyway .
Incidentally , when the little girl ( who goes by " Nymph " in the story ) tells the molester about her home life , he explains , and that explanation leads into their sex scene .
Thusly : I refuse to transcribe any more of it .
<
( Next up in ' treating corporations as people : ' denying venture capital is now considered abortion . )
Anti-abortion groups are targeting black audiences with the message that abortion is a form of " ethnic cleansing . "
But as many point out , this strategy ignores the real needs of all women .
Advertisement
Responses keep coming in to a New York Times article , originally published Friday , in which writer Shaila Dewan details a multi- pronged effort by anti-abortion advocates to convince black women that the " abortion industry " is racist , based on the fact that black women have a disproportionately high rate of abortion .
Georgia Right to Life has partnered with the Radiance Foundation for a billboard campaign and accompanying website claiming that " Black children are an endangered species . "
A documentary called Maafa 21 , made by a white anti-choice activist , purports to draw parallels between abortion , eugenics , and slavery .
( In 2008 , the enfant terrible of the anti-choice movement , Lila Rose , released yet another embarrassing recording for Planned Parenthood : a caller - actually one of the young men charged with bugging Sen .
Mary Landrieu 's office , and the fake pimp who got ACORN in trouble - says , " You know , we just think , the less black kids out there , the better , " and a Planned Parenthood employee answers , " Understandable , understandable . "
Advertisement
While Lila Rose and Maafa 's creator are white , and Dewan calls Georgia Right to Life 's staff " largely white , " the movement to reframe abortion as genocide is gaining credence among black leaders as well .
In a piece on the issue for the LA Times , Robin Abcarian quotes Martin Luther King Jr's niece Alveda King , who says , " I know for sure that the black community is being targeted by abortionists for the purpose of ethnic cleansing . "
And it 's black abortion foes , says Dewan , who have coined the term " womb lynchings " and mobilized against Planned Parenthood in the wake of Rose 's tape .
So what may seem like a cynical attempt to win over black audiences — which , Dewan notes , had previously been resistant to Georgia Right to Life 's advances — is actually far more complicated .
Loretta Ross of SisterSong , a coalition for minority reproductive health , says black women have good reason to fear eugenics : " There was a eugenics movement , and it did target black people " ( She adds , however , " But when Margaret Sanger first started , it was black women who came to her . " )
And Dewan writes , " the idea that abortion is intended to wipe out blacks may be finding fertile ground in a population that has experienced so much sanctioned prejudice and violence . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
However , many in the black community —
Ross among them — do support abortion rights , a fact Miriam at Feministing and others accuse the Times of downplaying .
While Dewan does mention pre-Sanger support for birth control among black women , she does n't really go into the basic problems with the abortion - as - genocide message .
Luckily , critics identify three big ones :
— It infantilizes black women .
At The American Prospect , Shani Hilton mentions a Georgia bill that " will force abortion providers to prove that they did not solicit women based on the race or sex of the child . "
She writes ,
Both the billboards and the legislation seek to " help " women of color but in a way that presupposes they are targets without autonomy .
By treating these women , particularly black women , as reliant on the goodwill or ill will of others hearkens back to a time when black women truly had no control over childbearing or childrearing .
This strips these women of their agency and circumscribes how they enter the conversation about their own reproductive rights .
Advertisement
By claiming that black women 's abortions are forced on them by an abortion conspiracy , anti-choicers are devaluing women 's ability to make their own choices .
— It assumes that women need fewer reproductive choices , when they really need more .
Advertisement
At Racialicious , Miriam Pérez notes that government , medical practitioners , and even environmentalists have sought to control the reproductive lives of women of color — by forcing them to have fewer children , rather than more .
She chronicles the fight against unwanted sterilization in both Puerto Rico and Los Angeles , and points out that " Women of color within the reproductive rights and justice movement have brought light to the policies [...] that serve the mission of population control within our communities . "
But , she writes , the solution to " population control " is n't a different form of outside control — it 's ceding power to women themselves .
Pérez explains ,
[ W ] hat we know is that reproductive justice is n't just about freedom from coercive sterilization .
It 's also about access to a full range of reproductive technologies , whether that 's birth control , sterilization , abortion or even childbirth . [...]
Latinas and other women of color do n't need to be protected by paternalistic ideologues motivated by a political agenda that disregards the needs of women of color and their families .
So thanks for your concern , anti-choicers , but I think the women of color advocates working within the reproductive justice movement have got it covered .
We 're working in those clinics you attack , we 're helping to shape policies and provide services in our communities , services that allow us to decide what our needs are .
Advertisement
— It focuses on the abortion rate , when the real issue is the rate of unplanned pregnancy .
Jodi Jacobson of RH Reality Check writes that " Rates of unintended pregnancy among African - American women are three times higher than those of whites . "
Why ?
Because " African - American women have less access than do whites to health care overall , and less access to high quality reproductive and sexual health care , including effective contraceptive supplies and information . "
The Georgia Bill Hilton mentions might actually make this problem worse , not better .
Hilton writes about an alternative : a teen pregnancy prevention program that reduced the number of births in a South Carolina high school from one in every seven girls to three in 200 .
She says ,
Expanding programs like this one could even provide better reproductive health for all .
By acknowledging and supporting the autonomy of young , poor women of color — the group most likely to have unplanned pregnancies and abortions — pro-choice activists can fight the structural reproductive injustice that affects all women .
Advertisement
Abcarian quotes Catherine Davis , minority outreach director for Georgia Right to Life , who says , " 18,870,000 black babies have been aborted since Roe vs. Wade .
If those babies had n't been aborted , we would be 59 million strong — over 19 % of the population . "
But perhaps more important than sheer number is whether people of color are truly empowered — and ultimately , a lack of reproductive rights is disempowering .
Black women — indeed , all women — need better access to health care and education , not more people trying to make decisions for them .
To Court Blacks , Foes Of Abortion Make Racial Case [ NYT ]
Antiabortion Activists See A Racial Conspiracy [ LA Times ]
Biased NY Times Article Covers Racist Anti-Choice Campaign [ Feministing ]
Worried About Women Of Color ?
Thanks ,
But No Thanks , Anti-Choicers .
We 've Got It Covered .
[ Racialicious ]
Black Women Don't Need Billboards [ American Prospect ]
New York Times Article On Myth Of " Racial Bias And Abortion " Omits Critical Analyses [ RH Reality Check ]
China has been rapidly expanding its armed forces China has said its military spending will increase by 7.5 % in 2010 , ending a long run of double - digit growth .
It will spend 532.1 bn yuan ( $ 77.9bn : £ 51.7bn ) over the year , the spokesman of the country 's annual parliamentary session announced .
Li Zhaoxing said that , as a proportion of GDP , China still spends less than other countries , such as the US .
Washington has repeatedly urged China to be more open about its rapidly rising military spending .
Speaking at a news conference , Mr Li claimed China was increasing transparency on this issue .
He said the extra money being spent on the military would help it meet various security threats , without specifying what those threats were .
But he added : " The only purpose of China 's limited military strength is to safeguard China 's sovereignty and territorial integrity . "
Better trained According to Chinese figures , this is the first time in more than 20 years that the military budget increase has dipped below 10 % .
ANALYSIS By Michael Bristow , BBC News , Beijing
It is not instantly clear why , for the first time in more than 20 years , China 's annual defence budget increase has fallen below 10 % .
There could be a belt tightening following the world economic slowdown , or China might not want to scare its neighbours with another major increase in spending .
The man who announced this year 's increase , parliamentary spokesman Li Zhaoxing , said China was now more transparent about its military budget .
But he did not shed much light on why the increase was down this year .
And just to show the limits of China 's transparency when it comes to the military , he declined to answer a question about whether the country is developing its first aircraft carrier .
The spending spree began in the late 1980s , when China embarked on an ambitious programme to upgrade its armed forces .
Since then it has bought and produced its own high - tech weapons , and reduced the number of personnel in an attempt to have fewer , but better trained , troops .
Salaries and other benefits for officers and ordinary soldiers have also been improved .
Previous large spending increases could explain the smaller increase this year .
" China has achieved its targets in the past by providing continuous double - digit budget increases , " said Andrew Yang , an expert on China 's military who is now Taiwan 's deputy defence minister .
Many experts believe the actual amount spent by China on its armed forces is far higher than the published amount .
And Washington , among others , worries about what the country 's ultimate goals may be .
In a recently published book , called The China Dream , a senior officer in China 's People 's Liberation Army said the country should aim to build a major military force that could challenge the US this century .
Other officers attending the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) , an advisory body that holds a meeting at the same time as the parliamentary session , rejected that idea .
But the comments underscore the military tension that currently exists between China and , primarily , the United States .
That relationship was not improved when Washington announced earlier this year that it intended to go ahead with the sale of weapons worth $ 6.4bn to Taiwan , a self - governing island that China considers its own .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When the Rage meme was formed , it spawned many side comics .
Â
Today we ’ve got the “ Fuck Yea ” , “ Everything Went better than expected ” , and the “ Close Enough ” which have on their own , become widely popular .
The “ Fuck Yea ” comic is made to describe a situation where everything works in your favor , all while making you look cool . Â
For example :
You ’ve got one hand on your steering wheel , the cruise control is on , and your tunes are cranked … but you ’re coming up on a red light .
Â
The light then changes from red to green before you even have to put your foot on the brake .
Did You Have An Orgasm ?
Epic Beard Man
Accidental Abortion
McDonald ’s Breakfast
You Have Cancer
Bulls Eye , First Try
I Have to Piss But I ’m Powerleveling
Awesome Girl
These Are n’t the Droids You ’re Looking For
Asshole Driver
Emo Douche in Mosh Pit
Bong Time Perfection
Perfect Parking
Megaman
Naked Strut
Clusterfuck of Keys
Full Metal FFFFUUUUUCK
YEA
Popcorn Thief
Last Paper Plate
You ai n’t the Daddy
via 4 chan and reddit
Two weeks ago when Buddy Roark bought a brand - new HTC Eris smartphone from Verizon , his first Android device , it was a big step up from his feature phone .
But it was n't until a few days later that he realized part of his new phone was n't so new after all .
The Eris was running a version of Android that came out almost a year ago , which means many of the newer apps available in the Android Market wo n't work on Roark 's phone .
" I did n’t know that I had an older operating system until I compared it with my friends , " Roark says .
" They said my Android Market looks very different from theirs . "
At the store , Roark had never been told that his HTC Eris has Android 1.5 , nicknamed " Cupcake . "
Until told by a reporter , he had no idea what features he 's missing as a result .
For instance , free turn - by - turn navigation is available in the latest version , Android 2.1 ( " Eclair " ) , but is only available to Cupcake users for $ 10 a month from Verizon .
" I did n't know that , " he says .
" I think I will be pretty disappointed if I can't upgrade to a higher version . "
Like Roark , many Android customers are discovering that their new smartphones do not have the latest version of Google 's mobile operating system .
Despite state - of - the art hardware and design , many new Android phones are shipped with older versions of the firmware , cutting off consumers ' access to newer features and apps that require the most recent versions .
For instance , Motorola 's Backflip , released last week on AT&T , runs Android 1.5 , while the just - launched Devour on Verizon runs Android 1.6 , aka " Donut . "
A slew of new Sony Ericsson phones , set to hit the market in the next few months , will ship with Android 1.6 .
Of the phones that are available today , only Google 's Nexus One has the very latest version , Android 2.1 .
Motorola 's own Droid phone , launched in October , has Android 2.0 .
The profusion of versions is bad enough .
But adding to the confusion is the fact that carriers and handset manufacturers rarely explain which version of the OS their phones have , or what that means .
" I can't figure out why the handset makers are doing this , " says Chris Fagan , an Android developer who owns an app development company called Froogloid .
" I find it very peculiar that they release new phones on older firmware . "
Motorola declined to comment .
Syncing With Google — — — —— —-
Version
Release Date
Notable Features
Phones Still Using It
Android 1.0
November 5 , 2007
Original version
HTC G1 ( upgradeable to version 1.6 )
Android 1.5 " Cupcake "
April 30 , 2009
Video recording and playback , new keyboard with autocomplete , Bluetooth A2DP support , enhanced copy and paste
Motorola Backflip , Motorola Cliq , Samsung Moment , HTC Hero ( upgradeable to 2.1 )
Android 1.6 " Donut "
September 15 , 2009
Improved Android Market , updated Voice Search , enhanced search , speed improvements
Motorola Devour , HTC Tattoo , Sony Xperia X10 ( to be launched in Q2 ) , Sony Ericsson Mini , Sony Ericsson Mini Pro , MyTouch 3G ( limited edition only upgradeable to 2.1 )
Android 2.0 " Eclair "
October 26 , 2009
Revamped user interface , turn - by - turn driving directions , HTML5 support , Microsoft Exchange support , Bluetooth 2.1 , Live Wallpapers , speed improvements
Motorola Droid
Android 2.1 " Eclair "
January 12 , 2010
Minor update with no significant new end - user features
HTC Nexus One
Source : Wikipedia
Smartphone manufacturers have simply not been not able to keep up with Google 's pace .
In the 16 months since the first Android phone hit the market , Google has upgraded the operating system four times .
Meanwhile , it can take more than a year to develop a new smartphone .
Although the core Android operating system itself is free , handset makers need to create the middleware that interfaces between the hardware and the OS .
This middleware layer , called the Board Support Package , or BSP , can take three to five months to create .
The BSP is a set of drivers that initialize processes and bind the OS to the chips .
Handset makers can write the code themselves or outsource it , but development time remains about the same .
Add additional months for integration and testing , and handset makers are inevitably far behind Google 's Android release schedule , says Al Sutton , who runs a company called FunkyAndroid that offers app stores for Android devices .
The exception is when Google handpicks a company to work with it closely on a device – as in the case of the Motorola Droid or HTC Nexus
One – in which case , the chosen handset maker gets an early heads - up about the next upcoming version of Android .
For consumers who unwittingly buy new phones with older versions of the operating system , these out - of - sync development schedules can translate into real differences in the user interface .
" When the firmware went from 1.5 to 1.6 , it changed the way the Android Market looks and works , " says Fagan .
For instance , users of Android phones that run versions 1.5 or earlier , such as the HTC Eris , ca n't see screenshots of apps in the Android Market .
They also do n't have access to some apps that only support the latest version of the operating system .
Take Google 's own app called Gesture Search that was released last week .
Gesture Search , available only on the Android Market , lets users search their phones by just drawing letters on their touch screens .
Gesture Search , though , is only available on Android phones that run OS version 2.0 or 2.1 .
So what happens if you search for the Gesture Search app on the Motorola Backflip , a phone that 's barely a week old but runs Android 1.5 ?
Instead of a notification that the app is not compatible with the OS , the app simply does n't appear in the search results .
Customer Confusion — — — — ——
A Google spokesperson told Wired.com that the idea is make sure only apps compatible with the OS are shown to the user .
But that also makes it difficult for apps to truly go viral .
If you hear your friends talking about Gesture Search , your next step is probably going to be searching for it in the Android Market on your phone .
Unless you know what version of Android you 're running , you 'll have no idea why the app you want does n't show up .
" From the customer - support perspective , this happens almost every single day , " says Froogloid 's Fagan .
" I receive an email from an older Android OS user saying , ' I am having trouble downloading your app and I do n't see it anywhere in the marketplace . ' "
Froogloid 's popular Key Ring app only supports Android versions 1.5 and higher .
Sometimes , putting an older version of the Android OS on the phone is a shrewd marketing decision , says Sutton .
Older versions of the Android operating system allow telecom carriers to charge for features that would be otherwise available for free , like navigation .
Though Motorola and HTC say they will upgrade some of the phones to the latest version of Android , Sutton says consumers should n't assume it will be the case with every phone .
Upgrading the OS consumes resources and many companies do n't want to take that on , he says .
" The larger the company is and larger the installed base of phones , the more time it takes to get out those updates , " says Sutton .
" And nine of out 10 times , when the company has to make a decision on whether they are going to update the firmware or not , they will say they wo n't do it because people already have their product . "
See Also :
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
Gee whiz
Euphemism
Other phrases about :
What 's the meaning of the phrase ' Gee whiz ' ?
An interjection or exclamation of surprise .
What 's the origin of the phrase ' Gee whiz' ?
This little term derived in the USA as a euphemistic shorthand for Jesus ; in other words it is a minced oath .
That original meaning is largely forgotten by those who use it now , who are in any account fewer than before , as it is now sounds rather old - fashioned .
The further shortening of simple gee is still widely used in the USA , although neither version was ever common elsewhere .
' Gee whiz ' - it does n't sound like a euphemism , but it is .
The first record of it appearing in print is from Cody and Arlington 's Life on the Border , 1876 :
" Gee -wees !... I 'll bet one hundred dollars on that hand ! "
The currently accepted spelling was used soon afterwards ; for example , this piece of doggerel from the Pennsylvania newspaper The Warren Ledger , 1883 :
Your search " " did not match any products .
Please try a new search or submit a buying request
Over 200,000 March for Immigration Reform
Created : March 21 , 2010 18:37 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
More than 200,000 people gathered on the National Mall today to participate in March for America , a rally advocating comprehensive immigration reform .
Organized by Reform Immigration for America , the rally brought together groups from around the country — including Service Employees International Union , Midwest Organic and Sustainable Education Service , United Food and Commercial Workers International Union , Democracia Ahora and the Coalition for Human Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles — to send a message to lawmakers : “ The time for immigration reform is now . ”
President Obama delivered a message from the big screens in the crowd in which he assured the demonstrators of his commitment to passing comprehensive immigration reform .
Several lawmakers also spoke at the event , including Rep. Luis Gutierrez ( D - Ill. ) , and several marchers had signs that read , “ Luis Gutierrez for President . ”
Gutierrez , a leading advocate of immigration reform in the House , said , “ If America has a problem it ca n’t solve , it blames immigrants .
We ’ve been patient long enough . … I know how you can get heard in the Capitol .
You raise your voice .
Our day is coming . ”
Reps . Yvette Clark ( D - N.Y. ) , Joe Crowley ( D - N.Y. ) and Michael Honda ( D - Calif . ) — as well the only Latino in the Senate , Sen. Robert Menendez ( D - N.J. ) — were among the other lawmakers who spoke at the rally .
“ It ’s time to put the politics of fear aside , ” said Menendez .
Although a large portion of the rally was geared toward the Spanish - speaking community ( over half of the speakers , in fact , spoke Spanish during their speeches ) , there were organizations and speakers representing Asians and Africans , and many other minority groups participated in the event to show their support .
“ I hope the elected officials will consider comprehensive immigration reform for those who are willing to work and stop deportations , ” said Matu Ahmed , an immigrant from Ghana , who came to the rally from New York City with a group of African community members .
“ You ca n’t take children from families .
This is the time for reform for those children . ”
For Ahmed and many others at the rally , immigration reform is a civil rights issue .
Ahmed believes the White House should be “ humane ” and consider families when proposing reform .
“ We are not criminals .
We want to contribute to the American dream .
We want to be part of the U.S. ”
Today ’s events also included a religious service before the main program with representatives of several religious organizations and a march to RFK Stadium after the program .
There is a God :
Sarah Palin , the former Governor of Alaska , Republican mega-star and Fox News contributor , was quick to fire back at Washington Post blog , The Plum Line , for a report that Palin is at war with conservative radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh .
Sarah Palin spokesperson Meg Stapleton told Fox , " The Washington Post is trying hard to take the pressure off the White House by creating a side controversy , but it is missing the point : as the Governor has said , it does n't matter who says the " r " word : it should no longer be part of our lexicon . "
Limbaugh used the " r " word repeatedly during his daily radio show yesterday .
When the Palin camp was asked for comment by the Washington Post , they replied via e-mail that , “ Governor Palin believes crude and demeaning name calling at the expense of others is disrespectful . ”
Palin officials say that is the same comment they have given reporters for a host of other instances where someone had used the " r " word and they are not singling out Limbaugh .
I thought the president 's little speech today might have been his best , or nearly his best , on the issue of health care reform .
And it was clearly his most combative toward Republicans .
Especially surprising was his blunt challenge to them to vote against the bill , if they think that insurance companies practice should not be regulated :
... most Republicans in Congress believe the answer is to loosen regulations on the insurance industry – whether it ’s state consumer protections or minimum standards for the kind of insurance they can sell .
I disagree with that approach ...
If they truly believe that less regulation would lead to higher quality , more affordable health insurance , then they should vote against the proposal I ’ve put forward " .
Another good moment came at the end of this paragraph , when he actually went off his prepared remarks :
.... Second , my proposal would give uninsured individuals and small business owners the same kind of choice of private health insurance that Members of Congress get for themselves .
Because if it ’s good enough for Members of Congress , it ’s good enough for the people who pay their salaries .
This is an idea that many Republicans have embraced in the past ... BEFORE POLITICS INTRUDED .
And he really did n't bother to put the " president " before " Bush " ( Which is probably meaningless , but made me chuckle ) :
" It has already passed the Senate with a supermajority of sixty votes .
And now it deserves the same kind of up - or - down vote that was cast on welfare reform , the Children ’s Health Insurance Program , COBRA health coverage for the unemployed , and both Bush tax cuts – all of which had to pass Congress with nothing more than a simple majority " .
*
*
*
During his speech , the president made special request from all of us to help get this reform through the final few yards , and leter emailed OFA members , asking the same : Obama and OFA final march for health reform right here .
*
*
*
President Obama is going all in : FIRED -UP PRESIDENT DEMANDS 'UP-OR - DOWN VOTE ' ON HEALTH CARE ....
Watching President Obama 's speech this afternoon on the way forward on health care reform , I noticed something I have n't seen from the always - cool chief executive in a while : real passion .
It was unmistakable -- this president was n't just making the case for reform , he was practically demanding it .
Forget any rumors you may have heard about half - measures or additional compromises .
President Obama is going all in ...
... This was as combative and aggressive as we 've seen the president in a while .
His tone was defiant and unflinching .
He used the word " Republican " 10 times , usually in a negative and critical context .
It 's as if the president was actually sincere about his bipartisan outreach , and felt personally insulted by the Republicans ' games .
If Congress was waiting for the Obama to signal his commitment to getting this done , it 's safe to say the president left no doubts .
*************************************************************************
*
*
*
Some nice news :
*
*
*
Obama lays out Volcker rule specifics for Congress WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) – U.S. banks would be banned from proprietary trading and other large financial firms would face quantitative limits on such activity , according to draft language on the so - called " Volcker rule " from the Obama administration .
The language maintains the toughest components of the proposal first floated in January , despite skepticism from lawmakers and the industry that such restrictions would do little to prevent another financial meltdown like the one that seized markets in 2008 ... ... The legislative language on Wednesday also targets non-banks , saying those financial firms that engage in proprietary trading would face tough consolidated supervision and quantitative limits on their risky activities .
" These proposals are part of a comprehensive package of reforms to create a safer , more resilient financial system , " the draft legislative language said .
*************************************************************************
*
*
*
Solis hints of recess appointment for Craig Becker Labor Secretary Hilda Solis told AFL - CIO officials at their annual meeting Wednesday there will soon be positive news on the long - stalled nomination of union lawyer Craig Becker .
Solis then told reporters the unions will be " very pleased " with how the issue is resolved .
President Barack Obama upset union leaders when he decided not to appoint Becker during a Congressional recess last month .
Union officials now think Obama may act when Congress breaks for Easter .
*************************************************************************
*
*
*
New McClatchy - Ipsos poll : Obama 's approval rating : 53 percent , up 3 points from the end of January .
Four out of five Americans , 80 percent , said that Washington could n't accomplish anything because of fighting between the political parties and branches of the government .
*
Obama 's Gallup numbers today :
52 - 41 .
*************************************************************************<<br>*
*
*
And this is a little gift from Garrison Keillor for those of us who just feels the same :
We have a good guy in the White House , a smart man of judicious temperament and profound ideals , a man with a sweet private life , a man of dignity and good humor , whose enemies , waving their hairy arms and legs , woofing , yelling absurdities , only make him look taller .
Washington , being a company town , feasts on gossip , but I think the Democratic Party , skittish as it is , full of happy blather , somehow has brought forth a champion .
This should please anyone who loves this country , and as for the others , let them chew on carpets and get what nourishment they can .
**************************************************************************
*
*
*
President Barack Obama signs H.R. 4691 , Temporary Extension of U.S. Unemployment Benefits , in his private office in the residence of the White House , March 2 , 2010 .
( Official White House Photo by Pete Souza )
President Barack Obama pauses while speaking about health care reform , Wednesday , March 3 , 2010 , in the East Room of the White House in Washington .
Applauding , from left are , Julie Babich , Dr. Roland Goertz , Barbara Crane , Stephen Hanson , Dr. Renee Jenkins , Christopher Lillis .
( AP Photo / Alex Brandon )
President Barack Obama pauses while speaking about health care reform , Wednesday , March 3 , 2010 , in the East Room of the White House in Washington .
( AP Photo / Alex Brandon )
President Barack Obama shakes hands with Dr. Renee Jenkins , as Christopher Lillis , left , and Stephen Hanson , look on , after speaking about health care reform , Wednesday , March 3 , 2010 , in the East Room of the White House in Washington .
( AP Photo / Alex Brandon )
The audience applauds as President Barack Obama speaks about health care reform , Wednesday , March 3 , 2010 , in the East Room of the White House in Washington .
( AP Photo / Alex Brandon )
President Barack Obama shakes hands with Julie Babich after speaking about health care reform , Wednesday , March 3 , 2010 , in the East Room of the White House in Washington .
( AP Photo / Alex Brandon )
Flanked by healthcare professionals , US President Barack Obama speaks on healthcare reform in the East Room of the White House March 3 , 2010 in Washington , DC ( Getty Images )
President Barack Obama speaks about health care reform during an event in the East Room at the White House on March 3 , 2010 in Washington , DC .
President Obama called on law makers to give his health care package that is before Congress an up or down vote .
( Photo by Mark Wilson / Getty Images )
President Barack Obama speaks about his final strategy for moving forward with health insurance reform in the East Room of the White House in Washington , DC , March 3 , 2010 .
( AUL LOEB / AFP / Getty Images )
Registered nurse Barbara Crane of St. Catherine of Siena Medical Center in Long Island , N.Y. , applauds President Barack Obama as he speaks about health care reform , Wednesday , March 3 , 2010 , in the East Room of the White House in Washington ( AP ) .
President Barack Obama greets healthcare professionals after speaking about his final strategy for moving forward with health insurance reform in the East Room of the White House in Washington , DC , March 3 , 2010 .
( SAUL LOEB / AFP / Getty Images )
President Barack Obama greets members of the audiance after speaking about health care reform during an event in the East Room at the White House on March 3 , 2010 in Washington , DC . ( Mark Wilson / Getty Images )
Today 's strip is a loving homage ( or blatant ripoff , depending on how you look at it ) to Azumanga Daioh , which is probably my favorite manga / anime of all time , and has been a huge influence on QC .
I recommend grabbing a copy of the omnibus and immersing yourself in it , even if you do n't normally like them Japanese - type comic books .
See you tomorrow !
Nawaz Kot , Pakistan ( CNN ) --
" When we got to this compound it was shocking for us , " Lt. Col .
Yusuf tells us , standing in the middle of what the Pakistani military says was a brainwashing center -- for children .
It was here , according to the Pakistani military , that children aged 12 to 18 were turned from innocent youngsters into cold - blooded killers , willing to blow themselves to bits as suicide bombers .
The discovery of the compound was first reported in Pakistani media last month .
Yusuf says his unit took it over after a three day battle with militants .
Part of the compound consists of four rooms -- each wall adorned with brightly colored paintings in clear contrast to the barren and harsh landscape surrounding it .
The children were told that this was what awaited them in heaven .
Each of the images has a river flowing through it .
Some have people playing in the water .
Others have women lining the banks .
The military says that the children are told that these are rivers of milk and honey , that the women are the virgins that await them in heaven .
That the children were told that they will live in the company of the holy prophet and be served feasts .
One has a home similar to the mud homes in the area which the military says is meant to invoke memories of where the children are from but with a beautiful mountainous green backdrop .
Written across it are the words " Long live the Taliban of the mountains . "
The images may appear simple .
But for the children from this part of Pakistan they are captivating .
They grow up in abject poverty surrounded by dirt - colored mountains with treacherous gullies and valleys with no exposure to the outside world .
They are gullible and easily manipulated .
" I have never seen such elaborate paintings about so - called heaven , " Taliban expert Zahid Hussein says , looking at the images .
He has seen similar tactics in the past and spoken extensively with would - be child suicide bombers in the custody of the authorities .
" They [ the militants ] say life is a waste here and if you do a good thing you will go to heaven , immediately to heaven .
For someone who does not have anything to look forward to , who does not have any opportunities and is living a wretched life , this sort of thing comes as a big incentive , " Hussein explains .
He says the children end up believing that their life in this world is worthless , that life only starts in the hereafter .
The Taliban is offering them a fast track option to paradise , a longed for escape from their daily reality surrounded by violence .
Nawaz Kot was once a Taliban stronghold .
" The militants were mostly hidden away in bunkers .
The tactic they would use was long - range sniping and IEDs ( improvised explosive device ) on the road , " Brigadier Sarfraz Satter explains as we bump along the road just outside of his brigade 's base in South Waziristan on our way to the training center .
" They [ the militants ] had all those positions up there . "
He points to the mountaintops in clear sight of his headquarters .
When the military launched its operation to take these lands back , he says they knew that the compound was a training center , that perhaps children were involved .
What they did n't realize was the sheer level of indoctrination .
The children were from the local area .
He says the parents would send them thinking they were getting an education and , more importantly , free food .
" But they do n't know what kind of religious education their child is being put through . "
Satter says , acknowledging that for the next phase of operations to succeed , there has to be a focus on education .
" When we start our rehabilitation , we have to reopen schools to stop them [ the parents ] from sending their children into the wrong hands . "
The military says that the compound could house some 200-300 children .
The Pakistani military believes it was in full use until the summer when they bombed it .
Since then they say that numbers had dwindled although they are not sure how recently children were staying there .
But for the children that have already passed through the compound , it 's likely too late .
" The pamphlets we found tell us they were trained in weapons handling , preparing of suicide jackets and ambush tactics , " Lt. Col .
Yusuf says .
" These terrorists keep the children at the frontline , and most of the casualties have been children when they [ the terrorists ] are attacking the posts .
" They say to them , ' Look your sacrifice will not be wasted , ' and so he [ the child ] is mentally prepared to do whatever they want him to do , ' expert Zahid Hussein further explains .
He says it 's a complete distortion of Islam , but one that the children fervently believe .
" They are also led to believe that the Muslims who are killed in suicide bombings , they will go to heaven as well .
So that is a very powerful instrument of brainwashing , " he adds .
The Taliban says that this particular compound is not one of theirs .
But they say that they are actively training children from Pakistan , Afghanistan , Central Asia and the Middle East to be suicide bombers .
As Pakistan tries to cope with an ever increasing wave of suicide bombing , a chilling statistic is coming to light .
" Almost 90 percent of suicide bombers , if you look at their profile , are 12 to 18 years old , " Hussein says .
The war on terror expert says there also needs to be a war on poverty and a commitment to providing education and opportunity so that children in the future wo n't be turned into murderers , thinking that suicide and death are their only escape from a hopeless life .
Chip maker Marvell wants to get into the tablet business and it is showing a prototype that will offer web access and high - definition content at a price that would beat the competition by a wide margin .
The prototoype tablet , called Moby , is targeted mainly at students who may be looking for a digital device that could give them access to books and the internet , and could also act as a music player .
The Moby tablet will be powered by Marvell 's ARMADA 600 series of application processors .
These chips can offer gigahertz - class speed , says the company .
The device will also bring 1080 p full - HD capability , Wi-Fi , Bluetooth , and GPS connectivity and FM radio .
Marvell has n't disclosed detailed technical specifications for the device .
Marvell is no stranger to offering visions of fantastic gadgets at low , low prices .
Last year , it showed a $ 100 computer inside a wall plug and has tried to popularize the idea of plug computers that would draw just about 5W of power , come with a 1.2 - GHz CPU , a USB port and internet connectivity .
Meanwhile , tablets have become all the rage this year .
Apple 's iPad will be the first to hit the market on April 3 .
Other PC makers including HP , Dell and Samsung have also said they plan to release tablets for consumers .
The $ 100 Moby will support full Adobe Flash and could run either Android or the Windows Phone 7 operating system .
As intriguing as it is , Moby is just a reference design at this point .
Marvell has n't said if it will manufacture the tablet itself or partner with companies who want to take the design and produce it .
Either way , the Moby will be available by the end of the year , says Marvell .
Marvell says it plans to announce a pilot program with the District of Columbia Public School system so students in the system can try out the Moby .
See Also :
Photo : Moby reference design ( Harry McCracken / Technologizer )
' ' I do n't want to go to a government office to do a government thing .
It should all be online .
That saves time for people and it saves money for the Government - the processing of a piece of paper and mailing it back costs many times more than it costs to process something electronically , '' he told the newspaper .
But Petty Officer Stahlschmidt , nicknamed the “ Little Frenchman ” by the French dock workers who knew him , chose to disobey the orders and instead exploded the bunker itself , killing as many as 50 Nazi soldiers .
Image A World War II hero : Henri Salmide in Bordeaux , France .
Credit ...
Olivier Morin / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images , 1994
Wanted by both the Gestapo and the French authorities , Mr. Salmide hid with a French Resistance family in Bordeaux .
After the war he married a French woman , Henriette Buisson , and was naturalized as Henri Salmide .
“ I acted according to my Christian conscience , ” Mr. Salmide told Reuters in an interview in 1997 .
“ I could not accept that the port of Bordeaux be wantonly destroyed when the war was clearly lost . ”
Heinz Stahlschmidt was born on Nov. 13 , 1919 , to a German plumber and his wife in the western German city of Dortmund .
After World War II , he was considered by many Germans to have been a traitor .
He worked as a firefighter in Bordeaux but struggled to win recognition in France as well .
“ No one wanted to admit that he had done it , ” Mrs. Salmide said in a telephone interview .
“ If he had been French , it would have been easier for him . ”
She is his only immediate survivor .
Posted Feb 26 , 2010
SQL Server Column Considerations and Column Placement
By Gregory A. Larsen
Determining which columns to select for your indexes is critical .
Having a little knowledge of how your application is using your database columns and how SQL Server processes indexes helps you make good decisions when you create your indexes .
In my last two articles ( Database Indexing Development Lifecycle ... Say What ? & The Dos and Don'ts of Database Indexing ) I talking about indexing guidelines .
In this article , I will be discussing some additional considerations you should think about when building your indexes .
Column Considerations
All indexes are made up of one of more columns .
To make sure you build indexes that are useful and efficient you want to use some guidelines when selecting your index columns .
If you choose inappropriate columns , or order your index column incorrectly , you might not get the most efficient indexes .
One of the first things to think about is unique indexes .
A unique index is an index where the key column or set of columns uniquely identifies a single row in a table .
Unique indexes provide the database engine the clue that no two rows will have the same index value .
This information can be used by the database engine when it processes through an index to reduce the amount of work that the engine needs to perform when traversing an index b- tree structure , for example if you are searching for all rows that have a value less than or equal to a specific unique key value .
SQL
Server knows it can just read the leaf pages of the index until it hits the unique value for your searching condition .
Therefore , if you are going to create a non-clustered index on a column or set of columns that uniquely identify a record then make this key unique .
By doing this you will minimize the amount of processing that SQL Server needs to perform for some search conditions .
When you build multi-column indexes on a table do not place more columns then are necessary in the index .
If you have a multi- column index do not add more columns than required too uniquely identify each row .
If you add additional columns they do not provide any additional value to an index , and they just make your index larger than it needs to be .
If the only reason you are adding these extra columns is to create a covering index , then just put the extra columns into the INCLUDE clause of the index .
By doing this , those covering index columns are only stored in the leaf pages , so you can minimize the amount of space your index takes up .
This also reduces the amount of space to process these indexes .
You should consider using columns in your index that are highly selective .
A highly selective column is a column , which has a value that is only contained in a small set of rows .
For instance , if we think of two different column values associated with a Person , like SexCode and BirthDate , a SexCode value of “ F ” would on average be associated with 50 % of the rows in the person table , whereas a value for the BirthData column would most like represent a very small percentage of the rows in the Person table .
Therefore , the BirthDate column is more selective than the SexCode column .
Having highly selective column values as index columns allows the SQL Server engine too quickly reduce large amounts of the index b- tree when searching for specific values of columns , thus reducing the number of I / Os and the amount of time it takes to search an index .
When you have multi-column indexes , the order of the columns is important .
You should place your columns in order based on selectivity .
The first column of your multi-column index should be the most selective column , followed in order by the next most selective column and so forth .
Where to Place Equality and Inequality Columns
What are Equality and Inequality Columns anyway ?
A column is identified as an Equality or Inequality column depending on how the column is used in a WHERE or JOIN predicate .
When a column is used in a conditional operation like this :
... MyColumn = ‘ ABC ’...
It is known as an Equality column .
Here the column named “ MyColumn ” is being compared to the string “ ABC ” using the equal ( = ) operator .
This is why in this case “ MyColumn ” is considered an Equality column .
If a column was used like this :
... MyColumn >= ‘ ABC ’ ...
Then it is known as an Inequality column .
Here “ MyColumn ” is being compared to the string “ ABC ” , but the operator is not the equal sign , but is using the greater than or equal sign ( > = ) .
The greater than or equal operator makes MyColumn an Inequality column .
Also if a column is used with any operator other than the equal sign ( = ) , meaning it is using <> , > , < , <= , etc ... then it is considered to be an Inequality column .
When creating a multi-column index it is important to make sure you place equality columns first in your index , prior to inequality columns .
This is because the optimizer stops an index seek operation on your index after finding the first inequality column used in your TSQL statement .
If you place all the equality columns first in your index , SQL Server can more efficiently perform an index seek operation and allows SQL Server to perform less I/O .
Here is some code that you can run to test using Inequality and Equality columns in different orders within an index :
USE AdventureWorks ; GO CREATE NONCLUSTERED INDEX Inequality_IDX on Person .
Contact ( Title , LastName ) ; CREATE NONCLUSTERED INDEX Equality_IDX on Person .
Contact ( LastName , Title ) ; GO SET STATISTICS IO ON ; SELECT * FROM Person .
Contact WITH ( INDEX ( Inequality_IDX ) ) WHERE Title <> ' Mr. ' and LastName = ' Adams ' ; SELECT * FROM Person .
Contact WITH ( INDEX ( Equality_IDX ) ) WHERE Title <> ' Mr. ' and LastName = ' Adams ' ; SET STATISTICS IO OFF ; DROP INDEX Person .
Contact .Equality_IDX ; DROP INDEX Person.Contact.Inequality_IDX ;
If you run this code and then review the I / Os used you will see when the Inequality_IDX index is used , meaning the first column in the index is an Inequality column , it consumes more I/O .
In my case the first SELECT statement , which used the Inequality_IDX index , used 11 I / O ’s verses eight when the Equality_IDX was used .
Note that the Inequality_IDX has the inequality column first in the index .
You can also look at the execution plans for these two different queries and identify the different ways the index SEEK operation is performed against the index .
The query that has the inequality column first ( Title ) in the non-clustered index only performs the “ Seek Predicate ” using the Title column , and requires an extra “ Predicate ” operation on the LastName column .
Whereas , the query that has the equality column first is able to use both the Title and LastName in the “ Seek Predicates ” operation , and this does not require a “ Predicate ” operation .
This is why the second query performed less I /O operations .
Below I have included part of the output of the SEEK operation of the execution plan from the first and second query .
Note how the first query has a “ Predicate ” operation at the top , where as the second one does not .
Also if you look at the “ Seek Predicates ” output you will see that only the “ Title ” column was used in the first query , whereas the second query was able to use both columns .
Output from the first query :
Output from the second query :
If you think about why SQL Server needs to perform the extra “ Predicate ” operation on the first one it make perfect sense .
When the equality columns are first in the index , SQL Server is able to take equality column values and just search down the upper index pages to find the location of those values and then it can continue seeking on the inequality value because it knows the indexes at this point will be ordered by the inequality column .
However , when the inequality column is first in the index , SQL server is only able to search the upper index pages until it finds the value that meets your inequality value .
After finding the inequality value , it can not be sure that index is order by the equality column after that .
Most likely it is not since it is highly likely that there will be multiple values for the equality columns in most situations .
Because of this , SQL Server needs to return all the values for the equality columns that meet the inequality operation then use the “ Predicate ” operation to select the rows that actually match the equality column value specified in your query .
This is why having the inequality columns first requires more I /O operations .
Selecting and Placing Columns Is Important
Determining which columns to select for your indexes is critical .
If you select the correct ones your application performance is excellent , but when you select the incorrect ones your indexes are very inefficient for resolving your queries .
You also need to place your columns within your multi-column indexes based on whether they are used in equality or inequality operations .
Having a little knowledge of how your application is using your database columns and how SQL Server processes indexes helps you make good decisions when you create your indexes .
» See All Articles by Columnist Gregory A. Larsen
Steam , the PC gaming platform from Valve Software , will be coming to Mac systems in April , while one of the company 's most anticipated forthcoming titles , Portal 2 , will also be available for Apple machines in the fall .
Update : Later Monday , Valve officially confirmed Steam for Mac would arrive in April .
According to TUAW , the April 2010 edition of GameInformer magazine reveals that Valve intends to start a beta of Steam for Mac in the spring , while a full release of the program has been " targeted for May . "
In addition , the article revealed that Windows users who already have a Steam account will be able to re-download games using their existing keys on the Mac .
If true , that means PC users could easily migrate to the Mac and play their favorite Valve games — including Half - Life 2 , Team Fortress 2 and Left 4 Dead 2 — without having to buy them again for a new platform .
Steam is a cloud - based service that integrates game purchasing and a friend system in one all - encompassing application .
By logging in to a Steam account , users can currently download the games they have purchased to any Windows - based computer .
But in the future , it would seem , that functionality will be cross-platform , for both Mac and PC .
Last week , Valve began a teaser campaign for the coming release of Steam for Mac .
The images released paid homage to Apple 's iconic " 1984 " TV ad , the " Think Different " campaign , the " Get a Mac " campaign and more .
Prior to that , users discovered Mac OS X specific files hidden in the latest beta version of Steam for Windows .
In 2007 , Valve co-founder Gabe Newell said that there was " no evidence " that Apple had interest in helping developers to bring their games to the Mac .
He also noted that he believes the lack of support for games has held Apple back in the consumer space .
But Apple has found great success with games on the iPhone , even making an impact on major players in the portable space like Nintendo .
With more than 140,000 applications available for the App Store , a significant number of them are games for the iPhone and iPod touch .
So far , the LHC has been spending its time ramming protons together , leaving Brookhaven 's Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider ( RHIC ) the king of the hill when it comes to smashing larger atomic nuclei .
When the nuclei of gold atoms collide within RHIC , their components dissolve into a high - energy state called a quark - gluon plasma ( the LHC will eventually smash lead atoms to similar effect ) .
A paper in today 's Science describes some of the more exotic items that briefly emerge from the wreckage : the antiparticle equivalent of Deuterium , with strange quarks replacing some of the more familiar ones .
The paper itself is a mindbending trip through families of particles that are similar to our familiar protons and neutrons ( termed nucleons ) , but have at least one of their quarks replaced by a heavier , strange version , resulting in what 's termed a hyperon ( four of these , Λ , Σ , Ξ , and Ω , have been observed ) .
In the brief periods that the quark - gluon plasma exists , particles and antiparticles are equally probable , leading to a large collection of heavy and light nuclei and anti-nuclei .
It also leads to some fantastic sentences , like the following : " Hypernuclei bring a third dimension into play , based on the strangeness quantum number of the nucleus , thus allowing the territory of antinuclei with nonzero strangeness . "
The paper focuses on the hypertritons , atomic nuclei that consist of a proton , a neutron , and a Λ hyperon .
RHIC has now produced around 200 hypertritons / antihypertritons , which survive for a couple hundred picoseconds .
That 's enough to determine that they are probably being formed in the same way a standard atomic nucleus is , by the condensation of their component nucleons and hyperons .
In fact , they were formed in similar numbers to their less - strange equivalents , 3He and its antiparticle equivalent .
The authors take that as an indication that , at the energies produced by RHIC , strange quarks are present in equivalent numbers to their more mundane counterparts , meaning that further collisions will provide us some indication of their binding interactions , which may help shape the interior of neutron stars .
So , they 're gearing up to go for another round of collisions that will produce an order of magnitude more of these ( literally ) strange nuclei .
Science , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1183980
Last October , Robert Wexler retired from his duties as a US Representative from Florida ’s 19th Congressional District .
After a special primary in January , a special election is scheduled for April 13th .
According to media reports out of Florida , all three candidates ( Democrat , Independent , and even the Republican ) all said they would support medical marijuana in Florida ( click here ) .
Here is a quote from each candidate :
“ It ’s called medical marijuana .
I do n’t have a problem with it , ” said the Republican candidate Ed Lynch .
“ I would say if it can help eliminate the pain , why are n’t we doing it ?
It ’s not hurting anyone .
It ’s medical marijuana , ” said Independent candidate Jim McCormick .
The candidate for the Democrats , Ted Deutch , said “ Medical marijuana , if it helps to reduce suffering , absolutely is something that we ought to consider . ”
People can take these quotes with a grain of salt of course .
I have heard politicians say anything just to get votes .
But it ’s not every day that federal level candidates will go on record and say that they would support medical marijuana .
It ’s encouragement to keep up the momentum in Florida .
Although the signature drive for a medical marijuana initiative did not meet the February 1st deadline , people are still hitting the pavement for signatures for the 2012 ballot .
All signatures gathered are valid for four years , so do n’t worry if you have already provided your signature , it is still valid even thought the deadline for 2010 has passed .
If you want to provide your signature , or even better , get involved , here are some great places to get started :
People United for Medical Marijuana — Florida ( click here )
Americans for Safe Access — Florida ( click here )
Marijuana Policy Project — Florida ( click here )
The National Organizaiton for the Reform of Marijuana Laws — Florida ( click here )
Twice , actually .
Admittedly for about seven minutes in total .
But it still counts as the first intrusion in 15 years .
Here 's how I assumed various guises , bypassed half a dozen checkpoints , and ended up making chitchat with Rupert Murdoch .
To shamelessly self - promote for a moment , the Vanity Fair party has only been gatecrashed once , at least according to ex-VF staffer Toby Young :
In 1996 , a reporter for Star magazine brought a pig on a leash and claimed it was the same animal that had played Babe .
But that was 15 years ago , and security measures have been stepped up since then .
This year it was rumored that , in addition to the scores of regular security guards and bomb - sniffing dogs , there were undercover ex-CIA agents on hand to keep the A - listers safe and the riffraff out .
( It 's possible .
The security people scared the crap out of me . )
Sadly , I did n't get to experience much of it .
I spent about seven minutes inside the party over the course of a nine - hour ordeal .
To prepare for what 's often described as the most exclusive party on the planet , the police closed down a lane of Sunset Boulevard .
Only those with official passes were allowed to drive up to the Sunset Tower Hotel ( which is where the party was held ) .
The initial three or four checkpoints were manned by cops .
I counted four or five different Vanity Fair checkpoints on top of that , as guests wended their way across the red carpet .
The cops blocked off all the surrounding streets , too : the rented Gawkermobile was towed when we parked nearby .
Inside the hotel — and all around it — were at least 50 plainclothes guards , each with an earpiece and wrist radio .
They were stationed at every vulnerable point and tracked every person who walked in the building .
But .
The security is only put in place at around 5 pm .
Which is why , at 3 pm , I walked up to the door and told the one guard that I was there to meet someone in the lobby .
I then stole a Vanity Fair - branded umbrella and told the concierge that I had to deliver it immediately to someone in the party area .
He believed me , against all odds .
Inside a translucent marquee stretched out over acres of cream suede couches .
" VANITY FAIR " was spelled out in 15 foot letters on a hedge that towered overhead .
But the place was empty .
I just had to find somewhere to hide .
Then a hand landed on my shoulder .
The guard was muscled , moved like a soldier , and displayed the menacing courtesy of someone who knows he can kill you with a spoon .
Luckily , he got distracted by messages on his earpiece for a moment and he let me go .
I walked into another party room , which was laid out for dinner .
This picture , below , sucks because I was immediately kicked out again by another guard who had apparently seen me move from room to room .
What followed were endless hours hiding in the hotel 's stairwells .
That garnered these pictures of the red carpet and the marquee .
Because there was nothing else to do except count the tiles and text people .
At around 10 pm I decided to venture out and check the staff area for opportunities .
I found two passes lying abandoned on a table — one expired red pass for now - departed construction workers , and the other that belonged to some dude .
( These pictures were taken in the staff bathroom , by the way . )
My dilemma was that I looked nothing whatsoever like Johnny Darakdjian , the man who was unfortunate enough to leave his credentials lying around .
So I decided to use the expired red pass and pretend I was checking in on something .
I stepped out of the elevator around 11:30 pm and noticed Anjelica Huston sprawled on a couch talking to a younger man .
" Reeeaaaly ? " she intoned coyly to her companion as I sailed past her and she turned to look at me , arching an eyebrow .
Later , Rupert Murdoch told me he liked the hamburgers Graydon served up ( not personally ) , from In - N - Out burger .
When he asked who I was working for and I told him Gawker , he immediately explained that he did n't talk to the likes of us .
Captain Chesley Sullenberger was more hospitable .
He , too , was a fan of the burgers , and he also said that all the stars were " so nice . "
But I really did n't get to experience much of it .
Crash number two did n't last long .
" Excuse me sir , can I help you ? " a smart , polite and very large man inquired .
" I was asked to go and check something inside . "
" But this pass is no longer valid . "
" Ah .
Well , my other one is upstairs .
I 'll just go grab it . "
I actually went downstairs to try and steal another pass with a more plausible picture on it .
This time they were waiting for me .
" You , " said a short , efficient - looking man in his 30s with a fresh buzzcut .
" Show me that pass . "
He examined it , and turned to a colleague .
" You 're done .
Follow me . "
They escorted me from the building , onto the street .
I was walking away when buzzcut came after me again , wielding the pass .
" Where did you get this ? "
" I found it . "
" Did you pay for it ? "
" No . "
" Did someone give it to you ? "
" No . "
" Are you lying to me ? "
" No . "
" Right .
Get the out of here .
Now . "
He turned to his right and caught sight of a man , who I realized as I walked away was the very Johnny Darakdjian whose pass I 'd stolen .
" You ! " buzzcut shouted .
" You 're done .
Get the hell out of here .
You 're done .
You sell this ? "
He held up the pass .
" No !
I did n't !
I did n't ! "
" Get out of my sight . "
Johnny continued to protest as I broke into a run around the corner .
Coincidentally , I ended up bumping into Kevin , the homeless guy who 's been around Hollywood trying to turn Oscar weekend into cash .
I asked him how it was going .
" Shitty .
All these millionaires and I got nothing . "
I tried to walk up the street but the LA Sheriff 's department had apparently been told about me .
" You 're not going anywhere .
But have a nice fucking day . "
The reconciliation proposal and H.R. 3590 would maintain and put into effect a number of policies that might be difficult to sustain over a long period of time .
Under current law , payment rates for physicians ’ services in Medicare would be reduced by about 21 percent in 2010 and then decline further in subsequent years ; the proposal makes no changes to those provisions .
At the same time , the legislation includes a number of provisions that would constrain payment rates for other providers of Medicare services .
In particular , increases in payment rates for many providers would be held below the rate of inflation ( in expectation of ongoing productivity improvements in the delivery of health care ) .
The projected longer - term savings for the legislation also reflect an assumption that the Independent Payment Advisory Board established by H.R. 3590 would be fairly effective in reducing costs beyond the reductions that would be achieved by other aspects of the legislation .
It looks like Overwatch was accidentally given away for free on PC
News
The entry form was supposed to run until January , but was shut down in a few hours " due to high demand "
It 's not the full thing , it does n't fly on anti-gravity engines , and it does n't include lots of wookie hair , but I definitely like this 11 by 8 - inch Millennium Falcon released at Toy Fair .
Why ?
Because the damn thing FLIES .
Advertisement
The remote - controlled Falcon comes with a charging controller , all for $ 50 .
Users of pirated copies of Windows take heed : you should stay current on all Microsoft security patches just like everybody else .
Microsoft has long had a policy of giving Windows pirates a free pass to download security patches .
Yet many of the tens of millions of Windows pirates worldwide may not be aware of this policy , nor trust that Microsoft wo n't try to somehow penalize them , says Chester Wisniewski , security analyst at Sophos .
" I preach that users should trust Redmond for their word on this one , and that infected pirated copies of Windows are not doing anyone any good , especially Microsoft , " says Wisniewski .
" It hurts their reputation and , piracy or not , people should feel obligated to do their part for a safer Internet . "
This is especially true in the wake of the Google - China affair .
Attackers used a freshly discovered security hole in Windows Internet Explorer to hack into Google and dozens of other tech , financial and media corporations .
Microsoft has since issued an emergency patch .
But if tens of millions PC owners who are using pirated copies of Windows never patch that will make it easier for similar attacks to proliferate , security experts say .
Meanwhile , Steve Ragan , security editor at The Tech Herald , has conducted an extensive examination of how Google and the other corporations got breached via the Windows IE flaw .
Ragan 's bottom line : there 's more circumstantial evidence pointing to a conventional attack by profit - minded data thieves , than to a Chinese - government - backed operation .
Either way , it is more important than ever for all PC users , including Windows pirates , to stay current on their security patches , security experts say .
Microsoft spokesperson Jill Lovato supplied these written answers to Technology Live 's questions about Microsoft 's patch amnesty program .
TL : What percentage of Windows users worldwide are using pirated copies of Windows ?
Microsoft : Our research shows that up to a third of customers worldwide may be running counterfeit copies of Windows .
TL : Can you confirm the estimate that 90 % of Chinese PC owners use pirated copies of Windows ?
Microsoft :
We do n't provide numbers broken down by region ; as our research indicates , the total number worldwide is up to one third , so piracy is clearly a serious global problem .
TL : When did Microsoft begin making security patches available to users of pirated copies of Windows ?
Microsoft :
We 've always made security updates available to all customers .
Making security updates more broadly available helps to prevent the spread of malware and to fight cyber crime .
TL : How do users of pirated copies of Windows go about getting security patches ?
Microsoft : Customers with non-genuine copies of Windows receive updates through Windows Update or the Download Center , just like other customers .
TL : How many users of pirated copies of Windows stay current on their security patches ?
Is it less than 10 % .
Less than 5 % ?
Microsoft :
We do n't have specific numbers to share on this topic .
TL : What assurance do Windows pirates have that Microsoft wo n't try to somehow penalize them when they download security patches ?
Microsoft :
We like to work with customers who have non-genuine copies of Windows , and at the same time work to improve the overall health of the Internet by fighting malware .
We will continue this path of constructive engagement with our customers .
By Byron Acohido
from Reuters ,
The National Hockey League on Friday sued former Phoenix Coyotes owner Jerry Moyes , seeking to recover more than $ 61 million over the trucking magnate ’s management of the struggling franchise … .
The NHL filed its lawsuit with the New York State Supreme Court in Manhattan , where the league is based .
It accused Moyes of violating an agreement he had entered with the league by refusing to fund the Coyotes ’ obligations ; secretly entering sale talks with Balsillie , who hoped to move the team to Hamilton , Ontario ; and filing a bankruptcy petition to accomplish that sale without league approval .
According to the complaint , the NHL is seeking $ 30 million for violations of the agreement , $ 10 million for aiding and abetting violations of the Coyotes ’ fiduciary duty to the league , $ 10 million of punitive damages , and $ 11.6 million to cover amounts that the NHL paid to Coyotes creditors .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 March 19
The Seagull and the Duck
Image Credit & Copyright : Rogelio Bernal Andreo ( Deep Sky Colors )
Explanation : Seen as a seagull and a duck , these nebulae are not the only cosmic clouds to evoke images of flight .
But both are winging their way across this broad celestial landscape , spanning almost 7 degrees across planet Earth 's night sky toward the constellation Canis Major .
The expansive Seagull ( upper left ) is itself composed of two major cataloged emission nebulae .
Brighter NGC 2327 forms the head with the more diffuse IC 2177 as the wings and body .
Impressively , the Seagull 's wingspan would correspond to about 250 light - years at an estimated distance of 3,800 light - years .
At the lower right , the Duck appears much more compact and would span only about 50 light - years given its 15,000 light - year distance estimate .
Blown by energetic winds from an extremely massive , hot star near its center , the Duck nebula is cataloged as NGC 2359 .
Of course , the Duck 's thick body and winged appendages also lend it a more dramatic popular moniker -- Thor 's Helmet .
__Darkthrone Interview
__
Photo by Fenriz
With its corpse paint , candelabra , upside down crosses , and a face of howling anguish , the cover of Darkthrone 's 1994 album , Transilvanian Hunger , is as iconic an image as any in black metal .
What 's more , Transilvanian Hunger is one in a string of early 1990s albums by the Norwegian band that helped define the classic second wave of black metal .
A blitz of overloaded microphones and underwhelming production , it still sounds as mean as almost anything by any band in the genre in the last 15 years .
But Darkthrone has n't sounded like that in a long time :
Now just the project of Nocturno Culto and Fenriz ( familiar for many more these days thanks to his leading role in the excellent documentary Until the Light Takes Us ) , Darkthrone are more of a crusty punk band now .
Several weeks before the release of Circle the Wagons , Darkthrone 's latest and best effort as a crossover punk band to date , we caught up with Fenriz via e-mail .
With references to Napoleon Dynamite and Mr. T , he talked about the band 's new music and what he thinks of those who wish Darkthrone sounded the same as it ever did .
Darkthrone : " Eyes Burst at Dawn "
Eyes Burst At Dawn by Darkthrone
__
Pitchfork : __
The Frostland Tapes makes it clear that Darkthrone were n't always black metal , with its elements of doom and death metal and , to a point , punk and stoner rock .
Yet people still seem surprised at the current crossover / punk - and - metal direction of the band .
What 's your reaction to their surprise ?
Fenriz :
My reaction to this question is yes yes yes .
Someone finally noticed !
Actually , a lot of people know all this , but the ones who asked -- the wannabe 90s followers -- they seem to be , in spite of otherwise pimply WWW skills , unable to gather this piece of info :
That we , before going into more black metal style in 1991 , had been playing since 1987 , and had recorded six entities of music !!!
To quote the immortal Napoleon Dynamite , " Gosh ! "
Pitchfork : Instead of just staying true to a black metal ideal and sound , like Immortal , Darkthrone keeps pushing to new places .
How important has it been for you to evolve Darkthrone through the years ?
Fenriz : Not important .
What is important is " to follow your bliss " ( B - 52 's quote ) and do what you must .
There is a direction .
The road is more important than the goal .
We knew that by heart , so we never had a goal at all , other than getting a record deal , but that was in the 80s .
Undoubtedly , Immortal changed as well , as do all .
However , there are exceptions to any rule .
Some bands never stop ... sucking .
Haha .
Other bands that tried to always sound the same simply imploded ( Ramones et al . ) .
How the folly of man strikes , trying to defy nature .
NATURE IS CHANGE .
Pitchfork :
What song is the most interesting to you on Circle the Wagons ?
That is , which feels the most fresh to you ?
Fenriz : I seldom speak on songs , as in when people ask me for fave songs .
I really have only fave parts .
I 'd say that the title track points in the direction of my new stuff for the next album , I should think .
But I never know .
Suddenly my new song that I am currently writing took on a way more epic proportion than I 've had for ages , being also more NWOBHM than speed metal or metal punk .
The one already recorded on my behalf is heavy / NWOBHM speed metal , too , only clear vocals , etc .
Ted has a rougher song recorded .
I 'd say the final riff of " Stylized Corse " is very fresh Darkthrone .
Pitchfork : " I Am the Working Class " is really interesting to me .
Lyrically , and in terms of riffs , it 's like the perfect punk anthem .
But it 's sort of psychedelic , too , with that long outro and reprise .
Hw did that song structure come about ?
Fenriz : Shit .
Well , the two first riffs were pegged from the get go , I guess .
I had those for some months , pondering over the tempo of the final part a lot .
Music is decisions , and I decide for me what are brilliant decisions .
I often like having only one tempo .
I mean , I like those songs best , but when I make the songs now ( takes two–four months of mulling , usually ) I tend to think , " Variation , Gylve ! ! "
So I 'm torn :
The more spastic song structure I have , the more I hate it afterwards , like some track on our Total Death album .
But I often think it 's unfair to the listener and " too easy " to just choose one tempo while I make and decide the songs .
Pitchfork :
So much of Circle the Wagons seems to be about overcoming past glories , or seeing what 's history as essentially dead -- " Stylized Corpse " and " I Am the Graves of the ' 80s . "
How much of it is a mission for you and Nocturno Culto to keep this band evolving ?
Fenriz : I thought those songs was just slagging of modern metallers !
Anyway , evolving is one way to put it -- regressing slowly back into time is another .
Ted 's [ Ted Skjellum , Nocturno Culto of Darkthrone - ed. ] four songs are scoping 1970 - 1987 styles .
My five are more 1979 - 1985 .
Maybe in 30 years we 'll finally sound like old Saxon .
I Wish !!
Pitchfork : Whenever Darkthrone is discussed , they 're almost uniformly labeled first as a black metal band -- e.g. , " the Norwegian black metal band Darkthrone . "
Are you satisfied by this , or had you rather just be known as a rock band or a punk band or a loud band ?
Fenriz : MODERATE HEAVY METAL -- that 's us !!
Of course , it 's annoying as we are a band that mostly attracted black metallers , death metallers , thrashers , punks , old NWOBHM freaks and general old - timer heavy metal fans nowadays .
Anyway , I like punks who also like Saxon .
I guess I am one .
Pitchfork : Does it make it easier to experiment with what your sound is when , at the end of the day , you 'll always be known for defining a black metal sound that people are still trying to play 20 years later ?
Fenriz :
You sure got the point .
It just gets us massive amounts of hate mails from pimply " BMers , " which again just energizes me to regress further into the 70s sound -- and early 80s .
Pitchfork :
What do you like about Dennis Dread 's art , and why is it appropriate for Darkthrone ?
Was this cover commissioned ?
Fenriz : I am not a businessman by choice , so I 'm not sure what commissioned means , but it feels like King Leopold - ish business .
As usual , we had only vague ideas for Dennis , as he is perfectly capable of making a full cover himself .
So we know nothing about the cover until we see it , and it was like that for those three albums .
Hail Dennis for doing it so greatly .
Ted liked his style massively since he worked on releasing Abscess on Tyrant Syndicate .
Pitchfork :
When you started playing music , did you think you 'd still be doing it in 2010 ?
Fenriz : Very good question because -- hahaha -- this is so great .
When we were kids in early 80s , we did n't know of anyone playing metal that was older than 35 .
We thought Dio was like 30 - years - old .
There was no Internet or info around those times , but we still rocked .
We had no role models for our distant future .
Anyway , after I started my more destructive lifestyle in the 90s , I did n't think I would last so long .
Then out of the shit in the early 00s , I could see that only sports people 's careers need end at 40 .
Old - timers can rock on until the end because it 's more about old attitude than new technique and fast playing skills .
Fast is just a temporary phase .
A slow band can be great .
A slow 100 - metres runner is just obsolete
Pitchfork : Speaking of a veteran , have you heard the new music from Burzum ?
Are you interested in hearing it ?
Fenriz : Listening to Belus right now and pretty much loving it .
It 's only the second time I got 'round to hearing it , but it 's really damn good to hear it .
How about that nod towards Destruction in song four , huh ?
Many people just miss out on those details because many of the fans did n't live in the 80s .
Pity .
Pity the fool !
Pitchfork : I know you became close with Audrey and Aaron during the making of Until the Light Takes Us , but I believe you told them you 'd never watch it .
Have you stayed in touch , and what have people told you about the film ?
Fenriz : People did n't tell me much .
I try to withdraw , and what should I make from just idle remarks through MySpace ?
Yeah , Aaron and Audrey rule , but I still have n't seen the movie .
( By choice -- I do not usually enjoy seeing me on film , interviews , TV . )
Pitchfork : I hear you 're curating a festival .
What can you tell about that ?
Fenriz : Some call it curating -- curating schmurating !!
I do the Band of the Week blog as usual .
A guy , Mark Lewis , asks to do a festival with only Band of the Week bands .
I say , " Ok , as long as I am not expected to show up . "
However , I love when one of my ideas of promoting others ' music really takes off on its own like this !!!
Thank you all for caring about real metal .
Pitchfork : I wanted to ask about the photos on the back of Circle the Wagons :
What 's the longest you 've ever stood in the snow in a sleeveless T - shirt ?
Fenriz : Haha , the longest ?
Well , once , I got lost during a photo shoot and ...
Now I just stand around until I do n't .
Usually , [ it ] just takes some minutes .
But I am not freezing that easily .
I had 40 tent trips ( Oslo record ) last season , and there 's a lot of cold to be endured there .
*--GC
*
Two sex toys thought to be over 200 years old fetched £ 3,600 at a sale .
The wooden phalluses - one measuring 10 inches and the other 11 inches - were bought by an anonymous bidder at an auction in Brentwood , Essex .
Staff at Brentwood Antiques Auction described the sex toys as " extraordinary and exceptionally rare " and said they were probably French and dated back to the late 1700s .
" You might laugh but it 's a good opportunity for investment , " auctioneer Wendy Wood told bidders .
" You wo n't see another one in a long time . "
Auctioneers listed the lot under " Erotica " and a catalogue description read : " Designed to please Lot 340 - An extraordinary and exceptionally rare ' Travel Godermiche ' ...
" A pair of wooden phallus contained within a fitted kid leather covered Treen case with strap fleurs - de-lys decoration , one phallus 10 inches and with testicles and the other 11 inches and without testicles .
" The case , although having a re-lined interior appears to have age commensurate with those of the phallus and both are thought to date from the late 18th century and are probably French . "
PA
SpeedDream - the quest to build the fastest monohull on the planet .
In this second issue of the SpeedDream magazine we reveal some of the de ...
See More
The legend of Spotify grows stronger with news that the music service is buying server space in the United States with the aim of launching here in the third quarter of this year .
As Spotify CEO Daniel
Ek told me at SXSW last week , one likely form Spotify will take when it reaches these shores is as an add - on to your mobile phone or internet service .
Spotify already has seven million users in Europe .
U.S. fans without press accounts will soon find out what all the fuss is all about , according to Spotify senior vice president Paul Brown .
" We 're buying server space in random parts of the states and there are licensing discussions too , " he told Bloomberg .
Ek said Spotify 's P2P streaming architecture could be made to work on a set - top box and even a cellphone , and a downstream - only version already runs on iPhoneand Android devices , with mobile apps for Blackberry and Palm in the works .
One catch : you have to subscribe ( 10 euro per month ) in order to use it on a mobile device , where up to 3,333 songs can be cached in playlists for playback when your phone lacks a good data connection .
One reason Spotify is so popular in Europe , in addition to its immense catalog , slick operation and easy playlist sharing and collaboration , is that the desktop version is free so long as you do n't mind putting up with the occasional image - plus - audio advertisement .
According to Ek , the labels should be fine with that model , because after all , iTunes too is a freemium service – the only difference is the labels , musicians and publishers are n't paid when people listen to songs they acquired for free .
Without the unlimited free version , Spotify could end up like Rhapsody 's good - looking Swedish cousin .
It 's main point of innovation is to capture revenue from free music listening , the way iTunes does n't , but the cost of licensing an on - demand music service like Spotify , which feels like an eight - million - song version of iTunes that loads faster and runs better , is steep .
It has traditionally cost about one - penny - per - listener - per- play to play on - demand music in the biggest music market in the world , the United States , and that 's a tough habit to support on ads alone .
Spotify has had a note on its website for perhaps a year now inviting cellular and internet providers and connected television manufacturers to explore a potential partnership to bundle the service with devices and data connections , which makes a lot of sense .
If Spotify can't be free in America ( which it still might be ) , it might as well feel free , and the best way to do that is to tack a bill onto an existing – and much larger – cellphone , internet , or television bill .
Out of Spotify 's seven million European users , 325,000 of them pay the monthly fee that eliminates ads , lets you use the service on a phone , and increases the bit rate of its Ogg Vorbis audio stream .
That 's a 5 percent conversion rate .
When you consider that only 3 percent of the average iTunes music collection was paid for , by Steve Jobs ' own estimation three years ago , Spotify 's conversion rate from free to paid looks pretty good , and besides , it pays copyright holders when people listen for free .
First , we heard that Spotify was going to launch here by the end of last year , then we heard this spring , and from what Brown told Bloomberg , the new prospective launch date is the third quarter of this year .
The big questions — will there be a free unlimited version , and which mobile phone companies , ISPs or television providers will offer a discounted version of the paid service — remain , but these server space purchases are a solid indication that the company 's plans to launch here are real .
See Also :
I keep finding these gems I missed while out for the holiday week .
Here ’s another fascinating reads — its a nice takedown of Goldman Sachs via McClatchy .
The article implies that GS and others knew they were selling paper that was going to create a giant loss to the buyer .
McClatchy :
“ When financial titan Goldman Sachs joined some of its Wall Street rivals in late 2005 in secretly packaging a new breed of offshore securities , it gave prospective investors little hint that many of the deals were so risky that they could end up losing hundreds of millions of dollars on them .
McClatchy has obtained previously undisclosed documents that provide a closer look at the shadowy $ 1.3 trillion market since 2002 for complex offshore deals , which Chicago financial consultant and frequent Goldman critic Janet Tavakoli said at times met “ every definition of a Ponzi scheme . ”
The documents include the offering circulars for 40 of Goldman ’s estimated 148 deals in the Cayman Islands over a seven - year period , including a dozen of its more exotic transactions tied to mortgages and consumer loans that it marketed in 2006 and 2007 , at the crest of the booming market for subprime mortgages to marginally qualified borrowers .
In some of these transactions , investors not only bought shaky securities backed by residential mortgages , but also took on the role of insurers by agreeing to pay Goldman and others massive sums if risky home loans nose - dived in value — as Goldman was effectively betting they would . ”
Note that the implication in the full piece is not that these were possible losses , but rather , based upon what GS understood about the ways these papers were structured and then hedged ( insured with the client ) , it was a sure loss .
So rather than hold on to the money losing mortgage based securities , GS devised a way to sell it to clients !
The entire piece and accompanying video are worth spending time with on a Sunday afternoon …
>
Source :
Goldman ’s offshore deals deepened global financial crisis
Greg Gordon
McClatchy Newspapers , December 30 , 2009
http://www.mcclatchydc.com/227/story/81465.html
Distribution of my newsletter has changed .
Again .
CLICK HERE to subscribe or unsubscribe to new MailChimp list .
President Sarkozy has had to delay a French carbon tax amid opposition
The European Commission is planning an EU - wide minimum tax on carbon as part of the EU 's green energy agenda - but the UK opposes such a move .
The minimum tax would apply to fuel , natural gas and coal .
The EU's new Taxation Commissioner , Algirdas Semeta , is working to revise the EU 's existing Energy Taxation Directive , his spokeswoman said .
Carbon taxes already exist in EU members Sweden , Finland and Denmark .
In France the idea is being hotly debated .
Responding to the EU plan on Thursday a UK government spokeswoman said : " We do not support the idea of a mandatory pan-European carbon tax .
" The existing Energy Taxation Directive gives member states the flexibility to introduce a carbon tax if they wish .
" We believe that member states are best placed to choose the policy tools for achieving their climate change objectives . "
In Brussels earlier this week , Commissioner Semeta said the adoption of carbon taxes " on a larger , European scale seems desirable , as they would undoubtedly encourage innovation to strengthen energy efficiency and environmental protection " .
An EU - wide carbon tax would require the agreement of all 27 EU member states ' governments .
A new carbon tax that was supposed to go into effect in France at New Year was struck down , in a blow to President Nicolas Sarkozy .
France 's Constitutional Council , a legal compliance watchdog , said there were too many exemptions for polluters in the tax plan .
The tax was set at 17 euros ( £ 15 ) per tonne of emitted carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) .
Prime Minister Francois Fillon said the government would work on a new law taking account of the legal ruling .
Wine Announcement
The Wine development release 1.1.38 is now available .
What 's new in this release ( see below for details ) : - Better support for memory allocations debugging .
- Improved MIDI support . - A wide range of Direct3D fixes .
- OLEDB fixes ( should fix Clipart in Office ) .
- Improved debugger support on x86 - 64 . - Many MSI fixes .
- Various bug fixes .
The source is available from the following locations : http://ibiblio.org/pub/linux/system/emulators/wine/wine-1.1.38.tar.bz2
http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/wine/wine-1.1.38.tar.bz2
Binary packages for various distributions will be available from : http://www.winehq.org/site/download
You will find documentation on http://www.winehq.org/site/documentation
You can also get the current source directly from the git repository .
Check http://www.winehq.org/site/git for details .
Wine is available thanks to the work of many people .
See the file AUTHORS in the distribution for the complete list .
----------------------------------------------------------------
Bugs fixed in 1.1.38 : 6447 VAZ
Modular module window close causes error message box 8398 Starfleet Command 3 : fails to load 10011 A conflict between global and user 's %PATH % environment variables 11596 Lost Planet : Extreme Condition DX9 Demo : black screen in - game 12965 Weird border in MSN Messenger when hiding tittle bar 13956 Warcraft III does not start 14252 Windows Live Messenger 8.1 just show a blue box .
GdipImageGetFrameCount , GdipImageGetFrameDimensionsList and GdipImageSelectActiveFrame unimplemented 14875 VS
2008 Express Editions ( SP1 ) installer fails with directory resolution error 14888 winefile is slow with drawing columns 15795 Dead Space crashes with unhandled exception 17269 WNetGetUser missing in Win16 17521 qmgr / qmgr tests fail with +relay enabled 17577 Lost Planet 's shader compile failure 17621 PhoenixRC crashes with page fault in 32 - bit code 17948 Slingplayer unhandled page fault 17999 Shell32 test fails with the following 18220 mWavEdit : midi sysex communication fails 18501 Emperor ' Battle for Dune ' : can't build units and buildings 18536 Slingplayer EU 1.5.1 installer exits silently part way through 18540 Slingplayer EU 1.5.1 installer random unhandled page fault 18764
Wine update breaks gecko's js3250.dll 18990 Slingplayer 1.5 installer hangs 19068 Slingplayer 1.5 installshield error 1628 19105 From VB / VBScript / maybe others , the TimeSerial function dont answer like is awaited 19300 MS Web Platform installer goes into endless loop 19373 Plants vs Zombies is draw in the left button side of the screen when playing full - screen 19588
Wine is setting incorrect permissions in some instances 19625 Oblivion : shadows flicker 19636 Vista SDK installer fails in " Microsoft VC Redist 2008 " subinstaller 20469 Dragon Age : Origins : Texture glitches ( textures frequently switching from visible to black ) 20725 Adobe photoshop CS2 fails to install 20763 make crosstest fails on Mac OS X 20790 Diagnet needs msxml4 21106 RPC clients that connect via ncacn_ip_tcp to a Windows RPC server are broken 21145 cmd if / I unsupported 21252 Anarchy Online is squashed horizontally with Xorg 7 and Xinerama 21299
Thief : whole screen flicks in time of weapon blinking 21306 16 - bit application fails with " DDE requires ddeml.dll " 21336 wine 's valgrind annotations for large heap realloc yield false positives 21350 SSF Sega Saturn Emulator displays " SetThreadAffinityMask ( ) error " dialog box 21355 Need heap overrun detection 21382 %~dp0 does not expand to right value 21399 iDailyDiary window - drawing problem 21405 IE6 / IE7 crashes with " longjmp causes uninitialized stack frame " 21418 Plants vs Zombies is draw on the top left corner when not in fullscreen 21421 simple Delphi program : popup menu not shown after status bar right clicked .
21442 Visual C++ 2010 beta 2 web installer aborts when starting download 21486 ZEMAX help dialog does not work 21490 Debug build of Chromium aborts on startup because GdiInitializeLanguagePack ( ) is too stubby ?
21494 wine ( 64 ) regedit foo.reg fails 21497 ElsterFormular 11.1.1 : program window disappears , app keeps running in the background 21501 Visual C++ 2010 beta 2 web installer can't replace corrupted downloads ( sharing violation due to wintrust handle leak ) 21506 configure -- disable - win16 breaks winedbg bt all 21512 Windows PowerShell 1.x/2.x needs HKEY_CURRENT_USER
\Environment registry key present 21513 Option to not inherit the UNIX environment 21542 SOFTPUB_LoadCatalogMessage should use catalog members instead of file ones for retrieving msg data 21553 ntdll reporting freed block to valgrind twice ?
21592 ResTrax : Up - down common control does n't process arrow keys the same as mouse clicks 21595 Sacred 2 does not display any 3D graphics
----------------------------------------------------------------
Changes since 1.1.37 : Alexandre Julliard ( 83 ) : configure :
Add specific creation macros for the various types of makefiles .
makefiles : Disable 16 - bit specific modules from make_makefiles .
makefiles : Remove the obsolete rule for .spec . o files .
makefiles :
Move some of the cross -compile rules to the main rules file .
winegcc :
Add support for specifying a custom static library suffix .
makefiles :
Add rules for cross-compiling static libraries .
Avoid using wine / port.h in static libraries .
makefiles : Cross - compile all static libraries and import libs to .cross . a files to avoid conflicts .
ntdll :
Use the heap flags instead of debug channels to test for enabled debug features .
ntdll :
Fill the tail of heap blocks when HEAP_TAIL_CHECKING_ENABLED is set .
ntdll :
Use the same value as Windows for filling free heap blocks .
ntdll : Fill existing tail and free blocks when the debug flags are changed after heap creation .
ntdll : Verify the tail contents when validating an in -use block with tail checking enabled .
ntdll : Verify free block contents when validating the heap .
kernel32/tests :
Add tests for heap tail and free block checking .
ntdll : Move alloc notification closer to the allocation for large blocks .
ntdll :
Fill the tail of large blocks too for tail checking .
ntdll :
Fill the tail of existing large blocks when the debug flags change .
ntdll : Verify the tail contents when validating a large block .
kernel32/tests :
Add tests for tail checking on large heap blocks .
makefiles : Generate the static library rules from configure .
makefiles : Generate the import library rules from configure .
dbghelp :
Do n't require a 16 - bit stack for StackWalk .
ntdll : Simplify the checking of heap pointers when debugging is not enabled .
ntdll : Add 8 more bytes to the block tail when tail checking is enabled .
ntdll : Always enable tail checking when running under Valgrind .
wineboot : Add a wrapper function for RegSetValueExW .
wineboot :
Set the USERNAME and USERPROFILE variables in the volatile environment .
kernel32 : Treat PWD as a special environment variable .
kernel32 : Load USERNAME and USERPROFILE from the volatile environment .
kernel32 : Make sure the volatile environment is always loaded .
kernel32 : Append the user PATH value to the system one .
shell32 : Put the temp directory inside the user profile directory .
winetest : Refuse to run if the mount manager is n't running .
dbghelp : Fix the Mac OS build .
ntdll : Disable debug flags when running on Valgrind .
ntdll : Support delayed freeing of heap blocks to catch use - after - free bugs .
ntdll : Do n't require heap sizes to be 64 K aligned .
ntdll :
Fix the various heap debug checks for 64 - bit .
kernel32/tests :
Fix some of the heap tests for 64 - bit.
cabinet / tests : Fix accesses to an invalid pointer .
msacm32 : Clear the type field when deleting a driver .
comctl32 : Actually grow the array in DPA_Grow .
ntdll : Avoid reporting a freed block twice to Valgrind .
kernel32/tests :
Fix heap flag tests for the page alloc case .
kernel :
Only start the BIOS timer if there is an actual access to selector 0x40 .
kernel32 : Avoid truncating the output buffer length in GetCurrentDirectoryA. kernel32/tests : Remove leftover Sleep ( ) call .
server : Make terminate_process more robust against recursive calls for the same process .
user.exe : Make CreateIcon16 available as 32 - bit export .
shell : Explicitly convert icons to 16 - bit instead of casting handles .
user32/tests : Dispatch a message in case we can a WM_PAINT .
user : Reimplement GetIconInfo16 using the 16 - bit icon structure directly .
user : Call the 16 - bit CreateIconFromResourceEx from LoadIconHandler16 .
user :
Add internal functions for cursor / icon 16<->32 conversion to replace the typecasting macros .
server : Allow changing a thread affinity before it is initialized .
server :
Set the initial thread affinity from the process .
atl :
The object map entries for version 1 do n't have the last two fields .
winex11 : Synchronize the shaped flag with the window region before determining the window size .
user32 : Fix the WM_CONTEXTMENU parameter for 64 - bit .
advapi32 / tests :
Fix the service inactive state check to match the documentation .
makefiles : Simplify the installation of program binaries by not attempting to hardlink them .
makefiles :
Get rid of the ( broken ) aclocal installation rules .
makefiles : Generate the config.status dependency as part of the makefile dependencies .
makefiles : Create the wine symlink from configure .
makefiles : Create the fonts symlinks from configure .
configure : Create a symlink for generic .ppd .
user32 : Add a safety check in release_user_handle_ptr.
user : Add icon handle mapping in the Get / SetClassWord / Long functions .
winex11 : Update the window shape offset when the window rect changes .
dbghelp : Fix broken sw_read_mem ( ) call in i386 stack backtrace .
fonts :
Remove the rules for font symlinks and go back to standard VPATH usage .
user32/tests : Fix the menu capture test for NT4 .
comdlg32/tests : Remove some AbortProc checks that fail on various Windows versions .
mstask / tests :
Add some error codes for Win2k.
psapi/tests : Handle an error that happens on Win2k. wininet / tests : Fix a test failure on Win2 k.
mlang / tests : Fix a test failure on Win2k.
urlmon / tests : Comment out a test that crashes on Win2k. ddraw / tests :
Fix a test that fails on Win2 k.
ntdll : Export RtlInterlockedCompareExchange64 . kernel32 : Export InterlockedCompareExchange64 . configure : Avoid incorrectly cleaning up symlink targets when running in the source dir .
Anders Jonsson ( 1 ) : wordpad : Update Swedish translation .
Andrew Eikum ( 1 ) : wininet : Handle PROXY_TYPE_PROXY | PROXY_TYPE_DIRECT
per-connection flags .
Andrew Nguyen ( 10 ) : shlwapi : Change a magic HRESULT value to the appropriate name .
shlwapi/tests : Add tests for HashData .
shlwapi :
Only check for NULL pointers in HashData .
pdh : Implement and test PdhGetDllVersion .
mapi32/tests : Invoke MAPIInitialize before performing the FPropContains Prop tests .
mapi32/tests : Centralize utility function pointer initialization .
mapi32/tests : Fix prototype of FBinFromHex function pointer .
mapi32/tests : Invoke MAPIInitialize before performing the HexFromBin tests .
ws2_32 : Fix parameter validation order in getpeername .
msnet32 : Add copyright author information .
André Hentschel ( 18 ) : winegcc : Update comments .
kernel32/tests :
Fix header comments .
kernel32/tests : Run fiber tests on more platforms .
kernel32/tests :
Test fiber Ex functions .
kernel32/tests : Test IsThreadAFiber function .
kernel32/tests : Test Fiber Local Storage functions .
kernel32/tests : Test Fiber callback count .
kernel32 : Implement IsThreadAFiber function .
oleaut32 : Fix a crash in VB6 .
oleaut32/tests : Add a test for DosTime .
oleaut32/tests :
Add tests for backrolled time .
wordpad : Fix German translation .
msi : Fix crash with access to component .
oleaut32 : Rewrite RollUdate to be easier to change and to support more conversions .
msi : Copy InstallerImpl_LastErrorRecord to use it for DatabaseImpl. oleaut32 : Fix day rolling .
oleaut32 : Fix year 0 . oleaut32/tests :
Use testvalues from VarDateFromUdate also for regression testing of DosDateTimeToVariantTime .
Aurimas Fišeras ( 1 ) : wordpad : Update Lithuanian translation .
Bernhard Übelacker ( 1 ) : user32 : Do n't hide the window in SetParent when window and parent are equal .
Christian Costa ( 13 ) : shell32 : Improve some FIXMEs .
d3drm : Add definitions for IDirect3DRMMeshBuilder2. d3drm : Add definitions for IDirect3DRMMeshBuilder3 . d3drm : Add GUID definitions for all interfaces .
d3drm : Add stubbed implementation of IDirect3DRMMeshBuilder .
amstream : Register media stream filter .
d3dxof : Add other debug channel for parsing .
d3dxof : Do not expect a separator when there is no element .
d3drm : Add some definitions for IDirect3DRMMeshBuilderImpl_Load. d3drm : Add some tests .
d3drm : Implement partially IDirect3DRMMeshBuilderImpl_Load .
d3drm/tests :
Use better name for test function and make it static ( spotted by Stefan Dosinger ) .
d3drm : Improve IDirect3DRMMeshBuilderImpl_Load and corresponding test .
Dan Kegel ( 4 ) : ntdll : Fix large block realloc annotation .
cmd : %~dp0 should expand to the directory containing the batch file , not the current directory .
cmd : Size buffer in create_full_path ( ) correctly .
reg.exe : Handle setting DWORD registry values .
Detlef Riekenberg ( 14 ) : wine.inf : Add a 16 bit fake dll for ddeml.dll .
shlwapi/tests : ChrCmpI * is not present on Win95B ( winetestbot ) .
shlwapi/tests : HashData is not present on Win95B ( winetestbot ) .
shlwapi/tests : PathCreateFromUrl* is not present on Win95B ( winetestbot ) .
shlwapi/tests : UrlApplyScheme * is not present on Win95B ( winetestbot ) .
shlwapi/tests : UrlCanonicalize * is not present on Win95B ( winetestbot ) .
shlwapi/tests : UrlCombine * is not present on Win95B ( winetestbot ) .
shlwapi/tests : UrlCreateFromPath * is not present on Win95B ( winetestbot ) .
shlwapi/tests : UrlEscape * is not present on Win95B ( winetestbot ) .
shlwapi/tests : UrlGetPart * is not present on Win95B ( winetestbot ) .
shlwapi /tests : UrlHash * is not present on Win95B ( winetestbot ) .
shlwapi/tests : UrlIs * is not present on Win95B ( winetestbot ) .
shlwapi/tests : UrlUnescape * is not present on Win95B ( winetestbot ) .
mapi32/tests : Fix a typo in a comment .
Dmitry Timoshkov ( 1 ) : winmm :
Add a bunch of new mmio tests which discover some bugs in mmio handling .
Dylan Smith ( 7 ) : richedit : Prevent uninitialized value from being used .
richedit : Initialize fields for windowless richedit controls .
wordpad : Reset rc.bottom between calls to EM_FORMATRANGE .
wordpad :
Do n't render the text when getting the number of pages .
wordpad : Fixed spacing calculations for print preview .
wordpad : Implement zooming in for print preview .
richedit : Removed unused local variable yStart .
Eric Pouech ( 16 ) : winmm : A couple of simple fixes for winmm compilation on 64bit platforms .
winmm :
In mmio manipulation , always ensure that we use a HFILE for mmio internal handlers ( and not a HANDLE ) .
winmm : For MCI parsing , use 64 bit compatible variables .
dbghelp : Removed some unused fields for public symbol description .
dbghelp : For PE modules , when no debug info is present , also try to load symbols out of COFF symbol table .
winedbg : Extend print_typed_basic to handle unicode strings .
winedbg : For x86-64 CPU , fix $rip variable definition .
winedbg :
Add disassembly capacity to x86 - 64 backend .
winedbg : Fix 32 bit displacement sign extension .
winedbg : Added some more instructions disassembly .
winedbg : Implement float fetching for x86 - 64 debugger .
winedbg : Implemented is_function_return method for x86-64 CPU . winedbg : Implemented is_break_insn for x86-64 CPUs. winedbg : Implemented is_step_over method for x86-64 CPU . winedbg : Implement is_func_call on x86_64 CPU . dbghelp : Remove a couple of unnneeded include files .
Erich Hoover ( 10 ) : hhctrl.ocx : Find node attributes in a case - insensitive way .
hhctrl.ocx : Add a ListView for the Index tab .
hhctrl.ocx : Separate the HTML
Help stream reader code from the Contents tab .
hhctrl.ocx : Make the Index tab functional .
hhctrl.ocx : Handle Index tab sub -topics .
hhctrl.ocx :
Fix a double - click bug in the Contents tab introduced by the Index tab code .
hhctrl.ocx : Support jumping to a help topic with ' mapid ' .
hhctrl.ocx : Fix ( re ) allocating string blocks .
hhctrl.ocx : Fix a NULL dereference mistake in the Contents tab .
hhctrl.ocx : Remove a superfluous line that uses an uninitialized variable .
Freddie Tilley ( 1 ) : ntdll : Detect more cpu features in get_cpuinfo .
Frédéric Delanoy ( 2 ) : wordpad :
Fix typo in keyboard shortcut .
wordpad : Update French translation .
Hans Leidekker ( 26 ) : pdh : Add a stub implementation of PdhSetDefaultRealTimeDataSource .
include :
Add some missing prototypes .
winhttp : Adjust connect timeout to the value observed on Windows .
winhttp : Store the context passed to WinHttpSendRequest .
msi :
Do n't evaluate the condition table when there are overrides .
msi : Add a test for MsiSetTargetPath .
msi : Name and arguments in the service control table are formatted strings .
msi : Improve some traces .
msi : Do n't create all directories in the CreateFolders action .
msi : Do n't fail if the service to start is already running .
msi : Test duplicating files from a nonexistent component .
msi : Add a stub implementation of the SetODBCFolders standard action .
msi : Implement the ScheduleReboot standard action .
msi :
Move some helpers to the module where they are used .
msi : Remove unused and redundant name field from STREAM structure .
msi : Implement STREAMS_get_row .
msi : Improve error handling in STREAMS_set_row and add_streams_to_table .
msi : Encode the stream name before trying to open it .
msi : Allow overwriting an existing stream in STREAMS_set_row .
msi :
Make room for the new row in STREAMS_insert_row .
msi : Give the Name field from the _Streams table a valid type .
msi : Fix an off - by - one error in STREAMS_find_matching_rows .
msi : Add tests for the _Streams table implementation .
msi : Implement the DeleteServices standard action .
msi : Implement the RemoveFolders standard action .
msi : Implement the SelfUnregModules standard action .
Henri Verbeet ( 50 ) : wined3d : Add support for EXT_gpu_shader4 . wined3d : Use the GLSL round ( ) function when available .
wined3d : Use the correct GLSL functions for sampling Rect textures with explicit derivatives .
wined3d : Store a pointer to the GL info in the shader context .
wined3d : Add support for EXT_gpu_shader4 provided sampling functions with explicit derivatives .
wined3d : Get rid of some unnecessary casts to specific shader types .
wined3d : Add support for ARB_sync.
wined3d : Add an ARB_sync implementation of event queries .
wined3d : Add support for ARB_vertex_array_bgra .
wined3d : Move some macros to directx .c. wined3d : Add a FIXME for missing ARB_depth_clamp support .
d3d9 : Add depth clamp tests .
d3d8 : Add depth clamp tests .
ddraw :
Add depth clamp tests .
wined3d : Get rid of the depth range hack .
wined3d : Just use the GL 1.1 texture format constants .
wined3d : Trace the GLSL version string .
wined3d : Ensure draw ordering across contexts .
wined3d : Make sure all contexts are finished drawing before calling SwapBuffers ( ) .
wined3d : Use correct texture stage limits in a couple of places .
wined3d : Add a debug function for state names .
wined3d : Add some basic state table validation .
wined3d : Prune invalid states from the state table .
wined3d : Get rid of an unnecessary GetContainer ( ) call in surface_blt_to_drawable ( ) .
wined3d : Dump the GLSL shader source on link failure .
wined3d : Handle zero -length vectors for WINED3DSIH_NRM .
wined3d : Handle a zero source value for WINED3DSIH_LOG .
wined3d : Handle a zero source value for WINED3DSIH_RCP .
wined3d : Handle a zero source value for WINED3DSIH_RSQ .
wined3d : Use the absolute source value in shader_glsl_rsq ( ) .
wined3d : Dump ARB program shaders on compile failure .
wined3d : TRACE IWineD3DDeviceImpl_CreateSurface ( ) parameters .
wined3d : Update the swapchain 's present parameters when changing the backbuffer .
wined3d : Select the fragment pipeline during adapter initialization .
wined3d : Select the shader backend during adapter initialization .
wined3d : Select the blitter during adapter initialization .
wined3d : Preload textures before applying states .
wined3d : Update the stream info before applying states .
wined3d : Do not depend on context_attach_surface_fbo( ) to load the surface in stretch_rect_fbo( ) .
wined3d : Explicitly load and modify the surface in color_fill_fbo( ) .
wined3d : Never acquire a context in IWineD3DSurfaceImpl_BindTexture ( ) . wined3d : Introduce surface_prepare_texture ( ) .
wined3d : Do not preload surfaces when attaching them to an FBO .
wined3d : Remove the unused device type parameter from the fragment pipe 's get_caps ( ) function .
wined3d : Remove the unused device type parameter from the shader backend 's get_caps ( ) function .
wined3d : Add the general combiner limit to wined3d_gl_info .
wined3d : Set the texture stage limit based on the fragment pipe caps .
wined3d : Get rid of the now redundant max_ffp_texture_stages device field .
wined3d : Call SetDestWindowOverride ( ) before acquiring a context .
wined3d : Use the HDC from the acquired context to call SwapBuffer ( ) .
Huw Davies ( 30 ) : oleaut32 : Fix an ole font leak .
oleaut32 : Add tests to explore the lifetime of font handles .
oleaut32 : Fix font handle lifetimes .
oleaut32 : Realize the font in getter functions .
oleaut32 : If the font name property is changed , do n't insist on the current charset when selecting a new font .
msdaps :
Add a stub marshaller object .
msdaps :
Add a stub server object .
msdaps : Implement the marshalling object .
msdaps :
Add a stub row proxy object .
msdaps :
Add a stub rowset proxy object .
msdaps :
Add support for remoting IRow_GetColumns .
msdaps :
Make use of the row server in ICreateRow_CreateRow .
gdi32 : Zero pad the facename buffer so that we do n't write uninitialized data to the metafile .
msdaps :
Add server side stubs for IRowChange and IRowset .
Expose IRowChange on the client side .
msdaps :
Add support for remoting IRowset_AddRefRows .
msdaps :
Add support for remoting IRowset_GetNextRows .
msdaps :
Add support for remoting IRowset_ReleaseRows .
msdaps :
Add server side stubs for IRowsetLocate .
msdaps :
Add server side stubs for IRowset Info.
msdaps :
Add server side stubs for IAccessor .
msdaps : Expose IRowsetLocate , IRowsetInfo and IAccessor on the client side .
msdaps : Add support for remoting IAccessor_CreateAccessor .
msdaps :
Add support for remoting IAccessor_ReleaseAccessor .
msdaps :
Add support for remoting IAccessor_GetBindings .
msdaps : Add support for remoting IRowsetInfo_GetProperties .
msdaps :
Add support for remoting IRowset_GetData .
msdaps :
Add support for remoting IRowsetLocate_GetRowsAt. msdaps :
Make use of the row server in IBindResource_Bind .
msdaps :
Make use of the row server in ICommand_Execute .
msdaps :
Add support for remoting IRow_Open.
Igor Paliychuk ( 20 ) : credui : Add Ukrainian translation .
crypt32 : Add Ukrainian translations .
hhctrl.ocx : Add Ukrainian translations .
mpr : Add Ukrainian translations .
msacm32 : Add Ukrainian translations .
mshtml : Add Ukrainian translations .
msi : Add Ukrainian translations .
msvfw32 : Add Ukrainian translations .
oleaut32 : Add Ukrainian translations .
reg.exe : Add Ukrainian translations .
wldap32 : Add Ukrainian translations .
wordpad : Add Ukrainian translations .
write.exe : Add Ukrainian translations .
xcopy.exe : Add Ukrainian translations .
cryptdlg : Add Ukrainian translations .
msrle32 : Add Ukrainian translations .
msvidc32 : Add Ukrainian translations .
shdoclc : Add Ukrainian translations .
winefile : Add Ukrainian translations .
wordpad : Update Ukrainian translations .
Jacek Caban ( 25 ) : shdocvw : Moved DocHost client site releasing to separated function and release more interfaces in SetClientSite .
shdocvw : Moved WebBrowser client site realizing to separated function and release more interfaces in SetClientSite .
jscript : Make RegExp contructor implementation more generic .
jscript : Added String .replace implementation .
jscript : Moved resetting lastIndex to do_regexp_match_next .
jscript : Skip tests on old jscript.dll .
mshtml : Call attached event handlers in reversed order .
mshtml : Added support for pure IDispatch event handlers .
mshtml : Added semi-stub IHTMLSelectElement :: add implementation .
mshtml : Improved IHTMLWindow:: GetIDsOfNames implementation .
mshtml : Code clean up .
mshtml : Moved common element tids to macro .
mshtml.idl : Added DispHTMLScriptElement declaration .
mshtml.idl : Remove useless semicolons .
mshtml : Added script element IDispatchEx support .
mshtml.idl : Added DispHTMLTextAreaElement declaration .
mshtml : Added textarea element IDispatchEx support .
mshtml : Pass dispex info to HTMLElement_Init in HTMLElement_Create .
mshtml : Use NS_StringContainerInit2 instead of NS_StringContainerInit. mshtml : Optimize nsAString handling .
mshtml : Optimize nsAString handling in htmlelem *.c. mshtml : Optimize more nsAString handling .
mshtml : Optimize and clean up HTMLFormElement_get_dispid implementation .
mshtml : Optimize more nsAString handling .
mshtml : Improved debugstr_variant implementation .
Jaime Rave ( 1 ) : appwiz.cpl : Added Spanish translation .
Jason Edmeades ( 2 ) : user32/tests : Combo should preselect all text on first WM_SETFOCUS .
user32 : Preselect all editbox text when combo gets focus .
Juan Lang ( 19 ) : wintrust : Return error directly from SOFTPUB_LoadFileMessage .
wintrust : Return error directly from SOFTPUB_LoadCatalogMessage .
wintrust : Return error directly from SOFTPUB_OpenFile .
wintrust : Return error directly from SOFTPUB_GetFileSubject .
wintrust : Return error directly from SOFTPUB_GetSIP .
wintrust : Return error directly from SOFTPUB_GetMessageFromFile .
wintrust : Return error directly from SOFTPUB_CreateStoreFromMessage .
wintrust : Return error directly from SOFTPUB_DecodeInnerContent .
wintrust : Return error directly from SOFTPUB_LoadCertMessage .
wintrust : Close file handle on error loading a message from it .
wintrust : Return error directly from WINTRUST_VerifySigner .
wintrust : Return error directly from WINTRUST_SaveSigner .
wintrust : Simplify error handling in SoftpubLoadSignature .
wintrust : Return error directly from WINTRUST_CopyChain .
wintrust : Fail creating a chain if a store could n't be created .
wintrust : Return error directly from WINTRUST_CreateChainForSigner .
wintrust : Fix uninitialized return value ( Coverity ) .
wintrust : Fix copy - paste error .
msi : Remove function name from fixme .
Justin Chevrier ( 1 ) : user32 : EnumDisplayDevicesW , populate DeviceID member .
Jörg Höhle ( 16 ) : winmm : Fix MIDI resource leaks .
midimap : Refuse to open when asked for yet unimplemented callbacks .
winmm :
The MIDI MAPPER is not available with MIDI IN .
winmm : midiStreamPosition can select an alternative MMTIME format .
midimap : Perform stricter error- checking .
winmm : Perform stricter MIDI - related error checking .
winmm : Have xyzGetDevCaps return MMSYSERR_BADDEVICEID , not INVALHANDLE .
winecoreaudio :
Fix a float cast in the computation of MIDI volume .
winmm : Reset MIDIHDR flags prior to return from midiStreamOut. winmm / tests : Initial set of MIDI tests .
winmm :
The 64KB buffer limit on MIDIHDR buffers applies to streams only .
midimap : Support midiOutGetVolume , returning FFFFFFFF .
winecoreaudio : MOD_MIDIPORT has 0 voices and notes and FFFF ChannelMask .
winealsa : Ignore failure to notify MIDI clients .
wineoss : Ignore failure to notify MIDI clients .
winecoreaudio : Ignore failure to notify MIDI clients .
Lei Zhang ( 1 ) : userenv :
Add a small test for DestroyEnvironmentBlock .
Luca Bennati ( 20 ) : xcopy : Add Italian translation .
wordpad : Add Italian translation .
write : Add Italian translation .
wined3d : Add newer ATI / AMD cards vendor recognition .
credui : Add Italian translation .
msi : Fix Italian translation .
reg : Add Italian translation .
msvfw32 : Add Italian translation .
mshtml : Add Italian translation .
net : Add Italian translation .
wineboot : Add Italian translation .
winedbg : Add Italian translation .
progman : Fix Italian translation .
uninstaller : Fix Italian translation .
view : Fix Italian translation .
wineconsole : Fix Italian translation .
winefile : Fix Italian translation .
cmdlgtst : Fix Italian translation .
browseui : Add Italian translation .
winspool.drv : Fix Italian translation .
Maarten Lankhorst ( 16 ) : kernel32 : Work around safety check on siglongjmp .
qcap : Add optional dependency on libv4l .
includes :
Add propkey header .
includes : Fix typo in audiopolicy.idl .
includes :
Fix header conflicts against REFERENCE_TIME .
includes : Add amaudio.h .
mmdevapi :
Add some basic property store tests .
quartz :
Add some tests for dsound renderer .
devenum : Scan special device categories more often .
powrprof : Add stubs for PowerGetActiveScheme and PowerReadDCValue .
advapi32 : Fix RegGetValue on REG_BINARY data .
userenv : Implement DestroyEnvironmentBlock .
includes : Fix typo in mmdeviceapi.idl .
msvcrt : Forward _ftol2 to ntdll ._ftol .
avrt : Add stub for AvSetMmThreadPriority .
dwmapi : Silence a noisy fixme .
Marcus Meissner ( 4 ) : winhttp : On NULL request , skip the other tests ( Coverity ) .
msi : Call Custom function via wrapper .
ws 2_32 : Check namelen before dereferencing it in TRACE ( Coverity ) .
msi : Handle some error returns ( Coverity ) .
Matijn Woudt ( 4 ) : winhttp/tests : Add tests for WinHttpSetTimeouts .
winhttp/tests :
Add timeout tests for WinHttp{Set , Query}Option .
winhttp : Add timeout for session handles and implement for WinHttpSetTimeouts .
winhttp : Implement WINHTTP_OPTION_{CONNECT , SEND , RECEIVE}_TIMEOUT .
Matteo Bruni ( 1 ) : wpp : Assure if_stack is clean before returning .
Michael Stefaniuc ( 17 ) : kernel32 : Use IS_INTRESOURCE instead of HIWORD to check a resource .
comctl32 : Use IS_INTRESOURCE instead of HIWORD to check a resource .
hhctrl.ocx : Fix the mem handling in get_attr ( ) ( Smatch ) .
comdlg32 : Use IS_INTRESOURCE instead of HIWORD to check a resource .
cryptnet : Do n't use HIWORD ( ) on a string pointer .
crypt32 : Avoid using HIWORD ( ) on a string pointer .
msi : Avoid using HIWORD ( ) on string pointers .
shlwapi : Use IS_INTRESOURCE not HIWORD to check a resource .
atl : Use IS_INTRESOURCE not HIWORD to check a resource .
oleaut32 : The Ukrainian translation is in UTF8 .
dinput : Do n't use HIWORD to check if a REFGUID is a DIPROP .
user32 : Avoid using HIWORD ( ) on atoms / resources .
msi :
Do n't print the function name twice in a WARN .
riched20 : Do n't print the function name twice in ERR / WARN .
shlwapi :
Do n't print the function name twice in an ERR .
shell32 : Do n't print the function name twice in an ERR .
user32 : Do n't print the function name twice in a FIXME .
Nikolay Sivov ( 18 ) : xmllite : Implement a query through IXmlReaderInput for underlying stream interface , .
xmllite : Initial support for just created reader state .
xmllite / tests :
Add test for XML declaration parsing .
xmllite : Do n't release reader input reference on failure , as newer versions do .
xmllite : Reset state to XmlReadState_Initial on input reset , update tests to run on new versions .
gdi32 : Add GdiInitializeLanguagePack ( ) stub .
xmllite / tests :
Fix a typo in macro .
xmllite / tests :
Fix node type names array , indices are sparse .
msxml3 : Implement IXMLDOMCDATASection::deleteData( ) with tests .
msxml3 : Implement IXMLDOMText ::deleteData( ) .
itss :
Fix typo in registry entry creation .
msxml3 : Fix a debug channel and comment copypaste .
shell32 : Fix a debug channel .
Add stub msxml4.dll .
Fix remaining copy&paste typos in self - registration functions comments .
msxml4 : Add self - registration for CLSID_DOMDocument40 , accept it in classfactory .
msxml3 : Use existing helpers for heap allocations .
comctl32 / updown :
Use set acceleration value while processing keyboard keypresses .
Paul Chitescu ( 3 ) : qcap :
Test the correct variable when deciding how to grab V4L frame .
uuid.h : Added standard qedit CLSID_SampleGrabber .
qedit : Mostly stubbed out implementation of SampleGrabber filter .
Paul Vriens ( 10 ) : shell32/tests : Fix FO_RENAME tests for old shell32 .
shell32/tests : Skip FO_COPY tests on old shell32 .
shell32/tests : Fix test failures on old shell32 for FO_MOVE .
shell32/tests : Fix the old shell 32 detection .
wininet / tests : Fix test failures on Win98 / WinMe by using more A - functions .
d3d10 core /tests :
Fix a test failure when no adapters are present .
dxgi/tests :
Fix a test failure when no adapters are present .
wininet / tests :
Fix some memory leaks ( Valgrind ) .
msi/tests :
Fix some test failures on Win9x up to W2K .
gdiplus / tests :
Fix a test failure .
Peter Rosin ( 6 ) : ntdll : Add tests for RtlSetThreadErrorMode and RtlGetThreadErrorMode .
ntdll : Add RtlSetThreadErrorMode and RtlGetThreadErrorMode .
kernel32 : Add tests for SetThreadErrorMode and GetThreadErrorMode .
kernel32 : Add SetThreadErrorMode and GetThreadErrorMode .
ntdll : Document RtlSetThreadErrorMode and RtlGetThreadErrorMode .
kernel32 : Document SetThreadErrorMode and GetThreadErrorMode .
Piotr Caban ( 7 ) : jscript : Fix array .
reverse implementation .
jscript : Fix jsdisp_propget_idx implementation .
shlwapi : Added OS_VISTAORGREATER flag to IsOS ( undocumented ) .
shlwapi : Update SHRegGetValue definition .
shlwapi : Invoke RegGetValue on SHRegGetValue call .
shlwapi : Invoke ExpandEnvironmentStringsForUser on SHExpandEnvironmentStringsForUser call . userenv : Added GetAllUsersProfileDirectory [ AW ] stubs .
Rico Schüller ( 8 ) : d3d10 : Add anonymous shaders .
d3d10 : Parse shaders in parse_fx10_local_variable ( ) .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectPass:: GetVertexShaderDesc( ) .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectPass::GetGeometryShaderDesc( ) .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectPass:: GetPixelShaderDesc( ) .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectType::IsValid( ) .
d3d10 : Add D3D10_EOO_PARSED_OBJECT in parse_fx10_object ( ) .
d3d10 : Add D3D10_EOO_PARSED_OBJECT_INDEX in parse_fx10_object ( ) .
Stefan Dösinger ( 9 ) : wined3d :
Put the APPLE_flush_buffer_range code into the right branch .
wined3d : Catch invalid buffer map parameters .
ddraw :
Test invalid buffer lock parameters .
ddraw : Convert VB lock flags to wined3d flags .
wined3d : Add GL_ARB_map_buffer_range .
wined3d : Implement dynamic buffers with GL_ARB_map_buffer_range . d3d9 : Test buffer lock flags .
d3d9 : Move the vertex buffer alignment test into buffer .c. d3d8 : Test buffer lock flags .
Stefano Guidoni ( 1 ) : winemp3 : Fix incorrect stream handling .
Trey Hunner ( 1 ) : cmd : Add support for ' if /i '.
Uwe Bonnes ( 2 ) : msvcrt : Check for EOF before correcting CR / LF .
msvcrt : read_i should pull in LF after CR only in unbuffered mode .
Vincent Povirk ( 10 ) : gdiplus :
Add traces to unimplemented functions in imageattributes .c. gdiplus :
Always trace pixel formats in hex .
gdiplus :
Add traces to unimplemented functions in pen.c.
ole32 : IStorage_Revert has no effect for non-transacted storages .
gdiplus : Prefer the builtin version .
gdiplus : Implement GdipSetImageAttributesGamma.
gdiplus :
Test getting / setting pixels of indexed color bitmaps .
gdiplus : Implement GetPixel for indexed color bitmaps .
windowscodecs : Replace a call to a deprecated libpng function .
windowscodecs : Define a custom png error handler .
-- Alexandre Julliard julliard@winehq.org
Two Palestinians were killed by IDF soldiers on Sunday afternoon when they approached the Hawara checkpoint , near Nablus , wielding pitchforks and shouting murderous slogans .
The troops shot the two in self - defense , causing their deaths , the army said .
Military Police were investigating the incident .
From The Hill reporter Ian Swanson , the Speaker of the House urges her colleagues in the House to stay active as Easter break approaches :
Members returning to their districts should tout the new healthcare law ’s benefits to their constituents , according to the “ recess packet ” issued by Pelosi ’s ( D - Calif . ) office this week and obtained by The Hill .
Members should “ convey the immediate benefits of health reform to your constituents ( such as better prescription drug benefits for seniors , tax credits for small businesses and prohibiting insurance companies from canceling your policy if you get sick ) , ” the memo said .
But emphasizing what the health insurance reform bill will do is n't the only homework House Dems should be doing , in the mind of the Speaker .
She also calls on her fellow members of the isle to mention the after effects of last year 's big legislative newsmaker .
Especially since local news networks poorly emphasize this like their overpaid national cable counterparts :
Lawmakers also should also “ demonstrate the work of this Congress to create jobs and strengthen the economy , ” and “ publicize the benefits of the $ 800 billion in tax cuts this Congress has enacted ” through last year ’s $ 787 billion stimulus package , according to the memo .
They should also “ tell their constituents how all this was done in a fiscally responsible , open and transparent way , ” it states .
After a wonderful 70th birthday yesterday and a memorable week in her life , Speaker Pelosi is clearly in a happy state right now , something her fiercest enemies surely are n't at the moment .
So whether you want to call it a " full court press " or relentless rebounding assault , any positive basketball term or other sports terminology , the Democrats in the House seemingly appear to not give the nutty party any inch .
Whether that drive will continue to tickle down in the Senate and the White House over civilian trials , immigration reform , cap and trade , EFCA , or anything else is still to be determined .
( From TWD , enjoy the rest of your evening , thanks for even reading , and stay offensive . )
Not Found
Sorry , but you are looking for something that is n't here .
Hissa Hilal : strong words , softly spoken
From beneath a veil , a Saudi woman is setting her conservative Arab homeland alight .
Hissa Hilal is already challenging convention by being at once a journalist and a wife and mother of four children .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
But it is her blistering poetry - recited while dressed in a traditional head - to - toe abaya cloak and broadcast on traditional Arabic television - that is really defiant .
Using a traditional verse form native to the Arab Peninsula 's nomadic tribes , she writes critically about the country 's hard - line Muslim clerics , calling them : " vicious in voice , barbaric , angry and blind " .
Anger in the spotlight Condemning the violence that she says lies beneath their religious messages , her poems speak of some of the clerics " wearing death as a robe cinched with a belt " - an apparent reference to suicide bombers ' explosives belt .
Her poems rail against what she sees as a dangerous and excessively conservative shift in Arab society and mores , from within a country where women cannot travel without a male guardian and are forbidden from driving .
Most of the people loved what I said , from their hearts
Hissa Hilal
" What made me so angry is seeing the Arab society becoming more and more kept to itself , not like before - loving and caring and sharing and open and welcoming everyone , " she told the BBC's World Service .
" Now , even if you want to be simple and nice with others , people are asking themselves whether it is haram [ forbidden ] to say hello to strangers , " she said , adding : " I blame those who have led the people , and directed them this way . "
Hissa Hilal 's words are delivered from beneath a spotlight and televised across the Arab world from the capital of UAE , Abu Dhabi , on a reality television programme called The Million Poets , where contestants compete to be the best poet .
If she wins , she will take home a prize of $ 1.3 m ( £ 870,000 ) in cash .
She describes the experience of reaching the competition 's final - due to be aired next week - as " amazing " , but her poetry has also sparked death threats on Arab websites , with some outraged commentators saying she is acting shamefully .
' Small village '
Her voice quietens when she describes how some have posted messages asking for her home address - with the underlying threat that they would track her down and kill her .
I know the world is a small village - from my heart I wish peace and love for everybody
Hissa Hilal
But , she says , many more have expressed support for her poems .
She told the BBC that women especially have said they are rooting for her .
" Even old ladies , young ladies , they all said : ' You are our hope ' .
" Most of the people loved what I said , from their hearts .
They think I am very brave to say so , and that I said what they feel in their hearts . "
She explains the apparent contradiction in the fact that she advocates women 's rights while wearing the full veil - which some suggest is a symbol of female oppression : " Covering my face is not because I am afraid of people .
We live in a tribal society and otherwise my husband , my brother will be criticised by other men . "
While her poetry is intended for a wide audience , the act of covering herself , she says , is out of understanding for her male relatives .
" I know they love me and they support me .
It 's a big sacrifice for them in such a society to let me go to the TV and talk to the media .
I am hoping my daughters wo n't have to cover their faces and they 'll live a better life , " she said .
A published poet , Mrs Hilal - who is reported not to have studied at university - held the position of poetry editor for the Arab daily newspaper , al - Hayat .
A fan of Victorian writer Charles Dickens and US author Ernest Hemingway , Mrs Hilal says her fundamental message is one of peace and understanding : " I know the world is a small village .
From my heart I wish peace and love for everybody . "
Here is a selection of your comments on Hissa Hilal and her poetry :
Thank you Hissa for your braveness and Inshallah the rest of us will feel inspired to do the same .
We need the voices of reason among us to be heard loud and clear - and there are many of us .
I agree with Abdallah al Ahmad from Kobani , Syria ; Muslims were more intellectually sophisticated 1400 years ago
Ahwa , Muscat , Oman
An immense scale of respect to the poet , she has done a great job so far .
Moreover , the fact that she has her Burka is purely a tradition and for family satisfaction is true .
Unfortunately , I will not be voting for anyone , as I am not a reality TV sucker .
Moayad , Riyadh , KSA I 'm so proud of her , Keep challenging Hissa and God bless you .
Huda , UAE Truly inspiring and courageous .
She , indeed , is a ray of hope for many Saudi women who are living under tightly woven fabric of conservative Arab culture .
Such women should be encouraged to use their potential in bringing about a positive change instead of being clamped down by death threats .
Eeman , Doha , Qatar Nasser Nathaniel , Southend - on - Sea , Essex : perhaps you should leave Essex and live your brilliant sharia law in Taliban - ruled lands .
This woman has more courage , bravery , humanity and brain than you do .
And hell YES , I wish her all the best .
The Arab world and wider Muslim world would be heaven if there were more like her and far less than you .
Loubna Hadid , London , UK I applaud my Saudi Arabian sister for her courage and the courage of her family for supporting her .
I hope one day soon I can visit my homeland where women are treated with the respect they deserve
They are our Mothers , Wives , Sisters and Daughters
HB Al - Ibrahim , A Saudi Arabian in Houston , TX USA Saudi Arabia is the best country in the world it is the only country which has justice and is truly Islamic .
As for those criticising the Islamic Saudi scholars , they should fear Allaah and know that these scholars are the inheritors of the Prophets and their flesh is poisonous i,e do n't speak ill of them .
Mariam Yaser , Madinah , Saudi Arabia Sha3er Al Milyon is my favourite programme right now and she is truly inspirational .
I hope that she wins !
Anis Isa Al Zaydi , Muscat , Sultanate Oman Mrs Hilal has shown the positive side of her character by continuing to honour her culture and family with dress and respect .
I do n't like the culture of the veil , but am likewise glad my wife hijabs out of respect .
And she has shown her bravery to speak against abuse as she sees it .
The tendency of every culture is to bad - mouth others and gloss over out own problems ; " self - justification by degrading others " is a problem in every place and religion .
Raed Abu - Yahya , Yemen I am proud of her .
I 'm glad her family is supporting her .
It 's time for people to speak out against the brainwashing that is going on .
I fully support her and only hope her voice and poetry is able to bring about much needed change .
I truly hope she wins !
Tania , Manama , Kingdom of Bahrain
This is mostly a non-issue .
It 's not as though she is the first person to ever criticize the clerical establishment nor will she be the last .
Mohamed S , Riyadh
I admire her courage and believe she is one of many other young women in the Saudi Arabia who will change the current status to the better - this is life and no one can stop it changing - we just need to be patient .
Yousif Hussain , Bahrain
The article states that mostly women support this courageous woman ... not true !
I know many men that love what Ms. Hissa has said !
She is every logical - thinking Arab and Muslim 's hero !
( male and female ) !
Not only because she stands up to oppression but because she speaks from her heart and for our hearts as well .
Mohamed Obeid , Jeddah
It 's not a surprise to have a renegade like Hissa .
If she feels oppressed let her and others move to the West where there is " freedom " to be naked and be abused by male chauvinists .
Then she can be " liberated " and used as object of advertisement .
She can also spend her monetary gain in hotels and brothels !
Abuaishah , Nigeria Hissa Hilal is a great woman and I hope all women in Saudi Arabia do the same because we get sick of Muslim clerics .
Saeed , Jeddah , Saudi Arabia Hissa Hilal is speaking the truth and beautifully expressing what many people in the Gulf region - women and men - feel about the hate - filled extremists who have far too much control here .
These extremist clerics and the politicians who ally themselves with them abuse faith to help repress the people here on behalf of the leaders , to misdirect attention away from the endemic corruption that blights any hope of real progress in the region .
Viva Hissa Hilal , she is a true inspiration .
Rachida , Salwa , Kuwait
In my 20 years of life I do n't think I 've ever seen something so inspiring .
Here in the US we never fight we barely speak out .
Somehow in a place where censorship is more prevalent , she still speaks out in the loudest way in the quietest voice .
I think the people in my country could learn a great deal from her .
Jordan Brown , Buffalo , Ny United States
This is a brave lady and I wish her well .
Mike English , Dubai UAE
It seems amazing to me that this woman has gone so far .
My sincere congratulations to her and to her family that support her , without a doubt but she will need protection , especially if she wins because she will be in grave danger .
Allara , Montreal , Canada I find the behaviour of this lady shameful .
Has she never heard of not washing your dirty linen in public ?
Whatever issues we have with male oppression of women must be dealt with internally and within the framework of the Qur'an and Sunnah ( traditions of the Prophet [ saw ] ) not according to the licentious ethos of western liberalism .
Nasser Nathaniel , Southend - on - Sea , Essex I think most of the Muslim clerics adhere just to the textual meaning of the Holy Quran and Hadith .
Muslims 1400 years ago were more civilized and more intellectually sophisticated than they are now .
Abdullah Al Ahmed , Kobani , Syria
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Social Analyst is a weekly column by Mashable Co-Editor Ben Parr , where he digs into social media trends and how they are affecting companies in the space .
Did you know that it 's been nearly twenty years since the first website was placed online ?
Have you ever thought about how the Internet and the web have evolved in time ?
Ponder it : the Internet , a complex series of interconnected networks , protocols , servers , cables , and computers , has evolved from its early days as U.S. Department of Defense research project into the foundation for the World Wide Web , what we use today to interact with one another via browsers , email , Twitter , Skype , and millions of other online tools .
As we approach the imminent launch of the Apple Tablet and analyze new trends coming out of out of this year 's Consumer Electronics
Show ( our full coverage ) , now is good time to reflect on what the web will look like in the next decade — and beyond .
I have four big predictions to share for what the web will look like in the near future .
This is what I expect in the evolution of our online lives :
1. The Web Will Be Accessible Anywhere
Our society could n't operate today without Wi -Fi , but it did n't become prevalent until the early to mid-2000s .
Before that , we used Ethernet cables and before that , our primary method of connecting to the web was via phone lines .
Every few years , our method of accessing the web changes to be faster and more accessible .
Two things make me believe that the web will be accessible from anywhere and at any time : the rise of wireless 3G and 4G networks and the likelihood for nationwide Wi-Fi to blanket the U.S. and beyond .
Let 's first talk about 3G : since its introduction in the early 2000s , it has quickly spread to major cities worldwide .
Accessing the web is now as simple as pulling out your smartphone , and it 's getting faster with the introduction of 4G networks and 4G phones .
The Apple Tablet is even rumored to have a data plan on Verizon and AT&T's 3G networks .
More and more laptops come with built - in 3G access as well .
Nationwide Wi-Fi is the more exciting prospect , though .
In 2008 , the FCC had an auction for for the 700 MHz wireless spectrum .
A lot of attention was focused on that auction when Google joined as a multi-billion dollar bidder .
Some speculated that Google wanted to turn the spectrum into a nationwide Wi-Fi network .
While Verizon eventually won , a nationwide Wi-Fi network is still very possible and , in fact , seems logical given the direction of web technology today .
The point is that more devices will have access to these networks and that these networks will be more prevalent as time goes on .
Ten to twenty years down the road , people will wonder how we managed with laptops disconnected from a Wi -Fi or 4G signal .
2. Web Access Will Not Focus Around the Computer
In a column on CNN earlier this month , Mashable 's Adam Ostrow explored one of the biggest trends at CES : the embedding of the web outside of the computer .
At present , we focus our Internet use in the U.S. on our laptops .
In Japan though , many more access the web primarily through their phones , a trend that is just beginning to sweep the states .
This is just the beginning .
New Internet - enabled
TVs will allow us to browse from the living room and soon our cars will become Wi -Fi hotspots .
The Apple Tablet looks to be the next stage of this evolution .
Rumor has it that not only is the device going to have 3G access , but Apple envisions it is a shared piece of hardware among the family .
Instead of having to jump onto the computer to check your email , you can just have your girlfriend or boyfriend pass you the tablet to check out what 's going on .
In ten years , computers will only be a small percentage of how we use our web .
We 're going to be accessing it from nearly every device and appliance we own .
3. The Web Will Be Media - Centric
The time of text - based interactions is going to diminish until they 're just a minor component of our web experience .
Yes , we will always write , blog , and tweet , but as more and more devices adopt touchscreen interfaces and alternatives to the keyboard and mouse ( it 's already happening ) , our reliance on videos from YouTube and Hulu , social games like FarmVille , and interactive interfaces like the iPhone OS will grow rapidly .
Here are some of my thoughts on how I think this media - centric web will come to be :
- Voice - to - text technology will be a major part of the media - centric web .
The technology is n't accurate enough to use daily yet , but devices like the Nexus One are pushing its limits .
In a decade or two , it 'll be accurate enough to be a viable replacement to our keyboards .
- Interfaces that rely on motions are going to be more important to computing and the media - focused web .
Apple popularized phone touchscreen interfaces , and the Tablet has a good shot and popularizing that type of interface on larger - sized screens .
While we have a lot more to figure out before touchscreens are popularized on the desktop , I do think it 's time is n't far away .
I look forward to abandoning the old mouse and keyboard interface .
-
In the future , you wo n't even have to touch the screen .
HP 's " Wall of Touch " actually does n't require users to touch the screen in order to interact with it , and Microsoft 's Project Natal looks to turn gaming into a controller - less experience .
This is the future .
-
These interfaces simply make it easier to bring up images , videos , music , and other multi-media .
It 's not about keyboard commands , but about apps , drag - and - drop , and having an immersive experience .
4. Social Media Will Be Its Largest Component
Stats published by Nielsen show that social media usage has increased by 82 % in the last year , an astronomical rise .
Facebook , Twitter , YouTube , blogs , and social interaction are becoming the focus of our online interactions , even more than search .
We 're social creatures , so it was only a matter of time until we figured out how to make the web an efficient medium for communication , sharing , and forging friendships .
Now that we 're finally implementing the social layer though , it 's tough to find a scenario where the rise of social media does n't continue .
In ten years , when you access the web , most of the time you spend will be to connect with your friends .
Almost all of that will be on social networks and through social media .
It will be the # 1 reason why we ever pull out our phones , tablets , or computers .
Handgemachte Geschenkideen aus Schokolade
Du suchst nach einem individuellen Geschenk ?
Dann bestelle hier einzigartige handgemachte Schokoladen – für alle Anlässe !
Lass Deiner Kreativität freien Lauf und kreiere ein Geschenk , das sonst niemand hat .
Unsicher , was zusammenpasst ?
Entdecke unsere Geschmackswelten und kaufe einfach unsere fertigen Geschenkideen aus Fairtrade Schokolade : große und kleine von Hand bestreute Tafel Schokoladen , vegane Köstlichkeiten und feine Pralinen .
Unsere hochwertigen Schokoladen - Kompositionen warten darauf , Menschen glücklich zu machen , die Dir was bedeuten !
Schokolade für alle Anlässe online bestellen – für Dich handgemacht
Kauf nichts von der Stange .
Zeige Deinem Lieblingsmenschen die ganze Sorgfalt und Leidenschaft , die Du in sein Geschenk gesteckt hast .
Zeige ihm mit Deinem Schokoladengeschenk , das er oder sie etwas ganz Besonderes ist !
Bestelle bei uns individuelle Schokolade in bester Qualität online .
Es ist so einfach , einzigartige Gefühle zu verschenken :
Wähle aus verschiedenen Schokosorten und erlesenen Zutaten – Milliarden Möglichkeiten stehen Dir zur Verfügung .
Designe eine hübsche Verpackung .
Sofort machen sich unsere Chocolatiers ans Werk .
Deine Genuss - Highlights werden frisch zubereitet und von Hand mit Deinen Lieblings - Zutaten bestreut .
Schon ein paar
Tage später kannst Du mit Deiner Schokolade unvergessliche Momente schaffen .
Socks over shoes surpass shoes over socks for strolling on slippery city slopes , says a study done in New Zealand .
In other words – in the words of the study itself – " wearing socks over shoes appears to be an effective and inexpensive method to reduce the likelihood of slipping on icy footpaths " .
Lianne Parkin , Sheila Williams and Patricia Priest did an experiment to test the wisdom of a local winter tradition .
The trio , based at the University of Otago in Dunedin , published a report in the New Zealand Medical Journal .
They explain : " There are anecdotal reports that pedestrians who wear socks over the top of their footwear are less likely to slip and fall in icy conditions .
Advocates of this practice include our local council ( in Dunedin ) , which advises residents who prefer to walk ( rather than drive ) in icy conditions to ' put a pair of old socks over your shoes to increase grip ' . "
Their city has some famously hilly sections that grow treacherous come wintertime : " Damp weather followed by freezing conditions can transform a quick journey to work into a lengthy and perilous expedition . "
They " initially considered recruiting volunteers to walk down a short suburban street ( Baldwin Street ) which , according to the Guinness Book of Records , is the steepest street in the world " .
But legal and other considerations led them to instead send people down two other streets , with merely San Francisco - grade inclinations .
Parkin , Williams and Priest found it simple to recruit volunteers : " To be eligible for inclusion in the trial , passing pedestrians simply needed to be travelling downhill .
It was decided a priori that persons already wearing socks over shoes w ould not be eligible . "
The research team documented every fall , and wrote comments ( such as " walked confidently " , " clung to fences or parked cars " , " crawled " ) about the demeanor of each volunteer during their descent .
Not all experiments give clear results .
This one did .
" Wearing socks over footwear significantly reduced the self - reported slipperiness of icy footpaths and a higher proportion of sock - wearers displayed confidence in descending the study slopes .
The only falls occurred in people who were not wearing ( external ) socks . "
But despite the safety advantage , wearing one 's socks over one 's shoes can create or exacerbate a problem .
The problem is of a social nature .
In 1989 , two researchers extracted gossip from a group of young ( aged 7 - 11 ) American schoolchildren , asking each child to discuss the reputations of each of their classmates .
The kids prattled on about behaviours that , to them , were warning signs of weirdness : " Eats like a pig , bangs head on desk , sounds like a car , fidgety , acts like a monster , wears socks over shoes . "
The what - other - people - will - think problem crops up in the Dunedin study .
Parkin , Williams and Priest note : " Although participants in the intervention group were told that they could keep their socks , many ( who appeared to have image issues ) opted to return them to the outcome assessors – including one young man who promptly fell on leaving the assessment area . "
• Marc Abrahams is editor of the bimonthly Annals of Improbable Research and organiser of the Ig Nobel prize
Preventing Winter Falls : a Randomised Controlled Trial of a Novel Intervention
Children 's Perceptions of Peer Reputations and Their Social Reputations Among Peers
The trial of Steve Christian ’s son Randy revealed the more perplexing aspects of the abuse on Pitcairn .
His accuser testified to some of the most violent rapes , including one in which she was gagged and gang - raped by Randy , then 21 , and his brother , Shawn , then 20 .
She was 11 at the time .
But her feelings for Randy grew conflicted .
By age 14 she was infatuated .
She wrote him in two love letters “ that he made me feel special and that I really did like him , ” she testified .
Asked to explain her feelings toward a man who had assaulted her , she said , “ I was confused .
It was like he had two sides to him .…
A great friendly guy and a person that did these awful things to me . ”
Cruise - Ship Day
One morning , the mood changed abruptly .
The court shuttered itself .
The men transformed from criminal defendants into curio salesmen and tourist guides .
Offshore , the Clipper Odyssey , loaded with 98 aging but eager American tourists , glimmered bright white .
Trial or no trial , no day was bigger than Cruise - Ship Day .
The defendants commanded the longboat and retrieved the visitors , who immediately began shopping for stamps and souvenirs and clambering all over the rock — to John Adams ’s grave , to the site of Thursday October Christian ’s house , and even to Fletcher Christian ’s cave , high up on a rocky perch where , legend has it , the mutineer often went alone to brood .
For Burton Falk , 68 , a retired Stanford man from Palm Desert , California , Pitcairn was a dream that almost did n’t come true .
He had made two previous cruises , but on both trips bad weather yielded him no more than the frustration of a sighting and a decision that the sea was too rough to stop .
“ At last !
At last !
Thank God , at last ! ”
Falk wrote in his diary .
The reporters looked on , amazed , and turned away questions about what generation they were .
But they soon became as happy as the tourists .
After weeks on the rock , civilization lay just offshore .
They immediately decamped to rub their bare feet in the ship ’s plush carpet and order tropical drinks from the bar .
Talking to people who were n’t part of the extended Pitcairn family became an intellectual feast .
Claire Harvey slipped off to the ladies ’ room and flushed — and then flushed again and again , just to hear the sound of it .
The day ended in late afternoon at Big Fence , where , just out of the dock and back into his more practiced role as mayor and host , Steve Christian charbroiled yellowfin tuna for all the visitors .
Then it was back to what had become Pitcairn ’s new reality .
None of the men testified .
With few other witnesses , the defense zeroed in on the antique quality of the charges .
“ You ’re claiming to have a very good recollection over matters over 30 years ago , agree ? ”
The women held fast .
The verdicts came down on October 24 , with sentencing four days later .
Jay Warren was acquitted of a single count of slipping his hand down a girl ’s bikini bottom before she swam away .
The six other men were convicted on a grand total of 33 counts .
Simon Moore pronounced the sentences “ incredibly lenient . ”
Rape carries life imprisonment under English law .
Randy Christian drew the longest term — six years for four rapes .
The island ’s postmaster and one of its beekeepers , Dennis Christian , pleaded guilty and received the most lenient sentence : 300 hours of community service .
He had apologized to his victims before the trials .
One found it “ a healing event , ” Judge Russell Johnson said .
She felt no animosity and did not want him to go to prison .
The judge praised Christian for his “ courageous ” decision to break ranks “ with the generally confrontational approach adopted by others . ”
His case gave a glimpse of what might have been , without the bluster by two sides that refused to yield .
On Monday , more than a year after a man was arrested outside a market in California with a $ 3.99 bag of Tillamook shredded cheese in his pants he had not paid for , a judge decided to go relatively easy on him , sentencing him to seven years and eight months in jail .
Prosecutors in Yolo County , Calif. , outside Sacramento , had originally asked for a life sentence under the state ’s “ three strikes ” law , arguing that the man , Robert Preston Ferguson , was a menace to society because of prior burglary convictions .
As The Sacramento
Bee reported last month , the district attorney ’s office asked for 11 years instead , after “ a new psychological evaluation convinced prosecutors that Robert Preston Ferguson ’s most recent convictions for petty theft did not warrant a life sentence . ”
At Monday ’s sentencing hearing , the Sacramento newspaper noted , a deputy district attorney “ said Ferguson was a career criminal who would n’t change . ”
The prosecutor added that Mr. Ferguson , who is in his 50s , had 13 previous convictions and had been in jail for 22 of the past 27 years but still took the cheese .
Ten days before the cheese theft , Mr. Ferguson had also stolen a woman ’s wallet from a 7 - Eleven as she tended to her sick child , who had just thrown up on the floor .
Because of Mr. Ferguson ’s prior convictions , he had been charged with felonies for both of those petty thefts .
According to the Sacramento newspaper , Mr. Ferguson ’s defense lawyer , Monica Brushia , argued that his six other burglary convictions had taken place three decades ago and noted that his conviction for misdemeanor assault came when he was a teenager and had thrown a can of soda at one of his siblings .
She also noted that the psychologist ’s report had concluded that Mr. Ferguson was mentally ill .
He has biploar syndrome and struggles to control his impulses to steal during manic phases , she said .
She concluded that his most recent thefts were petty .
“ We ’re talking about a pack of cheese , ” she said .
Leaving aside concerns about whether the long sentence was just , some observers in California asked if the cash - strapped state should really be spending between $ 50,000 and $ 100,000 a year to lock up a cheese thief .
As Sasha Abramsky noted in a commentary on the case for The Guardian last month , “ a number of newspapers , including conservative publications such as the Orange County Register , ridiculed the D.A. ’s office for its willingness to waste taxpayer dollars . ”
The Orange County newspaper compared the case with that of Jerry Dewayne Williams , a man in Los Angeles who was sentenced in 1995 to 25 years to life for stealing a slice of pizza .
In his column for The Guardian , Mr. Abramsky added :
Three strikes is something that I have written on quite a bit over the years ; I have talked with many three strikers and their families , and periodically receive updates from them on their status .
This past Christmas I got a card from the wife of one inmate , who has spent the last 16 years behind bars on a drug - related offence .
“ It is hard to believe that nearly 16 - years have gone by and we still have another 12 before D** will be eligible for parole , ” she wrote .
“ You would think that with all of California ’s budget problems , someone in Sacramento would realize that 16 years for a minor offence is long enough . ”
A columnist for Sacramento Bee , Marcos Breton , took the opposite view , arguing on Wednesday that this “ shoplifter with a sad life ” deserves to be in jail :
The truth is , there is a good chance Ferguson will victimize someone again .
He has nearly 30 years ’ experience as a career criminal .
What if he breaks into a home , stumbles in on a family and panics ?
You wonder if the people screaming about his treatment now would be screaming then , too , asking how it is he ever got back on the street in the first place .
Update :
Thanks to a reader for drawing our attention to a report in The Los Angeles Times last month on a speech by U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy in which he criticized California ’s sentencing policies .
The report noted :
If you have n't already updated , you can use the " Check for Steam client updates " option on the " File " menu to automatically update Steam to the new release .
If you do n't have Steam installed ,
Read on to see the changes we 've made .
The new Steam UI is here , which enhances the way you already buy and play games , adding more info about the things that matter — getting games , playing them with friends , and staying current in the gaming world .
If you have n't already updated , you can use the " Check for Steam client updates " option on the " File " menu to automatically update Steam to the new release .
If you do n't have Steam installed , download it today Read on to see the changes we 've made .
Friends First
Since its introduction in 2003 , Steam has been centered around social gaming .
But Steam users have rightly come to expect more than a simple social network alongside their games .
The new Steam puts far more friend - related info at your fingertips .
Right from within your own game Library , you can now track which of your friends plays each game or invite them to play one with you .
Before you 've even bought a game , knowing whether your friends play it is one of the most useful pieces of information to have .
So on the store homepage , there 's a new listing of what your friends have bought or played lately .
On each game 's store page , see who among your friends plays it , and whether it's on anyone 's wishlist .
All the News that 's Fit to Feed
Thanks to auto - updating , Steam has for a long time made it easy to keep up to date with the latest versions of your games .
But it has sometimes remained tricky to stay up on the latest gaming news .
The new Steam lets you know what has happened lately , either about your favorite games or in the broader world of computer gaming .
A new central aggregated news page lists all available channels for easy reading , viewable as headlines only or full stories .
Each game has a new dedicated news channel of its own , right inside your game library .
Interested in the latest news about Modern Warfare 2 ?
Look no further than your own game list .
Game - specific news is even now accessible inside each game , via the new and improved Steam overlay .
And all of this news is n't just the stuff written back at Steam headquarters — we 're passing through articles written directly by authors of syndicated feeds from top computer gaming sources .
Achieving Bliss
Whether you think of achievements as merit badges , or candy , or crack , the thing most of us can agree on is that we all want more of 'em .
Keeping track of which ones you 've got and which ones to get next should n't feel like a chore .
With this in mind , the new Steam brings the achievements to you — listing recent accomplishments right in your game Library , and on the in - game overlay .
Library Wrangling
As Steam has grown , your collection of Steam games has probably grown too .
In order to help you manage that huge library , we 've added a more robust game list .
You can now organize your list of titles into custom categories , like " Games I should play with Emily " or " Old School " or " Super - Addictive MMOs " .
Also , browse your own collection visually using the all - new grid view .
Last but also least ( from the better - late - than - never feature department ) you can even type a game 's name in the list to find it immediately .
Odds , Ends and Extras
What else , you say ?
There 's a new Downloads view , to help you track current ( and recent ) acquisitions and updates .
Fonts look better , across the platform .
The games List View now includes thumbnail images .
It 's easier to find things on sale , in the store .
You can accept or decline invites right from within your friends list .
Send a hint by broadcasting your Steam wishlist to your friends via your community blotter .
Better exposure of Steam Cloud status , per game .
A new embedded web browser .
And lots of bug fixes .
Reach Out and Touch Us
Once you 've tried the update , please get in touch and let us know what you think .
We seriously need your feedback in order to continue making Steam as good as it can be .
Rue 89 - Publié le 15 septembre 2020 à 16:14
En s’appuyant sur l’histoire de luttes oubliées ou récupérées , Fatima Ouassak appelle , dans « la Puissance des mères » , à la naissance d’un nouveau sujet révolutionnaire .
Rue 89 - Publié le 15 septembre 2020 à 16:14
Nos vies intimes - Publié le 16 septembre 2020 à 17:10
Ann Friedman et Aminatou Sow vivent aux Etats - Unis .
Elles sont meilleures amies depuis plus de dix ans .
Leur relation était si importante pour elles qu’elles ont tout mis en œuvre pour la réparer .
Après tout , qui a di ...
Nos vies intimes - Publié le 16 septembre 2020 à 17:10
Notre époque - Publié le 17 septembre 2020 à 15:51
Après avoir lu ce livre ( ou cet article ) , vous saurez tout sur la psychopathologie du président des Etats - Unis .
Et sur les traumas originels qui peuvent l’expliquer .
Notre époque - Publié le 17 septembre 2020 à 15:51
Nos vies intimes - Publié le 18 septembre 2020 à 09:48
Rue89 s’intéresse au couple et à ses mutations .
Dans son dernier roman , « le Cœur synthétique » , Chloé Delaume dresse le portrait d’une femme de 46 ans qui voit disparaître « l’aura qu’elle avait j...
Nos vies intimes - Publié le 18 septembre 2020 à 09:48
Rue 89 - Publié le 11 septembre 2020 à 08:20
Derrière la vidéo d’un « papa désespéré privé de la garde de son fils » , publiée puis supprimée par Konbini , « l ’Obs » a découvert une histoire sordide de séparation conflictuelle sur fond de viole ...
Rue 89 - Publié le 11 septembre 2020 à 08:20
Tinder Surprise - Publié le 12 septembre 2020 à 12:00
Alexis a daté une femme et son ordinateur .
Tinder Surprise - Publié le 12 septembre 2020 à 12:00
Ruptures amicales - Publié le 13 septembre 2020 à 12:00
A chaque étape importante de sa vie , Aurélie fait le tri , inconsciemment .
Elle nous a déroulé son CV amical .
Ruptures amicales - Publié le 13 septembre 2020 à 12:00
Rue 89 - Publié le 14 septembre 2020 à 09:49
Cela fait des mois qu’ils sont en télétravail .
Mais , parfois , au lieu de s’atteler à la tâche , ils préfèrent vaquer à d’autres occupations ou penser à leur avenir .
Rue 89 - Publié le 14 septembre 2020 à 09:49
L’heure a sonné d’un « droit à la laideur » des femmes Entretien avec Claudine Sagaert , docteure en sociologie , autrice d’une « Histoire de la Laideur féminine » .
Notre époque - Publié le 9 septembre 2020 à 12:46
On a retrouvé Miss Price , le personnage caché résolument lesbien de Disney Eglantine Price , quadragénaire célibataire au caractère bien trempé , n’aime pas les enfants , se déplace en volant sur son lit et passe son diplôme de sorcière pour sauver son pays de l’Allemagne nazie .
C’est le person ...
Rue 89 - Publié le 6 septembre 2020 à 12:00
Up a winding dirt path through lush mountains comes the sound of whistling from the side of the road .
Narrowly missing a passing motorbike , two young boys with machine guns leap out of the dense jungle .
We need to move fast , but as one boy hauls me to the top of a steep , muddy slope his hand flicks to his eyes .
He is fighting to hold back tears .
In a tiny clearing they 've cut out of the thick bamboo forest four boys , seemingly no older than 18 whisper to each other .
Sweating from the quick climb and dense heat , they hang up their torn blue uniforms on bamboo branches and prop up their battered old AK - 47s .
These are the remnants of the Royal Laos Army , hired by the Americans to disrupt Ho Chi Minh supply lines during the Vietnam War .
Although Laos had been declared neutral , Vietnamese troops were operating there and the CIA saw it as another front against the spread of communism .
For the rest of the world , the capture of Saigon – now Ho Chi Minh City – by North Vietnamese troops in 1975 marked the end of the Vietnam War , but for the Hmong , it was just the beginning .
When the communist regime , the Pathet Lao took power it announced it would wipe out all Hmong from Laos .
Since then the Hmong have been hiding in the depths of the jungle completely cut off from the outside world .
The young soldiers lead the way to their people deep behind enemy lines in the Saysomboun , " special zone " .
They tread lightly and whisper , because , they warn , the " enemy is everywhere " .
Days and nights of trekking , some of it straight up mountains to avoid enemy patrols brings us eventually to the entrance of their camp .
The whole community falls on the ground crying hysterically and begging for help .
Old women shake with emotion as they speak of the horrors they have witnessed , while young children weep at their first sighting of an outsider .
CIA veteran Cho Her lies face down in the dirt , praying for the rescue of his people .
" US and world leaders please come and rescue us and stop the Laos government persecuting us for being the CIA 's foot - soldiers during the secret war , " he says .
More than 30 years ago , when the Vietnam War finished and the CIA pulled their agents out , Cher Fer was a young man .
When the Americans left , they took a handful of Hmong fighters with them , leaving more than 10,000 of their allies behind to fend for themselves .
Bitter at their betrayal , the Laos government persecuted those who had fought alongside the Americans , forcing the Hmong to retreat deep inside the jungle .
" We had no choice but to take the weapons the Americans gave us and flee to the jungle , " said another CIA veteran Chong Pha Thao , wiping tears from his cheeks .
" Then the Vietnamese joined forces with the Laos communists and hunted us like animals in the jungle , leaving our people 's corpses to rot when they killed them . "
Members of the once proud and formidable fighting force now lie on the ground , abandoning all dignity to beg for help , even from a visiting journalist , their personification of the West .
Identifying themselves as CIA soldiers , they plead over and over again for the Americans to return , and take them out of their " living hell " .
" I am CIA .
In 1970 Mr Jerry gave me this M79 and told me to shoot enemy , " Cher Fer says in a perfect American accent , as he waves a battered grenade - launcher in the air .
" We have lost thousands of troops for America – when the Laos soldiers kill us they feel like they have killed an America soldier .
The CIA must come and save us . "
The fantasty that America will one day come and liberate them has motivated the veterans and their families to struggle on through for the last 30 years .
But despite the Hmong rebels ' alliance with the CIA , the American government has made little effort to extract them from the jungle .
Bill Lair , the legendary CIA agent who co-ordinated the operation to build an anti-Communist resistance army out of poorly educated jungle tribespeople , defended the Agency 's actions .
Speaking by phone from his home in Waco , Texas , he said that the US originally hired the Hmong and used Thai recruits to train them because the Hmong " were better than anyone else around , every step they took was up or down so they could move a lot faster than the enemy " .
But when asked if America should now take steps to save them , he replied : " The CIA owes them nothing .
We gave them the choice to leave but they decided to stay , thinking they could go back to how they used to live in the mountains " .
In 2007 , Vang Pao , the leader of the Hmong rebels appointed by the CIA , who later emigrated to the US and was a Hmong community leader there , was arrested in California and charged by the US with conspiring to overthrow the Laos government .
The charges were later dropped , but the message was clear : America was now on the side of Laos , its former enemy , an enemy it trained Vang Pao to fight .
Barack Obama 's election to the White House was seen as a beacon of hope for Hmong advocates .
He has called for all parties to respect international law and " ensure that displaced Hmong are not placed in harm 's way " .
However , despite an international furore , more than 4,500 Hmong refugees were forcibly repatriated back to Laos by Thailand where they had sought refuge .
The US government issued statements saying it was concerned , but took no action .
The Laos government subsequently invited three US congressmen to visit .
They later claimed that the returnees were being treated well which ignited anger among Hmong advocates said the trip was orchestrated by the Laos government .
Weeks later , visiting Congressman Joseph Cao said he would like to increase aid to Laos .
But Hmong leaders believe US aid has already been funnelled into the Laos government 's military efforts to eliminate , as the Hmong call themselves , the " CIA 's forgotten allies "
Cut off from the outside world , this is the first time the jungle leaders have heard that the Hmong refugees were being sent back to Laos .
On receiving the news their despair is evident .
" At least before , we thought we could escape to Thailand but now we have no place to run to , " says Chao Fer as he looks over to a mountain just three miles away .
" We can't keep running , soon we will all die here .
Just over that mountain is where the enemy is and as we speak they are hunting us down with dogs – it's just a matter of time before they attack us again . "
Weeks earlier the Laos army had stormed the Hmong 's previous temporary camp in what they believe was part of campaign to prepare for the 25th Southeast Asian Games .
In the raid a 14 - year - old boy was killed , the leaders say he was unarmed and foraging for food to feed his family .
" My son was shot by the communists last month , " the boy 's mother says as she prepares food for her other children .
He did n't have any gun , just finding food for us but I do n't have the ability to do anything – I can only die inside " .
Frequent attacks force the groups to change camp every two weeks and break up into small numbers to avoid large - scale offensives by the Laos army .
This leaves the community no chance to farm food or forge a proper way of life .
With no other choice , boiled tree shrub has become their daily diet and at times they are lucky if they can catch a jungle rat or monkey .
The lack of nutrients has left the group visibly malnourished – both young and old have swollen abdomens .
Eating the tree shrub leaves them starving , so like animals , women and children take to the surrounding hills to dig on their hands and knees .
Outside the camp , they claim that many women and children have been killed by the Laos army and the " lucky ones " have bullet wounds to show .
" I feel so unhappy to give this food to my kids , but we have no other choice , " one mother explains .
" It 's too dangerous to hunt and we can't reach the villages because the communists will kill us .
Sometimes we are too scared to go out so we just starve . "
The Lao foreign ministry spokesman Khenthong Nuanthasing has denied that the group exists , stating , if anything , they are nothing more than " bandits " .
However , according to the Hmong , the Laos army has recently increased their campaign with the assistance of the Vietnamese .
Hmong leaders report that the intensity of attacks against them has increased and their groups are being driven further and further into the jungle .
A planned trip by Vang Pal to visit Vientiane , the Laos capital , to try and strike a peace deal has been cancelled citing security risks .
The Laos government has announced that if he returns he will " face the death sentence for his war crimes during the Vietnam War " .
In the jungle camp , fear is written on all the faces , even those of the children .
With Thailand apparently turning its back on them , and the US seemingly ignoring their plight , they know their chances of survival are slim .
As the entire group gathers to say farewell , one old lady grabs my hand and whispers in my ear .
Obey , Servants
Malaika Brooks was driving her son to Seattle 's African American Academy in 2004 when she was stopped for doing 32 mph in a school zone .
She insisted it was the car in front of her that was speeding , and refused to sign the ticket because she thought she'd be admitting guilt .
Rather than give her the ticket and let her go on her way , the officers decided to arrest her .
One reached in , turned off her car and dropped the keys on the floor .
Brooks stiffened her arms against the steering wheel and told the officers she was pregnant , but refused to get out , even after they threatened to stun her .
The officers — Sgt. Steven Daman , Officer Juan Ornelas and Officer Donald Jones — then stunned her three times , in the thigh , shoulder and neck , and hauled her out of the car , laying her face - down in the street .
Brooks gave birth to a healthy baby two months later , but has permanent scars from the Taser .
She sued the officers for violating her constitutional rights , and U.S. District Judge Richard Jones allowed the case to continue .
He declined to grant the officers immunity for performing their official duties and said Brooks ' rights were clearly violated .
But in a 2 - 1 ruling Friday , a panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals disagreed .
Judges Cynthia Holcomb Hall and Diarmuid F. O'Scannlain held that the officers were justified in making an arrest because Brooks was obstructing them and resisting arrest .
The use of force was also justified because of the threat Brooks posed , Hall wrote : " It seems clear that Brooks was not going to be able to harm anyone with her car at a moment 's notice .
Nonetheless , some threat she might retrieve the keys and drive off erratically remained , particularly given her refusal to leave the car and her state of agitation . "
They also noted that the force used was n't that serious because the Taser was in " touch " mode rather than " dart " mode , which hurts more .
They reversed the lower court 's opinion and held that the officers were entitled to immunity from the lawsuit .
Japan will not comply if a ban on international trade in Atlantic bluefin tuna is imposed , a senior official said after the United States threw its support behind the move ahead of a crucial vote on banning exports of the fish that 's prized in Japan for sushi .
" If worse comes to worst , Japan will inevitably have to lodge its reservations , " Vice Fishery Minister Masahiko Yamada said .
His comments came a day after the United States threw its support behind the ban on the international trade in Atlantic bluefin tuna , which conservationists say risks extinction if current catch rates continue .
Washington showed its support ahead of a March 13 - 25 meeting in Qatar , where 175 member countries of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora , or CITES , will vote on the ban proposed by Monaco .
A ban would require support by two - thirds of member nations .
Bluefin tuna stocks in the Eastern Atlantic and Mediterranean dropped by 60 percent between 1997 and 2007 , a result of surging demand as well as illegal and underreported catches .
About 80 percent of all Atlantic bluefin ends up in Japan , where the fish is a key ingredient in sashimi and sushi .
Fatty bluefin - called " o - toro " here - can go for as much as 2000 yen ( NZ $ 32 ) a piece in high - end Tokyo restaurants .
Japan opposes the ban , but Yamada said the country is committed to protecting bluefin species .
Tokyo believes that catch quotas , which have already been cut 40 percent this year to 13,500 tons by another body , the International Commission on the Conservation of Atlantic Tuna , should be sufficient .
Environmentalists say the quotas are widely ignored and are too high anyway .
If a trade ban on the species appears inevitable , Japan may register a reservation , which in practical terms means it could engage in trade with any other nation that also registers a reservation .
" There are countries that support our stance .
We will continue to make our best efforts until the very last minute , " Yamada said .
Other tuna species , including the Pacific bluefin , bigeye and yellowfin , would not be affected by the ban .
The European Commission has proposed that EU governments commit to the ban , although there still appears to be some division .
Greece , Malta , Spain and Italy - which have strong fisherman lobbies - have resisted steps to curtail the hunt for bluefin , but recently France signalled it would support a trade ban if its implementation were delayed .
War and Peace is a one - button 2 - minute game that replicates the major game mechanisms found in Civilization .
As in Civilization , you have to choose carefully which technologies you research , when to build up your cities and when to be more aggressive , depending on which kind of victory you 're shooting for ( conquest , domination , or spaceship ) .
You just do it with a single button .
DOWNLOAD GAME ( PC version only )
Instructions
No installation needed .
Just launch the game to play .
Press any button or any key to switch between WAR and PEACE modes .
Back button and backspace return to menu .
Escape quits the game .
Press F4 to switch between fullscreen and windowed modes .
Press F9 to save a screenshot .
Compatible with Microsoft Xbox game pad .
Source Code
The Game Maker source code for this game is available under a GNU General Public Licence :
DOWNLOAD SOURCE
1
Separate the colors of Skittles that you want to flavor the vodka with .
Many people choose to leave out the green , which is lime if you 're using original Skittles , and purple , which is grape in the original style , as they can create a weird taste combination or a less than appealing color for the final product .
However , you can put them in if you want .
If you do n't mind mixed flavors , you can just skip this step altogether .
Note that if you choose to mix the flavors together , you will create an unappetizing brownish color .
The fall of a Wall Street highflier
Erin Callan , onetime CFO of Lehman Brothers , who soared , then crashed during the financial crisis .
( Fortune Magazine ) -- When Erin Callan talked , people listened .
Such was the case at least on the March 2008 weekend after Bear Stearns collapsed .
Global markets were reeling .
Many feared that Lehman Brothers would be the next to fail .
And Callan , a tax - lawyer - turned - investment - banker who had rocketed to CFO of Lehman at age 41 , was about to be tested .
Throughout the weekend and then on Monday from 5 a.m. on , Lehman 's brass , including Callan , hunkered down in the firm 's Manhattan headquarters , making phone calls in the hopes of calming investors and trading partners .
Despite their efforts , Lehman shares tumbled 19 % that day .
By Tuesday the onus had shifted to her .
She 'd been CFO for only three months , and now she was essentially being asked to save the firm .
She 'd have to explain Lehman 's quarterly results .
That meant sitting in a conference room with just a speakerphone and one colleague , and convincing panicked shareholders that Lehman was not in fact facing Armageddon .
Before the call , CEO Dick Fuld patted Callan on the back .
" Good luck ! " he said .
" I was like , ' Oh , my God , ' " she recalled .
" Like it just hit me at that point :
There 's a lot of pressure here . "
But given a challenge , Callan always delivered .
Over the next hour she fielded two dozen questions and assuaged suspicions that Lehman 's assets were worth billions less than the firm claimed .
Callan succeeded , and Lehman 's stock price jumped 15 % in an hour , lifting the firm 's market value by more than $ 4 billion .
Upstairs , she saw Fuld again .
" Dick said , ' The only complaint I have is that you should n't have hung up on the call .
Because as long as you were on there , the stock kept coming up . ' "
Lehman 's bond traders gave her high - fives .
For a moment Erin Callan was the most powerful woman on Wall Street .
" Moment " is the key word , because she arrived like a flash -- a bright , glamorous figure , the likes of which Wall Street had never seen in a finance chief .
She burned out even more quickly .
Her appointment as CFO -- the first woman ever on Lehman 's 13 - person executive committee -- made her a bona fide breaker of the glass ceiling .
But her promotion also stunned many people .
Callan lacked a background in accounting , treasury , or operations -- the usual routes to the CFO position .
When Lehman landed in the vortex of the financial crisis and CEO Fuld retreated from public view , Callan became the face of the firm .
Her seeming candor and confident turns on CNBC briefly fueled positive publicity : " Lehman 's Straight Shooter , " the Wall Street Journal titled a May 2008 profile .
One month later Callan was out .
Three months after that , Lehman went bust .
So ended the saga of Erin Callan as most people know it .
But the rest of her story -- before her rise and after her fall -- is equally intriguing , perhaps more so .
It 's also draped in mystery .
Today , 18 months after Lehman 's bankruptcy , most of Callan 's ex-colleagues are back in the game .
Some , like Fuld , have started their own firms .
Others have moved to private equity .
Many have landed at Barclays ( BCS ) , the British bank that bought the firm 's U.S. core out of bankruptcy .
And Callan ?
She 's gone Garbo .
Poof !
Callan has simply vanished from the business world .
A month after leaving Lehman , she accepted a job at a rival investment bank , Credit Suisse ( CS ) -- only to depart five months after starting there .
Ever since , she has been out of touch , cutting off communication with practically all her former colleagues and many friends and declining repeated requests to be interviewed .
( Callan 's quotes in this article are taken from an interview she gave this magazine right after joining Credit Suisse and another that Fortune contributing editor William Cohan conducted with her right before she lost her job at Lehman . )
Why did a person with such drive and ambition -- still only 44 today -- give up her career ?
Read the full story on what happened to Erin Callan
It 's amusing to reduce the development of next - generation electric - or hydrogen - powered cars to a binary paper - versus - plastic decision , but the companies making these cars and the infrastructure to support them are hoping there will be room for both .
Hydrogen cars , in particular , have had a bumpy road thus far — the Obama administration has been at odds with Congress over whether to fund hydrogen fuel - cell research .
Meanwhile , the first commercial models are not expected to hit the road until 2015 , a few years after their hybrid and all - electric counterparts .
To help steer hydrogen back into the spotlight , carmaker Daimler , AG , teamed with the German government Wednesday at a press conference hosted in Washington , D.C. , by the National Hydrogen Association * to present their case for the continued development of hydrogen fuel cell cars and the infrastructure to support them .
Public perception of late seems to be that battery - powered vehicles will be the key players in displacing gasoline - dependent internal combustion engines , " but we believe that hydrogen will also play a role , and that the two technologies are complementary , " Klaus Bonhoff , managing director of Germany 's National Organization Hydrogen and Fuel Cells Technology ( NOW ) , said during the event , which Daimler sponsored .
The German federal government created NOW , which is largely funded by private sector businesses , to manage hydrogen and other fuel - cell technologies developed by the German National Innovation Program ( NIP ) .
" In the public discussion people tend to say that industry is not interested in hydrogen , but it 's the opposite .
Activities are actually increasing , " Bonhoff said .
NOW sees hydrogen cars as a key element in the German government 's plans to reduce the nation 's carbon dioxide emissions 80 percent by 2050 .
One significant step along the way will be for Germans to be driving vehicles that produce no more than 60 grams of carbon dioxide per kilometer by 2030 , Bonhoff said , adding that hydrogen - powered cars have the potential to emit as little as 40 grams of CO2 per kilometer .
He noted that even highly optimized internal combustion engines are not likely to emit less than 110 grams of CO2 per kilometer .
The hydrogen could come from a number of sources , including renewable energy such as a wind - to - hydrogen system and biofuels .
" Hydrogen is a commodity in some industries , " Bonhoff said .
" We need to figure out how to make it available to the transportation industry . "
One of the primary difficulties of introducing to the market an alternative to gas - powered cars — whether powered by a battery or fuel cell — is building up the number of new cars on the road while building out a new fueling infrastructure .
Hydrogen supplies could be trucked in initially , but eventually pipelines carrying the fuel to filling stations would be required , Bonhoff said .
Perhaps the main impediment to success is breaking out of the chicken - and - egg cycle : Providers of the hydrogen infrastructure want assurances that there will be a lot of hydrogen - powered vehicles on the road , but carmakers cannot sell the cars without having the infrastructure in place .
From Daimler 's perspective , " the fueling infrastructure has not become real to the extent that we have wanted , " Ron Grasman , Daimler 's manager of fuel - cell vehicles , said at the event .
Still , he added that the German government 's stimulus plan is expected to fund new hydrogen filling stations to complement the four already located within the country .
Daimler has spent more than $ 1.7 billion on hydrogen car technology to date , Grasman said .
The company 's entry into this market is the Sprinter , which it plans to make commercially available in 2015 .
The car has already gone through several iterations over the past several years as hydrogen fuel - cell technology has been developed .
The most recent version can go from zero to 100 kilometers in 11.4 seconds , reach a top speed of 170 kilometers per hour , and operate for an estimated 385 kilometers before refueling .
Several other car companies , including Ford , General Motors , Honda and Toyota are also targeting this time frame to roll out hydrogen - powered vehicles .
Germany plans to create an infrastructure for hydrogen vehicles over the next seven - to - 10 years via a program called H2 Mobility .
Grasman said the model that the government is developing could , with some effort , work in the U.S. market , as well .
The U.S. has been a leader in hydrogen fuel - cell development in the past and is in a good position to promote this technology moving forward , he added .
Washington itself is divided on whether to commit to hydrogen - powered autos .
U.S. Department of Energy Secretary Steven Chu said the federal government was cutting funding for hydrogen car development in favor of improved internal combustion engines and plug - in electric hybrids .
Chu pointed to the difficulties of creating a hydrogen filling - station infrastructure and developing a long - lasting portable fuel cell as two of the reasons that hydrogen - powered vehicles would take a backseat to electric vehicles and hybrids .
This assessment was in stark contrast with the George W. Bush White House , which had committed $ 1.2 billion on research and development for hydrogen - powered fuel cells .
In October , however , the Senate voted to restore nearly all the money — about $ 200 million — that the Obama administration was planning to cut .
The tug - of - war continues , as the White House 's fiscal 2011 budget request would slash funding for hydrogen fuel cells and biofuels .
" We 've had a very hard year in the automobile industry , and it might look like there has n't been much work in fuel cells , " Grasman acknowledged .
Still , none of the major carmakers have given up their hydrogen programs , because they realize that there is no single solution for replacing internal combustion engines , he added , saying that the plug - in electric car will be a " niche vehicle , " whereas hydrogen - powered cars can travel greater distances and refuel faster .
* Editor 's Note : The National Hydrogen Association is part of the Partnership for Advancing the Transition to Hydrogen .
We 're back to bring you another round of our favorite Android applications .
Find out what we like this week after the break .
Casey Chan - MLB
At Bat 2010
Spring is in the air , which means baseball season is right around the corner .
And there 's no better way to follow the Dodgers ( or your baseball team ) than with MLB At Bat 2010 .
You get to listen to audio broadcasts of every game , watch game highlights as they happen , view realtime box scores , and even track every pitch .
Unfortunately , it does n't stream live games , but even without live streams it 's still worth every penny of its price tag .
If you 're a big baseball fan , you wo n't be disappointed .
$ 14.99 | Market Link
Jerry Hildenbrand - cVolume
I 've switched to cVolume for sound profiles and could n't be happier .
The app gives you access to all the volume sliders on your system , quick access to silent / vibrate / normal ringer modes , preset profile schemes and the ability to customize profiles to your liking .
The app comes with two 1x1 widgets , one for sound on / off and one for ringer mode that toggles between normal vibrate or silent .
Free ( Market link ) or ¥ 99 ( about $ 1 ) donation version ( Market link )
Phil Nickinson - Droid Analytics
A must for anyone who keeps track of their Web site 's traffic through Google Analytics .
The app's easy - to - use UI gives you figures for page views , visits , visitors , pages - per- visit , bounce rate and time on site .
You can view numbers daily , weekly , monthly or by year .
€ 0.99 ( about $ 1.36 ) ( Market link )
Dieter Bohn - Robo Defense
While I wait for the One True Crossword app for Android , I 've been playing and loving Robo Defense .
It 's your standard tower defense type of game , but there 's a breadth of level designs and an addictive upgrade path that keeps me coming back .
Free ( Market link ) or $ 2.99 ( Market link )
Mickey Papillon - Evernote
For someone who is constantly switching between devices and on the go , trying to remember when you did certain things can sometimes feel impossible .
Evernote allows you to synchronize all sorts of content over the internet to a variety of platforms including the desktop , and of course your Android smartphone .
The phone interface allows you to upload snapshots , audio recordings , text notes and other files that automatically syncs to the evernote servers .
Free ( Market link )
Jared DiPane - Bebbled
Often times I find myself with a couple minutes here and there to kill , and well since I always have my Droid with me , usually I end up pulling it out to play .
I stumbled upon a rather addicting game in the marketplace called Bebbled , which is similar to the popular game Bejeweled .
The game is rather simplistic , as you just have to match the colors , and pop the bubbles , but it 's great in that you can play for just five minutes , or keep going for hours of fun .
If you are looking for something to occupy a little of your spare time this game is well worth the download .
Free ( Market link )
posted by on November 12 at 13:48 PM
For Annie …
In Twelth Night the servant Malvolio examines a love letter written , so he ’s been told , by his lady .
He examines the handwriting and exclaims …
By my life , this is my lady ’s hand these be her very C’s , her U’s and her T’s and thus makes she her great P’s .
It is , in contempt of question , her hand .
In performance , of course , “ and her T ’s ” comes out “ N her T’s , ” thus spelling out CUNT — and it is with her cunt that Malvolio ’s lady makes her great P’s .
Ah , the classics .
I like my iPhone , kinda .
It 's not that great as a phone , but it does have lots of fun apps .
The maps hardly ever tell me to take a wrong turn at the last second , and I rather enjoy taking fuzzy red photos in low light levels .
Snark aside , there are a lot of good science and entertainment apps for the iPhone .
But because I am so stubbornly reality - based , it did n't occur to me that there would be some apps that border -- if not flounce solidly into -- alt - med nonsensery .
That is , until I received an email from BABLoggee Cameron Carr , who told me about an app that cures headaches .
Hmmm .
Called , oddly enough , " Headache " , it uses " ... principles of Traditional Chinese Medicine [ that ] teach that energy imbalances in the body often contribute to headache symptoms , and these imbalances can be corrected with pressure to specific points on the body . "
Energy balances !
Wow , that sure sounds sciencey !
Except whenever you talk to people who believe in this , they can never really tell you what energy is , or how it flows , or what precisely it does .
I guess it only sounds sciencey .
So basically , this app embraces both the ancient and the modern , but with a slippery grip on both .
My favorite line in the app description is , " Selected by licensed acupuncturists , these points may bring you safe , natural , effective relief . "
Hmm , just " may " ?
And c'mon , " natural " ?
The app can make your phone emit sounds or vibrate , which it claims " may " relieve your headache if you hold the phone against these imagined points .
How is that " natural " ?
Even Steve Jobs would n't claim that .
Having this stuff supported by acupuncturists does n't exactly fill me with confidence either .
Acupuncture is the idea that sticking needles at certain locations in your body can restore the balance of this energy flow .
If that 's true , acupuncture can be tested to see if it works .
Surprise !
It has been , and it does n't .
Or , to be more precise , it does n't work any better than the placebo effect .
The thing about headaches is , they can have lots of causes .
Sometimes they go away by themselves , sometimes they do n't .
Certainly the placebo effect will help some percentage of the time , as might a gentle vibration ( just as a gentle neck massage might relieve some symptoms as well ) .
So testing a product like this is n't easy ... and there are approximately a bajillion other products like it , so they 'll never all get tested .
There are a hundred ridiculous products -- no , probably ten thousand -- for every person actually willing to do a proper scientific test of its efficacy .
There 'll never be an end to them .
I cannot say whether this app really works , or is thinly disguised quackery .
Given the description on the app's page , I suspect it 's just another alt - med claim with little or no evidence in support of it , just as I suspect it 'll do quite well .
Just as the company 's Aulterra cell phone EM neutralizer probably does quite well ( and you have to read that page to believe -- or disbelieve -- it ) despite there being no credible evidence that cell phones cause any harm ... unless you 're using one while driving , or skydiving .
Science pays in the long run , but stuff you just make up pays off really well in the short run .
And since it 'll never , ever , go away , nonsense pays off in the long run too .
I wish there were an app to cure that .
R1CH Profile Blog Joined May 2007 Netherlands 10027 Posts Last Edited : 2011-12-19 17:33:09 #
1
UPDATE : Note that when I refer to latency in this post , I 'm meaning network latency over the wire .
Starcraft 2 includes a built - in command buffer that also adds input latency to smooth out and jittering or higher ping players - no amount of tweaking will reduce or alter that .
UPDATE 2 : After some more research it appears SC2 is routed peer to peer rather than server based .
Very disappointing .
Irrelevant portions of this thread have been struck through .
Since I see a lot of misinformation flying around , here 's some brief information about SC2 and how its networking works .
UPDATE : Note that when I refer to latency in this post , I 'm meaning network latency over the wire .
Starcraft 2 includes a built - in command buffer that also adds input latency to smooth out and jittering or higher ping players - no amount of tweaking will reduce or alter that .
UPDATE 2 : After some more research it appears SC2 is routed peer to peer rather than server based .
Very disappointing .
Irrelevant portions of this thread have been UPDATE 3 : Most of this thread is no longer relevant as this was written during the beta .
The actual release uses UDP for game data so it has no issues with TCP latency .
Architecture
Stacraft 2 games run using a server , similar to HoN - not peer to peer as the original BW does .
This means that Blizzard is the one hosting the games , not you ( note : custom games were not tested ) .
The protocol is TCP , not UDP .
I 'm unsure why Blizzard decided to go with TCP / IP , since latency is generally worse over TCP especially with regard to lost packets .
Perhaps they did n't want to deal with fragmentation or NAT issues ?
" Drop hacks " / Lag
Since other players also connect to Blizzard 's server , not you , there is no way to be " drop hacked " in SC2 .
Drop hacking involves terminating the connection to the other player via some means - trivial in BW since both players are connected to each other - desynchronize the connection and you get a drop .
However in SC2 , since you are only connected to Blizzard 's server , not the other player , the most you can do is disconnect yourself from the server , causing you to drop .
Since the server knows who disconnected , it can award the win to the remaining player .
Note that this does not preclude any bugs in SC2 that might allow someone to purposefully cause a drop condition by sending malformed packets that crash the server ( thus dropping everyone ) , but given the server architecture , drop hacking should not be an issue in SC2 provided the servers are reliable and well - coded .
You may notice there is still the " Waiting for players " screen .
Rather than allow the server to continue if one player is lagging , it pauses the game for everyone .
This was done out of fairness I imagine , since if someone is lagging it would not be fair for them to have to engage the other players army .
Technically there is no reason why the game can't keep going similar to how HoN handles latency where only the player lagging experiences any lag .
In theory this should allow a large number of spectators to be in a game without impacting the latency for the players - if a spectator lags , who cares ?
Port Forwarding
Since Starcraft 2 does not use peer to peer connections , you do not need to open any ports to play nor will doing so " improve " your connection .
You connect to Blizzard 's server , much like you connect to teamliquid .
net every time you click a link - you do not need to open ports for outgoing connections .
Map Hacking
Please keep in mind this is not a thread to discuss map hacking in , just some technical commentary .
As some people have argued , since SC2 uses a server , it should be possible for the server to eliminate map hacking by only sending unit data for what a player can currently see .
Theoretically , this could work - however as many have pointed out , SC2 is a lot more complex than other games such as HoN that do this - in HoN , there is a very small amount of units you have to consider , with only a few of those ( heroes ) having any particular state .
With SC2 , there can be hundreds of units , each in many states .
If someone moves into your fog of war with hundreds of units that your game does n't know about , that will result in a large amount of data required to be sent to your client .
TCP does n't burst particularly well , and if one of those packets in the burst is lost , you have a significant delay .
There is also spells such as Scan that reveal part of the map immediately on clicking , which the server has no way to predict you using .
While it is technically possible to reduce map hacking with some clever coding and possibly imperceptible latency compromises , this was not done .
The technical requirements for such impose a great deal on the latency of the game , and for an RTS latency is extremely important .
Which brings me on to ...
Improving Latency
As I 've mentioned , SC2 uses TCP .
TCP is designed for data transfer with latency as a secondary consideration to bandwidth , so is n't really ideal for real - time games .
Almost every FPS game in existence uses UDP for this reason .
TCP requires reliable delivery - if a packet is lost , it has to be retransmitted , stalling the rest of the data while this happens .
There is a small tweak you can make to improve TCP responsiveness for gaming .
Change TcpAckFrequency to 1 :
Since Starcraft 2 does not use peer to peer connections , you do not need to open any ports to play nor will doing so " improve " your connection .
You connect to Blizzard 's server , much like you connect to teamliquid .
net every time you click a link - you do not need to open ports for outgoing connections .
As I 've mentioned , SC2 uses TCP .
TCP is designed for data transfer with latency as a secondary consideration to bandwidth , so is n't really ideal for real - time games .
Almost every FPS game in existence uses UDP for this reason .
TCP requires reliable delivery - if a packet is lost , it has to be retransmitted , stalling the rest of the data while this happens .
There is a small tweak you can make to improve TCP responsiveness for gaming .
Change TcpAckFrequency to 1 :
How
Run registry editor ( Start , Run , regedit ) and navigate to HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet \Services\Tcpip\Parameters\Interfaces .
You will see a list of random looking keys , find the one that has the " IPAddress " value that matches your current IP .
Right click on the right side and go New -> DWORD .
Call it TcpAckFrequency with a value of 1 .
Why this works
Usually TCP delays sending acknowledgments of received data until either more data has been received OR a timeout period elapses .
This timeout period may be because the sending side is waiting for the ack before sending more data .
By setting TcpAckFrequency to 1 , you send an acknowledgment immediately rather than waiting , preventing miniature " stalls " in the data stream .
Note that this WILL reduce your bandwidth , as you will be sending more ack packets , thus using more network resources .
Things that MIGHT help
If you use ADSL , your connection may use interleaving which is a method of error resistance that adds latency to your connection .
Look in your ADSL modem settings for an option to turn it off .
Note that this may increase the chances of line noise affecting your connection , so it might be required to be on .
You may need to contact your ISP as it may be something controlled on their side , but do n't expect them to be too accommodating .
Wired vs wireless :
A properly configured wireless network should have minimal latency , however if you are in a crowded area with obstructions and other 2.4 GHz noise , the latency caused by retransmissions might add up and cause issues .
Try pinging your router - your latency should be 1 - 2 ms at most .
If not , try a wired connection while gaming .
If you have a low quality wireless card ( common in cheap desktop / laptops ) , you may experience random periods of lag while it switches frequencies for background scanning ( used for roaming between access points ) .
You can turn off background scans with a tool such as
Tweaking your RWIN ( Windows XP only ) may help - see any number of guides online regarding this .
Things that will NOT help
There is a huge amount of useless information on the Internet that offers supposedly improved performance .
The following will NOT improve your network quality at all : Opening your ports .
Changing " TCPNoDelay " registry setting .
Changing " NetworkThrottlingIndex " registry setting .
Changing " TcpDelAckTicks " registry setting .
Disabling " QoS Packet Scheduler " .
In fact , very few registry tweaks will help - there 's usually a good reason defaults are the defaults .
If you use ADSL , your connection may use interleaving which is a method of error resistance that adds latency to your connection .
Look in your ADSL modem settings for an option to turn it off .
Note that this may increase the chances of line noise affecting your connection , so it might be required to be on .
You may need to contact your ISP as it may be something controlled on their side , but do n't expect them to be too accommodating .
Wired vs wireless :
A properly configured wireless network should have minimal latency , however if you are in a crowded area with obstructions and other 2.4 GHz noise , the latency caused by retransmissions might add up and cause issues .
Try pinging your router - your latency should be 1 - 2 ms at most .
If not , try a wired connection while gaming .
If you have a low quality wireless card ( common in cheap desktop / laptops ) , you may experience random periods of lag while it switches frequencies for background scanning ( used for roaming between access points ) .
You can turn off background scans with a tool such as WlanOptimizer ( Vista / 7 only ) .
Tweaking your RWIN ( Windows XP only ) may help - see any number of guides online regarding this .
There is a huge amount of useless information on the Internet that offers supposedly improved performance .
The following will NOT improve your network quality at all : Opening your ports .
Changing " TCPNoDelay " registry setting .
Changing " NetworkThrottlingIndex " registry setting .
Changing " TcpDelAckTicks " registry setting .
Disabling " QoS Packet Scheduler " .
In fact , very few registry tweaks will help - there 's usually a good reason defaults are the defaults .
Administrator Twitter : @R1CH_TL
Wr3 k Profile Blog Joined June 2009 Canada 2533 Posts # 2 Thanks Rich .
Lysithea Profile Joined February 2008 Sweden 200 Posts Last Edited : 2010-03-26 00:14:34 # 3
On March 25 2010 05:00 R1CH wrote :
Improving Latency
Change TcpAckFrequency to 1 :
< div style = " margin - left : 32 px " >
How
Run registry editor ( Start , Run , regedit ) and navigate to HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet \Services\Tcpip\Parameters\Interfaces .
You will see a list of random looking keys , find the one that has the " IPAddress " value that matches your current IP .
Right click on the right side and go New -> DWORD .
Call it TcpAckFrequency with a value of 1 .
Those of us that played wow noticed this a few years ago as well , I went from ~200 ms ingame to around 50 ms .
I do it manually in regedit but for those that are less used to tinker around in the regedit here 's a simple program that fixes this for you regardless of win os :
( it has nothing to do with wow , just happens to be hosted on a wow related site )
Those of us that played wow noticed this a few years ago as well , I went from ~200 ms ingame to around 50 ms .
I do it manually in regedit but for those that are less used to tinker around in the regedit here 's a simple program that fixes this for you regardless of win os : http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info13581-LeatrixLatencyFix.html
( it has nothing to do with wow , just happens to be hosted on a wow related site ) " Float like a butterfly , sting like a bee . "
- Muhammad Ali
Wr3 k Profile Blog Joined June 2009 Canada 2533 Posts Last Edited : 2010-03-24 20:17:29 # 4
So what exactly does the TCPAck Frequency setting do ?
Does it have something to do with window size ?
Edit : Nvm , you explained it .
Excalibur_Z Profile Joined October 2002 United States 11881 Posts # 5 Great analysis R1CH .
Although SC2 uses the " routed peer - to - peer " system , apparently similar to the one that Blizzard touted for War3 , it does n't appear that TcpAckFrequency would have any effect unless every player participating in the game had set it to the same value .
Essentially , you 're always playing at the speed of the slowest player , because any desyncs or delays call the Waiting for Players screen , right ?
The more people that know about the regkey , the better , though .
I suppose it 's probably too late to expect Blizzard to restructure their netcode around UDP and simply adopt the measures for software port forwarding that War3 included .
Moderator
theqat Profile Blog Joined March 2008 United States 2213 Posts Last Edited : 2010-03-24 20:21:56 #6
Wow , thanks R1CH
Edit : TcpAckFrequency should be a hexadecimal value ?
R1CH Profile Blog Joined May 2007 Netherlands 10027 Posts # 7 On March 25 2010 05:17 Excalibur_Z wrote :
SC2 uses the " routed peer - to - peer " system .
How do you know this ?
It would seem pretty flawed if this were the case , and make a lot of my points invalid .
How do you know this ?
It would seem pretty flawed if this were the case , and make a lot of my points invalid Administrator Twitter : @R1CH_TL
onmach Profile Blog Joined March 2009 United States 1241 Posts Last Edited : 2010-03-24 20:22:34 # 8
I 'm surprised sc2 uses tcp .
That 's pretty strange , but I guess the blizzard guys know what they are doing .
Excalibur_Z Profile Joined October 2002 United States 11881 Posts Last Edited : 2010-03-24 20:29:09 #9
On March 25 2010 05:19 R1CH wrote :
Show nested quote +
On March 25 2010 05:17 Excalibur_Z wrote :
SC2 uses the " routed peer - to - peer " system .
How do you know this ?
It would seem pretty flawed if this were the case , and make a lot of my points invalid .
How do you know this ?
It would seem pretty flawed if this were the case , and make a lot of my points invalid
Is n't that basically what you described though ?
Player A sends data to the server which is then sent to Players B and C , Player B sends data to the server which is then sent to Players A and C , and so forth .
That is the War3 routed peer - to - peer system that Blizzard championed .
I use that in quotes for SC2 because on the surface it appears quite similar , but of course it may not be .
EDIT : Although I suppose from that vague description I described what could be either routed peer - to - peer or client / server =/ Regardless , my initial question stands : would n't this only have an impact if every player enabled it ?
Is n't that basically what you described though ?
Player A sends data to the server which is then sent to Players B and C , Player B sends data to the server which is then sent to Players A and C , and so forth .
That is the War3 routed peer - to - peer system that Blizzard championed .
I use that in quotes for SC2 because on the surface it appears quite similar , but of course it may not be .
EDIT : Although I suppose from that vague description I described what could be either routed peer - to - peer or client / server =/ Regardless , my initial question stands : would n't this only have an impact if every player enabled it ?
Moderator
Manaldski Profile Joined January 2004 229 Posts # 10
http://forum.ncix.com/forums/topic.php?id=1304406
http://www.donutey.com/intelpro.php
Note that the Integrated NICs are evolving and difference is getting narrower but its still good to get one especially if you want to game and torrent at the same time .
Nice write - up .
I tested the custom games and they are also routed through the server .
I may also add one thing on how you can improve your latency :
By getting a good add - in NIC .
Best ones are the Intels : Intel PRO / 1000 MT or GT ( old versions ) or the newer Intel PRO / 1000 CT , they are very good and cheap NICs , under $ 30 .
Here are same reviews comparing it with integrated NICs : Note that the Integrated NICs are evolving and difference is getting narrower but its still good to get one especially if you want to game and torrent at the same time .
R1CH Profile Blog Joined May 2007 Netherlands 10027 Posts # 11 On March 25 2010 05:26 Excalibur_Z wrote :
EDIT : Although I suppose from that vague description I described what could be either routed peer - to - peer or client / server =/ Regardless , my initial question stands : would n't this only have an impact if every player enabled it ?
If it was indeed a routed P2P rather than client / server , it would indeed minimize the benefit , but it would n't be completely worthless since assuming both sides are data starved the same amount of time , you reduce it 50 % by " fixing " it on your end .
If it was indeed a routed P2P rather than client / server , it would indeed minimize the benefit , but it would n't be completely worthless since assuming both sides are data starved the same amount of time , you reduce it 50 % by " fixing " it on your end .
Administrator Twitter : @R1CH_TL
RiGun Profile Joined February 2010 Argentina 155 Posts # 12 On March 25 2010 05:28 Manaldski wrote :
Nice write - up .
I tested the custom games and they are also routed through the server .
I may also add one thing on how you can improve your latency :
By getting a good add - in NIC .
Best ones are the Intels : Intel PRO / 1000 MT or GT ( old versions ) or the newer Intel PRO / 1000 CT , they are very good and cheap NICs , under $ 30 .
Here are same reviews comparing it with integrated NICs :
http://forum.ncix.com/forums/topic.php?id=1304406
http://www.donutey.com/intelpro.php
Note that the Integrated NICs are evolving and difference is getting narrower but its still good to get one especially if you want to game and torrent at the same time .
Nice write - up .
I tested the custom games and they are also routed through the server .
I may also add one thing on how you can improve your latency :
By getting a good add - in NIC .
Best ones are the Intels : Intel PRO / 1000 MT or GT ( old versions ) or the newer Intel PRO / 1000 CT , they are very good and cheap NICs , under $ 30 .
Here are same reviews comparing it with integrated NICs : Note that the Integrated NICs are evolving and difference is getting narrower but its still good to get one especially if you want to game and torrent at the same time .
That 's an interesting review , I 've always thought that any NIC was enough for gaming , but there are some interesting results in that review .
That 's an interesting review , I 've always thought that any NIC was enough for gaming , but there are some interesting results in that review .
R1CH Profile Blog Joined May 2007 Netherlands 10027 Posts # 13 On March 25 2010 05:28 Manaldski wrote :
I may also add one thing on how you can improve your latency :
By getting a good add - in NIC .
Best ones are the Intels : Intel PRO / 1000 MT or GT ( old versions ) or the newer Intel PRO / 1000 CT , they are very good and cheap NICs , under $ 30 .
Here are same reviews comparing it with integrated NICs :
Gonna have to disagree there , at the data rates most games use there is very little benefit to offloading .
Even in the article you linked the only benefit was when maxing the connection with a torrent , and torrents are wildly erratic in speeds to begin with so I do n't consider that a valid test .
In any case it is n't a realistic scenario where you'd be gaming with large downloads going on in the background .
The only issue where a NIC really comes into play regarding latency is when running a server , where the amount of outgoing data begins to affect latency based on the link speed - eg 100 mbps vs 1gbps .
At 100 mbps , you have 13107 bytes / ms throughput vs 131070 bytes / ms .
Depending on the number of games , players , etc all hosted on the same server , this can begin to add up .
Gonna have to disagree there , at the data rates most games use there is very little benefit to offloading .
Even in the article you linked the only benefit was when maxing the connection with a torrent , and torrents are wildly erratic in speeds to begin with so I do n't consider that a valid test .
In any case it is n't a realistic scenario where you'd be gaming with large downloads going on in the background .
The only issue where a NIC really comes into play regarding latency is when running a server , where the amount of outgoing data begins to affect latency based on the link speed - eg 100 mbps vs 1gbps .
At 100 mbps , you have 13107 bytes / ms throughput vs 131070 bytes / ms .
Depending on the number of games , players , etc all hosted on the same server , this can begin to add up .
Administrator Twitter : @R1CH_TL
AnodyneSea Profile Blog Joined March 2010 Jamaica 757 Posts # 14 awesome post , i think you nailed it .
BW used to have servers though back in the day , i remember all those server splits and stuff and i could always join anybody 's games .
It was probably more cost effective after a certain number of years to get rid of them and make it the way it is now .
Lost within the hope of freedom , not for control but in the light of our cause
Osmoses Profile Blog Joined October 2008 Sweden 3785 Posts # 15 Awsum , I wish I knew jack shit about networking =)
Excuse me hun , but what is your name ?
Vivian ?
I woke up next to you naked and , uh , did we , um ?
7 Profile Joined February 2010 Canada 1218 Posts # 16 Really informative .
Thanks for taking the time to explain all this !
I love the sense of camaraderie when an entire line of cars teams up to prevent a dick from cutting in at the front .
Stay strong , brothers !
mgj Profile Blog Joined March 2010 191 Posts Last Edited : 2010-03-24 21:07:58 # 17
Improving Latency
+ Show Spoiler +
As I 've mentioned , SC2 uses TCP .
TCP is designed for data transfer with latency as a secondary consideration to bandwidth , so is n't really ideal for real - time games .
Almost every FPS game in existence uses UDP for this reason .
TCP requires reliable delivery - if a packet is lost , it has to be retransmitted , stalling the rest of the data while this happens .
There is a small tweak you can make to improve TCP responsiveness for gaming .
Change TcpAckFrequency to 1 :
How
Run registry editor ( Start , Run , regedit ) and navigate to HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet \Services\Tcpip\Parameters\Interfaces .
You will see a list of random looking keys , find the one that has the " IPAddress " value that matches your current IP .
Right click on the right side and go New -> DWORD .
Call it TcpAckFrequency with a value of 1 .
Why this works
Usually TCP delays sending acknowledgments of received data until either more data has been received OR a timeout period elapses .
This timeout period may be because the sending side is waiting for the ack before sending more data .
By setting TcpAckFrequency to 1 , you send an acknowledgment immediately rather than waiting , preventing miniature " stalls " in the data stream .
Note that this WILL reduce your bandwidth , as you will be sending more ack packets , thus using more network resources .
I just want to attach a link for the curious :
Awesome post R1CH , thanks !
Improving LatencyI just want to attach a link for the curious :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nagle's_algorithm
I 've always thought that any NIC was enough for gaming , but there are some interesting results in that review .
Yeah i've seen some pretty amazing results from gaming NIC 's before .
But honestly ?
I dont believe it for a second .
Your ISP 's peering and infrastructure is so much more important than the last router -> PC connection .
But hey , stranger things have happend .
Someone sponsor me a gaming NIC so i can check for myself =P
Yeah i've seen some pretty amazing results from gaming NIC 's before .
But honestly ?
I dont believe it for a second .
Your ISP 's peering and infrastructure is so much more important than the last router -> PC connection .
But hey , stranger things have happend .
Someone sponsor me a gaming NIC so i can check for myself =P
Things that MIGHT help
If you use ADSL , your connection may use interleaving which is a method of error resistance that adds latency to your connection .
I dont know about other countries , but where i live this option is not available directly for the end -user .
However , a lot of ISP 's will enable / disable fast interleave if you specificly request it .
Edit : Should read posts better .
You pretty much already covered what i said about interleaving .
I dont know about other countries , but where i live this option is not available directly for the end -user .
However , a lot of ISP 's will enable / disable fast interleave if you specificly request it .
Edit : Should read posts better .
You pretty much already covered what i said about interleaving .
Malambis Profile Joined August 2007 United States 20 Posts # 18 Good post R1CH , I had changed TcpAckFrequency on my previous install but had forgotten about it after reinstalling recently .
Polar_Nada Profile Blog Joined June 2008 United States 1547 Posts # 19 wowowow thanks for the info !!
[ ReD ] NaDa and fnaticMSI .SEn fighting ~ ! :: POlar @ UC Irvine : :
Whiplash Profile Blog Joined October 2008 United States 2801 Posts Last Edited : 2010-03-24 20:57:52 # 20
Thanks R1CH , I just did this and I am testing to see if I did it right .
My IP address was n't listed ( just the one from my home router , not the one at college ) so I used the old one .
It was the only IPAddress file that had a number as well .
Former professional broadcaster .
Back in college to get a degree , then back to e-Sports !
1 2 3 4 5 7 8 9 Next All
The Energizer Bunny infects PCs with backdoor malware , the Department of Homeland Security 's US - CERT said Friday .
According to researchers at US - CERT ( United States Computer Emergency Readiness Team ) , software that accompanies the Energizer DUO USB battery charger contains a Trojan horse that gives hackers total access to a Windows PC .
The Energizer DUO , a USB - powered nickel - metal hydride battery recharger , has been discontinued , said Energizer Holdings , which late Friday confirmed that the software contains malicious code .
The company has not said how the Trojan made its way into the software , however .
" Energizer is currently working with both CERT and U.S. government officials to understand how the code was inserted in the software , " Energizer said in a statement .
Energizer 's DUO was sold in the U.S. , Latin America , Europe and Asia starting in 2007 .
The Windows software included with the charger is designed to show battery - charging status .
When the software is installed , it creates the file " Arucer.dll , " which is actually a Trojan that listens for commands on TCP port 7777 .
Upon instructions , the Trojan can download and execute files , transmit files stolen from the PC , or tweak the Windows registry .
The Trojan automatically executes each time the PC is turned on , and remains active , even if the Energizer charger is not connected to the machine .
US - CERT urged users who had installed the Energizer software to uninstall it , which disables the automatic execution of the Trojan .
Alternately , users can remove the Arucer.dll from Windows ' " system32 " directory , then reboot the machine .
Both US - CERT and Symantec have published advisories about the Trojan .
Energizer said it has removed the software from its download site , and added that although it had offered similar software for Mac OS X , only the Windows version had been infected .
This is n't the first time that a hardware company has planted malware on unsuspecting customers '
PCs .
In 2007 , Seagate Technology admitted that an unknown number of its hard drives left an Asian manufacturing plant with Trojan horses , while the year before that Apple warned iPod owners that some of the music players carried a Windows virus .
In early 2008 , electronic retailer Best Buy confirmed it had sold digital picture frames with attack code that spread to connected PCs .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
Around the world , PlayStation 3 consoles simply are n't working like they 're supposed to , with an error — Error : 8001050 F — preventing people from not just going online , but from playing some PS3 games offline as well .
[ Post updated throughout day . ]
Advertisement
From Europe to the Americas to , well , my house in Australia , users ( mostly of older " Fat " consoles , those released before 2009's " PS3 Slim " ) have been complaining since Sunday that upon booting their consoles up , they 're unable to sign into their accounts , check their trophies , use dynamic themes or access the PlayStation Network .
That 's fine , Sony say there are PSN connection problems , and that they are " looking into it " .
Problem is , the error does more than just prevent you from going online .
It prevents you from playing certain games offline as well .
Even for some consoles that are n't connected to the PSN , like debug units .
The screen above is what I was greeted with on a retail console when attempting to play Heavy Rain , and pressing out of it simply reboots the PS3 , returning you to the main menu screen .
It 's the same story for other games that feature dynamic trophy support .
Advertisement
PSN games are no different ; I tried to boot up " Flower " , only to be greeted with a similar message about failed copyright protection , and it was right back to the XMB .
Sony say " stay tuned " for updates on the problem .
In turn , we 've emailed Sony for comment and will update if we hear anything more .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
While theories abound that this has something to do with the calendar on older PS3s ( some users are reporting their date / time settings have been reset ) , bear in mind Sony has redesigned its PlayStation website over the weekend , so it could be the result of some tinkering under the hood for the PlayStation Network .
Then again , if consoles not connected to the PSN are also affected , it could be something else .
Who knows !
Whatever it is , though , you have to wonder at the design process that turns a network outage into something stopping you from playing an offline , singleplayer title .
Advertisement
UPDATE - Sony has updated , saying " We 're narrowing down the issue and continue to work to restore service to all .
Updates as soon as we have them . "
UPDATE 2 - A mass story - telling session on internet gaming forum NeoGAF points towards the issue potentially being related to a calendar bug in older PlayStation 3 consoles , not the PlayStation Network as was first suspected .
Bear in mind this is mob science , however , and is by no means official confirmation on the cause of the problem .
Advertisement
UPDATE 3 - Citing unnamed " developers and studios " , British site Develop say that the issue is affecting titles currently in production for the PlayStation 3 , with debug consoles - used by developers to actually make games - thrown " into a rebooting cycle , due to an endlessly - looping error message " .
UPDATE 4 - PS3's still are n't working , and there has been no official update from Sony in over 9 hours .
Their last Twitter update says that they believe the issue does not appear to be impacting PS3 Slim consoles .
UPDATE 5 ( 8:20 am Mountain Time ) - Sony U.S. silent since Sunday , but PlayStation Europe
Tweets three times in the past hour : " Rest assured , we 've many people working on fixing this issue .
As soon as we have some news , we 'll let you know . " and then " Please do n't trust info regarding this issue unless from an official Sony source .
On Twitter this means @ PlayStationEU and @ SonyPlayStation . " and then " We will be updating you the second we have some news . "
Advertisement
UPDATE 6 : Error code 8001050 F was causes by a fault in the PS3's clock functionality , Sony tells Kotaku .
A fix should be coming within 24 hours .
Until then , stay off your console , they say .
More details here .
UPDATE 7 : Around 24 hours after the problem was first reported , people 's PlayStation 3 consoles finally seem to be returning to normal .
I know that Express editions are supposedly built for a simplified experience and they 're free , but this seems a bit silly ( and a little worrying , since Standard Edition is going away in VS2010 ) .
Visual C++
Express has enough that developing an application at least as complex as VirtualDub is doable ; I 'm not sure that C# Express is up to the same task .
Here 's the funny part .
You can work around the first one by installing XNA Game Studio ... or you can work around all of them by installing Visual C++ Express , which can do all of the above and comes on the same disc image .
It can even debug C# applications , if you open the executable .
I tried using Visual C# Express 2008 to write a program , and wow ... it was more limited than I imagined :
Comments
Comments posted :
Ctrl - Shift - F9 does n't clear all breakpoints for you ?
I use VS2008 Pro in C++ mode , so I do n't know if the keyboard shortcuts are the same , but that 's the default I 'm familiar with .
Michael Mol - 25 03 10 - 17:23
Nope .
I 'm used to that shortcut in VS2005/ 2008
Pro as well , which is why I noticed it was missing .
The Debug . DeleteAllBreakpoints command does n't even exist in Visual C# Express , if you look in the keyboard binding options .
Phaeron - 25 03 10 - 18:29
Well , youcreate a solution , you just have to go through some hoops .
When you create and save a project it will automatically also create a solution .
You will then be able to edit the paths ( with notepad if necessary ) or add other projects to the existing solution .
What you can't do however is add project directories and other more " advanced " stuff .
Lorenz Cuno Klopfenstein ( link ) - 25 03 10 - 21:24
You can drop me an e-mail if you have questions like this about the UI in VS / VS Express .
Have many years of experiance .
kelthar - 28 03 10 - 23:24
Tell me how you switch threads , then . :)
Phaeron - 29 03 10 - 15:09
The funniest part is that the CLR Debugger from the .NET 2.0 SDK has the threads pane too , so you do n't even need VC ++ to get at the missing VC # debugging features .
I hope they fix this stuff in 2010 .
Last month , Virginia lawmaker Mark Cole , a Fredericksburg Republican , sponsored a bill in the House of Delegates to prohibit the involuntary implantation of microchips into human beings .
“ My understanding — I ’m not a theologian — but there ’s a prophecy in the Bible that says you ’ll have to receive a mark , or you can neither buy nor sell things in end times , ” said Cole .
“ Some people think these computer chips might be that mark . ”
In spite of some ridicule , Cole ’s bill passed the Virginia House of Delegates by an overwhelming 88 - 9 majority — because , as his fellow Republican David B .
Albo opined , “ The fact that some people who support it are a little wacky does n’t make it a bad idea . ”
Cole is not alone among state legislators nationwide .
Wisconsin , California , and North Dakota have already passed legislation to protect their citizens from unwanted subdermal implants .
A similar bill has just passed the house in Tennessee .
The Georgia State Senate also passed an anti-microchip bill last month , sponsored by two Chips : Republican State Senators Chip Pearson and Chip Rogers , both Baptists and active in their churches .
Beast 2.0
The sponsors of these bills , all of them Republicans and outspoken conservative Christians , claim that preventing the forced implantation of microchips is a civil rights issue : they seek to protect citizens from unwanted bodily intrusions by employers and especially what they depict as a big brother - esque government .
Yet the technology to embed radio - frequency identification ( RFID ) chips into animals and people has existed since the early nineties , and so far no one has attempted a forced implantation of the populace .
There are , of course , purely secular reasons against forced implantation of RFID chips and in favor of policies that particularly protect the truly vulnerable .
But the true impetus behind these laws ( give Cole points for honesty here ) appears to lie squarely in Christian dispensationalism and speculation about “ the mark of the beast ” described in the Book of Revelation .
Conjecture about the mark of the beast has evolved alongside technology for at least the last forty years , merging with Orwellian concerns about how new technologies can enhance the power of the state .
Of all innovations , those dealing with information and communication have held a special appeal for dispensationalist theories .
According to Robert C. Fuller in Naming the Antichrist , the Southwest Radio Church warned as early as 1975 that “ The Beast ” was the name of a supercomputer created to control the global economy .
That same year , Christian dispensationalist Colin Deal expressed a similar theory , warning that “ The Beast ” could assign everyone on Earth an invisible “ laser tattoo . ”
Similar technological suspicions were expressed by Emil Gaverluk and Patrick Fisher in Fiber Optics : The Eye of the Anti-Christ ( 1979 ) and David Webber and Noah Hutchings in Computers and the Beast of Revelation ( 1986 ) .
The Mark of Paranoia
The first person to suggest that the mark of the beast could be a microchip may have been Peter Lalonde in his One World Under Anti-Christ ( 1991 ) .
However , the association of microchip technology with the mark of the beast was thoroughly hammered into the American consciousness by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins ’ bestselling Left Behind Series .
The eighth installment of the series , The Mark ( 2000 ) , describes how the Antichrist ’s new world order will require everyone to be implanted with a microchip or be guillotined by a “ loyalty enforcement facilitator . ”
The Mark sold over three million copies by 2004 .
That same year , the FDA approved the VeriChip , an RFID chip that can be implanted under the skin into human beings , marking them with personal data that can be read through a scanner .
The VeriChip Corporation , now part of the company PositiveID , has suggested that this technology could have useful applications such as storing a patient ’s medical data and — in apparent confirmation of apocalyptic anxieties — commerce .
A VIP club in Barcelona has allowed customers to use Verichips as debit cards .
“ Marked ” beachgoers can leave their wallets at home and simply have their arm scanned to purchase a drink .
The appeal of anti-microchip legislation is part of a larger narrative that equates “ the beast ” with foreign interests acting through the federal government ; a theme that plays well in a political climate marked by populist anger and millenialist paranoia .
Advocating laws because they will hinder the actions of the Antichrist , as preposterous as it seems , is made possible by a highly - politicized American subculture that has been profoundly influenced by the dispensationalist imagination .
It is not an accident that the sponsors of anti-microchip legislation have admitted their concern about the mark of the beast .
By making clear that their concerns are not purely secular , these legislators are able to build support from an energized evangelical base .
Opponents can mock these politicians as paranoiacs , but among voters who have read The Mark , concern about the Antichrist is a political asset , not a liability .
( Newser ) – A man has been fined $ 900 for attacking a female British police officer with his penis after he tried to hit her in the head with it .
She ducked .
Cops were called to the home of Marium Varinauskas , 28 , by his girlfriend complaining of his drunken behavior .
When police arrived he stood on a sofa over the officer " exposing his penis and thrusting it in her face , forcing her to take evasive action to avoid getting struck , " said a spokesman .
Varinauskas has no memory of the incident but has pleaded guilty .
" He has never been so drunk before that day and accepts he has to take full responsibility , " said his attorney .
" He apologizes profusely and is extremely embarrassed . "
He has sworn off binge drinking , reports the BBC .
The officer suffered no injuries .
( Read more Great Britain stories . )
Al processo d'Appello bis .
Nove anni e 4 mesi alla moglie e ai due figli .
Applausi in aula alla lettura della sentenza .
La madre della vittima : " Dimostra che giustizia esiste " .
Antonio Ciontoli nelle dichiarazioni spontanee : " Chiedo perdono per quello che ho commesso e anche per quello che non ho commesso "
Il volto del presidente della Regione Piemonte al posto di quello di Moro in alcuni volantini apparsi nei pressi del centro sociale Askatasuna e subito rimossi dalla Digos .
Cirio : " Intimidazioni non ci fermano " .
Solidarietà di Fdi , Lega e Pd
POLITICA POLITICA
Si tratta di Francesco Mollame e Marco Croatti .
Il Senato sospende in via precauzionale i lavori per oggi .
Questori Palazzo Madama : " Mollame assente dal 10 settembre , Croatti dal 24 " .
Il M5S chiede modifiche al regolamento per il voto a distanza .
' Mistero Immuni ' al Senato , chi ha l'app ?
Mollame : " Non l'ho scaricata "
Last year , employers filled more than half of job openings with existing employees , a new study shows .
Internal transfers and promotions accounted for an average 51 % of all full - time positions filled in 2009 , up from 39 % in 2008 and 34 % in 2007 , according to CareerXroads , a staffing - strategy consulting firm in Kendall Park , N.J. CareerXroads surveyed 41 companies that employ a combined 1.8 million U.S. workers .
Last year , these firms collectively filled 176,420 positions .
For the 49 % of jobs that were filled with external recruits , referrals accounted for the most hires -- 27 % -- about the same as in 2008 .
On average , these yielded one hire for every 15 referrals received .
Company Web sites accounted for 22 % of external hires and online job boards 13 % , according to the survey .
Mark Mehler , co-founder of CareerXroads , says the findings indicate that networking is the most effective strategy for landing employment .
" Job seekers should use job boards and corporate sites to find information about openings , but they should use their network to apply . "
Among the job boards that respondents credited for netting outside talent , CareerBuilder.com came out on top , accounting for 42 % of external hires -- however one company in the survey claimed a significant portion of these .
Monster.com netted 12 % of external hires .
Aggregate job sites , which advertise openings from multiple job boards , hooked up 10 % .
Classifieds site Craigslist.org accounted for 2.8 % .
The buzzing of bees , part of the essence of rural life , may soon become a city sound .
A new army of urban beekeepers is being recruited as part of an ambitious project to halt the worrying decline in British honeybees .
The plan is to site hives in city gardens and allotments across the UK , and even on the roofs of buildings , to help rebuild honeybee numbers , which are believed to have halved in Britain between 1985 and 2005 , and more recently to have declined even more steeply in some areas .
The reasons are not clear , but it may be a combination of pesticide use , warmer winters because of climate change and infections such as that caused by the varroa mite .
Honeybees in Britain produce 5,000 tonnes of honey a year and their pollination of fruit trees and other crops are estimated to be worth £ 165 m annually .
This spring , the Co-operative Group is trying to draw 300 new people to urban beekeeping in Manchester , London and Inverness , and the great attraction for the newcomers will probably be the free training and equipment – from gloves and overalls to a hive – provided .
In the Co-op 's initial trial of its urban apiary idea in Manchester last year , some 60 of the 100 people who took courses in the city 's parkland went on to become beekeepers .
" Most people do n't realise you can readily keep bees in an urban area , " said the Co-op 's Environment Manager , Chris Shearlock .
" They can find flowers in city parks and gardens , and they are away from some of the pesticides that are threatening them on farmland .
It 's a misconception to think that they wo n't thrive in cities and towns .
I 've heard of honey being sold from apiaries around King 's Cross station in London . "
The Co-op is offering several days of training , first in theory , on subjects such as how bees are kept , hygiene , and how hives are constructed ; and then in practical work with bees .
At the end of the course those who want to continue will be given their own hive and beekeeping outfit , and put in touch with a network of other beekeepers for advice .
The courses will start later in the spring when bees become active .
In trying to set up environmental projects , the Co-op has found that beekeeping strikes a ready chord with people who might not otherwise want to become practically engaged .
" People are interested in bees , " Chris Shearlock said .
" If you talk to people about the lack of diversity in the oceans , say , they respond : ' What do you want me to do about it ? '
But when you talk about bees , people can do it in their own homes and their own lives . "
The project is part of the Co-op 's Plan Bee campaign , launched last year with the aim of raising awareness of honeybee decline , funding research and encouraging people to help bees and plant bee - friendly wild flowers .
AS HE prepares to call an election later this year Kevin Rudd , Australia 's prime minister , is hoping his government 's handling of the global financial crisis might help him win a second term .
Australia was one of the few rich countries to avoid a recession .
Unemployment in December fell to 5.5 % .
But a report published on February 1st announces an even bigger challenge for the economy : a population explosion .
The report , from the federal Treasury , foresees Australia 's population growing by almost two - thirds over the next 40 years — to 36 m — about 25 % higher than the Treasury had predicted just three years ago .
Some of the boom will be home - grown , as young Australian women are having more children than did their baby - boomer predecessors .
But a larger proportion will come from immigration .
Up to last year , Australia had been taking about 244,000 immigrants a year .
The big intake will at least help to compensate for an ageing population .
Almost 90 % of today 's immigrants are younger than 40 , compared with only 55 % of native Australians .
Nonetheless the number of Australians aged between 65 and 84 will more than double by 2050 , and the number of those aged over 85 will more than quadruple .
So many oldies will mean almost half of government spending going to health care and support for the elderly .
Yet the proportion of working - age taxpayers will be only about half as big as now .
Mr Rudd has said he believes in “ a big Australia ” .
More people , he argues , will contribute to the country 's prosperity and boost its influence in Asia .
But since these latest demographic projections , he has been touring Australia 's big cities warning that the country must lift productivity , or risk unsustainable budget deficits later on .
Some experts argue that the environmental costs of a big Australia are an even bigger worry than the fiscal ones .
A decade of drought has left the country 's water supplies depleted .
Until recent rains , the Lachlan river had stopped flowing in some of the farming regions of New South Wales , the most populous state .
The Treasury 's report says climate change poses as serious a threat to Australia as does the ageing of its population .
This week Mr Rudd 's government brought back to Parliament a bill to create an emissions - trading scheme , though the upper house rejected it twice last year .
He seems determined to force a showdown over the issue .
Ken Henry , the head of the Treasury , questions the capacity of a country as hot and dry as Australia to sustain so many people .
He is also pessimistic about the prospects for biodiversity .
He recently cited the granting of permits over the past decade that have allowed the commercial slaughter of 50 m kangaroos “ primarily to give household pets a bit of variety in their diet ” .
This suggests , he said , that even with only 22 m people , “ we have n't managed to find accommodation with our environment . ”
The Treasury report does not include a kangaroo - population forecast .
The Sharks earned their first win against a playoff - bound team in more than two weeks Saturday night , but their 4 - 2 victory over the Vancouver Canucks might have come at a high price .
Joe Thornton left the game with 4:37 left in the second period after Vancouver defenseman Alexander Edler pushed the Sharks center , who fell awkwardly into the boards at high speed .
Thornton ’s status for today ’s game against the Colorado Avalanche was unknown immediately after the game .
“ I have n’t got an update that I can share with you at this point , ” Sharks coach Todd McLellan said , indicating Thornton still was being evaluated .
“ We ’ll be able to give you a lot more tomorrow when we know . ”
Thornton seemed to be favoring his right leg as he was helped off the ice , but he appeared to go shoulder - first into the boards .
Goals by Dany Heatley , Patrick Marleau and Joe Pavelski paced the Sharks to their third victory in a row , with Ryane Clowe adding an empty - netter with 10.8 seconds left to play .
Evgeni Nabokov made 35 saves to become the second goalie in NHL history to earn 40 victories in three consecutive seasons .
The victory also gave the Sharks 102 points at the top of the Western Conference , three more than the Chicago Blackhawks , who have two games in hand , and two more than the Phoenix Coyotes .
But the injury to Thornton , one of the Sharks ’ marquee players and one of the NHL ’s top playmakers , overshadowed everything .
No penalty was called on the play in which he was injured , though Clowe immediately went after Edler and a scrum developed .
“ From talking around , I do n’t think it was a dirty hit , but it was just a reaction , ” Clowe said of his decision to get in Edler ’s face after seeing Thornton prone on the ice .
“ And I do n’t think I did anything too serious , just give him a little shake .
“ One of the best players in the league , you do n’t want to take any chances , ” added Clowe , who also avoided a penalty on the play .
If Thornton is unable to play tonight , it would be the first time in 380 games that he was n’t in the lineup since being acquired by the Sharks on Nov. 30 , 2005 .
“ He ’s a very durable player , but he ’s human , ” McLellan said .
Unlike their previous two games , the Sharks did n’t get the first goal in this one .
Vancouver took a 1 - 0 lead midway through the first period when Nabokov failed to hug the near post , and Alex Burrows ’ 28 - foot wrist shot at a harsh angle trickled into the net .
But unlike games during their recent losing streak , the Sharks did n’t fall any further behind and came back with three unanswered goals in the second period .
The first came on a power play when Marleau slid the puck to Heatley after crossing the blue line , and Heatley unleashed a 31 - foot wrist shot that beat Vancouver goalie Roberto Luongo at 3:01 .
Marleau did all the work on the Sharks ’ second goal , stealing the puck from Edler , then outracing him into the Vancouver zone before beating Luongo with a backhand from just outside the crease at 9:29 .
Two minutes later , San Jose had a two - goal lead when Pavelski batted a rebound of his own shot into the net off the far post .
Daniel Sedin brought Vancouver within one goal at 7:55 of the third period when he scored on a power play .
But the Canucks got no closer as Nabokov came up big and benefited when former Sharks defenseman Christian Ehrhoff clanged one off the post .
McLellan praised his goaltender and the entire team for not letting that early goal get them off track .
“ It was nice to see him and the team respond after that , ” McLellan said .
“ I think that ’s a real good , positive sign for everybody that Nabby dug in and the rest of the guys dug in for him , and we crawled out of that one - goal deficit together , not as individuals . ”
For more on the Sharks , see David Pollak ’s Working the Corners blog at blogs.mercurynews.com / sharks .
Contact him at 408-920-5940 .
The 7 best 4×6 speakers for car with good bass 2020
Court documents in the $ 1 billion lawsuit between Viacom and YouTube were unsealed today , finally shedding some light on key questions : did Viacom have " smoking gun " evidence that YouTube was deliberately profiting from 62,637 Viacom clips that were watched more than 507 million times on the site ?
Was Google aware of the copyright infringement problems when it purchased YouTube in 2006 ?
Were YouTube 's own founders involved in uploading unauthorized materials ?
On all three counts , Viacom says yes — and it offers up a host of e-mails to prove it :
" In a July 19 , 2005 e-mail to YouTube co-founders Chad Hurley and Jawed Karim , YouTube co-founder Steve Chen wrote : ' jawed , please stop putting stolen videos on the site .
We ’re going to have a tough time defending the fact that we ’re not liable for the copyrighted material on the site because we did n’t put it up when one of the co-founders is blatantly stealing content from other sites and trying to get everyone to see it . ' "
" Chen twice wrote that 80 percent of user traffic depended on pirated videos .
He opposed removing infringing videos on the ground that ' if you remove the potential copyright infringements ... site traffic and virality will drop to maybe 20 percent of what it is . '
Karim proposed they ' just remove the obviously copyright infringing stuff . '
But Chen again insisted that even if they removed only such obviously infringing clips , site traffic would drop at least 80 percent .
( ' if [ we ] remove all that content [ , ] we go from 100,000 views a day down to about 20,000 views or maybe even lower ' ) . "
" In response to YouTube co-founder Chad Hurley ’s August 9 , 2005 e-mail , YouTube co-founder Steve Chen stated : ' but we should just keep that stuff on the site .
I really do n’t see what will happen .
what ?
someone from cnn sees it ?
he happens to be someone with power ?
he happens to want to take it down right away .
he get in touch with cnn legal .
2 weeks later , we get a cease & desist letter .
we take the video down . ' "
" A true smoking gun is a memorandum personally distributed by founder Karim to YouTube ’s entire board of directors at a March 22 , 2006 board meeting .
Its words are pointed , powerful , and unambiguous .
Karim told the YouTube board point - blank :
' As of today episodes and clips of the following well - known shows can still be found : Family Guy , South Park , MTV Cribs , Daily Show , Reno 911 , Dave Chapelle .
This content is an easy target for critics who claim that copyrighted content is entirely responsible for YouTube ’s popularity .
Although YouTube is not legally required to monitor content ( as we have explained in the press ) and complies with DMCA takedown requests , we would benefit from preemptively removing content that is blatantly illegal and likely to attract criticism . ' "
' As of today episodes and clips of the following well - known shows can still be found : Family Guy , South Park , MTV Cribs , Daily Show , Reno 911 , Dave Chapelle .
This content is an easy target for critics who claim that copyrighted content is entirely responsible for YouTube ’s popularity .
Although YouTube is not legally required to monitor content ( as we have explained in the press ) and complies with DMCA takedown requests , we would benefit from preemptively removing content that is blatantly illegal and likely to attract criticism . ' "
" A month later , [ YouTube manager Maryrose ]
Dunton told another senior YouTube employee in an instant message that ' the truth of the matter is probably 75 - 80 percent of our views come from copyrighted material . '
She agreed with the other employee that YouTube has some ' good original content ' but 'it ’s just such a small percentage . ' "
" In a September 1 , 2005 email to YouTube co-founder Steve Chen and all YouTube employees , YouTube co-founder Jawed Karim stated , ' well , we SHOULD take down any : 1 ) movies 2 ) TV shows .
we should KEEP : 1 ) news clips 2 ) comedy clips ( Conan , Leno , etc ) 3 ) music videos .
In the future , I ’d also reject these last three but not yet . ' "
The limits of the DMCA
The basic argument here is a simple one .
YouTube 's founders hoped to build a massive user base as quickly as possible and then sell the site .
" Our dirty little secret ... is that we actually just want to sell out quickly , " said Karim at one point .
In an e-mail , Chen talked about “ concentrat[ing ] all of our efforts in building up our numbers as aggressively as we can through whatever tactics , however evil . ”
As the e-mails collected in this suit make clear , numerous YouTube employees had direct knowledge of infringing material on the site , and in fact even altered tools like the community " flagging " feature so as to purposely find out about fewer incidents .
The strategy worked .
One - and - one - half years after launching , Google purchased YouTube and made all of the founders incredibly wealthy .
Given the obvious appeal of unauthorized content on YouTube , Viacom argues that the startup 's strategy was , at its core , a decision to profit from copyright infringement .
It does n't matter whether YouTube showed ads on its video pages or not ( for years , it did not , apparently concerned about just this issue ) ; to Viacom , the entire business strategy was a way of profiting from infringement .
That 's important because the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act protects service providers that engage in " storage at the direction of the user . "
It has been a huge boon to user - generated content sites , and it is YouTube 's key defense .
But the DMCA puts limits on the generous safe harbors it provides : operators cannot have actual knowledge of infringement , they must take down infringing materials when asked , and they cannot profit from the infringement .
In the very first sentence of the summary judgment motion , Viacom makes clear it will attack YouTube 's safe harbor protection head - on : " Plaintiffs Viacom International Inc. et al. ( “ Viacom ” ) move for partial summary judgment on Defendants ’ liability for copyright infringement and concurrently to invalidate Defendants ’ reliance on the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( “ DMCA ” ) as a defense to that infringement . "
Viacom argues that YouTube did know about infringement on the site , and not just in a general , " surely there 's some infringement going on here " sort of way .
No , as the e-mails collected in this suit make clear , numerous YouTube employees had direct knowledge of infringing material on the site , and in fact even altered tools like the community " flagging " feature so as to purposely find out about fewer incidents .
Under this argument , YouTube is like Grokster , the P2P site whose case went all the way to the Supreme Court and resulted in a seminal ruling that shut down the site on the grounds that the huge majority of its activity produced infringement .
But there 's a second argument .
Viacom also claims that YouTube is not covered by the law for a more fundamental reason : it is not engaged in " storage , " as a file locker might be , but is in the business of displaying and broadcasting content , which also includes making numerous back - end copies .
This behavior involves YouTube in " direct infringement of copyrights . "
This appears to be the weakest part of Viacom 's case , and it 's unclear why the company would bother making it in the wake of a federal court 's recent Veoh ruling .
That decision noted ( correctly , in our view ) that automated back - end processes to cache or transcode or display a video did not involve the site operator in such direct infringement .
Are Sony products ticking " fail " bombs just waiting to go off ?
Many consumers in Japan still subscribe to the belief that the tech titan purposely designed its devices to break immediately after their warranty expires , according to a report .
The Telegraph reports on the " timer " myth that has plagued Sony for 20 years .
It started out as an urban legend that the tech - obsessed Japanese had joked about in manga and vented about in online forums .
But in 2006 , the recall of more than 4.1 million Dell laptops containing faulty Sony batteries drove the rumor into social consciousness as a serious theory .
( If you include laptops made by Sony , Toshiba , Lenovo , Fujitsu and Apple in addition to Dell , the grand total was actually 9.6 million laptop batteries worldwide , according to a previous Wired report . )
Explosive batteries greatly damaged Sony 's reputation .
The company has been working to dispel the timer myth for years , but every incident of product failure post - warranty perpetuates the legend .
Sony 's PlayStation 3 still remains highly popular because it is allegedly exempt from the timers ' curse , according to the Telegraph .
( My PS3 hard drive died 3 months post - warranty , mind you , but that was probably due to my two - month - long obsession with playing Borderlands . )
" For a nation proud of their technological innovations , burning laptops and the biggest product recall in history were not exactly easy to deal with , " the Telegraph wrote .
It 's a fascinating story by the Telegraph definitely worth a read .
See Also :
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
Civil partnerships were legalised in England and Wales in 2004 Peers have voted to lift the ban on same sex couples holding civil partnership ceremonies inside churches .
The House of Lords agreed an amendment to the Equality Bill which would allow , but not compel , religious organisations to host the occasions .
Gay rights campaigners celebrated the change , but opponents said it could be impractical and undermine marriage .
Peers voted by a majority of 74 in favour of the amendment , which was not backed by the government .
It is yet to be approved by the Commons , but it is thought to be unlikely that MPs would make any significant changes .
' Religious freedom ' Labour peer Lord Alli proposed the amendment , telling the Lords : " There are many gay and lesbian couples who want to share their civil partnership with the congregations that they worship with .
" And there are a number of religious organisations that want to allow gay and lesbian couples to do exactly that . "
We , like the government and the courts , have been quite clear ever since civil partnerships were introduced that they are not the same as marriage
Bishop of Bradford
He said : " In the end it comes down to an issue of religious freedom . "
It was not an " attack " on the Church of England or the Catholic Church , he added .
Lord Alli said : " Religious freedom requires us to let others do things that we ourselves would not do .
Religious freedom cannot begin and end with what one religion wants . "
Lords leader Baroness Royall and Conservative equality spokesman Baroness Morris of Bolton , a Roman Catholic , both spoke against the amendment but later abstained .
Lady Royall warned of potential practical difficulties which would have to be addressed in later regulations .
Ben Summerskill , chief executive of gay rights group Stonewall , said : " We are absolutely delighted with this vote for religious freedom .
It will be warmly welcomed by lesbian and gay people of faith .
" We regret the government spoke against equality but we hope they will now do the necessary drafting with urgency . "
' Next steps ' Lord Alli's cross-party amendment was co-sponsored by Tory finance spokesman Baroness Noakes , retired judge and crossbench peer Baroness Butler - Sloss and crossbencher Baroness Campbell of Surbiton .
But the Bishop of Bradford , the Rt Rev David James , who voted against the amendment , warned of " unintended consequences " .
He said : " When we consider changes to the law , we need to be clear about what they are meant to achieve and what , in practice , they do achieve . "
He said there had been " no practical difficulties so far " with the existing legislation , adding : " The fundamental difficulty that many churches and faiths will have with this arguments is that we , like the government and the courts , have been quite clear ever since civil partnerships were introduced that they are not the same as marriage . "
Other opponents included Conservative former cabinet ministers Lord Tebbit and Lord Waddington .
A Government Equalities
Office spokesman said : " Baroness Royall made the government 's position clear during the debate ; we 're now considering what steps to take next . "
Civil partnerships were legalised in England and Wales by the Civil Partnership Act of 2004 , which came into force the following year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
* Apple and Google are both pushing hard for HTML5 to replace proprietary plug-ins .
Flash is famously absent from the iPhone and iPod touch , as well as the forthcoming iPad .
Steve Jobs , Apple 's chief executive , has allegedly criticised Flash for placing a strain on battery power , and is reported to have branded Adobe " lazy " for not working harder on making Flash Apple - compatible .
Flash is estimated to be installed on 98 per cent of computers , and is crucial for viewing many online videos , games and graphics .
New York Times Magazine
Psychiatric Times : Dr. Ronald Pies , the Editor in Chief of
Now , with all due respect to Dr. Thomson , I am inclined to ask , “ [ Insights gained during depression are ] worth it to whom ? ”
Perhaps the patients Dr. Thomson has treated emerge from their three - month bouts of depression saying , “ Ya know what , Doc ?
It ’s been a bad three months — lost my job , almost killed myself , and could n’t get a damn thing done — but overall , it was worth it ! ”
The depressed patients I evaluated over the past nearly 30 years almost never reported that their major depressive episodes had a “ net mental benefit , ” to quote Lehrer ’s article .
Most felt that their lives and souls had been stolen from them for the duration of their depressive episode .
Dr. Pies 's patients do n't feel like they 've solved all their problems .
The end result is poor performance on tests for memory and executive function , especially when the task involves lots of information .
( These deficits disappear when test subjects are first distracted from their depression and thus better able to focus on the exercise . )
Research during the past decade has mainly focused on cognitive functioning in the severe phase of depression , and today it is widely accepted that the disease is characterized by cognitive impairment in the acute state .
There are reports of findings in different cognitive domains , such as executive functions , attention , memory and psychomotor speed .
Psych Review
not
If , indeed , depressed individuals display different social responses , depending on situational or social role variables , one might expect that real - world relations are characterized by contradictory behaviors , mixed messages , emotional ambivalence , and so forth .
Such stimulus arrays may indeed evoke several competing response tendencies in others , a situation that a simple reinforcement - punishment view would be hard pressed to handle .
This work suggests that depressives ' cognitive analysis of common life situations leads them to make decisions that promote their social isolation and , thereby , perpetuate their depression .
References
J Affect Disord .
Psychol Rev .
Psychiatry Research DOI : Baune , B. , Miller , R. , McAfoose , J. , Johnson , M. , Quirk , F. , & Mitchell , D. ( 2010 ) .
The role of cognitive impairment in general functioning in major depression .
DOI : 10.1016/j.psychres.2008.12.001
J Exp Social Psychol
Frontiers in Human Neuroscience .
DOI : Åsa Hammar , Guro Årdal ( 2009 ) .
Cognitive functioning in major depression – a summary .
DOI : 10.3389/neuro.09.026.2009
Scand J Psychol .
J Abnorm Psychol .
J Personality Social Psychology
Supplementary Material
Author and blogger Jonah Lehrer has a lengthy ( and controversial ) essay in the Feb. 28 on Depression 's Upside .
The main idea , that depression has cognitive and evolutionary advantages , was largely based on a review paper by Andrews and Thomson ( 2009 ) .
In it , they put forth the analytical rumination hypothesis : depression is an evolved response to complex problems , and focusing on them to the exclusion of everything else is beneficial .
Lehrer 's piece generated an outpouring of comments ( both pro and con ) , questions , and critiques .
One notably critical rejoinder ( The Myth of Depression ’s Upside ) was written byIn other words , Most of the studies cited in favor of improved problem - solving abilities involved a sad " mood induction " procedure such as watching a 10 min film showing a death from cancer or being given false negative feedback on cognitive test performance ( Forgas , 2007 ) .
It should be obvious that a transient , slightly sad state is drastically different from a prolonged major depressive episode .
Jonah does acknowledge this in his article , but the distinction appears to undermine Andrews and Thomson 's entire basis for asserting analytical advantages for the depressed ruminator .
It 's another in a long line of evo psych just - so stories .
The literature is filled with papers describing the cognitive impairments associated with major depression .
Jonah recognizes this as well , but then overstates how easy it is to dispense with the deficits :
On the contrary , numerous papers have shown that impairments in cognitive processes such as executive control , attention , and memory persist after a depressed person has recovered ( Andersson et al. , 2010 Hammar et al. , 2009 ) .
In actively depressed patients , Baune and colleagues ( 2010 ) found impairments in all domains tested : immediate memory , visuospatial construction , language , attention , and delayed memory .
These deficits can contribute to lower social and occupational functioning and a diminished quality of life .
In addition , depression can be associated with declines in problem solving abilities on neuropsychological tests such as the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test and the Tower of London test A recent review of the literature provided additional support for the existence of pervasive cognitive deficits ( Hammar et al. , 2009 ) : Well ( you say ) , what about Social Dilemmas ?
Are n't these different from the Stroop task ?
Themanifesto on the Bright Side of Being Blue states that " Complex social problems may be the primary evolutionarily relevant trigger of depression in human beings . "
But support for the view that depression improves the ability to solve such problems is meager , apparently consisting of two old papers ( Hokanson et al. , 1980 Pietromonaco & Rook , 1987 ) .
The Hokanson paper turns out to be not - so - great for the analytical rumination hypothesis : ( 1 ) The " depressed " group had scores on the Beck Depression Inventory of 10 or greater , which includes those with only very mild depression .
( 2 ) Ironically , Hokanson et al. view their own results as evidence of social skills deficits , enhanced social problem solving :
The conclusion of the Pietromonaco and Rook ( 1987 ) paper is even more problematic :
The analytical rumination hypothesis even has the potential to be harmful .
Belief in the glorious " upside " of their ailment could prevent some severely depressed individuals from getting proper treatment , placing them at greater risk of suicide and other adverse events .
Needless to say , such an outcome would be of no evolutionary advantage .
Andersson S , Lövdahl H , Malt UF . ( 2010 ) .
Neuropsychological function in unmedicated recurrent brief depression Jan 18 .
[ Epub ahead of print ]
Andrews PW , Thomson JA Jr. ( 2009 ) .
The bright side of being blue : depression as an adaptation for analyzing complex problems 116:620 - 54 .
Forgas JP ( 2007 ) .
When sad is better than happy : Negative affect can improve the quality and effectiveness of persuasive messages and social influence strategies .
43:513-528.Hammar A , Sørensen L , Ardal G , Oedegaard KJ , Kroken R , Roness A , Lund A. ( 2009 ) .
Enduring cognitive dysfunction in unipolar major depression : A test - retest study using the Stroop paradigm 2009 Dec 23 .
Hokanson JE , Sacco WP , Blumberg SR , Landrum GC. ( 1980 ) .
Interpersonal behavior of depressive individuals in a mixed - motive game 89:320-32.
Pietromonaco PR , Rook KS. ( 1987 ) .
Decision style in depression :
The contribution of perceived risks versus benefits 52:399-408 .
Below is a box / blob and arrow diagram of the analytic rumination model ( click on image for a larger view ) .
A critique of its ludicrous biological underpinnings is beyond the scope of this post .
Figure 1 (
.
A diagram of the proposed causal relationships between the variables and the constructs that are prominent in the analytical rumination hypothesis .
The diagram uses the
terminology
of structural equation modeling
[ NOTE : but none of its quantitative rigor ]
, with the circles representing latent constructs , the rectangles representing manifest variables , and the arrows denoting the hypothesized direction of causation .
The plus (+ ) sign denotes a positive or facilitative causal relationship between variables , and the minus ( -) sign denotes a negative or inhibitory causal relationship .
5 - HT = 5 - hydroxytryptamine or serotonin ; L-VLPFC = left ventrolateral prefrontal cortex ; R-VLPFC = right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex ; WM = working memory .
MAXWELL AIR FORCE BASE , Ala . —
It looks like nothing more than a 2,500 - acre military complex , but sinister plans are afoot .
One day soon — if it has n’t happened already — law - abiding U.S. citizens will be rounded up and imprisoned here by their oppressive federal government .
It ’s perfectly obvious to anyone with eyes to see the traffic signs that direct FEMA trucks this way and that :
This is one of the 800 or more detention camps being built by a government gone mad .
At least that ’s what more and more Americans believe .
A fear that the federal government will concoct a pretense for declaring martial law and confine patriotic dissidents to concentration camps — a conspiracy theory that goes back decades and was especially prevalent during the militia movement of the 1990s — is spreading as the country experiences a surge in groups on the radical right .
In the last year , FOX News personality Glenn Beck devoted airtime on three shows to the theory , saying he “ wanted to debunk it ” but could not .
( He eventually did , but only after much criticism . )
Oath Keepers , a conspiracy - minded police and military organization formed last spring , listed the 10 “ Orders We Will Not Obey , ” including any command to enforce martial law or herd Americans into concentration camps .
And in September , William Lewis Films and Gary Franchi Productions released “ Camp FEMA : American Lockdown , ” a video that alleges the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency is behind the camps .
Lewis is a veteran maker of conspiracy - minded videos ; Franchi heads Restore the Republic , an antigovernment " Patriot " group with militia - like beliefs .
The 90 - minute film opens with newsreel footage of Japanese Americans being forced into internment camps on the West Coast during World War II and a narrator declaring that after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , the government “ again went into open roundup mode . ”
He adds , “ Is it possible history will repeat itself ? ”
For the next 90 minutes , a Who ’s Who of conspiracy diehards suggests that it is .
Many of the purported detention camps are supposedly on military bases around the country , including some that are closed .
The radical - right conspiracy theorists say that nearby railroad tracks and aircraft runways near many of these sites are proof there are FEMA camps in the vicinity , because this is how prisoners will be easily moved .
They also claim that razor wire atop tall fences around some of these facilities provides a key clue to their real purpose .
The razor edges are directed inward , not outward , they say , because they are n’t meant to keep out trespassers .
They ’re there to hold prisoners .
One long - time Patriot conspiracy theorist , retired Phoenix police officer Jack McLamb , has gone so far as to claim that the government has placed unobtrusive colored dots on people ’s mailboxes so that when martial law is declared , foreign troops serving the “ New World Order ” will know what ’s to be done with the people at each address .
A blue dot your mailbox :
You ’re taken to a FEMA camp .
Pink :
You ’ll be used for slave labor .
Red :
You are shot in the head immediately .
Myth at Maxwell
On a long list of murky origins that regularly circulates on the Internet , Maxwell Air Force Base is identified as already operating a civilian prison camp with a small support staff and inmate population .
That ’s true , but it ’s a minimum - security federal prison camp with about 900 inmates , not a FEMA facility .
And it ’s hardly a secret facility — the prison is regularly mentioned in the newspapers and has been operating for years .
Conspiracy theorists do n’t say exactly where the supposed FEMA detention camp might be at Maxwell .
But one of them shot a nine - minute video that appeared last year on YouTube and had been viewed by 1,491 people at press time .
In it , the unnamed videographer locates what he thinks must be the spot .
He points out orange road signs that say “ FEMA Trucks ” with arrows pointing to the routes they should follow .
He eventually videotapes what he describes as a watchtower , dozens of large tents , an old ambulance , and what he says are picnic tables and games on the other side of a six - foot chain - link fence topped with razor wire .
The fact that a low - slung building inside the wire has a loudspeaker on it is “ awfully odd , ” he asserts .
In a silent , isolated corner of Maxwell is indeed the supposedly ominous tower , perhaps three dozen tents and other structures shown in the video .
Some days , the only sign of life here is an occasional jogger .
The place looks about as sinister as a deserted summer camp .
There is razor wire atop the six - foot tall chain - link fence , but it is facing outward .
The Air Force is trying to keep people out , not in .
That ’s because this is an officer - training site , not a secret FEMA concentration camp .
Officers — even ROTC cadets — come here to train , sleeping in tents that are part of a simulated “ deployed environment . ”
They are taught military skills including the basics of defending their base , land navigation and field medicine , Lt. Col .
Mark Ramsey said during a recent tour of the site .
On a 35 - degree morning this January , 354 Air Force personnel were going through drills .
There was no evidence of a detention camp — but there were innocent explanations for everything the anonymous videomaker discovered .
The watchtower ?
It ’s used for rappelling on one side , rocking climbing on another .
The tent city ?
It ’s meant to replicate austere battlefield conditions and has been there since 1999 , says Phil Berube , a spokesman for the base .
The ambulance ?
A prop “ used by the officer trainees who will become military doctors and nurses to give a semblance of battlefield conditions , ” he explains .
It ’s not even operable .
The picnic tables and games ?
There are benches in open - air shelters , but no picnic tables .
The shelters provide shade from Alabama ’s searing summer heat and double as informal outdoor classrooms , Ramsey says .
The “ games ” are a physically demanding obstacle course .
That “ awfully odd ” speaker , the one mounted on that low - slung building ?
It ’s affixed to a warehouse containing cots and sleeping bags , and is a means to alert those in training of urgent news , such as a violent storm approaching .
And the tell - tale “ FEMA Trucks ” signs ?
They direct workers to staging areas on the base where they can coordinate efforts , collect supplies and respond to crises in the region , such as providing relief after a hurricane or tornado .
A Conspiracy Theory Takes Off
FEMA camp stories have been around a long time .
Almost three decades ago , back in 1982 , a newsletter of the extreme - right and anti-Semitic Posse Comitatus warned that “ hardcore Patriots ” would be imprisoned in FEMA detention camps .
Some versions during the militia heyday of the 1990s had urban street gangs like the Bloods and the Crips , rather than domestic or foreign troops , rounding up antigovernment patriots .
Conspiracy theorists often point to a front - page story in The Miami Herald back in 1987 as proof that , in the words of one of them , “ FEMA is the executive arm of the coming police state and thus will head up all operations . ”
The story reported that between 1982 and 1984 , Marine Lt. Col .
Oliver North had helped draft a secret contingency plan to suspend the Constitution in the event of a national crisis , such as nuclear war , violent and widespread domestic dissent , or national opposition to a U.S. military invasion abroad .
North would later become infamous for his part in the Iran - Contra affair , in which weapons were sold to intermediaries in Iran with the proceeds used to fund antigovernment “ contra ” rebels in Nicaragua .
The plan was written for President Ronald Reagan in case he ever wanted to take such action .
The newspaper also obtained a copy of a FEMA official ’s 1982 memo that it reported was similar to a paper then - FEMA director Louis Guiffrida had written 12 years earlier .
In the 1970 document , Guiffrida reportedly advocated martial law in case of a national uprising by black militants and the transferring of at least 21 million “ American Negroes ” to “ assembly centers or relocations camps . ”
During the Iran - Contra hearings in 1987 , Texas congressman Jack Brooks asked North about the newspaper ’s findings .
But Sen. Daniel Inouye of Hawaii , who chaired the Senate Select Committee on Iran - Contra , rapidly silenced him , telling the Democratic congressman he was getting into a “ highly sensitive and classified area . ”
That was further proof of their claims , conspiracy buffs contend .
But FEMA and its alleged plans for freedom - loving Americans are not the only government conspiracies that so - called Patriots and their fellow travelers love to hate .
In a related vein , they also point to numerous presidential executive orders that they claim will allow the suspension of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights .
Executive Order Angst
Executive orders are nothing new .
Presidents have issued them for more than 200 years , usually to direct federal agencies and officials in carrying out established laws or policies .
Some have been momentous : Truman signed one that integrated the armed forces .
Reagan issued one barring the use of federal money for advocating abortion .
FEMA camp aficionados point to another executive order : One signed by Franklin D. Roosevelt that led to Japanese Americans on the West Coast being sent to internment camps for the remainder of World War II .
Congress can overturn an executive order , although it requires a supermajority vote to do so .
A president can sign an executive order rescinding an executive order of his predecessor .
And the courts can overturn an executive order , although they have done so only twice .
“ It ’s fair to say that more executive orders have n’t been struck down by the Supreme Court because most are n’t far reaching and ambitious … or they concern murky issues about separation of powers , ” said Gregory Magarian , a law professor at Washington University in St. Louis and a constitutional law expert .
The courts tend to be especially deferential to the government in wartime , he added .
Like the conspiracy theorists , Magarian sees disturbing trends in how the government deals with political protests , including the creation of “ free speech zones ” and the collecting of information about protesters .
But he finds it hard to imagine a scenario whereby a president could declare martial law and imprison innocent citizens .
Historically , martial law has been declared only where there is widespread violence , and the response has been localized , Magarian says .
He cites school integration as an example .
The National Guard was called out in some cases , but only in communities were there was widespread racial strife .
But websites like that run by a conspiracy - mongering group called Friends of Liberty are thick with worries about executive orders .
That site lists 15 “ Executive Orders associated with FEMA that would suspend the Constitution and the Bill of Rights ” and that “ could be enacted by the stroke of a Presidential pen . ”
The orders generally allow the government to take control of various industries in a state of emergency .
Only one of the alleged orders actually mentions FEMA .
Another , related conspiracy is supposedly the brainchild of U.S. Rep. Alcee Hastings ( D - Fla . ) .
When Hastings reintroduced a bill in January last year that would create six National Emergency Centers , Jerome Corsi , writing on the far - right WorldNetDaily website , said the measure “ appears designed to create the type of detention center that those concerned about use of the military in domestic affairs fear could be used as concentration camps for political dissidents , such as occurred in Nazi Germany . ”
That ’s the same Corsi who launched the Swift boat attacks on Sen.
John Kerry after he became the Democratic Party nominee for president in 2004 .
Corsi has also insisted without proof that President Obama posted a fake birth certificate on his website in order to address groundless claims that he is not an American citizen .
The “ Camp FEMA ” movie has a similar take as Corsi on the Hastings bill .
Hastings ’ vision :
The centers would provide temporary housing , medical and other assistance for people displaced due to an emergency , as well as sites that would serve as centralized locations for training and coordination of first responders in the event of an emergency .
The congressman ’s state was clobbered by a series of hurricanes in 2004 and 2005 .
( Conspiracists claim FEMA ’s response to Hurricane Katrina in 2005 was so poor because its primary mission had been changed from humanitarian efforts to being the government ’s tool for imposing martial law . )
Curious and Curiouser
For all their talk about civilian detention camps , the conspiracy theorists are woefully vague on specifics .
Their list of detention sites often gives the name of a military base or other facility and nothing more .
When there is more information , it can be wildly speculative .
In Pensacola , Fla. , it “ is believed that a facility may be carved out of the wilds . ”
One conspiracy theorist even claims “ the largest of these facilities , ” a “ massive mental health facility ” near Fairbanks , Alaska , “ can hold approximately 2 million people . ”
( Alaska ’s 2008 population was 686,000 . )
Another reputed current or future detention camp is at Fort Chaffee , Ark .
The former Army base was transferred to the Arkansas Army National Guard in 1997 and is now a training facility .
In recent years , chunks of the base ’s land have been forfeited for redevelopment .
Even so , the conspiracy theorists believe Fort Chafee has a new runway and a new camp facility that can hold 40,000 prisoners .
“ It ’s kind of a laugh , ” said Capt .
Chris Heathscott , state public affairs officer for the Arkansas National Guard .
A maximum of 7,000 soldiers can train at Fort Chafee , which could n’t possibly accommodate 40,000 people , Heathscott said .
There is no new camp , although some of the base ’s old barracks were remodeled for use by soldiers and by Hurricane Katrina evacuees temporarily housed there .
A federal prison camp at Allenwood , Pa. is supposed to be another potential concentration camp site .
The FEMA camp list says it has only 300 inmates , but has the capacity to hold more than 15,000 people on 400 acres .
There are , however , low - , medium - and high - security facilities on 640 acres , not 400 .
The total inmate population of the three prisons combined was 3,954 as of Dec. 17 , a Bureau of Prisons spokeswoman said .
“ There is no way they can house 15,000 people out there , ” spokeswoman Carla Wilson said .
Popular Mechanics magazine debunked some of the FEMA camp lore last year .
An aerial photo , for example , of what supposedly was a detention camp in Wyoming was shown by the magazine to be a North Korean prison camp .
And the 500,000 plastic , air - tight coffins supposedly stored in Atlanta , perhaps to bury plague or biological warfare victims ?
That was about 50,000 polypropylene burial vaults manufactured by a company for routine use in preventing the collapse of burial plots .
But facts like these have not slowed the conspiracy theorists .
Ultimately , belief in FEMA detention camps requires one to conclude that nobody has ever escaped from one and told their story .
It means believing that not one camp worker has breathed a word about his or her job .
It requires assuming that not one of America ’s 100 senators or 435 congressmen knows of the camps or , if they do , none is alarmed enough to call for hearings .
It means believing that not a single ambitious journalist connected to a national media outlet has delved into this dastardly plan .
And it requires one to assume that such innocuous things as the “ FEMA Trucks ” signs at the Maxwell AFB — in plain view of thousands of motorists — actually betray a terrible secret .
But the Patriots and other conspiracy theorists who circulate these theories — and they have moved in recent times from that fringe into the so - called “ tea parties ” and other populist and nativist groups — believe all of that , and believe it with a passion .
When Glenn Beck finally conceded there was no evidence of FEMA camps , Texas radio conspiracist Alex Jones angrily responded by calling the FOX host , among other things , “ an operative , ” a “ sick bastard ” and “ a piece of crap . ”
The narrator of the video taken outside Maxwell Air Force Base purporting to show a FEMA camp may have inadvertently summed up detention camp conspiracy theories best .
As he neared the end of his faux exposé , he said , “ You can come up with whatever story you want to come up with . ”
On Martin Luther King Boulevard between the Essex County Historic Courthouse and the Veterans ’ Courthouse in Newark , the words “ ABOLISH WHITE SUPREMACY ” were installed and painted in ...
Dodge Poetry
Every other year since 1986 , the Geraldine R. Dodge Poetry Festival has often gone off with hardly a discernible hitch .
But life , of course , has its twists and turns , and the Festival has prevailed th ...
The Nautilus House is one of the most beautiful achievements of Senosiain Arquitectos , a famous home designing company .
Although it might seem very unusual , this shell shaped house is said to be quite comfortable , making you feel like a caterpilar ( in a good way ) in this very … spiral environment .
We Recommend :
" Dark flow " is no fluke , suggests a new study that strengthens the case for unknown , unseen " structures " lurking on the outskirts of creation .
In 2008 scientists reported the discovery of hundreds of galaxy clusters streaming in the same direction at more than 2.2 million miles ( 3.6 million kilometers ) an hour .
This mysterious motion can't be explained by current models for distribution of mass in the universe .
So the researchers made the controversial suggestion that the clusters are being tugged on by the gravity of matter outside the known universe .
Now the same team has found that the dark flow extends even deeper into the universe than previously reported : out to at least 2.5 billion light - years from Earth .
After using two additional years ' worth of data and tracking twice the number of galaxy clusters , " we clearly see the flow , we clearly see it pointing in the same direction , " said study leader Alexander Kashlinsky , an astrophysicist at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland .
" It looks like a very coherent flow . "
The find adds to the case that chunks of matter got pushed outside the known universe shortly after the big bang — which in turn hints that our universe is part of something larger : a multiverse .
( Related : " Searching for Other Earths " in National Geographic magazine . )
Dark Flow's Extended Reach
Kashlinsky and colleagues first noticed the dark flow when studying the way gas in galaxy clusters interacts with the cosmic microwave background radiation .
This burst of light is thought to have been released just 380,000 years after the big bang and now permeates the universe .
Data from the Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe ( WMAP ) can show the minute temperature changes created as the cosmic microwave background radiation moves through gases in galaxy clusters .
These gases scatter light from the cosmic microwave background radiation as it passes through the clusters , similar to the way Earth 's atmosphere can scatter starlight , making some stars twinkle .
But the clusters are also moving relative to the background radiation , so the scattered light gets distorted further by the Doppler effect .
This distortion appears in the form of temperature shifts in WMAP data , which can reveal the clusters ' direction and speed .
" It is very difficult to isolate [ the temperature change ] for each individual cluster , " Kashlinsky said , so the original study had examined 700 clusters .
The new study is based on the collective motion of about 1,400 galaxy clusters , and seeing dark flow with the greater number of clusters gives the researchers more confidence in their result .
In addition , the team tested their analysis method by comparing the x-ray brightness of certain clusters with the strength of temperature changes seen in the WMAP data .
Brighter clusters — those with more hot gases — would be expected to have greater effects on the cosmic microwave background , and that 's what the new study confirmed .
Kashlinsky speculates that the dark flow extends " all the way across the visible universe , " or about 47 billion light - years , which would fit with the notion that the clusters are being pulled by matter that lies beyond known horizons .
Dark flow , he said , " would be much more difficult to explain theoretically if it extended [ 2.5 billion light - years ] and then just stopped . "
Christian Hansen for The New York Times
One of New York ’s best known yet most elusive cyclists is about to emerge from the shadows .
The Bike Snob , a satirical blogger who has skewered various aspects of urban riding on his blog since 2007 , plans to reveal himself in a series of public appearances in May to be Eben Oliver Weiss , a former literary agent from Brooklyn .
The appearances are part of a promotional tour for his coming book , “ Bike Snob , ” based on the blog .
Mr. Weiss , 36 , has studiously maintained his anonymity in the insular world of New York cycling , in part thanks to the help of his fellow racers .
“ Whether or not people know it was him , it ’s not spoken about .
It ’s a respect thing , ” said a racer who asked not to be named for fear of rubbing him the wrong way .
The racer said that the identity of “ the Snob ” was long known to a core group of New York riders .
“ I do n’t think it ’s a big deal for people to see the face behind the blog . ”
As the Bike Snob , Mr. Weiss quickly became a must - read for urban cyclists and international racers alike .
“ Out for a ride in the city w/ Bike Snob NYC , ” Lance Armstrong boasted on his Twitter feed in October .
The Snob ’s lengthy daily posts meander across the cycling spectrum , from bike lane etiquette to the esoterica of bike parts , often pulling from popular culture and never shying from skewering the big names of the sport .
Alberto Contador , last year ’s Tour de France winner , has come in for particular ridicule over his habit of gesturing with his finger , while Mr. Weiss also lambastes average riders who ride the wrong way in a bike lane for “ salmoning . ”
This latter “ Snobism ” has become part of the bicycle advocate ’s vocabulary .
On the blog , he has developed a variety of trademarks , including using the length of a dachshund to chart the time line of various historical and social movements , and the wrath of the “ Lobster God , ” a farcical cycling deity .
Mr. Weiss , a native New Yorker , did not always enjoy anonymity ; in 2001 , his wedding announcement appeared in The Times .
Sean Patrick Farrell contributed reporting .
Follow Spokes on Twitter , twitter.com / spokesnyt , where links to the column will appear along with other bike - related tweets .
Asbestos is harmful .
Most people know that .
But , the effects of asbestos exposure can take years — even decades — to appear .
Workers exposed to asbestos long ago may only now start to show symptoms of asbestosis , mesothelioma , lung cancer or other asbestos - related disease .
Representing Industrial Workers Of All Types
Located in Pittsburg , Pennsylvania , our team at Savinis , Kane , & Gallucci , L.L.C. , is committed to shining a spotlight ON unsafe working conditions often due to corporate negligence and greed .
If you or a loved one has been exposed to asbestos in a workplace environment , we can help recover maximum compensation .
We represent industrial workers , including steam fitters , pipe fitters , shipyard workers , engineers , mechanics , and those who work at steel mills and power stations .
Long lines at store checkouts could be history if a new technology created in part at Rice University comes to pass .
Rice researchers , in collaboration with a team led by Gyou - jin Cho at Sunchon National University in Korea , have come up with an inexpensive , printable transmitter that can be invisibly embedded in packaging .
It would allow a customer to walk a cart full of groceries or other goods past a scanner on the way to the car ; the scanner would read all items in the cart at once , total them up and charge the customer 's account while adjusting the store 's inventory .
More advanced versions could collect all the information about the contents of a store in an instant , letting a retailer know where every package is at any time .
The technology reported in the March issue of the journal IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices is based on a carbon - nanotube - infused ink for ink - jet printers first developed in the Rice lab of James Tour , the T.T. and W.F. Chao Chair in Chemistry as well as a professor of mechanical engineering and materials science and of computer science .
The ink is used to make thin - film transistors , a key element in radio - frequency identification ( RFID ) tags that can be printed on paper or plastic .
" We are going to a society where RFID is a key player , " said Cho , a professor of printed electronics engineering at Sunchon , who expects the technology to mature in five years .
Cho and his team are developing the electronics as well as the roll - to - roll printing process that , he said , will bring the cost of printing the tags down to a penny apiece and make them ubiquitous .
RFID tags are almost everywhere already .
The tiny electronic transmitters are used to identify and track products and farm animals .
They 're in passports , library books and devices that let drivers pass through tollbooths without digging for change .
The technology behind RFID goes back to the 1940s , when Léon Theremin , inventor of the self - named electronic music instrument heard in so many ' 50s science fiction and horror movies , came up with a spy tool for the Soviet Union that drew power from and retransmitted radio waves .
RFID itself came into being in the 1970s and has been widely adopted by the Department of Defense and industry to track shipping containers as they make their way around the world , among many other uses .
But RFID tags to date are largely silicon - based .
Paper or plastic tags printed as part of a package would cut costs dramatically .
Cho expects his roll - to - roll technique , which uses a gravure process rather than ink - jet printers , to replace the bar codes now festooned on just about everything you can buy .
Cho , Tour and their teams reported in the journal a three - step process to print one - bit tags , including the antenna , electrodes and dielectric layers , on plastic foil .
Cho 's lab is working on 16 - bit tags that would hold a more practical amount of information and be printable on paper as well .
Cho came across
Tour 's inks while spending a sabbatical at Rice in 2005 .
" Professor
Tour first recommended we use single - walled carbon nanotubes for printing thin - film transistors , " Cho said .
Tour 's lab continues to support the project in an advisory role and occasionally hosts
Cho 's students .
Tour said Rice owns half of the patent , still pending , upon which all of the technology is based .
" Gyou - jin has carried the brunt of this , and it's his sole project , " Tour said .
" We are advisers and we still send him the raw materials " -- the single - walled carbon nanotubes produced at Rice .
Printable RFIDs are practical because they 're passive .
The tags power up when hit by radio waves at the right frequency and return the information they contain .
" If there 's no power source , there 's no lifetime limit .
When they receive the RF signal , they emit , " Tour said .
There are several hurdles to commercialization .
First , the device must be reduced to the size of a bar code , about a third the size of the one reported in the paper , Tour said .
Second , its range must increase .
" Right now , the emitter has to be pretty close to the tags , but it 's getting farther all the time , " he said .
" The practical distance to have it ring up all the items in your shopping cart is a meter .
But the ultimate would be to signal and get immediate response back from every item in your store - what 's on the shelves , their dates , everything .
" At 300 meters , you 're set - you have real - time information on every item in a warehouse .
If something falls behind a shelf , you know about it .
If a product is about to expire , you know to move it to the front - or to the bargain bin . "
Tour allayed concerns about the fate of nanotubes in packaging .
" The amount of nanotubes in an RFID tag is probably less than a picogram .
That means you can produce one trillion of them from a gram of nanotubes - a miniscule amount .
Our HiPco reactor produces a gram of nanotubes an hour , and that would be enough to handle every item in every Walmart .
" In fact , more nanotubes occur naturally in the environment , so it 's not even fair to say the risk is minimal .
It 's infinitesimal . "
###
Co-authors of the paper include Rice graduate student Ashley Leonard ; Minhun Jung , Jinsoo Noh and Gwangyong Lee of Sunchon National University ; and Jaeyoung Kim , Namsoo Lim , Chaemin Lim , Junseok Kim , Kyunghwan Jung and Hwiwon Kang of the Printed Electronics Research Center , Paru Corp. , Sunchon , Korea .
On the narrow lanes that lead towards the Anjuna flea market , impromptu convoys of motorbikes and scooters weave around the ubiquitous cows and bump over the potholes , heading in the direction of the beach .
Their riders are an odd mix : the hippies , semi-naked with their intricate tattoos and wraparound shades , straddling old Enfield Bullets , studiously ignoring the fat , pink , middle - aged package tourists clinging nervously to their scooter handlebars and wishing they were sipping their first cool Kingfisher beer of the day .
These men , too , have discarded their shirts , preferring to expose their beer bellies to the sun ; the women favour strappy vest tops and shorts that ruck up around the thighs .
If they notice the cold stares they receive from some of the local people who move among them , it does not show .
The sun is bakingly hot , sitting high in the deep blue sky above the gently waving coconut palms , the light glinting off the waves rolling gently on to the sand .
This is the Goa most people know : the relaxed , freewheeling , former Portuguese colony which opens its arms to visitors of all kinds and so appealed to the hippies who flocked here in the late 1960s that some have never left .
Yet something poisonous has entered Eden .
Beneath the surface lies a seething mass of tensions and hatreds .
A spate of high - profile attacks on western tourists , including the murder of British teenager Scarlett Keeling , is the most obvious symptom of the malaise .
A state - sponsored land grab of expatriates ' properties , the influx of Russian and Indian property developers , and even a threat to ban the wearing of bikinis has convinced many long - term stayers that the time to leave has come .
Many are alarmed by the failure to get to grips with the crime problem .
It was on Anjuna beach that 15 - year - old Scarlett 's body was found two years ago .
She had been battered and raped after an evening drinking and taking drugs while her mother , Fiona MacKeown , was travelling elsewhere in India .
Yet it was MacKeown 's vehement protests that led the police to revise their initial conclusion that the teenager had drowned accidentally .
In a week 's time , a court in the state capital , Panaji , will start to hear evidence against two men accused of her killing .
Not her murder , though , a point that rankles with some European residents who think that the authorities disapproved of her family 's unconventional lifestyle .
They point to the murder charges brought against a Russian last month after a local man died in a late - night brawl in Morjim and ask whether there is one law for Indians and another for those from abroad .
Even the state 's tourism minister , Francisco " Mickky " Pacheco , has admitted that the lax police response to attacks on foreigners is in danger of earning Goa the title of the " rape capital of India " .
The jailing last week of a waiter at a beach bar for the murder of a former social worker , Denise Higgins , in April 2007 goes some way to explain why even the most law - abiding foreigners are afraid .
Higgins , 52 , from Oxfordshire , was stabbed in her own home after befriending the man and his family .
One British expat pensioner is so scared she says she now sleeps with a knife in her bed in case of attack .
The underlying tensions bubble to the surface in the letters pages of the local papers and the internet forums of the expats , which teem with bitter accusations of racism , colonial arrogance and local mendacity .
A letter to the Herald newspaper last month was typical .
Foreigners were opening businesses and taking away the livelihood of the locals , the writer complained , before explaining that foreigners also " gift us various diseases like Aids , among other strange viruses and influenzas due to mutation and mixing of blood " .
On the popular British Expats Discussion Forum , Darren ( a former resident of Goa who decamped to Vietnam ) describes it as a " corrupt , unlawful and dangerous " place populated by lazy and thuggish young people who are distorted by " jealousy , greed and selfishness " .
This prompts another expat to dismiss the place as a " dirty shithole " .
Once Goa was in Indian hands , it was not long before the first hippies arrived , heading first for the area around Anjuna and Vagator beaches , which became famous for its beach parties and drug culture .
The state remained a hippie haven for much of the 70s .
In the early 80s , it was all New Age , to be replaced as the decade wore on by the growth in electronic music which eventually moved into the trance scene , with full - moon parties on beaches and at other open - air venues , a trend that continued into the 90s , despite an initial police clampdown .
But mass tourism had also discovered Goa .
While a range of five - star hotels sprang up in the south , the north welcomed cheap package tourism .
So how did things get so bad ?
In 2006 , there was a sudden influx of Russian and Indian developers from Delhi and Mumbai .
Large tracts of land originally designated for agriculture were converted to residential use amid accusations of corruption up to ministerial level .
As prices rose , local people suddenly found they were being priced out of the market .
It was also clear that such large - scale development would place additional strain on already limited resources such as water and electricity .
The following year , the state assembly elections were fought against a backdrop of a campaign to save Goa from the newcomers .
Caught in the backlash were thousands of foreigners who had sunk their life savings into homes there .
To their horror , the goalposts were moved and many properties had their residential use revoked .
Some of those caught by the switch had undoubtedly made use of loopholes in the law , but hundreds of others who were sure they had done everything above board were also caught in the net .
Worse still , under the 1999 foreign exchange management act they should not have bought the land either , and the offence they have now retrospectively committed carries with it a fine of three times the value of the land and the possibility of confiscation .
Others found that the rules on other documentation had changed , as had the way residency was defined .
The government wasted little time in moving against them .
Nick Papa , 47 , and Mick Cooper , 65 , received their warning notices on 14 December 2008 .
They arrived 10 years ago after falling for Goa on holiday and sank their life savings into setting up home .
They thought they had found heaven when they bought their elegantly presented house on a hillside in the village of Aldona in north Goa , paying three million rupees ( £ 44,500 ) for it and spending more than half as much again doing it up .
Now , like so many others , they are determined to leave .
Though the couple , from south Croydon , insist they stuck by the rules and have the paperwork to prove it , their nightmare is that , without government approval , they can not sell .
Even if they can find someone prepared to take their property off their hands for a reduced sum , they are barred from taking the money out of the country .
The British high commission has taken up the issue with the Indian government , but warns that it cannot interfere in the legal process .
" It 's a racist attack , " said Cooper .
" They are going to kill people with the stress .
I know one woman who has tried to slit her wrists three times .
Why has the government got this hatred for foreigners ? "
Papa joined in : " It all goes back to 2006 and the publicity about foreigners buying up property which inflamed feelings and made the locals think that inflation was because of the western influence . "
" Now you get called a white bastard and white trash , " said Cooper .
" When we moved here it was like living in paradise .
Now we are being held hostage .
We want to sell up and go home .
It 's not a safe place to be any more . "
Vikram Varma , the lawyer representing many of the British owners , says part of the problem lies in a conservative mindset among some of the local population .
" You have a set of people who are warm and friendly towards foreign nationals , with open minds and contemporary thinking .
But you also have a certain set of people who are against change of any sort , " he said .
To compound the expats ' misery , India has changed the rules on tourist visas , curtailing the length of stay and imposing a two - month ban on returning to the country .
Once British tourists might stay six months , fly to Colombo and return with a new six - month visa , but now they are shut out .
Though this change is under review , it spells the end for many who took advantage of the situation to make India their home .
Varma thinks the government has its priorities wrong : " We have nearly half a million Bangladeshis coming in illegally to India .
They enter without documents and are a major drain on the economy .
We have far fewer western tourists coming to Goa , and they come with intellectual and financial capital .
They are an asset .
The charm of Goa is its international visitors .
It is what makes Goa different from the rest of India . "
Goa , with its little white churches and elegant casas set among beautifully tended gardens , has always been a little different from the rest of India , more cosmopolitan , with a more open outlook .
The Portuguese were here for 450 years and it was still a colony long after the British left , until December 1961 when 30,000 Indian troops overwhelmed the 3,000 Portuguese defenders .
The fighting was over in 48 hours .
But rather than liberation , many older Goans regarded it as annexation by a foreign power .
Some now feel that , as people move in from poorer states to fill the menial jobs Goans will not perform , the character of the state is changing .
One elderly Indian in a village near Anjuna sums it up in words that have uncomfortable historical echoes .
" The problem is the blacks [ the non-Goan Indians ] .
Look , " she said , pointing at a plastic bottle tossed into her beautiful garden from the street , " that 's what they do , they are dirty people . "
As tensions rise , the tourist industry , so crucial to the state , is suffering .
About 2.4 million tourists visit every year , including an estimated 200,000 Britons , and it is the British – about 3,300 of them – who make up the majority of the 5,000 foreign residents .
But though Indian tourist numbers are rising , foreign visitors are down for the second consecutive year .
Lyndon Monteiro , vice - chairman of Goa 's tourism development corporation , has the tough job of trying to reverse the decline .
He said the state had no choice but to implement national laws , but insisted that everyone was welcome in Goa , irrespective of where they come from .
But he added that visitors must try harder to fit in .
" They must also respect the local culture , the law of the land and the people 's sentiments , " he said .
" Definitely , we would advise our honoured guests to dress modestly .
It is very bad manners for a man to go shirtless in a supermarket or for a woman to wear a bikini . "
While the British fight on , the authorities have claimed their first victims , fining a Swiss couple 200,000 rupees ( £ 3,000 ) and issuing them with a confiscation order .
Sitting on the veranda of their small guest - house in the heart of Anjuna , August and Ruth Thommen shake their heads at the injustice of it all .
August is 69 , Ruth 10 years younger but suffering from suspected bone cancer .
They look worn out by the strain .
August apologised that he had to leave : he had to go to the bank to withdraw the draft to pay the fine .
They bought the place 15 years ago after falling in love with Goa as holidaymakers .
Now they , too , want to get out .
" This is just robbery , " said Ruth .
" I think the government would like to kill us like in a war .
This is our heart , our life .
We never thought we would go back to Switzerland , we would die here , but now it is finished . "
She lit a cigarette and drew on it hard , reflecting on the visitors she had seen over the years .
" I saw Scarlett the morning before she died and she was completely stoned , " she said .
" Everyone knew her here .
She was a beautiful girl , but her problem was drugs and alcohol .
I can't understand how the mother can leave her like that . "
She took another drag on the cigarette , and shook her head : " When we arrived the people were more friendly , now it is all money , money , money , and cheating and lying . "
The Battleship movie just went from ho -hum board game to a Roland Emmerich / Michael Bay - esque epic battle between humans and aliens .
And the details about our other - worldly foe are pouring out .
Advertisement
Thanks to Latino Review we now have a full report on what director Peter Berg is planning for his Battleship movie .
It sounds wondrously epic and Independence Day terrible / awesome .
This is what we learned from Berg ...
The aliens , called The Regents , came here looking for something , but they are not wholly evil bent on world domination .
We did nothing to provoke them , but they still have an ecological interest in our world .
Also they fire ballistics , not ray guns and will be half - CG half - " man in a suit " technology .
But sadly , their ship is damaged somehow and that becomes another part of the plot :
" the enemy does come from another planet ...
We tried to keep it a secret , but it 's our goal to make that as intelligent and logical , certainly as ' District 9 ' was able to do .
But to provide a real intelligence to our opponent , a logic , a rationale for being there and not purely hostile , violent creatures bent on global destruction .
They 've got a much more logical agenda planned that happens to come into conflict with us .
Then there 's a chance for two relatively equal opponents to go at each other and you get a sense of some of the equipment you saw , the level and intelligence of that character of what modern sailors are today . "
" There 's a group of life forms from some other planet have come to our planet for something .
They 've got a very specific agenda .
That agenda is not global domination .
It 's an agenda and that agenda puts them into conflict with members of our military .
Their technology is relatable .
It 's not incredibly far out and unbeatable .
It 's comprehensible .
Hopefully it'll make for good fun and an intense ride . "
Advertisement
There will be a battleship - esque screen in the game similar to the movie :
" This is a key set in the film .
You put this screen on , it 's very easy to imagine this as a much more sophisticated Battleship screen from the board game .
What they 're doing with this screen is identifying threats or identifying objects whether it be in the air , on the sea or underwater .
Much the same way you would try to identify or locate your enemy in the game . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And finally the film will be heavily research based when dealing with modern day Naval technology , and what happens when all of their high tech gadgets stop functioning :
" One of the things the film inspires is it takes us into this incredibly complicated world of communications , of radar , of GPS locators , of weapons systems , to show all of this state of art as cool as we possibly can .
Somebody asked about backups ?
( If the computer systems go down )
That 's another thing we 're going to sort of explore .
Taking away some of the technology we have .... for example , you 'll see there 's a light out here [ on the battleship the reporters were on ] .
This is an old fashioned Morse Code signal light .
All of this state of the art technology in the world , if everything else goes , if you can't get a cell phone or walkie talkie signal , this can signal Morse code .
And obviously in the game Battleship , being able to identity in the game where your enemy is , and locate and identify , is something , that is the core component of the game .
Well , one of things we hope to do in this film successfully , is to take away some of this really incredible state of the art technology and have people communicating , and this is just one example , there 's others , of using some sort of old - school communication . "
Advertisement
To find out more — and there 's lots more — check out Latino Review 's entire report .
Those who have access to the classified files of intelligence agencies worldwide are familiar with the kinds of mistakes and follies that can be prompted by blindness on the intelligence front .
However , they also know that at times , even excellent intelligence and the ability to use it operationally make no difference .
At times , the tactical victory changes nothing on the strategic level .
Israel ’s intelligence community has been learning this grim lesson in the last few years .
Israeli intelligence agencies view the “ radical front ” comprising Syria Hezbollah and Hamas as their main challenge .
As it turns out , despite the willingness of various prime ministers to approve highly risky operations based on intelligence information , and despite the success stories , the overall image remains bleak .
The appointment of Meir Dagan as Mossad Chief and Aharon Ze’evi-Farkash ’s appointment as head of Military Intelligence in 2002 completely changed the intelligence community .
Dagan created a new Mossad , with a more compact task list and with greater openness to cooperation with foreign spy agencies .
Meanwhile , other Israeli intelligence units achieved unprecedented accomplishments .
Elsewhere , the Shin Bet in cooperation with the IDF intelligence branch made their own breakthroughs in understanding Palestinian guerilla groups ; this led to hundreds of assassinations of members of these groups .
The list of success stories attributed to Israel ’s intelligence community by our rivals is rather impressive .
This included the series of mishaps in the Iranian nuclear program attributed to Mossad by the Iranians – malfunctioning equipment , disappearing or exploding scientists , burned down labs , and crashed airplanes .
Other examples include the uncovering of the secret enrichment facility in Qom , which greatly embarrassed Iran ; the elimination of most of Hezbollah ’s long - range missiles , even though they were stored in warehouses deep underground ; the mysterious mishap at a joint Iranian - Syrian plant producing scud missiles with chemical warheads ; the uncovering of the information that prompted the strike on the Syrian nuclear reactor in September 2007 ; the assassination of various figures who did everything in order to hurt Israel and Israelis , topped by Imad Mugniyah and Syria ’s General Suleiman .
Another example was the military success ( but questionable political success ) in Operation Cast Lead , where Hamas sustained a huge surprise when most of its arms depots and the traps it laid for Israeli forces were lost in the accurate Israeli bombardment in the operation ’s first days .
In addition , we saw the elimination of several arms shipments from Iran to Hamas and Hezbollah in Sudan and the seizure of ships that led such shipments .
If we believe the foreign media , the assassination of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , a central figure in coordinating shipments from Iran ’s Revolutionary Guards to Gaza , is another success story , even if partial , in this war .
All of the above are outstanding achievements .
Yet did they change reality ?
In most cases the answer is no .
The exception here is the Syrian reactor , whose bombardment truly shattered President Assad ’s aspirations to acquire doomsday weapons , at least in the foreseeable future .
Yet undermining the Syrian regime ’s sovereignty and Assad ’s humiliation did not convince him to end his support for Hamas and Hezbollah or shut down the headquarters of other groups .
The second great enemy on the north , Hezbollah , despite sustaining a military blow in the 2006 war and an operational and moral blow with Mugniyah ’s assassination , remained the leading and deciding political force in Lebanon .
Hamas too , despite its military failure , remains the leading political force in the Palestinian camp .
What ’s worse , the attempts to delay the Iranian nuclear project have been exhausted .
Iran is six months away from producing enough enriched uranium to build a bomb , and about a year away from a first nuclear device .
The bottom line : Excellent intelligence and operational capabilities can only go so far .
At the end of the day , there is no substitute for dialogue and for a diplomatic process that always ends with some kind of compromise .
Sometimes people come to watch me carve .
I try not to let it distract me , because chainsaw carving is a highly dangerous craft !
I only started doing this a couple of years ago , and my first seven months were filled with fear .
I try to hold onto some of that fear even now , because if you get lazy or sloppy , that 's when accidents occur .
I do n't recommend you go running out and buying a chainsaw to try this yourself .
There are numerous safety procedures to learn and specialized equipment needed or you could be severely injured or worse .
Three dimensional art is tough .
It 's a step by step process and you have to have a vision in your mind of what the finished piece will look like .
When I look at a piece of wood - a log - I see an image .
A mermaid , a bear , a dolphin ...
If I did n't , I would n't know where to start .
I usually do n't do as much detail along the way as I did here , but this Redwood Mermaid was so important to me , making her appear more " real " as I went along helped me to envision where the rest of her was hidden in the wood .
Brian Ross , America 's Wrongest Reporter , has been credited with owning the Toyota recall story , including one memorable report with Ross behind the wheel of an out - of - control car .
He did it by splicing in staged footage to make it look scarier .
UPDATE : ABC News " fixed " the video by making it even faker .
Last month , Ross paid a visit to David Gilbert , a professor of automotive technology at Southern Illinois University who claims to have diagnosed a Toyota design flaw and found a way to reliably recreate uncommanded acceleration in its cars .
To prove it , he let Ross drive around a car he'd rigged to suffer from the defect , and sure enough , it took off without warning !
Scary .
Here 's the video :
One of the things that makes it look scary is that when the acceleration occurs , Ross ' piece cuts to a close - up shot of the Toyota 's tachometer spiking up to 6,000 RPMs in the course of a second — the whole car is outfitted with cameras , and it looks like they planted one right on top of the dashboard to record the RPMs .
Wow !
That 's fast .
But , as some commenters at YouTube and various message boards have discovered , the tachometer footage is faked .
Take a look at these screenshots of the shot of the RPMs surging , one taken at the beginning of the acceleration and one at the end , just before Ross ' piece cut back to a shot of him at the wheel :
As you can clearly see , the dashboard lights indicate that the car 's doors are open and its parking brake is on .
The first shot shows the tachometer beginning at below 1,000 RPMs — or idling speed , as opposed to the 20 mph that Ross said he was driving when the acceleration began .
On the right of the images , the speedometer appears to show a reading of zero miles per hour .
And to top it all off , the transmission indicator shows that the car is in park .
In other words , Ross took footage of a parked Toyota 's RPMs taking off and falsely portrayed the shot as having taken place while he was driving the car .
ABC News spokesman Jeffrey Schneider confirmed to Gawker that the tachometer shot was indeed taken from the parked car and spliced into Ross ' death ride .
But he says the shot was n't just taken while someone stepped on the gas pedal — it was filmed while Gilbert performed the same test that caused the acceleration while Ross was driving .
" We isolated the tachometer during tests while the car was parked , in neutral , and driving , " Schneider says .
" The shot of the car while driving was very shaky , so a choice was made in the editing suite to use the shot of the parked tachometer . "
Schneider says ABC
News is re-editing the online version of Ross ' piece to sub in the shot of the tachometer while Ross was driving , which he says shows the car 's RPMs going from " 2,000 to 6,000 or 7,000 , " and will post the following editor 's note explaining the decision :
We have changed a two second insert shot in this video report , showing the tachometer meter during Professor Gilbert 's demonstration .
The original insert shot was taped when Professor Gilbert demonstrated how an induced short circuit could cause the acceleration as the car was in park .
As you will see , the insert shot of the tachometer taped as the car is rolling is extremely shaky , which is why it was not originally used .
The readings of the induced surge are comparable .
A question about the original shot ( which clearly shows it was taped while the car was parked with the doors open ) was brought to our attention by a writer at the Gawker.com website , John Cook .
We got credit and everything !
Schneider claims that the editing trick did n't undermine the point of Ross ' piece , which was to show that Gilbert was able to recreate the flaw , prove that Toyota 's failsafe brake override system did n't work , and that the glitch did n't generate an error code that mehcanics could use to diagnose the problem .
" The tachometer shot of the car driving as an even more accurate portrayal , " he says .
" But they 're both accurate . "
If it 's true that the swapped shot actually took place while Gilbert was performing the same test he performed while Ross was driving , then we could conceivably be inclined to believe that this was a careless error rather than a deliberate attempt to deceive viewers by using the most damaging shot of the tachometer Ross had .
And maybe if he did n't have a lengthy and documented history of shamelessly hyping cooked stories — from the Iraqi connection to the 2001 anthrax attacks to former CIA agent John Kiriakou 's lie that the agency only waterboarded one person one time to Nidal Hasan 's attempt to " reach out to Al Qaeda " to the Yemeni terrorist who plotted the Christmas bombing attack from Saudi custody and so on — we would believe that .
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Greece should consider selling some of its islands as one option to reduce debt , two members of the German parliament in Chancellor Angela Merkel ’s center - right coalition said .
Josef Schlarmann , a senior member of Merkel ’s Christian Democrats , and Frank Schaeffler , a finance policy expert in the Free Democrats , were quoted on Thursday as saying that selling islands and other assets could help Greece out of its crisis .
“ Those in insolvency have to sell everything they have to pay their creditors , ” Schlarmann told Bild newspaper .
“ Greece owns buildings , companies and uninhabited islands , which could all be used for debt redemption . ”
Greece has launched an austerity program designed to secure European help to tackle its crippling debt burden .
Opinion polls show Germans are overwhelmingly against taxpayers bailing out Greece .
Greece ’s deficit was 12.7 percent of GDP in 2009 , well ahead of the EU ’s 3 percent of GDP limit .
Merkel will meet Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou in Berlin on Friday .
“ The chancellor cannot promise Greece any help , ” Schaeffler told Bild in a story under the headline : “ Sell your islands , you bankrupt Greeks !
And sell the Acropolis too ! ”
“ The Greek government has to take radical steps to sell its property -- for example its uninhabited islands , ” Schaeffler told Germany ’s best - selling daily newspaper .
Greek Deputy Foreign Minister Dimitris Droutsas was asked about the idea in an interview with ARD TV .
“ I ’ve also heard the suggestion we should sell the Acropolis , ” Droutsas said .
“ Suggestions like this are not appropriate at this time . ”
Germans have had an allergic reaction to reports their country may be part of a bailout for Greece .
Europe ’s biggest economy itself is only just creeping out of its worst post - war recession .
Police in the Rio Grande Valley have a new tactic in the war against pot smugglers : staking out office supply stores .
In three cases since last November , suspects have been followed after making large purchases of cellophane .
Here 's more on the most recent case , from Valleycentral.com .
U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) agents arrested George Luis Balboa , Gregorio Galindo - Romero and his son Raymundo Galindo - Alcazar on federal drug charges Tuesday .
A criminal complaint filed in their case shows authorities spotted Balboa making a suspicious cellophane purchase at the Office Depot off North 10th Street in McAllen .
Balboa allegedly led undercover officers to the parking lot of the Peter Piper Pizza off South Cage Boulevard in Pharr where Galindo - Romero and his son were allegedly waiting .
Authorities followed the father and son to a nearby house off South Fir Street where authorities allegedly found packing materials and scales .
Pharr police conducted a traffic stop and allegedly found three bundles of marijuana in Balboa 's car .
Court records show that authorities found another 160 bundles at his house at 5824 North 42nd Street in McAllen .
While he is naturally opposed to the tactic , drug law activist / syndicated commentator Dean Becker says it makes sense that the law is using this approach in the Valley .
" That 's where they have to bag up the big shipments , " he explains .
But who knows ?
Maybe they are watching our suspicious cellophane purchases up here in Houston too .
So those of you with big families , look out when you 're buying your sandwich bags for your kids ' lunches .
And Hair Balls has a question for you legal types : since when did buying cellophane become probable cause ?
A SENIOR nurse was undergoing emergency surgery last night after slipping in a puddle caused by a leaking vent at the decaying Hornsby hospital .
Her fall came two months after orders were given to hide the crumbling , water - damaged ceiling by painting over it .
Beware ... bins collect rainwater in the corridor at Hornsby hospital where Andrea Walters , inset , fell and shattered her right arm .
Credit : Ben Rushton
Last year angry doctors called the rundown hospital '' offensive and mediaeval ' ' , and complained of possum urine on the walls , dangerous cables across floors , and ceilings collapsing from rain damage .
They have run a campaign to have the hospital rebuilt and say they were stunned to see a tradesman painting over the water damage in December .
This story is part of a special series that explores energy issues .
For more , visit The Great Energy Challenge .
Presidio , Texas , has one link to U.S. electrical power , stretching some 60 miles ( 100 kilometers ) from Marfa in the high desert to the banks of the Rio Grande .
Built in 1948 , the transmission line was around when Rock Hudson , Elizabeth Taylor , and James Dean walked Marfa ’s streets while filming the epic movie Giant .
Electrical storms erupt frequently in the rugged expanse between Marfa , nearly one mile ( 1,600 meters ) above sea level , and Presidio , on the Mexico border , “ one of the hottest places in the nation , ” in the words of city administrator Brad Newton .
“ It really creates a situation unique to our geographic area , ” he says .
Reliance on a single aging , transmission line in this hostile terrain has made life in Presidio different than in most of the United States .
Chronic power outages and electrical fluctuations have been the norm .
And sweltering in the dark has been only part of the problem .
The situation wreaks havoc with electrical devices , causing computer systems to reset frequently — an annoyance in homes and a constant worry for authorities .
“ The area is a significant border crossing and for them to lose computers was not a good option , ” said Calvin Crowder , president of Electric Transmission Texas , LLC , a joint venture between subsidiaries of American Electric Power and Warren Buffett ’s electricity company , Berkshire Hathaway ’s MidAmerican Energy Holdings .
ETT is just completing installation of a system designed to resolve Presidio ’s power woes .
Texas - Size Battery
The hoped - for remedy is a battery , a Texas - size battery , which could eventually end up playing an important role in wider use of green power generation such as solar and wind .
The U.S. $ 25 million system , which is now charging and is set to be dedicated April 8 , will be the largest use of this energy storage technology in the United States .
The four - megawatt sodium - sulfur ( NaS ) battery system consists of 80 modules , 8,000 pounds ( 3,600 kilograms ) each , constructed by the Japanese firm NGK - Locke .
They were shipped to Long Beach , California , in December and transported to Texas aboard 24 trucks .
The cost of the battery system includes $ 10 million just to construct the building in which it will be housed and the new substation it requires .
Sodium - sulfur batteries are not as well known as the now - ubiquitous lithium - ion batteries that power laptops and cell phones , but they are by no means new .
Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor Donald Sadoway explains that the technology was , in fact , invented in the United States .
“ It was used by Ford in an electric vehicle in the early 1990s , ” he said .
“ The all - electric Ford Escort was powered by sodium–sulfur batteries made in Heidelberg , Germany .
" It worked , but the technology was too expensive .
They made maybe a hundred that were not for sale . ”
( Sadoway , a battery design specialist , actually got a chance to drive the concept vehicle , which he recalls was “ a real blast . ” )
American Electric Power ( AEP ) first tested the NaS system for stationary power at its Dolan Technology Center near Columbus , Ohio , and deployed it in a demonstration project in Gahanna , Ohio , in 2002 .
Since then , AEP has installed four NaS battery systems in West Virginia , Indiana , and Ohio .
NaS looked like a solution that would work for Presidio .
Also , it is part of a larger modernization project that includes plans for a new 60 - mile ( 100 - kilometer ) , 69 - kilovolt transmission line from Marfa to Presidio at a cost of $ 45 million , to be completed by 2012 .
As such , the cost of the battery system will be shared by all 22 million customers on the Texas electricity grid .
Members of the state legislature , Presidio officials , ETT and AEP Texas petitioned the grid operator , the Electric Reliability Council of Texas , to approve the project , labeling it a certified need .
The plan also needed and obtained approval of the Public Utility Commission of Texas .
Even when the transmission line is modernized , Crowder said the battery system will still be essential for Presidio .
Despite the latest in lightning arrestors , controls , and switching , the new line will not be immune to the fierce storms spawned on the plains .
Fast Response Time
The battery system will have a fast response time to address voltage fluctuations and momentary outages .
And it also is designed to supply uninterrupted power for up to eight hours .
This is not only crucial in the event of an outage , but it will assure that the lights stay on if Presidio needs to tap power from across the border in Mexico , as the city sometimes does during emergency situations — a switchover process that can take hours .
Crowder predicted that as those who are in the business of generating energy watch what ETT is doing , there will be “ more and larger deployments in use of battery storage for wind and solar . ”
“ This type of technology as a utility application is still fairly new in the United States , ” Crowder said .
“ Japan has been at this for a decade or so .
As we learn more and as the price becomes less through mass production , there will be opportunities for wind and solar to improve the economics of their power . ”
MIT 's Sadoway , a professor in materials chemistry , said that many of NGK ’s systems , indeed , are in use in Japan .
But he said batteries as backup for solar is still far too expensive .
If you were to take the Trier Social Stress Test ( TSST ) , as nearly one hundred fifty pregnant women did in a study led by Sonja Entinger at the University of California at Irvine , you ’d be led to a windowless room with a video camera and instruments that measure your vital signs .
There , an assistant would ask you to sit and be hooked up to instruments that measure your vital signs .
In the room you ’d also find three men and women sitting at a table , waiting for you .
They are your interview panel .
Facing them belly - on , your instructions are to pretend that you ’re applying for a job and must deliver a five - minute speech to convince them that you ’re right for the position .
Someone would say 1 - 2 - 3 - GO , and you ’d start babbling , hopefully coherently .
If you have nothing more to say before your time is up , one of your interviewers will blandly instruct you to continue .
Run out of words again and twenty seconds of eerie silence will fill the room .
And when you ’re finally done , you ’ll be asked to do a bit of mental math — say , to count down , in increments of thirteen , from a large prime number like 54,499 .
Before and afterward the fifteen minute ordeal , a researcher will enter the room and hand you a swab to collect your saliva for testing .
Analyzing all the data from their study , including an analysis of body language and hormone levels of women who took the TSST , the UC Irvine researchers confirmed something remarkable : the further along a woman was in her pregnancy , the less stressful she found the stress test .
Compared to their stress levels in second trimester ( 17 weeks ) , volunteers in their third trimester ( 31 weeks ) had lower blood pressure , slower heartrates , and lesser spike in the hormone cortisol .
Pregnant women also did not stress out as much as nonpregnant controls who took the same tests at the same time intervals .
This was not the first study that found that pregnant women , especially those in third trimester , are calmer than nonpregnant women under the same ( short and moderately stressful ) circumstances .
But it was the first time that the same women were tracked at different stages of gestation .
So what is that makes pregnant women more Zen as they approach their due date ?
The likely answer is that the body reduces the sensitivity of cortisol receptors , even though baseline levels of the stress hormone are higher .
In other words , it takes more stress hormones than usual to get the nervous system all hot and bothered .
At the same time , the placenta increases production of an enzyme that changes cortisol to an inactive form , meaning that less of the toxic stuff filters through to the baby .
Near the end of pregnancy , probably to calm you down before labor and help you bond with the baby , your body also produces more of the nervous - system soothing hormones oxytocin and prolactin .
All this is good news for moms who are slammed with short - term mild to moderate stress late in their pregnancies .
But there ’s an even bigger surprise to come out of this .
You may think this is your body subconsciously protecting the baby at a time of stress .
But it ’s just as likely that it works the other way around : your baby protecting you ( as well as herself ) , because her placenta is responsible for at least some of the stress - dampening response to cortisol .
It ’s a beautiful idea — mother and child soothing one another in the face of life ’s assaults .
A San Diego County marijuana farmer has been ordered by a court to fork over $ 18,000 for the electricity he stole to secretly grow his plants in a rented La Mesa home .
Yeng Vang , 23 , of La Mesa was sentenced to 60 months in custody and five years of supervised release in connection with the theft of power he used from 2006 to 2008 to grow about 100 plants in two bedrooms .
He also was ordered to repay San Diego Gas & Electric .
Vang pleaded guilty in July to conspiracy to manufacture marijuana .
He admitted to installing a bypass around the home ’s power meter so that he would not be billed for using high - intensity grow - lights .
“ We ’re pleased with the court ’s ruling , ” said Denise King , a spokeswoman for the utility .
“ Not only is energy theft against the law , it is unsafe and potentially dangerous . ”
Steganography with Clojure - Hiding Text in Images
Steganography is the process of hiding data in other data so no one apart from the sender and the receiver knows the existence or transmission of the message .
It allows us to send a message within a seemingly unimportant message or something that does not attract attention .
Steganography has been used throughout the history , some old school methods include ,
Greeks and wax covered tablets
Histiaeus and the shaved head
Invisible inks in WWII
Microdots
This post will cover hiding textual data in images using LSB ( Least Significant Bit ) technique .
Each pixel in an image is a 32 bit int , split into 8 bit values representing alpha , red , green , blue .
0xAARRGGBB
Changing least significant bit in each of these four values would allow minor variations in color and it should be unnoticable to the naked eye , even when noticed it can easily be mistaken for flaws in the quality of the picture .
So by changing last bit of all four values we can encode 4 bits of data per pixel .
( Not all image formats support alpha for those you can encode 3 bits per pixel . )
( ns steganography ( :use clojure.contrib.seq-utils ) ( :import ( javax.imageio ImageIO ) ( java.io File ) ) ) ( defn bits [ n ] ( reverse ( map #( bit - and ( bit - shift - right n % ) 1 ) ( range 8 ) ) ) )
Given a byte bits will return a sequence of bits that represent that byte ,
steganography= > ( bits ( int \ C ) ) ( 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 )
numb reverses the process given a sequence of bits , you get the original byte ,
( defn numb [ bits ] ( BigInteger . ( apply str bits ) 2 ) )
steganography= > ( char ( numb ( bits ( int \ C ) ) ) ) \C
Using set - lsb we will encode one bit per a r g b value , given a byte and one bit from the data , we set the LSB to the bit given ,
( defn set - lsb [ bits bit ] ( concat ( take 7 bits ) [ bit ] ) )
steganography= > ( set-lsb ( bits 255 ) 0 ) ( 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ) => ( 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 )
We take the string we want to encode , pad it with " ; " which will indicate we have reached the end of our message while decoding , then turn it into a sequence of bits ,
( defn string - to - bits [ msg ] ( flatten ( map #( bits % ) ( .get Bytes ( str msg " ; " ) ) ) ) )
steganography= > ( string - to - bits " cb " ) ( 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 )
Next using this bit sequence we created , we match every four bits to a coordinate ,
( defn get - argb [ img cord ] ( let [ [ x y ] cord clr ( .getRGB img x y ) ] [ ( bit - and ( bit - shift - right clr 24 ) 0xff ) ( bit - and ( bit - shift - right clr 16 ) 0xff ) ( bit - and ( bit - shift - right clr 8 ) 0xff ) ( bit - and clr 0xff ) ] ) ) ( defn set - argb [ img cord color ] ( let [ [ x y ] cord [ a r g b ] color c ( bit - or ( bit - shift - left a 24 ) ( bit - or ( bit - shift - left r 16 ) ( bit - or ( bit - shift - left g 8 ) b ) ) ) ] ( .setRGB img x y c ) ) ) ( defn match - bits - coords [ bits img ] ( partition 2 ( interleave ( partition 4 bits ) ( take ( / ( count bits ) 4 ) ( for [x ( range ( .get Width img ) ) y ( range ( .get Height img ) ) ] [ x y ] ) ) ) ) )
steganography= > ( match- bits - coords ( string - to - bits " c " ) ( ImageIO / read ( File . " drive.png " ) ) ) ( ( (0 1 1 0 ) [ 0 0 ] ) ( ( 0 0 1 1 ) [ 0 1 ] ) ( ( 0 0 1 1 ) [ 0 2 ] ) ( ( 1 0 1 1 ) [ 0 3 ] ) )
We iterate over this bit coordinate sequence , for each pixel , we retrieve its argb value , match each a r g b vals with a bit , then encode it using set - lsb and set this new color we calculated for the pixel ,
( defn set - pixels [ img d ] ( doseq [ [ data cord ] d ] ( let [ color - bit ( partition 2 ( interleave ( get- argb img cord ) data ) ) color ( map # ( let [ [ n b ] % ] ( numb ( set-lsb ( bits n ) b ) ) ) color - bit ) ] ( set - argb img cord color ) ) ) )
In order to encode data , we read the image , match bits to coordinates , iterate through the pixels calculating and setting new colors and finally writing the image ,
( defn encode [ fname msg ] ( let [ img ( ImageIO / read ( File. fname ) ) data ( match - bits - coords ( string - to - bits msg ) img ) ] ( set - pixels img data ) ( ImageIO / write img " png " ( File . ( str " encoded_ " fname ) ) ) ) )
( encode " drive.png " " Attack At Down ! ! " )
Extracting data we encoded is much simpler ,
( defn get - pixels [ img ] ( map #( get - argb img % ) ( for [x ( range ( .get Width img ) ) y ( range ( .get Height img ) ) ] [ x y ] ) ) )
steganography= > ( take 3 ( get- pixels ( ImageIO / read ( File . " encoded_drive.png " ) ) ) ) ( [ 0 255 254 254 ] [ 0 254 254 255 ] [ 0 255 255 255 ] )
First build a sequence of argb values for each pixel ,
( defn split - lsb [ data ] ( map #( last ( bits % ) ) data ) )
after flattening this sequence , we extract least significant bit from each byte giving us a sequence of 0's and 1's .
Our original string as a bit string ,
( defn decode [ fname ] ( let [ img ( ImageIO / read ( File. fname ) ) to - char #( char ( numb ( first % ) ) ) ] ( loop [ bytes ( partition 8 ( split-lsb ( flatten ( get- pixels img ) ) ) ) msg ( str ) ] ( if ( = ( to - char bytes ) \ ; ) msg ( recur ( rest bytes ) ( str msg ( to - char bytes ) ) ) ) ) ) )
( decode " encoded_drive.png " )
Now all we have to do is partition that sequence into groups of 8 , each representing a char .
We just keep casting bits into a char until we read " ; " which denotes we have reached the end of our message .
Okay , enough typing let 's see it in action , assuming we want to encode " Attack At Down ! ! " .
Image before steganography ,
steganography= > ( encode " drive.png " " Attack At Down ! ! " ) steganography= > ( decode " encoded_drive.png " ) " Attack At Down ! ! "
Image after steganography ,
You are not limited to encoding text in images , you can embed images within images , although I used 4 bits per pixel if you think you can get away with more degradation in quality you can embed more bits per pixel .
Updated : President Obama called former Vice President Dick Cheney at home to wish him a speedy recovery from his latest heart attack , a rare truce in the fiery , arms - length debate the two have been having about national security over the last year .
A White House official said Thursday that the president called Mr. Cheney on Wednesday after the former vice president was released from George Washington University Hospital .
Mr. Cheney was treated for what his office called a “ mild heart attack , ” his fifth over the last three decades .
Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. had previously called his predecessor while Mr. Cheney was still at the hospital .
The White House did not announce Mr. Obama ’s call on Wednesday but the official confirmed it in response to an inquiry .
Mr. Cheney ’s spokesman , Peter Long , said the former vice president “ thanked him or the call and they enjoyed a pleasant , non-substantive conversation . ”
In the year since Mr. Obama assumed the presidency , Mr. Cheney has become his fiercest and highest profile critic , particularly in terms of his handling of terrorism .
At one point last year , Mr. Obama and Mr. Cheney gave back - to - back speeches assailing each other ’s approach to detaining and interrogating suspected terrorists and just this month , Mr. Cheney appeared opposite Mr. Biden on Sunday talk shows in what amounted to a debate about the Obama presidency .
Mr. Cheney has accused the president of not understanding that the country is at war with terrorists and recently told a conservative political conference that he thought Mr. Obama would be “ a one - term president . ”
The White House has sharply assailed Mr. Cheney ’s record and at one point in December accused him of making “ untrue ” statements .
by Brett Stevens on March 18 , 2009
Interesting comments on a new book :
The wider disputes the Moynihan Report set in motion are anything but ivory - tower squabbles .
Liberals charged that the senator ’s theory gave ammunition to right - wing arguments for diminished government support of anti-poverty programs .
They watched , with growing helplessness , as a crescendo of Republican voices began invoking Moynihan ’s writings to defend reduced funding for Head Start , job training , adult literacy , and welfare .
Simply put , conservatives argued that blacks needed to change their behavior before money could do any good .
In this way , a deep American schism was born .
Liberals believed that black poverty was caused by systemic racism , such as workplace discrimination and residential segregation , and that focusing on the family was a form of “ blaming the victim . ”
Conservatives pointed to individual failure to embrace mainstream cultural values like hard work and sobriety , and intact ( read : nuclear ) families .
It ’s like Yankees vs. Mets , and for 40 years there has been no middle ground .
( That the current generation of college students might not necessarily share this polarized view may augur an important shift in the years ahead . )
Slate
That statement really nails the divide on race in America , does n’t it ?
Conservatives say blacks do n’t fit with white values ; liberals blame white actions .
There ’s no reconciling it .
The book cited , More Than Just Race , by William Julius Wilson , pretends to be a new thesis but is a variant on the nurture argument above : white actions caused ghettoes to which minorities have adapted , and in doing so , have taken on bad behaviors .
Barring the absolutely vile racist arguments and the equally off - base “ scientific ” justification of equality , why not look at the obvious — different populations , evolving in different climates and places , produced genetic inclinations toward different behaviors and values .
Hasse Walum at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm , Sweden , and colleagues looked at the various forms of the gene coding for a vasopressin receptor in 552 Swedish people , who were all in heterosexual partnerships .
The researchers also investigated the quality of their relationships .
They found that variation in a section of the gene called RS3 334 was linked to how men bond with their partners .
Men can have none , one or two copies of the RS3 334 section , and the higher the number of copies , the worse men scored on a measure of pair bonding .
Not only that , men with two copies of RS3 334 were more likely to be unmarried than men with one or none , and if they were married , they were twice as likely to have a marital crisis .
New Scientist
There are even differences within populations , but these differences are more pronounced between populations , in addition to other differences that might arise .
Those disclaimers out of the way , it ’s fascinating that these genes exist , and their tendency to control our behavior explains why we ’re afraid of them : maybe we ’re not actually in control of ourselves , but are simply machines acting out their programming .
And this cuts to the core of why people adopt the nurture dogma as opposed to others : if we believe in nurture , we get to believe we ’re each in control , and that with the right opportunities — not the right innate abilities — we become successes .
It gives us a reason to feel humble if we do succeed , and something to blame if we do not .
We love the immutable and tangible nature of this opportunity game .
We can justify away any failures by blaming someone else .
We can even use it to demonize society at large and claim we do not want to succeed .
The possibilities are endless , and our accountability is greatly reduced .
When we apply this to race , it forms a discussion neatly bracketing the issue : whose fault is it ?
Not the vital question : what ’s the best way forward ?
In the meantime , in the racial dialogue , there is an unheard voice of the silent majority who want to live with people like them — in race , ethnicity , class , caste , values , customs , and outlook .
A state appeals court in San Francisco today upheld a Berkeley Unified School District policy that considers neighborhood racial composition , but not the race of individual students , when assigning students to schools .
The school district policy classifies students into three diversity categories according to their neighborhoods , which are geographic areas of four to eight city blocks .
Racial composition â€ ” or the percent of students of color living in the area â€ ” is one of three factors used to determine the neighborhood ’s diversity category .
The other two factors are average household income and average education level of adult residents .
Steele said , “ I think the Berkeley policy charts a path that can be used by other districts that would like a voluntary desegregation plan . ”
SJMN
Why does this come up , again and again ?
Because we insist that all people are the same , when the truth is that we ’re different , just as our ethnic groups are different .
Instead of trying to make them equal , implying that if they ’re not there ’s a problem , why not just accept the differences and then move forward ?
Tags : race
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Hit the ← or → key to navigate to other images
Best Divorce Letter Ever
Do you think she ’ll take him back ?
Do you think she ’ll take him back ?
Hit the ← or → key to navigate to other images
Captured ghosts from our house
Captured by an exorsist from a spiritualist church
one spirit we believe is a man by the name of Les Graham , managed to track down a photo .
He died in the house in the 1920's .
Exorsist believes this spirit likes to make himself known and spook people .
but he is not a very strong spirit .
The other spirit came from when me and my partner stupidly did an Oujia Board .
We believe it is a little girl who likes to move things and turn things on and off .
Exorsist says she is VERY strong and if left will get stronger .
We have had no activity since they were bottled on July 15th 2009 .
So i believe they are in the bottles .
They are bottled with holy water as aparantly the water dulls the spirits energy , sort of puts them to sleep .
To revive the spirit , i have been told that you pour into a little dish and let it evaporate into your house .
I just want to get rid of them as they scare me .
But someone might like these to play with .
So if you like ghosts , heres two real ones !
There were no answered questions or comments placed on this listing .
You must have Javascript enabled to ask and answer questions
Your question and answer privileges have been disabled .
You must log in to view questions and answers on this listing .
We recommend reading questions before you make any purchases .
Question submitted Note :
You must log in to ask or answer questions posted .
We recommend reading questions before you make any purchases .
Available only to approved bidders .
You must be an authenticated member to ask questions
Find out more about becoming authenticated Your account is in debt
Your current account balance is You must credit your account to use this feature .
Firearms licence #
Firearms licence holder name
First name is required Last name is required
Your current account balance is Please note you will lose your question and answer privileges if your account is in debt for more than 2 weeks .
Credit your account I confirm that I am over 18 years old .
To prevent your personal details being misused please do not put emails or phone numbers in questions .
Failure to comply may result in the suspension of your account .
The seller cannot add a Buy Now price once bidding has started .
Slice of Chicago Pizza Tours is launching in March .
The work of husband - and - wife team Mark and Lauren Singer , the 2.5 - hour walking tours will take the pie-curious to various " Chicago - style deep - dish pizzerias based on their historical significance and great taste . "
Total walking distance is 1 to 1.5 miles , depending on the route taken .
Pizza - tourists will get " a sizeable but not full size piece of deep - dish cheese pizza at each restaurant . "
Tickets are $ 40 a person and may be purchased by calling 312-623-9292 .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
ELIZABETH --
At El Palmar , a restaurant where Puerto Rican maps dot the wall and the sopa de pollo arrives as a steamy orange broth with potatoes and noodles , the chatter last week turned to a little - known issue that is nonetheless important to all native Puerto Ricans , regardless of age .
Birth certificates .
It turns out that in December , the Puerto Rican government passed an unusual law that will invalidate , as of July 1 , all birth certificates in existence for people born in Puerto Rico .
The goal was to prevent fraud and identity theft .
But neither the law nor the reasons behind it were well - publicized , and many Puerto Ricans learned only last week , from news accounts , that they will have to apply for valid birth certificates .
" I ’m going to try to do it as soon as possible , " Wilfredo Rodriguez , 63 , of Elizabeth , said Wednesday between spoonfuls of chicken soup .
" I ’m retired , so I need it for medical issues ...
But I do n’t see the real need for it ( the change ) . "
The reason for the change , according to the Puerto Rican Federal Affairs Administration , is rampant fraud involving stolen Puerto Rican birth certificates .
The new ones being issued will use technology designed to prevent forgery , the government says .
Puerto Rican birth certificates have been involved in 40 percent of the 8,000 cases of passport fraud investigated by the U.S. State Department ’s Bureau of Diplomatic Security , according to a copy of the law passed by the Puerto Rican Senate .
Stolen birth certificates , sold on the black market for up to $ 10,000 , have been used to illegally obtain passports and other government documents , according to the government .
Hudson County has its own experience with fraud involving birth certificates .
Since 2004 , due to past sales of fraudulent birth certificates , the U.S. State Department has not accepted birth records issued by the county .
Residents requesting birth certificates have had to apply to their municipalities or , if they live in Jersey City or Secaucus , to the state office of vital statistics in Trenton .
The norms of government transactions in Puerto Rico , where people often submit copies of birth certificates rather than just presenting them , have facilitated the fraud , according to the government .
Those norms will change come July 1 , when , under the new law , no transaction in Puerto Rico , public or private , can require submission of original birth certificates .
People born in Puerto Rico , a commonwealth of the United States , are U.S. citizens .
The requirement for an entire population to purchase identification at the same time has struck many people as a bureaucratic nightmare waiting to happen .
" A lot of people do n’t know about it .
Some of the community ’s leadership does n’t know about it , " said Lydia Valencia , executive director of the Puerto Rican Congress of New Jersey , in Lakewood .
" Where do you go ?
How do you do it ?
I have no idea .
And if I have no idea , imagine others . "
That , too , is explained on the government website , www.prfaa.com.
Copies are $ 5 . Additional copies are $ 4 .
The fees are waived for veterans and people over 60 .
New Jersey has about 400,000 residents of Puerto Rican descent , a population scattered across the state from Paterson , Newark and Elizabeth to New Brunswick and Vineland .
About 125,000 of those people were born in Puerto Rico and stand to be affected by the new law .
Yet they will not be flooding any government offices in New Jersey .
Applications , printed off a link from the website , are to be sent to the Puerto Rico Vital Statistics Record Office in San Juan , with a copy of a valid government - issued photo ID ; a money order with the fee ; and a self - addressed stamped envelop .
The vital statistics office ’s address is listed on the website .
Community organizations whose clients include Puerto Ricans , such as La Casa de Don Pedro in Newark , are giving out copies of the form .
The government asked that people with other government - issued identifying documents , such as a passport or driver ’s license , wait to request a new birth certificate until after the July 1 deadline , to avoid a rush .
The owner of El Palmar , Eddie Rosado , a 36 - year - old native Puerto Rican who has lived in New Jersey for 23 years , said the law does not bother him .
Then again , he has a passport and a driver ’s license for identification and rarely needs to show a birth certificate .
" If it ’s for security , I ’m for it 100 percent , " he said .
" It would be a good idea so people do n’t go selling them . "
It goes without saying that we love Plants vs. Zombies here at Ars Technica , especially the pocket - sized iPhone version of the game that was just released .
If you have n't played it , you can download the free demo here and even get 10 percent off if you decide to buy the full game .
It 's a bizarre , funny , and addictive strategy title with a quirky art style , but the most surprising thing about it is that it was originally supposed to be an entirely different game .
What many gamers do n't realize is that Plants vs. Zombies started out as a sequel to Insaniquarium , a strategy game that involves growing an aquarium 's population while simultaneously protecting the fishes from an alien invasion .
PopCap recently shared some original concept sketches for with us , and the evolution from sequel to fully original title is fascinating .
According to the game 's creator , George Fan , the development team wanted to create a game that was pretty different from Insaniquarium .
" We knew we wanted to significantly change up the gameplay for the sequel , " he said , " and [ we were ] leaning toward it to being more defense - oriented than the first Insaniquarium .
During that time I was also playing a lot of tower defense games in Warcraft III , and realized that they had this innate appeal that made me think of fond childhood memories like building forts out of sofa cushions and watching Swiss Family Robinson .
I really wanted to capture that appeal , and once I realized that plants and zombies made a much better theme for this game than fish and aliens , I shifted from creating a sequel into creating a whole new game . "
In the top image , the alien featured is , " sort of a locust - alien , " that never made it into the game .
Meanwhile , the above picture shows the direction things were headed towards before zombies ended up taking on a starring role in the game .
" Here we have some evolutions of some of the aliens in Insaniquarium , " Fan explained .
" You can see Psychosquid making a return , this time in a ' tank on a tank . '
I had a couple of ideas for aliens that would burrow underground . "
According to Fan , the move from Insaniquarium 2 to Plants vs. Zombies largely took place with the below image .
Up until this point , the game had been set to feature standard tower defense gameplay ; it also switched the game 's antagonists , established the initial ideas for the peashooter unit , and also marked the first time that sunlight was considered as a resource .
" This sketch was an important one , " Fan said .
" It marked the biggest gameplay change during development , which was the change from traditional tower defense paths to the 5 - lane linear gameplay you see in the finished product .
It also marked the transition of the game 's adversary from aliens to zombies , as evidenced by the multiple alien references and the zombie in the lower left .
I believe it is also the first appearance of the all - important sunflower plant and the idea of sun as a resource .
That seed - shooting tomato on the right eventually became the peashooter . "
If you have played Plants vs. Zombies , you know how many different types of plants there actually are in the game .
As it turns out , a ton of ideas for plants were considered .
Looking through some of the sketches , one has to wonder why some plants never made through the screening process ... though others were nixed for obvious reasons .
Fan clearly agrees , on both fronts .
Some sketches looked great , but he could n't figure out what such units would do against the undead hordes :
" The peanut with the monocle probably would 've taken us too far into infringement - land .
I do like the carrot that 's rocking out , even though I 'm not sure what game - purpose he would serve .
It would 've been nice to get jolly - moustache - potato - man into the game . "
Whether or not PopCap is still planning a sequel to Insaniquarium has n't been revealed , but it goes without saying that we 're glad Plants vs.
Zombies became its own game in spite of its remarkably different origins .
If we 're lucky , a sequel to either — or both — is in the works , and if we 're extremely fortunate , the end results will be just as unique and fun as their predecessors .
South Carolina is a microcosm of sorts representing the diversity of barbecue sauces across the land .
The coast likes a thin vinegar sauce , a tomato - based sauce is mopped on in the north , and a thick ketchup mixture adorns smoked meat in the west , but a large majority smack dab in the center of state enjoy a sauce that 's uniquely their own : the mustard sauce .
Only a recent convert to loving all - things - mustard , I had a hard time fathoming why anyone would choose to dress their cue in something so mustardy , but lately I 've been siding with this concoction , which is born from a collision of German ancestry and American barbecue .
This simple sauce starts with a mustard base , mixes some sweetness in with sugar , the vinegar gives it a barbecue tang , and just enough spices create a uniqueness between one sauce and another .
Unlike my unbridled enthusiasm for North Carolina Vinegar Sauce ( which I 've been perfecting thanks to all of your comments ) , I 've approached the mustard sauce more cautiously .
Though it makes a nice alternative on a pulled pork and slaw sandwich , I 'm not quite feeling it on ribs or with any beef yet .
Being new to the South Carolina way , I 'm wondering how you use this mustard sauce ?
South Carolina Mustard Sauce
One of Hip Hop ’s most influential emcees is presently in critical condition , several sources say .
Guru , one half of pioneering ’ 80s , ’90s and ’00s Brooklyn - based Hip Hop group Gang Starr suffered a heart attack this weekend , according to the emcee and producer ’s sister Tricia .
HipHopWired.com says that the emcee , born Keith Elam is presently in a coma from complications of going into cardiac arrest .
Guru is best known for penning hits such as “ Words I Manifest , ” “ Discipline ” and “ Just To Get A Rep . ” Between 1986 and 2004 , Guru ( an acronym Gifted Unlimited Rhymes Universal ) founded Gang Starr , a duo with DJ Premier that also includes Gang Starr Foundation affiliates Big Shug , Group Home , Jeru Da Damaja and Smiley Da Ghetto Child .
Born and raised in the Boston area , Guru relocated to Brooklyn in the late ’ 80s , where Gang Starr released its first singles with 45 King as producer .
By 1988 , the group evolved as a duo with Premier , and released their 1989 full - length debut No More Mr. Nice Guy on Wild Pitch Records .
The duo would go on to release classic albums on Chrysalis / Virgin / EMI , such as 1994 ’s Hard To Earn and 1998 ’s Moment Of Truth .
Gang Starr ’s last album , 2003 ’s The Ownerz featured Jadakiss , Fat Joe and longtime affiliate Freddie Foxxx .
The platinum group toured the world and released several greatest hits collections , most notably Full Clip : A Decade Of Gang Starr in 1999 .
The duo announced their split in 2004 , reportedly due to creative and personal differences .
As a solo artist , Guru released four volumes of Jazzmatazz , Jazz - inspired recordings with legendary genre artists such as Donald Byrd and Roy Ayers .
Guru has launched two labels in his career , Ill Kid Records and 7 Grand , where he and production partner Solar worked alongside artists such as Talib Kweli , Damian Marley and Jean Grae .
HipHopDX extends prayerful thoughts to one of our staff ’s most - respected emcees , the Elam family , Solar , DJ Premier and fans .
We will keep you updated .
UPDATE : Miss Info confirms these reports with sources close to Guru .
The emcee is presently in a New York hospital , awaiting surgery .
DJ Eclipse spoke with DJ Premier , who also confirmed this .
Premier was going to address the matter on Eclipse ’s Sirius Hip Hop Nation show , but later changed his decision .
NahRight.com has compiled Twitter reactions from notable artists including Jean Grae , ? uestlove , Royce Da 5 ’ 9 ″ and Jay Electronica .
UPDATE : Solar , Guru ’s production partner and co-founder of 7 Grand Records released a statement to HipHopDX through his spokespeople at Yo! Public Relations .
The statement is as follows , “ Guru is struggling with a serious health issue .
We , the whole 7 Grand Records family , appreciate all your love and well wishes .
We continue to hold out hope that Guru will make a full recovery from this .
We ask that his privacy on this matter will be respected .
Again , thank you for all your support through this trying time . ”
DX will continue to report on this , with full respect to the privacy of Guru and his family .
UPDATE : Spokespeople for Guru and 7 Grand Records told HipHopDX early Tuesday morning that Guru ’s surgery yesterday was successful , and the emcee is expected to make a full recovery .
More information will be made available today .
UPDATE : Sources have revealed that Guru remains in a coma after the surgery .
The coma is reportedly due to controlled medications .
Meanwhile , the emcee famous for his raspy voice is presently on a breathing machine .
Fans are urged to continue their prayers and good wishes , and you will be updated soon .
UPDATE : Today ( March 3 ) , through his Yo- PR platform , Guru released the following statement .
There is no indication if the emcee is still using a breathing apperatus : “ I am doing fine and I am recovering .
I ’m weak though .
Solar is the only person who has the accurate info on my situation .
Any info from anybody else is false .
I appreciate your well wishes and all the love . ”
UPDATE : This morning ( March 5 ) , Solar released a statement reacting the Wednesday posting of a YouTube video testimony from Guru ’s nephew Justin .
“ I have nothing but the deepest love and respect for The Elam family .
But I have not stopped anybody from seeing him !
Guru ’s brother , sister and niece has visited with him and his brother was here for three days .
I am in touch with them on a daily basis .
Guru ’s family dynamic and who he wants to look out for his interests is Guru ’s business and best left to Guru to discuss .
I will state that Guru wanted this matter to be kept private to protect his loved ones and fans from this ordeal , and from it becoming a circus , which it is becoming .
Guru has made clear he does not want anything to do with certain people from his past , and for them too be making false statements about his health is unacceptable . ”
The producer continued , “ Guru ’s well being and need to heal is what I am concerned with , and that Guru ’s wishes in this matter be observed . ”
A natural way for dogs to communicate is to bark at things they find or see , usually which are interesting or a threat to them .
If you have a dog that barks too much , then you want to find a way to calm down the instinct by offering the best dog training .
While you want to make sure your dog can express themselves sometimes by barking , you also want to focus on not letting the noise become a burden .
Following are some of the dog training tips that help your dog to stop barking while establishing basic obedience rules for the home .
Start young .
If you have an older dog that has n't been trained to stop barking , it is difficult to stop .
You want to make sure that you train puppies not to bark if they are doing it too much .
The younger you start training them , the easier it will be for them to understand the dog training commands .
Understand what barking is for .
Barks from a dog are used for several reasons .
You want to make sure you understand why they bark and whether this can be prevented .
Some common reasons for barking are from the dog being bored or lonely .
If there are distractions that the dog feels are a threat , they may also bark .
You can prevent dogs from barking by giving them extra attention or by getting another pet .
Reward them when they stop .
Just like other types of obedience training , you can easily stop your dog from barking by showing them when to be quiet .
This is known as one of the best dog training methods .
Dog training commands and words such as saying quiet , with a voice that has a low tone , will easily stop your dog from barking .
Once they do stop , you can reward them by telling them good in a higher tone and by giving them a treat .
However , you need to do this instantly after they stop so they understand what the reward is for .
Anti bark collars .
If your dog instinctively keeps barking at everything , then you can get a collar for extra training .
When the dog barks , a stimulus or scent is set off which causes slight discomfort for the dog .
If you are n't around and your dog starts barking , it will immediately stop them .
Know when to train .
You want to make sure you do n't leave your dog in a position where they can't express themselves .
Even if you have neighbors who do n't like the dog barking , there are certain times where they should be able to speak .
Knowing when to apply commands and training and when to let them bark helps them to feel comfortable while allowing you to apply limitations .
The ability to offer the best dog training is one that is reliant on consistency and understanding your dog .
If you have a pet that naturally wants to bark , then finding a way to monitor the behavior is the best step to take .
Following these dog training tips can help you to establish better behavior with your dog while allowing them to express themselves at the right time .
Before You Spend MORE Money On Expensive Dog Trainers or Products ,
Watch This Video First !
https://bitly.im/qlmOa
Discover the powerful dog training secrets to eliminate over 30 + common behavioral dog and puppy issues with step - by - step instructions from one of the world 's most skilled dog trainers !
A new study has made headlines around the world that claim that internet use is linked to depression despite better evidence from previous studies that there is no substantial link .
The study itself is a fairly straightforward online survey with the key finding that out of 1,319 people who completed the questionnaires , 18 were identified as ‘ addicted ’ by Kimberly Young ’s Internet Addiction Questionnaire and these people were more likely to score highly on the BDI – a standard questionnaire to measure depression .
The study itself was well conducted although it is not a surprising finding because Young ’s Internet Addiction Questionnaire ( which you can read online here ) asks lots of questions about emotional distress , so it ’s hardly surprising that people who say they ’re distressed on one questionnaire will say they ’re distressed on the other .
I have criticised the concept of internet addiction on the basis that the whole concept does n’t make sense , but research has also shown that these ‘ diagnostic ’ questionnaires are not particularly reliable , meaning they not a good guide even to what they claim they ’re doing .
But perhaps the most important point , is that this study is just one in a long line of studies that have looked at whether internet use is linked to changes in mood .
Recently , a type of study called a meta - analysis was published that looked at all of these previous studies to see what the overall effect was – in essence , a mathematical aggregation of all the reported findings to get at the big picture .
This meta - analysis found that there was a statistically reliable link between internet use and depression , but one so small as to be insignificant .
In fact , it found that internet was responsible for between 0.02 % and 0.03 % of total changes in mood ( stats geeks : the variance was not reported directly but I calculated it from the r by the coefficient of determination ) .
In other words , internet use explains so little of a person ’s depression that it ’s irrelevant .
It ’s like knowing that hypothermia is a serious medical condition and that drinking a glass of water reliably lowers body temperature , but by such a small amount as to be medically unimportant .
Interestingly , I am quoted in some of the news stories about the study .
Actually , I was contacted by a BBC journalist and some other stories have seemingly just nicked the quotes ( often wrongly describing me as a psychiatrist ) .
What ’s curious is that I sent the BBC journalist a link to the meta - analysis , even explained what it found and what a meta - analysis is , and included comments about why the study does n’t change the general conclusion .
Instead of focusing on the existing evidence , I am quoted as being a naysayer .
I have not been misquoted but the most important scientific point is omitted at the expense of presenting my words .
This seems to be a common pattern where news stories often privilege opinion over data , when science privileges data over opinion .
In fact , the motto of the Royal Society , the world ’s oldest scientific society , translates as “ on the words on no - one ” , but news stories often turn the hierarchy of evidence on its head , giving a skewed impression of the most fundamental way in which science works .
In this case , to suggest that science has established that internet use is strongly linked to depression when we know that it is n’t .
Link to PubMed entry for latest study .
Link to PubMed entry for meta-analysis .
KABUL ( Reuters ) – Afghanistan confirmed for the first time publicly on Tuesday that it had enacted into law a blanket pardon for war crimes and human rights abuse carried out before 2001 .
Human rights groups have expressed dismay that the law appeared to have been enacted quietly , granting blanket immunity to members of all armed factions for acts committed during decades of war before the fall of the Taliban .
ADVERTISEMENT
President Hamid Karzai had promised not to sign the National Stability and Reconciliation Law , when it was passed by parliament in 2007 .
Human rights groups say they learned only this year that the bill had been published in the official gazette , making it law .
Karzai ’s spokesman , Waheed Omer , said on Tuesday that the bill had become law because it was passed by two - thirds of the parliament and therefore did not require Karzai ’s signature .
Parliament is made up largely of lawmakers from former armed groups , some accused by rights groups and ordinary Afghans of war crimes .
“ This law was passed with a two - thirds majority in our parliament , and according to our constitution , when a law is passed with a two - thirds majority , it does not require the president to sign it , ” Omer told a briefing .
ADVERTISEMENT
It was the first time the palace had confirmed that the measure had become law .
Brad Adams , Asia director for watchdog Human Rights Watch , said there was still mystery surrounding the process , and why it apparently took more than two years for news of the law ’s enactment to be made public .
“ This law is absolute disgrace .
It ’s a slap in the face to all the Afghans who suffered for years and years of war crimes and warlordism , ” Adams told Reuters .
ADVERTISEMENT
He called on the international community and the United States to apply pressure on Afghanistan to repeal the law .
“ The U.S. needs to decide whether they ’re with the victims or the perpetrators , and make their views known publicly , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
During Karzai ’s eight years in power , he has consistently included former commanders of armed factions in his government and inner circle , including many accused by the West of war crimes and other abuses .
Both of Karzai ’s two vice presidents are former leaders of armed groups whose factions squabbled for control of Kabul in the 1990s , when thousands of civilians were killed and hundreds of thousands fled their homes .
Supporters of the amnesty say prosecuting old allegations would risk restarting years of civil war .
But critics say providing a blanket pardon for former warlords allows them to retain their grip over the economy and public life .
Cross-posted at Eclectablog.com .
First there was this on my television screen :
Then my iPhone told me this :
And the sweetest , juiciest cherry on the top of it all was watching John Boehner beg .
SOMEWHERE in Perth 's central business district is a building containing the names , ages , addresses , photographs and unique fingerprint codes of thousands of revellers who danced and drank at Sydney 's Home nightclub last year .
Home , in Darling Harbour , began trialling a biometric ID scanning entry system nine months ago .
Patrons lined up before six large terminals to have their photo taken , and their driver 's licence and right index fingerprint scanned .
The information was copied and sent to Western Australia , where it is stored on a secured central database by the system developers .
Patrons at Minskys Hotel Cremorne have their ID 's scanned and photographs taken .
While Home is the only NSW venue to use fingerprint technology at present - there are 13 nationwide - various forms of ID scanning are being quietly rolled out at other nightspots .
Among them is Hotel Cremorne on the lower north shore .
Since November the nightclub has required guests to submit to a photograph and ID scan as they line up on the street to enter on Thursday , Friday and Saturday nights .
Convert Microsoft Word to Plain Text
This is a repost of an entry from 2004 .
This Word - cleaning functionality is showing up in more and more web editors , but people might still find this useful .
Most of the time when I ’m writing content for the web ( for this blog , or a forum comment , or whatever ) , I ’ll write in Microsoft Word for the spell check and other features that are n’t in a standard textarea widget , and then I ’ll cut and paste into the form on the site .
The problem is that this carries all of the high characters ( “ smart - quotes ” and the like ) that MS Word makes straight through to the site — and most sites are n’t set up to handle them .
They expect plain ( “ Latin ” ) text .
A solution : this script converts text copied from MS word into plain text .
Paste your input into the top box , press clean , and the input will be scrubbed and sent to the lower box .
( If you want to clean up Word HTML , rather than just create plain text , I suggest that you use HTML Tidy with the “ clean ” and “ Word 2000 ” boxes checked . )
• “ Double Quotes ” , • ‘ Single quotes ’ , • Ellipsis … , • em-dash —
Clean
Thought all multitouch - capable displays were created equal ?
Think again -- Android and Me has posted a rather fascinating ( if not somewhat depressing ) video showing a demo multitouch app created by a game developer who'd grown suspicious after running into all sorts of trouble getting the feature to work the way he wanted on the Nexus One .
First up , the Droid handles the demo with aplomb -- two thumbs are recognized smoothly and consistently .
Next , though , the Nexus One gets confused after a while and starts registering presses at the wrong corners of the on - screen box formed by the placement of the thumbs .
There 's always hope that this could be fixed with a firmware bump , but that hope looks to be in jeopardy from language posted by a Google engineer in the official Android dev forums : " ... this is how the touch screen hardware on the Nexus One works ( which is essentially the same screen as on the G1 and myTouch ) .
The Droid has a sensor from a different manufacturer , with different behavior .
Other phones will likewise have different sensors . "
In other words , Google seems to think that HTC 's just using a lower - quality sensor than Motorola is .
That 's good news for Droid owners , we suppose -- but with game development on Android still something of a non-starter , hardware issues like this keep fragmenting the user base and preventing big - name developers from jumping in and betting on the platform .
Follow the break for video proof of the wackiness .
Oscar officials are facing criticism over failing to include Farrah Fawcett in a list of movie industry personalities who died in 2009 .
Veteran film critic Roger Ebert was among the first to note the omission , calling her absence in the annual tribute a “ major fail ” in a Twitter posting .
“ They ( Oscar officials ) have a whole lot of ’ splaining to do , ” Ebert noted subsequently .
Actor Jane Fonda also expressed outrage .
“ Where was Farrah Fawcett ?
She should have been included ? ” Fonda wrote on Twitter.com .
Fawcett died last June at the age of 62 after a long battle with cancer , the same day as singer Michael Jackson , who was included in the tribute despite his relative lack of film experience .
Fawcett appeared in a small number of feature films but also received four Emmy nominations , the first for her portrayal of a battered woman who kills her husband in The Burning Bed .
She also achieved iconic status as a result of her role on the television series Charlie ’s Angels , with a pin-up poster that became a major best - seller .
The absence of Fawcett and sitcom and stage star Bea Arthur in the tribute was also noted by The Huffington Post .
RIYADH , Saudi Arabia —
Ashwaq ’s father had heard the scary stories about men using the internet to seduce young , impressionable girls .
So when his three daughters asked permission to go online , the answer was an emphatic " no . "
But the girls persisted and he eventually relented — a bit .
They each could spend a half hour a day browsing the web .
With time , however , rationing fell by the wayside and although Dad is still not happy about it , his daughters now use the internet pretty much when they want , said Ashwaq , 23 .
And for this self - described “ internet addict , ” that has been all to the good .
Ashwaq , who asked that her surname not be used so she could speak frankly , said that web access has given her “ a window to the outside world , ” brought her “ a lot of cyber - friends , ” and “ changed my personality . ”
A few years ago , she was so “ anti- social ” that she would not have returned a reporter ’s phone call , she said .
And because of what she ’s learned online , including about religion , she ’s become more open - minded .
“ When you grow up in a place with strict rules , you become intolerant of things outside Saudi Arabia , ” said the optometrist - in - training .
“ I ’ve changed in that way . ”
The internet of course has expanded everyone ’s horizons .
But for Saudi women , it has been a critical boon , providing a virtual leap over the many restrictions they face and connecting them as never before to the outside world .
Most Saudi women cannot work , travel or attend school without permission from their husbands or fathers .
They are forbidden to drive .
Women generally do not participate in sports and the few public libraries that exist are open for women only a few hours a week .
Socializing takes place mostly within extended families because of the country ’s strict gender segregation .
It is no wonder then that Saudi women moved into cyberspace at a much faster clip than men .
“ In the old days of 2005 , ” recalled Ahmed Al Omran , who blogs at www.saudijeans.org, “ there were four girls for every guy ” in the home - grown Saudi blogosphere .
That imbalance disappeared as more Saudi men began blogging .
But even now women make up 46 percent of Saudi ’s blogging community , a higher percentage than most other countries , according to “ Mapping the Arabic Blogosphere : Politics , Culture , and Dissent , ” a 2009 study by Harvard University ’s Berkman Center for Internet and Society .
In a country where about one - third of the population regularly goes online , the internet gives women “ a place to vent out our frustrations and our dreams , ” said Reem Asaad , 37 , a professor of banking and finance in the Saudi port city of Jeddah who blogs at reemasaad.blogspot.com .
It also has allowed women who normally are “ physically invisible ” to participate more actively in Saudi society , Asaad added .
“ From the authorities ’ viewpoint , ” she explained , “ so long as women are behind a curtain , or a screen , and so long as they are not before a camera or walking down the street , then everything is fine .
Women are free to do anything they want as as long as they are n’t seen , heard or spotted doing it by men . ”
Women whose families do not allow them to attend university can take online courses at home .
And women starting a business or mobilizing their sisters around a cause have found the internet a vital tool .
Last year , for example , Asaad launched what she calls “ a consumer protection campaign ” to force lingerie stores to replace their male clerks with female salespersons .
“ I started it online , ” she said .
“ It was cheaper .
And it was faster to get to [ a ] large population . ”
Asaad recalled that when the internet first appeared in the kingdom , people “ had to dial up to U.S. to be able to enter chat rooms ” on AOL .
Back then , she added , most people hid their personal details .
Nowadays , Saudis are all over Facebook talking about their daily lives and sharing photos with friends .
It ’s a sign , she added , that “ women are becoming more proud of who they are … .
You are able to reveal your true identity . ”
Social networking sites , email and instant chat have eroded the barricade between the sexes erected by Saudi Arabia ’s gender - segregated society .
In a 2008 story about young people ’s use of the internet , Arab News reporter Najah Al Osaimi wrote that “ boys interviewed for this story said that finding girls using web cameras is one of the few ways for them to interact with ” the opposite sex .
For some Saudi clerics , this internet socializing is another depravity from the West that is “ corrupting ” young people .
As one preacher put it , “ Facebook is the door to lust . ”
But Asaad believes that by facilitating contact between young men and women , the internet is helping them to have more relaxed , normal interactions with the opposite sex .
“ It is opening doors for healthy relations by helping them go from under - the - table relationships to public relationships , ” she said .
Still , many Saudi women remain very cautious online .
A recent survey by students at one Saudi university found that 68 percent of women with Facebook accounts do not use their full name , and 16 percent used aliases , according to the newspaper Asharq al Awsat .
Also , only a minority of Saudi women — 5 percent according to the study — post their picture on their personal page .
Instead , they put up a close shot of their hands , or their eyes .
Ashwaq ’s Facebook page , for example , has a photo of items on her desk , including a Post - It pad with a note saying , “ I ’m a tired optometrist . ”
By contrast , 60 percent of Saudi boys on Facebook use their full real name and upload their picture , the study found .
This female reticence reflects the strong Saudi sentiment that women should not allow themselves to be seen by the public at random , and that doing so can hurt their family ’s image .
Omran , the blogger , related how one female counterpart decided to stop blogging after she realized that her strong opinions critical of Saudi society could embarrass her family .
Her blogging “ put her in a place where fingers would start being pointed at her … and she did n’t want to compromise her family ’s image , ” he said .
Still , even passive browsing of the internet can be enlightening .
University student Juhaina Aljehni said that she goes online every morning to “ check out some well - known forums for the latest news or trends in Saudi . ”
Reading the posts and comments from other Saudis at those sites , she said , has given her “ a pretty good idea about social issues . ”
It also has led her to this conclusion : “ I found out that men have the upper hand and that a lot of women 's lives revolve around men . ”
sameAs.org is a great service on a number of different levels .
It provides a much needed piece of Semantic Web infrastructure and it achieves that through a simple clean interface and API .
You do n’t even need to know anything about RDF to get value from the service .
In short it ’s one of those nice web services that do one thing and do it really well .
I use the service as a frequent example in my talks and training sessions on Linked Data .
For example , while it ’s useful to review techniques for linking together datasets , in practice you can achieve a lot by simply doing a series of look - ups against sameAs.org .
I ’ve had some happy experiences of discovering connections between datasets without having to do any manual linking .
More than a few times recently I ’ve been thinking that it would be useful to repeat what Hugh Glaser and Ian Millard achieved with sameAs.org , but for a number of other common RDF predicates .
In my opinion there are a small number of general predicates that will act as the backbone for the web of data .
At the head of the predicate long tail we ’ll find properties like : owl : sameAs , but also useful properties like dc:subject , foaf : knows and foaf : primaryTopic .
The topic based predicates ( dc:subject , foaf : primaryTopic , foaf : topic , et al ) are particularly useful for discovering documents and material that relate to a specific resource .
An index of these would be extremely useful for inter-linking between content from different news and media organisations for example .
I ’d envisage that “ topicOf.org ” might index a range of different topic related predicates and expose some useful discovery tools , relations and equivalencies .
Dan Brickley has a nice diagram that shows how these different predicates inter-relate .
“ topicOf ” is currently top of my list of these predicate based services .
But the same approach would work in other contexts .
For example a service that indexed foaf : knows would be useful for social networking applications .
But I think that this area is already well - served by existing services already .
But what about :
“ reviewsOf.org ” — find reviews about a specific resource .
I believe Tom Heath has thought about doing something like with for Revyu
“ depictionsOf.org ” — find pictures of a specific resource ( foaf : depiction ) , e.g. person , place or thing ( and reliably , not like the Flickr Wrapper )
) , e.g. person , place or thing ( and reliably , not like the Flickr Wrapper ) “ madeBy.org ” > — find documents , photos , or other resources that were made by a particular person ( dc:creator , foaf : maker )
I can think of all sorts of useful purposes for these services .
I also think that they could offer additional ways of engaging with the broader developer community and getting them to buy into the Linked Data vision .
Anyone want to have a crack at implementing some of these ?
As if a big , bold " HTC DISAGREES WITH APPLE'S ACTIONS " does n't sum things up , HTC has taken the chance to remark that they will fully defend themselves and to remind us of their history of innovation .
Here 's what they wrote :
HTC DISAGREES WITH APPLE'S ACTIONS
Seattle – March 17 , 2010 – HTC Corporation today outlined its disagreement with Apple 's legal actions and reiterated its commitment to creating a portfolio of innovative smartphones that gives consumers a variety of choices .
Founded in 1997 with a passion for innovation and a vision for how smartphones would change people 's lives , HTC has continually driven this vision by consistently introducing award - winning smartphones with U.S. mobile operators .
" HTC disagrees with Apple 's actions and will fully defend itself .
HTC strongly advocates intellectual property protection and will continue to respect other innovators and their technologies as we have always done , but we will continue to embrace competition through our own innovation as a healthy way for consumers to get the best mobile experience possible , " said Peter Chou , chief executive officer , HTC Corporation .
" From day one , HTC has focused on creating cutting - edge innovations that deliver unique value for people looking for a smartphone .
In 1999 we started designing the XDA
The O2 XDA by HTC was the first 3.5 - inch color touch screen smartphone in the world in 2002 .
and T - Mobile Pocket PC Phone Edition
The T - Mobile Pocket PC Phone Edition by HTC was the first 3.5 - inch color touch screen smartphone in the United States in 2002 . , our first touch - screen smartphones , and they both shipped in 2002 with more than 50 additional HTC smartphone models shipping since then . "
The industry has recognized HTC 's contributions through a variety of awards including Fast Company 's 2010 Top 50 Most Innovative Companies and MIT Technology Review 's 2010 50 Most Innovative Companies .
The GSMA also recently awarded the HTC Hero as the " Best Phone of 2009 . "
Some of HTC 's technology firsts include :
First Windows PDA ( 1998 )
First Windows Phone ( June 2002 )
First 3G CDMA EVDO smartphone ( October 2005 )
First gesture - based smartphone ( June 2007 )
First Google Android smartphone ( October 2008 )
First 4G WIMAX smartphone ( November 2008 )
In 2009 , HTC launched its branded user experience , HTC Sense .
HTC
Sense is focused on putting people at the center by making phones work in a more simple and natural way .
This experience was fundamentally based on listening and observing how people live and communicate .
" HTC has always taken a partnership - oriented , collaborative approach to business .
This has led to long - standing strategic partnerships with the top software , Internet and wireless technology companies in the industry as well as the top U.S. , European and Asian mobile operators , " said Jason Mackenzie , vice president of HTC America .
" It is through these relationships that we have been able to deliver the world 's most diverse series of smartphones to an even more diverse group of people around the world , recognizing that customers have very different needs . "
For more information on HTC 's history of innovation , please visit : www.htc.com/history.
There are a few ways to travel long - distance by bike , and none of them is cheap ( unless you actually ride the bike ) .
To take your ride on a plane you either need to pay expensive extra fees for bike carriage , buy a folding bicycle , opt for the excellent but pricy S&S system ( essentially a frame that breaks apart for easy packing ) or now , buy the $ 600 Helium case from Biknd .
The Helium is designed to protect your bike and pack it up as small as possible .
You 'll need to strip the bicycle down pretty radically to make it fit , removing not only the wheels but the seat , pedals and handlebar .
Once done , it all fits snugly into the tough , flexible nylon and polyester case , cosseted by plastic hub covers , a Cordura nylon crank and chain - stay cover and fork protectors .
As this will add 9.5 Kg ( 21 - pounds ) to the weight of your bike , you may be wondering why it is called the Helium .
There is some gas involved : air .
Once packed , you hook the foot - pump up to the case and inflate it .
This provides extra protection whilst adding negligible weight .
There 's enough room inside for a 64 cm road frame ( that 's pretty big ) or a full - suspension road bike .
There 's even a a pair of wheels for rolling this up to check - in .
Just remember to pack a tool kit so you can put it back together .
I 'm planning on moving to Berlin for a couple months this summer , and I 'll be taking a bike with me .
I 'm not dropping $ 600 on a case , so I 'd like some suggestions for flying .
The bike is a beater , a track - framed fixed - gear , so stripping it and re-building is easy .
Answers in the comments , please .
Helium Bike Case [ Biknd via Oh Gizmo ! ]
Today , my boyfriend proposed to me in a really really romantic way .
After we called our parents to tell them the news , he turned to me and said , " Hey , I hope you know this does n't mean you can start getting lazy with your blowjobs . "
FML
Martin -- who has dodged questions of his sexuality for years -- just posted the following message on his official website :
" I am proud to say that I am a fortunate homosexual man .
I am very blessed to be who I am . "
Martin says the birth of his twin sons led to his decision to come out -- and according to the singer , " To keep living as I did up until today would be to indirectly diminish the glow that my kids where [ sic ] born with . "
The truth is that many people did know before the invasion of Iraq , or wisely suspect , that the White House and Pentagon were telling us things that could not be proven and which turned out to be complete fabrications .
I know , because I was one of them .
We were right .
We were 100 % right .
Do n't let anyone ever rob you of that ; we were right ; and they were wrong .
Who stood on the high ground then , and stands on it now ?
Never believe the lie that support for this misbegotten war was virtually universal before the invasion .
It is a lie that " Everyone believed Saddam Hussein had WMD that made him a threat to the United States . "
Because there was no " worldwide consensus " that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction and that an unprovoked invasion of that country was justified ... in fact the leaders of three nations spoke up and said so , Jean Chrétien of Canada , Jacques Chirac of France , and Gerhard Schröder of Germany , all of who were 100 % right to do so .
Here 's what actually and factually happened :
After the tragedy of 9/11 , claiming " national security " as the reason , President George W. Bush concentrated power in his office .
He broke both domestic and international laws , invented reasons for invading Iraq and a totally imaginary threat from that tiny defenseless country , he renamed prisoners " enemy combatants " to deprive them of the protections of the Geneva Conventions ; condoned the torture and secret prisons around the world into which men who were never charged with a crime , and of whose " guilt " no evidence was ever produced , disappeared .
That 's what happened .
And Karl Rove is a serial liar .
I 'm not concerned about Karl Rove , though , and you should n't be either .
The choice is each of ours , personally , individually , to make .
It 's always a personal choice .
I respect what Barnes & Noble is doing with this multi-reader ebook strategy , and I 'm glad Samsung 's finally been brought in from the cold , into the warm presence of a real ebook collection , but $ 300 for this thing ?
Really ?
UPDATED
Advertisement
A six - inch - screened device with a sliding keypad , the Samsung E6's biggest draw is probably its stylus , which allows for full , paper - style annotation and notetaking .
But the dual - display Nook , which itself is considered one of the pricier e-readers , costs less , and has 3G — a price and feature gap that 'll stare every potential E4 buyer right in the face .
UPDATED : The price is actually $ 300 ; dropped from the original official price of $ 400 .
And :
Barnes & Noble will provide the eCommerce storefront for Samsung 's device .
Samsung 's customers will have access to Barnes & Noble 's eBookstore .
There was no announcement that noted Barnes & Noble retail distribution .
Advertisement
The Samsung E6 will arrive , awkwardly , in Spring .
[ MarketWatch ]
Society
Teacher admits using syringe to prick 63 kids ( Xinhua )
Updated : 2010-03-05 16:11
KUNMING - A kindergarten teacher admitted Thursday pricking 63 " disobedient " children in her class with an empty syringe in court in southwest China 's Yunnan Province .
Sun Qiqi stands trial at the Jianshui County People 's Court in Jianshui , southwest China 's Yunnan province on March 4 , 2010 .
[ Photo / xinmin.cn ]
The trial of Sun Qiqi , a teacher with the Xihu Nursery , was held at the Jianshui County People 's Court .
Sun was charged with endangering public security by dangerous methods , according to a court statement .
No verdict was given Thursday .
Sun confessed to pricking 63 children on their hands , buttocks and feet with an empty syringe to make them " behave . "
" As a medical graduate , she should have known her acts could cause the spread of infections , " said the statement .
In a health checkup conducted by the local health authorities , all the victims tested negative for hepatitis B , hepatitis C and HIV .
An expert report said Sun suffered from a personality disorder , but she should take responsibility for her actions .
The parents of the children have demanded Sun pay 1.8 million yuan ( $ 264,000 ) in compensation .
When states tried to fix their individual health insurance markets — the marketplace for those who do n't get insurance through their employers — the initial idea was to simply prohibit insurers from discriminating against individuals with preexisting conditions .
But that caused what insurers called a " death spiral " — ever higher premiums as relatively healthy people decided to wait until they were sick to buy insurance , leaving smaller and smaller pools of more and more expensive individuals .
The solution to this problem , both in Massachusetts and in ObamaCare , was the individual mandate : Force everyone to pay in , bringing balance to the insurance pool and keeping prices down .
Of course , that only works if everyone is actually compelled to purchase insurance .
And a report by the Joint Committee on Taxation last week seems to indicate that , as written , the individual mandate may not have any teeth .
Here 's the relevant passage :
The penalty [ for not purchasing insurance ] applies to any period the individual does not maintain minimum essential coverage and is determined monthly .
The penalty is assessed through the Code and accounted for as an additional amount of Federal tax owed .
However , it is not subject to the enforcement provisions of subtitle F of the Code .
The use of liens and seizures otherwise authorized for collection of taxes does not apply to the collection of this penalty .
Non-compliance with the personal responsibility requirement to have health coverage is not subject to criminal or civil penalties under the Code and interest does not accrue for failure to pay such assessments in a timely manner .
And the footnote on Code F :
IRS authority to assess and collect taxes is generally provided in subtitle F , " Procedure and Administration " in the Code .
That subtitle establishes the rules governing both how taxpayers are required to report information to the IRS and pay their taxes as well as their rights .
It also establishes the duties and authority of the IRS to enforce the Code , including civil and criminal penalties .
So there are penalties for not purchasing insurance .
But there 's no serious enforcement mechanism allowing the IRS to make sure those penalties get paid ?
Given the importance of the mandate to the health reform project , this does n't make much sense .
The law was designed to expand the number of individuals with health insurance .
But without the ability to enforce the individual mandate , any expansion will likely be significantly smaller than projected .
Now , there is plenty of time to amend the enforcement provisions before the mandate kicks in in 2014 .
But if this is true , and it remains true , it could upend the entire health reform project .
I took a look at problems with the individual mandate here .
Jacob Sullum wrote about challenges to the individual mandate here .
Thanks to Daniel Foster and Morgen Richmond for calling attention to the JCT report .
Shitter Island – Mark Ruffalo and Leonardo DiCrapio team up as a pair of U.S. Marshals who travel to a secluded island off the coast of Massachusetts to search for the perfect place to drop a deuce , uncovering a web of deception along the way as they battle the calls of nature and a prison riot in this Martin Scorsese - helmed poo picture .
From the Church Avenue - bound platform at Metropolitan Avenue .
Photo by Miss Heather of NewYorkShitty .
Check out NewYorkShitty.com for lots more funny New York photos !
BDSM
Together Or Separate
Love
intimacy
sex
at a particular moment
Sex
Belief System
poly
polyamorous
Love Meaning Intimacy
When people talk about love , they are often referring to intimacy .
They allude to the connection felt with another ( usually a romantic interlude ) during a romantic moment .
Often , this involves sex .
This is where most feel they experience love .
The truth is that they were being intimate .
This is a deep connection with another person felt at a particular time .
Of course , there are many times we are intimate with people without being sexual .
There are a few friends I have with whom I had deep , intimate moments with over the years without anything physical occurring .
The complete and honest sharing created a level of intimacy between the two of us .
Sometimes , I found these situations to be more emotionally charged than my romantic relationships .
That is how powerful these moments can be .
Now , the question arises , did I love these people ?
The answer is yes .
However , my love exists even when I am not with them .
The same is true for a romantic relationship .
A husband loves his wife even when they are not in the presence of each other .
However , intimacy is experienced in the presence of another .
It is an outpouring of the love between the two of you .
To me , it is the intimacy of a relationship that really gets the juices flowing .
Where Does Sex Fit It ?
This depends upon one 's belief system and how he or she is conditioned to believe .
Since , I feel that most people are unaware what they are experiencing , I think their beliefs are irrelevant anyway .
Since few take the time to look in themselves , I believe they are blind to what occurs within them .
Sex is an individualistic activity .
The meaning that we apply to it varies from person - to - person .
Actually , many times , a person will alter how he or she feels about sex .
For example , a pornstar might feel intimacy and love when having sex with a spouse but being physical when on set .
Personally , sex is not when I really feel intimacy .
Again , it is a physical act .
What occurs afterwards in terms of the aftermath is where I feel intimacy .
Many are conditioned to believe that sex cannot occur without the intimacy and love .
This is a belief that is not only wrong , it is impractical .
Let us use the confines of marriage as an example .
Does the sex within this institution always involved intimacy ?
Of course not .
There are times when she gives in only to appease him .
She is counting down the minutes , hoping he finishes soon .
The act is nothing more than a physical way to get release .
Yet this woman still loves her husband and does feel the intimacy with him at other times .
However , it is impractical to think it will happen all the time .
Alternative Lifestyles
Alternative lifestyles exist because people looked that the ideals society espouses and consciously determines that something different is needed .
We all do not fit into the same mode .
Looking at our views on love , intimacy , and sex , we realize that much negotiation is needed with ourselves and others .
Whenever we are entering into a primary relationship , we need to consider how the other person feels about these things .
Living life as we see fit is our personal responsibility .
I am one who is involved in a multitude of alternative lifestyles simultaneously .
This means that I often encounter people who look at things differently than I do .
There are so many who are open to some of what I am involved in but then flee when they find out the entire truth .
This is the nature of my reality but a course that is right for me .
I know that I have plenty of love in my life while sharing intimate moments with those who are not sexual partners .
Also , sex is something that can make me closer to a person or an act that is for enjoyment and release .
I do not feel the need to always place a great deal of importance on it .
Finally , my BDSM lifestyle sees me as a poly person .
I believe in the unending nature of love .
For that reason , I know that it is possible to have more than one .
For this reason , I consider my polyamorous .
I have experienced both " V " and " triad " situations .
Nevertheless , conforming to one certain idea does not work for me .
I seek fulfillment in many different relationships all of which add to my life .
This might be contrary to society 's views , but then again , it believes that one only experiences love , intimacy , and sex with the same person .
This is a belief that I can not buy into .
I only hope you take the time to question your outlook in this area .
This depends upon one 's belief system and how he or she is conditioned to believe .
Since , I feel that most people are unaware what they are experiencing , I think their beliefs are irrelevant anyway .
Since few take the time to look in themselves , I believe they are blind to what occurs within them .
Sex is an individualistic activity .
The meaning that we apply to it varies from person - to - person .
Actually , many times , a person will alter how he or she feels about sex .
For example , a pornstar might feel intimacy and love when having sex with a spouse but being physical when on set .
Personally , sex is not when I really feel intimacy .
Again , it is a physical act .
What occurs afterwards in terms of the aftermath is where I feel intimacy .
Many are conditioned to believe that sex cannot occur without the intimacy and love .
This is a belief that is not only wrong , it is impractical .
Let us use the confines of marriage as an example .
Does the sex within this institution always involved intimacy ?
Of course not .
There are times when she gives in only to appease him .
She is counting down the minutes , hoping he finishes soon .
The act is nothing more than a physical way to get release .
Yet this woman still loves her husband and does feel the intimacy with him at other times .
However , it is impractical to think it will happen all the time .
When people talk about love , they are often referring to intimacy .
They allude to the connection felt with another ( usually a romantic interlude ) during a romantic moment .
Often , this involves sex .
This is where most feel they experience love .
The truth is that they were being intimate .
This is a deep connection with another person felt at a particular time .
Of course , there are many times we are intimate with people without being sexual .
There are a few friends I have with whom I had deep , intimate moments with over the years without anything physical occurring .
The complete and honest sharing created a level of intimacy between the two of us .
Sometimes , I found these situations to be more emotionally charged than my romantic relationships .
That is how powerful these moments can be .
Now , the question arises , did I love these people ?
The answer is yes .
However , my love exists even when I am not with them .
The same is true for a romantic relationship .
A husband loves his wife even when they are not in the presence of each other .
However , intimacy is experienced in the presence of another .
It is an outpouring of the love between the two of you .
To me , it is the intimacy of a relationship that really gets the juices flowing .
Click
for your version of An Owned Life .
Click
Be sure to check out our new FREE social networking site An Owned Life Community .
This is not really a post that is isolated to thecommunity .
In fact , it is something that I am sharing that pertains more to the poly community .
However , since many within this lifestyle find themselves faced with similar circumstances , I feel it beneficial for all . , andare three parts that exist within a relationship .
We can experience any variety within a relationship or none at all .
What is present is up to the individual and can actually differ between the two people .
None are contingent upon any of the others although people will often claim they are .
In the end , it all comes down to individual beliefs .
Love is a feeling that we have for another person .
People will claim it comes in many different forms but I believe love is simply wanting the best for another without anything in return .
True love is the accepting of a person exactly how they are .
It is present regardless of the circumstances and comes without strings .
This is something that one gives freely without being earned ; it is unending .
Intimacy is the connection between two people .
Unlike love , which is unending , intimacy is a closeness in time that comes from complete sharing with another .
There could be a physical dimension to the experience although that is not always true .is a physical act between two people .
That is it .
In and of itself , it is nothing more .
At the most basic level , it is the method we use to reproduce our species .
Man , unlike other members of the Animal Kingdom , also engage in this activity for pleasure .
One derives physical satisfaction from having sex ( or at least really good sex ) .
Our beliefs come into play in what we experience .
Many seek to fulfill their needs by looking for these in a primary relationship .
What they fail to realize is that they are available in many different relationships .
When we mention the word " love " , most simply jump to the idea of a primary relationship .
Certainly , love is a component of this relationship .
However , there are many different people that we love .
We have parents , children , aunts , uncles , and close friends .
These are all individuals that we love unconditionally .
This is where the disagreement comes in regarding .
Society wants to promote the idea of a monogamous relationship .
However , as you can see , when it comes to love , everyone is poly .
Of course , society answers by stating that romantic love is different .
To me , this is an absurd idea .
How can anyone place a cap on love ?
Is there only a certain amount you have for your spouse ?
If you run out , is it time for a divorce ?
I do not think so .
Theworld uses the analogy of loving a child .
If a parent loves his or her child completely , is that love diminished if another child is born ?
Does the first child have to share the love with the new sibling ?
Is the total love divided up equally between the two children ?
Any parent with multiple children knows this is not true .
There is an unlimited amount of love to share with the children .
We see the same idea apply to those who are poly .
They have an unlimited amount of love to share with their partners .
Adding a second lover does not diminish the love for the first .
What is diminished is the time one is able to spend with each person .
This is because time is a finite commodity .
Love is not .
But then again , add a second child and the time factor is present there also .
Nevertheless , when it comes to our belief system , most of us were taught that " romantic " love is finite and designed to be shared with only one person .
I challenge anyone to show me how love changes .
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
Smile , credit cardholders .
A decision Tuesday by the Federal Reserve means that , barring a big mistake on your part , your credit card ’s interest rate wo n’t be increasing anytime soon .
In its first announcement since the landmark Credit CARD
Act took effect in February , the central bank voted to leave the federal funds rate at a range of 0 percent to 0.25 percent , keeping the prime rate at 3.25 percent .
Since the new law limits banks ’ ability to suddenly raise credit card interest rates , borrowers with variable rate cards — which account for the majority of plastic — should n’t see their annual percentage rates ( APRs ) increase until the Fed boosts its key lending rate .
Before then , only a big credit mistake , such as being 60 days late with a card payment , can trigger a change to your cards ’ current APR without the issuer first giving you 45 days ’ notice .
When the Fed finally does raise rates — which last happened in July 2006 — millions of U.S. cardholders will be impacted .
That ’s because in recent months , many issuers have switched their cards from fixed rates to variable rates , which are tied to the prime rate .
Since it ’s tied to the fed funds rate , the prime rate moves up and down as the central bank adjusts its key lending rate .
“ We do expect credit card interest rates to rise once the Fed begins to increase the funds rate , ” says Sean Maher , an associate economist with Moody ’s Economy.com .
“ The recent implementation of the CARD Act will restrain the increase in credit card rates , but once the Fed begins to tighten , interest rates will increase across the board , including credit cards . ”
At its most recent peak in 2006 , the prime rate was 8.25 percent , 5 percentage points higher than it stands now .
Searching for clues
When will rates begin rising ?
With no change in the Fed ’s stance on interest rates , analysts focused on what the central bank said and how its members voted .
Those words and votes become a clue as to how monetary policy may unfold , since the Fed avoids explicit predictions about future rate decisions .
For example , analysts remain focused on the central bank ’s statement that rates may remain “ exceptionally low ” for an “ extended period , ” which one Fed president had said means rates wo n’t rise for at least six months .
It may take several meetings before the Federal Open Market Committee — the Fed ’s monetary policmaking arm — can come to an agreement .
For the second straight meeting , the only dissenting vote came from Kansas City Fed President Thomas M. Hoenig .
According to the Fed ’s statement , Hoenig said “ that continuing to express the expectation of exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period was no longer warranted because it could lead to the buildup of financial imbalances and increase risks to longer - run macroeconomic and financial stability . ”
Although other FOMC members may soon join Hoenig ’s camp , analysts do n’t expect an increase just yet .
“ Given the significantly weak labor market conditions and soft demand conditions in the economy , the Fed is likely to wait until they see some meaningful improvement in employment before they take any action , ” likely during the early part of 2011 , says Asha Bangalore , a vice president and economist at Northern Trust in Chicago .
Other analysts say a rate hike could come before the end of this year .
Bangalore also says the Fed does n’t want to make borrowing even more challenging .
“ There is a serious credit crunch under way , and until they see the credit machine working again , they are unlikely to take action , ” she says .
Although too much lending can lead to an overheated economy , a lack of it can stifle the economy ’s growth .
For the time being , economic weakness remains the Fed ’s main consideration :
The unemployment rate remained at 9.7 percent in February , with nearly 20 percent of Americans still considered to be underemployed — or working fewer hours than they ’d like — according to a Gallup poll taken in February .
Trouble for consumers can translate into weaker spending and hinder the growth of the economy as a whole .
Accentuating the positive
Still , the Fed sounded an optimistic tone in the first sentence of the statement accompanying its decision .
“ Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in January suggests that economic activity has continued to strengthen and that the labor market is stabilizing , ” the Fed said .
Nevertheless , the Fed recognizes that the labor market is still an issue .
“ Household spending is expanding at a moderate rate but remains constrained by high unemployment , modest income growth , lower housing wealth , and tight credit , ” the statement said .
With job woes likely to continue , the Fed said it continues to expect the health of the economy to require “ exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period . ”
Analysts say the Fed ’s approach to monetary policy makes sense .
“ With few inflationary pressures and a still - fragile recovery , we think this is appropriate , ” Maher says .
See related : Credit card reform law arrives , A comprehensive guide to the Credit CARD Act of 2009 , Variable interest rate cards replacing fixed rates
Carrie Fisher
AKA Carrie Frances Fisher
Born : 21 - Oct -1956
Birthplace : Los Angeles , CA
Died : 27 - Dec-2016
Location of death : Los Angeles , CA
Cause of death : Heart Attack
Gender : Female
Religion : Jewish
Race or Ethnicity : White
Sexual orientation : Straight
Occupation : Actor , Novelist
Party Affiliation : Democratic
Nationality : United States
Executive summary : Princess Leia in Star Wars
Carrie Fisher was born to celebrity superstar couple Eddie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds .
Her father deserted the family for Elizabeth Taylor when Fisher was a toddler , and all three women -- Reynolds , Taylor , and Fisher -- are now united in hatred of him .
Fisher believes her father has an undiagnosed bipolar disorder , and has said " The best thing Elizabeth Taylor did for me was getting Eddie Fisher out of our house " .
Fisher grew up surrounded by show business , and started smoking pot when she was hanging around with the gay dancers who worked for her mother .
She appeared in her mother 's stage show at age 12 .
At 16 , having dropped out of school to pursue acting , Fisher appeared on Broadway in Irene , with her mother and Ruth Warrick .
Fisher subsequently spent 18 months in London studying drama before coming to Hollywood .
In 1975 she made her film debut in Shampoo , as a nymphet with whom Warren Beatty has an affair , and two years later , at 19 , she became Princess Leia .
By this time Fisher was heavily alcohol - and drug - dependent .
She reportedly smoked marijuana openly between takes of the first Star Wars movie , and used heavier drugs on weekends .
She argued with writer - director George Lucas about her cinnamon - bun hairstyle ( hated it ) and joked that every day there should be an auction to see which crew member got to yank off the tape restraining her bosom under her flowing gown .
While the film made box office history , some critics were not kind to Fisher .
She remembers that one described her as " bovine " and said she had " the worst characteristics of both my parents " .
During the late 1970s and early 80s Fisher partied with the celebrity crowd , including her Blues Brothers co-stars Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi .
Throughout the filming of Under the Rainbow , with Chevy Chase and Billy Barty , she was stoned .
Friends noticed that as they grew older and began to give up their pot and pills , alcohol and acid , Fisher did not .
She filmed two Star Wars sequels , and the hair got better and the clothing nearly disappeared at one point , but Fisher 's behavior was out of control .
She had been in therapy since she was 15 , and at 24 was diagnosed as manic - depressive ( now referred to as bipolar ) .
She refused to believe it , but her massive intake of drugs , both illicit and licit , were " keeping the monster in the box " .
At 28 she woke up in the hospital , having her stomach pumped after overdosing on cocaine and painkillers .
She entered rehab , and spent the next year heavily involved in a twelve - step program .
She wrote about these experiences in her comic novel Postcards from the Edge , and followed that with a fictionalized account of her marriage to Paul Simon , Surrender the Pink .
When Postcards was to be filmed , Fisher wrote the screenplay , and the film , with Meryl Streep and Shirley MacLaine , was very well received .
Following the birth of her daughter in 1992 , Fisher wrote Delusions of Grandma .
Her daughter 's father was Hollywood agent Bryan Lourd , who ended up leaving Fisher for a man .
This plunged Fisher into a morbid depression , barely able to get out of bed .
In an effort to lift the depression a physician prescribed a number of drugs to which Fisher reacted badly : she collapsed and briefly stopped breathing .
She was told to take a " medication vacation " , and after six days without sleeping but with lots of hallucinations , Fisher had a complete psychotic break .
In the mental hospital , Fisher was riveted to CNN and believed that she was both murderer Andrew Cunanan and the police who were searching for him .
She had other delusions , but after some weeks in the hospital -- she is unsure how long -- she was able to go home and receive treatment on an outpatient basis .
Her prescriptions totalled over 20 pills taken daily .
She later had another manic jag when she went off her daytime meds , but her condition has since been kept under control .
Fisher has said that her writing helps her to stay focused and channel her manic energy onto paper , instead of all over the people around her .
Fisher made the headlines again in 2005 , when longtime friend and gay Republican campaign consultant R. Gregory Stevens died in her bed following a pre-Oscars party .
The autopsy showed that a combination of cocaine and pain medication had stopped his enlarged heart .
Fisher said she did not know he was under the influence of anything that evening .
After returning home from one hospital stay , Fisher threw a party for all her friends , featuring a cake shaped like Fisher in bed , complete with icing IV racks .
She keeps a sign posted in her front driveway that reads , " Beware of trains " , although there are no trains nearby .
Father : Eddie Fisher
Mother : Debbie Reynolds
Brother : Todd Fisher ( b. 24 - Feb -1958 , producer )
Father : Harry Karl ( stepfather , married Debbie Reynolds in 1960 )
Mother : Elizabeth Taylor ( stepmother , married Eddie Fisher 12 - May - 1959 )
Sister : Joely Fisher ( actress , half - sister , b. 29 - Oct - 1967 to Eddie Fisher and Connie Stevens )
Sister : Tricia Leigh Fisher ( actress , b. 26 - Dec - 1968 to Eddie Fisher and Connie Stevens )
Boyfriend : Harrison Ford ( actor , dated late 1970s )
Boyfriend : John Belushi ( actor , dated 1970s )
Boyfriend : Dan Aykroyd ( actor , dated 1970s )
Husband : Paul Simon ( singer , m. 16 - Aug - 1983 , div. Jul - 1984 )
Boyfriend : Bryan Lourd ( talent agent , together three years )
Daughter : Billie Catherine Lourd ( b. 17 - Jul - 1992 , with Lourd )
High School : Beverly Hills High School , Beverly Hills , CA
Conservatory : Central School of Speech and Drama , London
Endorsement of Jenny Craig ( 2010 -)
Drug Overdose 1984
Stomach Pumped
Miscarriage 1984
Shock Treatment
unknown detox facility Oct-1988
Heart Attack 23 - Dec - 2016 ( aboard London to Los Angeles flight )
Birthday : Elizabeth Taylor ( 1992 )
Alcoholics Anonymous
Hillary Rodham Clinton for US Senate Committee
Romanian Ancestry
Russian Ancestry
Risk Factors : Bipolar Disorder , Alcoholism , Smoking , Cocaine , Ecstasy , Heroin , LSD , Marijuana , Sleep Apnea
TELEVISION
Catastrophe Mia ( 2015 - 17 )
Celebrity Poker Showdown Contestant ( 2004 )
FILMOGRAPHY AS ACTOR
Star Wars : The Last Jedi ( 9 - Dec - 2017 )
Star Wars : The Force Awakens ( 14 - Dec - 2015 )
Maps to the Stars ( 19 - May - 2014 )
Sorority Row ( 9 - Sep - 2009 )
White Lightnin ' ( 9 - Jan-2009 )
The Women ( 12 - Sep-2008 )
Fanboys ( 31 - Jul - 2008 ) · Doctor
Cougar Club ( 19 - May - 2007 )
Ghost Writer ( 9 - Mar - 2007 )
Romancing the Bride ( 3 - Dec - 2005 )
Undiscovered ( 26 - Aug-2005 )
The Aristocrats ( Jan-2005 ) · Herself
Stateside ( 27 - Feb - 2004 ) · Mrs. Dubois
Wonderland ( 8 - Sep - 2003 ) · Sally Hansen
Charlie 's Angels : Full Throttle ( 18 - Jun - 2003 ) · Mother Superior
A Midsummer Night 's Rave ( 1 - Nov- 2002 )
Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back ( 24 - Aug - 2001 ) · Nun
Heartbreakers ( 23 - Mar - 2001 )
These Old Broads ( 12 - Feb - 2001 )
Lisa Picard Is Famous ( 14 - May - 2000 ) · Herself
Scream 3 ( 4 - Feb -2000 ) · Bianca
This Is My Life ( 21 - Feb - 1992 ) · Claudia Curtis
Soapdish ( 31 - May - 1991 ) · Betsy Faye Sharon
Drop Dead Fred ( 19 - Apr-1991 )
Sibling Rivalry ( 26 - Oct-1990 ) · Iris Turner - Hunter
Sweet Revenge ( 14 - May - 1990 )
When Harry Met Sally ( 12 - Jul - 1989 )
Loverboy ( 28 - Apr-1989 ) · Monica Delancy
The ' burbs ( 17 - Feb - 1989 )
Appointment with Death ( 15 - Apr - 1988 )
The Time Guardian ( 3 - Dec - 1987 )
Amazon Women on the Moon ( 18 - Sep - 1987 )
Sunday Drive ( 30 - Nov-1986 )
Hollywood Vice Squad ( 28 - Feb - 1986 )
Hannah and Her Sisters ( 7 - Feb - 1986 ) · April
The Man with One Red Shoe ( 19 - Jul - 1985 ) · Paula
Garbo Talks ( 12 - Oct - 1984 ) · Lisa Rolfe
Return of the Jedi ( 25 - May - 1983 )
Under the Rainbow ( 31 - Jul - 1981 )
The Blues Brothers ( 16 - Jun - 1980 ) · Mystery Woman
The Empire Strikes Back ( 21 - May - 1980 ) · Princess Leia
Mr. Mike 's Mondo Video ( 1979 ) · Herself
The Star Wars Holiday Special ( 17 - Nov-1978 )
Star Wars ( 25 - May - 1977 ) · Princess Leia
Shampoo ( 11 - Feb - 1975 )
Official Website :
http://www.carriefisher.com/
Author of books :
Delusions of Grandma
Postcards from the Edge ( 1987 , novel )
Surrender the Pink ( 1990 , novel )
The Best Awful ( 2003 , novel )
Wishful Drinking ( 2008 , memoir )
Shockaholic ( 2010 )
Requires Flash 7 + and Javascript .
Do you know something we do n't ?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile
Bam Adebayo PF • MIA
Those Goran Dragic & Bam Adebayo injuries are so disappointing for anyone who wanted a Finals worthy of the quality of ba @MrMichaelLee
Nick Nurse HC • TOR @JovanBuha tells us that if it's not Tye Lue , the Clippers will be looking at possible 1st year Head Coaches in hopes of find @dpshow
Kendrick Nunn SG • MIA Kendrick Nunn 's 18 points are the most by a rookie off the bench in the #NBAFinals since Elden Campbell had 21 in 1991 @bball_ref
Anthony Davis PF • LAL
Most points in first NBA Finals game since NBA - ABA merger : 48 Allen Iverson in 2001 36 Michael Jordan in 1991 36 Kevin Duran @DanFeldmanNBA
Anthony Davis PF • LAL Big - time performances from LeBron James and Anthony Davis in Game 1 of the #NBAFinals ⭐️ AD : 34 PTS | 9 REB | 5 AST | @NBAFantasy
Dion Waiters SG • LAL
So we ’re just not going to put Dion Waiters in street clothes into this game @talkhoops
Jimmy Butler SF • MIA
The Lakers cruise to a Game 1 victory , 116- 98 , over the ailing Heat in the #NBAFinals .
@ MarcJSpears
Goran Dragic PG • MIA Goran Dragic Suffered A Left Foot Injury In Game 1 Of The NBA Finals ( UPDATE ) Dime Magazine
Bam Adebayo PF • MIA Bam Adebayo Left Game 1 Of The NBA Finals With A Left Arm Injury Dime Magazine
Bam Adebayo PF • MIA Bam Adebayo has been ruled out for the game with a shoulder strain .
@ JaredWeissNBA
Kentavious Caldwell - Pope SG • LAL Kentavious Caldwell - Pope has some cramping in his chest muscle @melissarohlin
TWO Russian men died in a sauna after jumping into a plunge pool that had accidentally been heated to boiling point , investigators and media said .
The two men jumped into the pool to cool down after sweating in a steam room .
A third man tried to save the victims but was unable to pull the men out of the boiling water , Komsomolskaya Pravda tabloid reported today .
The two men's bodies were discovered in the sauna in the city of Kirov in central Russia on February 18 and " their death was caused by overheating " , the Kirov regional investigative committee confirmed in a statement .
The water in the pool was " overheated due to an error by one of the victims , " investigators said .
Saunas usually include a cold plunge pool .
The men were named by investigators as the director of an old people 's home and the director of a residential home for people with psychiatric problems .
It ’s been an interesting 24 hours for MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann .
He let his sense of humor see the light of day on last night ’s Daily Show Chatroulette satire , and now he ’s already got another notch in the belt of being more down to earth than evidence sometimes suggests .
The target this time is ESPN ’s Bill Simmons – a .k.a.
The Sports Guy – and his far - reaching Tiger - Woods ’s - Comeback - is - Like - Muhammed - Ali ’s column that went up on Wednesday on ESPN.com .
Update : Simmons responds !
Keith ’s response was posted on hist Major League Baseball - supported blog :
I promised no politics here and I stick to it .
But I never said anything about never mentioning other sports , although I think I ’ll start that rule about a paragraph from now .
If you ’d like to read the most poorly - informed conclusion I ’ve come across in sports media this year , you have your link .
Proceed with caution .
In short , it is the contention that the comeback of Tiger Woods will be more difficult than the one Muhammad Ali faced in the 1960’s .
If the writer can let me know when Woods is punitively drafted by the military even though he is about eight years older than almost all the other draftees , I ’ll begin to take him seriously .
In the interim I am again left to marvel how somebody can rise to a fairly prominent media position with no discernible insight or talent , save for an apparent ability to mix up a vast bowl of word salad very quickly .
Holy crap , this has me giddy .
Every now and then , a part of me briefly remembers that the Sportscenter I grew up watching before school featured Mr. Olbermann as the head honcho .
Pit him against Simmons and that camp of online thinkers and the Malcom Gladwell love affair ?
This is already a war I really would love to see .
It ’s almost enough to get me to watch Countdown on a Friday night .
H/t to Deadspin on the Olbermann post .
> Update : Simmons just tweeted this .
Wow – game on .
KO , please know the feeling is mutual .
You ’re my worst case scenario for my career in 12 yrs : a pious , unlikable blowhard who lives alone .
I ’m furious that my Tiger column distracted America from a detailed and only mildly creepy case for Johnny Orsino ’s Hall of Fame candidacy .
- SK
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
Costing just a cent to produce and requiring just a single drop of blood to function , this paper chip , designed by chemist George Whitesides , can diagnose HIV , tuberculosis , malaria and more .
What substance makes this tiny marvel possible ?
Comic - book ink .
Advertisement
The water - resistant ink pushes the blood into the different paper channels , each of which contain chemicals that react with the blood and change color to indicate the presence and severity of the various diseases .
In developing countries where technology for diagnosing diseases needs to be cheap and easy for individuals to use themselves , it 's hard to imagine a test simpler than Whitesides ' " zero cost diagnostics " .
The Harvard chemist presented his idea at a recent TED conference and summarized it in a video for CNN :
Click to view
In his presentations , Whitesides explains how the paper tests could be produced cheaply in great numbers by inexpensive wax printers and proposes that individuals could send their results to doctors with cheap camera phones .
Solutions for third world problems are often weighed down by their ambition and complexity , but the advantages of Whitesides ' work rests in its simplicity .
[ CNN via PopSci via Inhabitat
BARCELONA – Did you know that your eyes are electric ?
NTT Docomo does , and has harnessed their potential ( ahem ) to control your MP3 player .
The Eye- Controlled Earphones , on show at the Mobile World Congress , have electrodes around the outside of the ' buds .
These electrodes , called " electroculograms " ( EOG ) , detect tiny difference in the electrical potential of the eyes as they move .
The eye is positive at the cornea and negative at the retina .
As the eyes move , the potential around it changes , and these changes can be used to control things .
Now , you do n't want to skip tracks every time you look to the right , so there is a code involved , much like those used to play the classic Virtua Fighter , with its double - tap joypad commands .
Here at the show , we were treated to a demo .
To play / pause the track , you look left then right .
To skip , look either left or right twice in succession , returning to the center each time .
And for volume , you rotate your gaze clockwise or counter - clockwise .
As you can see in the picture , the poor demo guy ended up looking like a white - eyed zombie most of the time .
The hit rate was good , though , and an on - screen graph showed the detection as it happened .
And as the tech works with eyes open or closed , it could certainly be useful .
You can even answer the phone , so next time your boss calls you on a Sunday and you roll your eyes , it 'll be totally legit .
What I use my YouTube log in for
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Found ... the honey bees with built - in central heating
Scientists have long attributed the success of the honey bee to the division of labour within the hive .
But thermal imaging research for a TV series has identified a previously unknown skill performed by a specialist bee that is vital for a colony 's survival .
' Heater bees ' use their bodies to provide a ' central heating ' system , it has emerged .
Scientists have discovered ' heater ' bees who keep the hive warm
The ' heaters ' are responsible for maintaining the temperature in the hive where young bees , known as pupae , are sealed into wax cells while they grow into adult bees .
By changing the temperature of each pupa they can determine what kind of bee it will become .
Those kept at 35C mature to become the intelligent forager bees that leave the nest in search of nectar and pollen .
Those kept at 34C emerge as ' house keepers ' .
Horticulturalists reintroduce some 20,000 honeybees into two hives at Kew Gardens
Professor Jürgen Tautz , head of the bee group at Germany 's Würzburg University , said the heater bees were vital in determining what job the young bee will perform once it matures .
As a result they are able to ensure that there are always enough bees filling each role within the colony - guaranteeing its success .
' The bees are controlling the environment they live in to make sure they can fill a need within the colony , ' said Professor Tautz .
' By carefully regulating the temperature of each pupa , they change the way it develops and the likelihood of the role it will fulfil when it emerges as an adult . '
He added : ' By creeping into empty cells , one heater bee can transmit heat to 70 pupae around them .
It is a central heating system for the colony . '
Using new technology the scientists were able to record the temperature within bee hives and discover the fascinating new role of the heater bee .
Until now they cited the division of labour within the hive as the secret of honey bees ' success .
But the research shows that without its own unique central heating system - provided by the heater bees - they would be nowhere near as successful .
By controlling the temperature within the hive the heater bees determine the roles performed by the young bees in later life and therefore ensure there is never a shortage of skills .
The findings will be revealed later this month in a new BBC series , Richard Hammond 's Invisible World , where technology is used to give a glimpse into previously unseen worlds .
Thermal imaging cameras revealed how individual heater bees warm up the nest to precisely the right temperature .
Depending on the size of the hive there can be just a few inside the nest to several hundred .
Professor Tautz added : ' The old idea was that the pupae in the brood nest were producing the heat and bees moved in there to keep warm , but what we have seen is that there are adult bees who are responsible to maintaining the temperature .
' They decouple their wings so the muscles run at full power without moving the wings and this allows them to raise their body temperature extremely high .
' Their body temperature can reach up to 44 degrees centigrade .
In theory they should cook themselves , but somehow they are able to withstand this high temperature . '
Nature of the Period
Background and Perspectives
Social systems do n't live forever .
They have their own internal contradictions , which produce systemic crises .
Capitalism is no different ; someday it will end .
The question we are addressing is whether it will be followed by barbarism , mass death , and barrenness , or by a better world .
The current crisis is not only one of greatly increased attacks on the working class and oppressed people but is also a fundamental crisis of the system itself .
We cannot predict the demise of the system , something in which the working class and oppressed people must also play a conscious part .
We can , however , state that this is the most serious crisis of capitalism since the 1930's -- and that one was only " solved " by World War II .
An understanding of today 's world crisis must begin at the end of that previous crisis .
U.S. recessions and unemployment 1948 - 2010
U.S. recessions and unemployment 1948 - 2010
From World War I to the Great Depression and then World War II , the world capitalist system went through 30 years of crisis and decay , politically reflected in revolutions in Russia , Europe and Asia , the rise of fascism in Italy , Germany , Spain and elsewhere , and the counterrevolutionary consolidation of the Marxist - Leninist bureaucracy in the Soviet Union .
After World War II , the U.S. emerged as the dominant world power .
The Axis was in ashes .
The old British and French empires were greatly weakened , and the USSR was a weak rival to the USA .
World dominance imperialism was the basis for the long postwar boom in the U.S.
Although it contained several recessions that did n't threaten the system , that relative and limited prosperity ( for European - Americans , anyway ) lasted through the '50s and '60s .
It was based on enormous military power and spending ( what some have called the Permanent Arms Economy ) , industrial superiority , financial control ( the Bretton Woods agreement and gold reserve standard ) , and oil .
Consequentially , there was a vast expansion of car ownership and suburban living ( again , at least for white folks ) .
There was a vast looting of natural resources , treating the natural world as a limitless mine , while undercutting our biological basis of existence .
Growing from the experiences of the Depression and war came the dominance of the liberal idea of contra-cyclical government intervention to stabilize the economy ( Keynesianism ) .
The boom had its limits .
Imperial domination of the Third World bred nationalist revolutions ; e.g. , China , Algeria , Cuba , Vietnam .
Arms spending , while creating jobs and technological spinoffs , also is a drain ; i.e. , military spending produces nothing socially useful ( and threatens society with nuclear extinction ) .
Oil became increasingly costly to produce as industrial and consumer demand for it expanded .
It also became a major cause of environmental destruction .
Finally , modern industry got built outside the U.S. and competed against it on the world market .
The effects of this showed up as early as the mid-'60s in the form of trade deficits and a balance of payments crisis .
The contradictions within the post - World War II prosperity also led to a massive radicalization and social upheaval from the mid-50s to the early 70s ( popularly known as " the ' 60s " ) .
The struggles of African - Americans and allies against racism combined with opposition to the Vietnam War ( in solidarity with the fight of the Vietnamese people ) led to a mass disgust with the system and its liberal pieties .
This disgust also led to a women 's liberation movement and a Gay ( GLBT ) liberation movement , ecological consciousness , greater sexual freedom , and an upsurge in workplace struggles .
The underlying economic stresses came to a head in the ' 70s with a major crisis .
The Bretton Woods agreement collapsed .
The U.S. partially lost control of oil production as its price skyrocketed .
More nationalist revolutions broke out in Iran and Nicaragua .
After withdrawing from Vietnam and ending legal racial segregation in the South ( Jim Crow ) , political reaction took hold in the U.S.
It became the basis for a new , conservative , neoliberal ideology against government intervention .
Neoliberal non-intervention became the basis for greatly increased speculation and a whole series of financial bubbles and busts ; viz. , oil and commodities , savings and loans , stocks and leveraged buyouts , Asian and Russian currency and Long Term Capital Management , the internet , and , finally real estate .
What we now face
Resistance
Following the Great Recession , the state and capitalists seem to have stabilized the situation for now , preventing a collapse into another Depression .
Yet nothing fundamental has been solved and the seeds are already planted for a new crisis .
Speculation is rampant in stocks and commodities , and derivatives are still out of control .
At the same time , unemployment is very high and likely to remain so for years .
Foreclosures , homelessness and hunger continue to increase .
State and local government budgets and services are slashed into the bone .
Credit , even for fairly large businesses , is still tight .
There will be no return to the post - World War II prosperity .
Working people face long - term stagnation and increasing difficulties .
There has been a growing polarization in the country .
On the one hand , a proto - fascist movement has grown up on the right , a minority but a big and very vocal one .
There has also been a turn to the left by much of the population , reflected in the http://www.nefac.net/node/2456
 and in a growing disillusionment in his policies by a large part of his liberal base .
This is still mostly passive and electoral .
For the most part , people are still in shock from the Great Recession , making do with temporary and personal solutions and taking advantage of whatever government programs exist .
The union officials , liberal and moderate alike , do not have a clue as to how to respond politically to the decline in their membership and power , aside from electing more Democrats .
However , we feel that popular resistance to the Recession 's effects will grow .
We dont know when , where or how it will break out , but it will come .
Ubuntu Radiance Min & Max Back To Normal
Metacity Themes
Source ( link to git - repo or to original if based on someone elses unmodified work ) :
Add the source - code for this project on opencode.net
I am by profession a working mathematician and natural scientist .
I was destined to the career of scholar from childhood by my father .
He was a scholar in the very different field of philological - historical research , and he imbued me - rather by example than by precept - with the duties and responsibilities of the scholar .
These are an unswerving devotion to the truth , whatever it may be and however much it may cost to formulate and to utter it .
Joined with this was an iron intellectual discipline which very soon became a self - discipline .
It has compelled me to subject my own work to the most rigorous criteria of validity to which I would subject the work of anyone else , and to tear up mercilessly whatever I find to be faulty or insufficient .
I was brought up outside a formal religion , and I have never been able to bring myself to a thorough acceptance of any religion , not even that of the militant atheist .
But I have realized through my own experience that no life can be satisfactory to me which does not recognize the intrinsic dignity of other human beings , whoever and wherever they may be , and which does not insist on the recognition of my own dignity by others .
I say “ dignity , ” but what I mean by the word has nothing whatever to do with pomposity and is indeed its deepest enemy .
Neither is dignity in any way inconsistent with humor and a cheerful attitude to life .
I cannot indeed claim any thorough - going cheerfulness in these days of the external threats of Armageddon and the destruction of civilization , and of the internal threats which tend to put us all in spiritual blinders .
It is easy to maintain a calm philosophy of life and a spiritual equanimity in a vacuum , or in an ivory tower .
But whatever equanimity is left to us today is one which has to support itself against the shocks and alarms of a spiritual battle .
We are living in a world where there are many powerful forces definitely hostile to scholarship and to human dignity .
If , like myself , a scholar happens to work in a field with engineering applications which may pay off in industry or in weapons of war , he is likely to find himself reduced to an impersonal place in a scientific machine which blunders along by its very mass and bulk .
I cannot and do not accept such a life , for I prefer the right to make mistakes on a piece of paper and to come out of them with a better understanding of the truth , to the unwelcome privilege of participating in the expenditure of millions of dollars .
The goose that lays the golden egg has become a Strasbourg goose nailed down by its feet to the floor of its coop and crammed with information - not cracked corn - to the end that from the degeneration of its brain - not its liver - a profitable commercial commodity may be drawn .
I have no belief in any knowledge of the truth that can be reached without a very real possibility of error , and I claim the privilege of entertaining not only unpopular but even definitely wrong ideas .
It is only when I am thus free that I can satisfy myself of their wrongness and come to a belief which is more than a timeserving conformity chiefly prompted by a lust after the flesh pots of Egypt .
NORBERT WIENER is nationally - and internationally - known as one of America`s leading mathematicians and scientists .
He is particularly identified today with the new science of cybernetics , dealing with communications , which he originated and named .
Forty - five years ago he was widely celebrated as a child prodigy who was a college freshman at the age of eleven and a graduate student at fourteen .
The roster of the colleges and universities at which he has studied , or lectured , is long , and includes Harvard , Columbia , Cambridge ( England ) , Gottingen ( Germany ) and Copenhagen ( Denmark ) .
Professor Wiener has taught mathematics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology since 1919 , and now holds from that institution a roving commission to do any scientific work to which his creative impulse may lead him .
He is the author of many books and papers on higher mathematics and scientific subjects .
His most widely discussed work , Cybernetics , was published in 1948 .
Donate
If you enjoyed this essay , please consider making a tax - deductible contribution to This I Believe , Inc .
This is really cute !
But , only for info of course , Brazil is actually four times bigger than Greenland .
This is just a random fact , I know it 's impossible to have a correct map .
Besides that , it 's really beautiful and well done !
• The Queen Is Dead : Georgette , a transvestite hooker , is thrown out of the family home by her brother and tries to attract the attention of a hoodlum named Vinnie at a benzedrine - driven party .
[ And , yes , I 'm certain that 's where Morrissey got his song title . ]
• Strike : Harry , a machinist in a factory , becomes a local official in the union .
A closeted homosexual , he abuses his wife and gets in fights to convince himself that he is a man .
He gains a temporary status and importance during a long strike , and uses the union 's money to entertain the young street punks and buy the company of drag queens .
Claiming that financial need compelled him to publish this " near - perfect Greek tragedy " of a life " flawed by a great weakness , " ex-Congressman Bauman reveals with relentless candor the alcoholic and homosexual behavior that led to the ruin of his political career and marriage .
His story is engrossing both on a personal level and as an expose of Washington 's gay scene to which , he maintains , belong government , professional and corporate leaders of all political casts .
While admitting his guilt , Bauman alleges that his indictment for sexual solicitation and attendant activities , based on evidence from paid FBI informants , was politically motivated by the Carter administration , " Tip " O'Neill and by a Maryland senator who considered him a potential rival .
Now practicing law , Bauman still suffers from rejection of his professional talents and from social prejudice , he stresses , and , as a Roman Catholic , finds little comfort in his religion 's ambivalent stance toward homosexuality .
The arrest touched off rampant speculation about his sexuality after a Sacramento television station reported he had been at a gay nightclub in Sacramento just before he was pulled over by California Highway Patrol officers .
But Ashburn had declined to comment .
He broke his silence in an interview on Bakersfield radio station KERN ( 1180 AM ) with talk - show host Inga Barks on Monday morning , saying the incident had led to " restless nights " and " soul searching . "
Ashburn said he had " brought this on myself . "
When he told Barks he owed his constituents an explanation , she responded , " Do you want me to ask you … the question , or do you want to just tell people ? "
" I am gay , '' Ashburn answered , " and so I … those are the words that have been so difficult for me for so long .
But I am gay .
But it is something that is personal and ….
I felt with my heart that being gay did n't affect -- would n't affect -- how I did my job . "
He did not express any resentment that his sexuality had come under scrutiny , saying , " Through my own actions , I made my personal life public . "
The episode , widely discussed on Internet blogs , in newspapers and on TV , spurred charges of hypocrisy against the senator from gay - rights activists who noted that Ashburn , a divorced father of four , had voted several times against legislation favoring gays and lesbians .
On Sept. 1 , 2005 , Ashburn voted against a bill that would have allowed same - sex marriages in California .
The bill was later vetoed by the governor .
Ashburn also was among the minority in voting against legislation last year that designated May 22 of each year as Harvey Milk Day .
" It is unfortunate he helped spread the bigotry that forced him to stay in the closet , " said Geoff Kors , executive director of Equality California , a group supporting gay marriage .
" We hope he now takes this opportunity to educate people in his district and throughout the state that his sexual orientation is irrelevant . ''
Ashburn defended his votes against gay - rights legislation , saying he was reflecting how the voters in his district felt .
Former Rep. Eric Massa ( D - N.Y. ) has been under investigation for allegations that he groped multiple male staffers working in his office , according to three sources familiar with the probe .
The allegations surrounding the former lawmaker date back at least a year , and involve " a pattern of behavior and physical harassment , " according to one source .
The new claims of alleged groping contradict statements by Massa , who resigned his office on Monday after it became public that he was the subject of a House ethics committee investigation for possible harassment .
When I was really young , like maybe 11 or 12 , my mom must have sensed I was gay .
I had n't thought about it myself ... did n't even know what it was , although I did feel some kind of undefined attraction for some of the older guys in the neighborhood ( older meaning 16 or 17 ) .
Anyway , she told me she wanted me to meet someone and to hang around because he was coming over before dinner .
It was her hairdresser , a guy with two first names , one of which was Michelle ( or at least whatever it was was pronounced " Michelle , " like in Bachmann ) .
So Michelle is a walking , breathing stereotype .
I can still recall the fluffy pink mohair sweater , the screamingly dyed blonde hair in a style that did n't look like anything any man I had ever noticed had .
And his wrist was the limpest wrist I had ever seen .
Maybe he was just putting it on thick for me .
But it worked .
Although I had a couple of discreet " experiments " while I was a teenager , I stuck with girls ; I forced myself to , without even making a conscious decision .
I knew I was n't like Michelle ; that 's all .
I read Hubert Selby 's then brand new 1964 now - classic Last Exit To Brooklyn and realized there are gay people in Brooklyn , although it was a painful revelation .
Wikipedia synopsizes two of the 6 parts : That kept me in the closet for another few years .
It really all seemed so furtive and ugly and sad back then .
The experiences I had -- as a hitchhiker going back and forth from Brooklyn to Manhattan -- were n't very satisfying .
Girls were way better .
But ... something was n't right and sometimes I got this unconscious feeling .
By the time I was in college drugs were an integral part of my life -- and in a very big way .
They do wonders for inhibitions ... as well as for denial .
I had sex with a guy who I really liked but when my girlfriend found out and demanded I make a choice , I picked her and quickly " forgot " I had ever even had sex with a guy , even though , in the depths of my consciousness I knew that that was exactly the right thing for me .
I had a big transitionary stage after graduation when I was celibate for years , traveling around Asia looking for myself .
I found me ... in Amsterdam ( of all places ) and when I went to a psychologist and told him I suspected I might be gay he was waiting for the punchline .
Finally he asked me if I had come to see him to get addresses of places where I could meet other gay guys .
I took that as a professional blessing -- and I did n't need any addresses because I lived directly across the street from the Vondel Park I started making up for lost time with a vengeance .
But the closet had scarred me and it took another year before I was able to tell my family ( back in America ) and my old friends .
I was lucky .
My mother 's reaction , after trying a little denial for a few moments , was " Does this mean you want to start wearing my wigs ? "
I did n't and there was never a bump , not even the tiniest one .
No one ever considered inviting me to anything without my boyfriend or did n't accord him the same love and respect and acceptance they had always given girlfriends I brought home .
I was very lucky .
Not every gay person is .
Ex -Congressman Bob Bauman 's wife , like him a devout Catholic and , also like him , devouter conservative , was -- again , like him -- a founder of the Young Americans For Freedom , had their marriage annulled when he was outed .
He wrote the best book I ever read on the topic of a closeted conservative politician coming to grips with himself , The Gentleman From Maryland -- The Conscience Of A Gay Conservative .
It should be a must - read for every closeted politician who winds up running for office .
The blurb fromBakersfield state Senator Roy Ashburn , vicious homophobic Republican sociopath by day , bar trawler by night , should have read it long ago .
It might have saved him a lot of misery .
Outed last week when he was pulled over , drunk , with a young male he had picked up in a Sacramento bar , he actually went on a big Bakersfield radio station and told his constituents " I am gay . "
No shit , Sherlock !
On personal leave since his arrest early Wednesday morning and avoiding the press , he figured he could n't deny it any longer .
Listen to the whole interview with a right - wing radio host Part I : Part II , in which he shows he does n't understand what it means to be a self - loathing Republican homosexual :
Now , what about Eric Massa ?
I know Eric for a long time -- and I do n't know .
He told me last week that he expected to get slandered , although he was expecting to get slandered by Republicans .
He was very specific about that .
He said they were out to get him because he was fighting for ending DADT .
Today he 's going on the Glenn Beck show to denounce the Democrats for screwing him up instead !
( Apparently many of his new allies do n't trust him or realize that he 's mentally unstable now , adding to the personal tragedy of this guy . )
I think he's in a great deal of pain and overwhelmed by a sense of desperation in regard to his crumbling life .
All I can say is that I 'm going to pray for him ( rather than for Ashburn ; I 'm notpure of heart at this point on my evolutionary journey ) .
Oh -- and I 'm going to continue to work towards eliminating the strictures that closets confine people in .
Politically speaking , I could use some help on that one .
Hoyer , as expected , called Massa 's wild charges absurd but the big news -- just as Glenn Beck is about to start his exploitation session with a dangerously sick man -- and who better than Glenn Beck ?-- thereports an even worse assessment than anyone expected .
Labels : Ashburn , Bauman , Eric Massa , gay equality , gay Republicans , Hubert Selby , internalized homophobia
Government is taking us a long way down the Road to Serfdom .
That does n't just mean that more of us must work for the government .
It means that we are changing from independent , self - responsible people into a submissive flock .
The welfare state kills the creative spirit .
F.A. Hayek , an Austrian economist living in Britain , wrote The Road to Serfdom in 1944 as a warning that central economic planning would extinguish freedom .
The book was a hit .
Reader 's Digest produced a condensed version that sold 5 million copies .
Hayek meant that governments can't plan economies without planning people 's lives .
After all , an economy is just individuals engaging in exchanges .
The scientific - sounding language of President Obama 's economic planning hides the fact that people must shelve their own plans in favor of government 's single plan .
At the beginning of The Road to Serfdom , Hayek acknowledges that mere material wealth is not all that 's at stake when the government controls our lives :
" The most important change … is a psychological change , an alteration in the character of the people . "
This should n't be controversial .
If government relieves us of the responsibility of living by bailing us out , character will atrophy .
The welfare state , however good its intentions of creating material equality , can't help but make us dependent .
That changes the psychology of society .
I 'll explore this tonight on my Fox Business show , 8 p.m. Eastern ( rebroadcast Friday at 10 p.m. ) .
According to the Tax Foundation , 60 percent of the population now gets more in government benefits than it pays in taxes .
What does it say about a society in which more than half the people live at the expense of the rest ?
Worse , the dependent class is growing .
The 60 percent will soon be 70 percent .
Rep . Paul Ryan of Wisconsin seems to understand the threat :
He worries that " more people have a stake in the welfare state than in free enterprise .
This is a road that Hayek perfectly described as ' the road to serfdom . ' "
( Tonight I will ask Ryan why , if he understands this , he voted for TARP and the auto bailouts . )
Kurt Vonnegut understood the threat of government - imposed equality .
His short story " Harrison Bergeron " portrays a future in which no one is permitted to have any physical or intellectual advantage over anyone else .
A government Handicapper General weighs down the strong and agile , masks the faces of the beautiful , and distracts the smart .
So far , the Handicapper General is just fantasy .
But Vice President Joe Biden did shout at the Democratic National Convention : " Everyone is your equal , and everyone is equal to you . "
If he meant that we 're all equal in rights and before the law , fine .
If he meant government should n't put barriers in the way of opportunity , great .
But statists like Biden usually have more in mind :
They want government to make results more equal .
Two actual examples of the lunacy :
When colleges innovated by having students use Kindle e-book readers instead of expensive textbooks , the Justice Department sued them , complaining that the Kindle discriminates against blind students .
The department also is suing the Massachusetts prison system because it makes prospective prison guards take a physical test .
Since women do n't do as well as men on that test , Justice claims the test discriminates against women .
Arthur Brooks , who heads the American Enterprise Institute , says statism is becoming the " central organizing power in our economy , " and that the battle between free enterprise and statism will shape our futures .
He remains optimistic because a recent poll showed that 70 percent of Americans want free enterprise .
I 'm less sanguine .
In that same poll , 54 percent of Americans said government should exert more control over the economy .
Brooks discounts that , claiming people forget their " core values " during crises .
But he asks the right question :
Do we want a culture of takers or makers ?
Ryan and Brooks say most people want " the American idea " : freedom and self - responsibility .
I fear they want a Mommy State to take care of them .
What do you think ?
The choice is crucial .
If we continue down the Road to Serfdom , our destination will be a poorer society , high unemployment , stagnation , and complacency .
John Stossel is host of Stossel on the Fox Business Network .
He 's the author of Give Me a Break and of Myth , Lies , and Downright Stupidity .
To find out more about John Stossel , visit his site at johnstossel.com .
COPYRIGHT 2010 BY JFS PRODUCTIONS , INC .
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM
Applications have a natural tendency to grow .
If you do n’t pay attention , what started out as an elegant , simple application that perfectly solves a single problem , can quickly turn into a huge behemoth of an application that solves a ton of problems , but solves all of them poorly .
Features are always more complex than you think , and many small features quickly add up to one large mess .
This is the kind of application you want :
If you are not careful , this is the kind of application you will end up with :
Constant vigilance is the price you pay for an elegant application .
This means you have to learn to say « no » .
Your current customers will ask you for a feature they want .
Potential customers will tell you that if you add just one specific feature , they ’ll buy the app .
You ca n’t be everything for everyone .
You have to let some people be customers of your competitors .
Kathy Sierra puts it like this :
Each of our books , for example , covers fewer topics than its closest competitors .
Yet we outsell all of them , and part of that is precisely because we cover less .
Our readers learn fewer topics , but nail the important ones , and it turned out that for most people , nailing it was more important than reading it .
Our readers put their trust in us to work hard at finding and focusing on what really matters , and brutally cutting the cognitive overload that comes with the rest , and we try not to let them down .
Be brave .
And besides , continuing to pile on new features eventually leads to an endless downhill slide toward poor usability and maintenance .
A negative spiral of incremental improvements .
Fighting and clawing for market share by competing solely on features is an unhealthy , unsustainable , and unfun way to live .
Steven Frank points out :
Since the days of the Apple ] [ , C64 , and Atari 400 , all we ’ve done is add , add , add .
Add more features to sell more computers .
We ’ve never stopped to take anything away .
You may be thinking that you ’re creating a product for power users , so it ’s okay to just keep adding features , because people will figure it out .
But it ’s not okay .
Brent Simmons writes :
Here ’s the thing about the power users and developers I know : they use a lot of apps .
They manage a lot of complexity already .
They often have a few powerful apps ( Xcode , Photoshop , Final Cut , Excel , whatever ) that they use to get their work done .
They ’re not sitting around wishing for more complexity .
Quite the opposite !
But they do wish that some apps fit them better .
And in many cases they wish for less complexity .
Of course , if you do ask power users what they want , and then implement every feature they can come up with , you ’ll end up with this :
So saying no is good for you , and good for your customers .
But what if you ’ve already said yes ?
Eventually , you will find yourself in a position where your application contains features it should not .
Even if you ’ve been vigilant , this will happen .
There are various reasons .
Technology Becomes Outdated
When you wrote your application , it made perfect sense to add support for FTP syncing , add a Java bridge or refactor your application to be an OpenDoc container .
Maybe a feature you added was based on a hack , and the hack does n’t work anymore , or turns out to be more buggy than you expected .
The world changes , and a year or two later , what looked like a good idea at the time has now become useless , has turned out to cause huge support problems , or has turned out to be unreliable .
Or perhaps most people simply did n’t care , and the feature has made the application more complex without helping anyone .
It Was Free
If your backend supports a feature , it ’s often tempting to implement it , because to you , it ’s essentially free .
Months later , you will find out that while it did n’t cost you anything , it was n’t free to your users .
They now have to deal with a feature they may not care about , and all it does is get in their way .
Jason Alderman provides an example :
Our devs whipped up a framework early on that supports categories , subcategories , AND tagging .
(…)
Tags just adds a layer of complexity to so many screens of the UI , that it ’s hard to design a good , consistent user experience .
If the work already went into implementing a feature , it ’s hard to argue that it should not be exposed to users .
Even if you ’re the only one working on the project , the sunk cost fallacy may have tempted you to expose a useless or potentially harmful feature in your user interface .
Mistakes Were Made
It happens .
Perhaps it ’s a feature the CEO wanted , and there was no way to say « no » .
Perhaps the people responsible just did n’t think it through .
You ’re Creating a Simpler Version
It ’s also possible that your application is great as it is , but that there is demand for a simpler version .
Maybe you ’re creating an iPad version of your desktop app and need to decide which features are not going to make it , or you ’re trying to create a new consumer application out of your existing pro application .
What Now ?
Regardless of how you got there , eventually you ’ll be in a position where you have features in your application that do n’t really ( or really do n’t ) belong there .
The most obvious solution is to simply keep them .
Sometimes , this is a valid solution .
Perhaps the features work , they are easy to support , and they do n’t bother the people who do n’t need them .
In that case , it may be okay to just leave them in .
But a more likely scenario is that it ’s not okay .
Outdated features that most of your users do n’t care about are broken windows of user experience design .
John Gruber explains the « broken windows » theory :
It ’s similar to the « broken windows » theory of urban decay , which holds that if a single window is left unrepaired in a building , in fairly short order , the remaining windows in the building will be broken .
Fixing windows as soon as they are broken sends a message : that vandalism will not be tolerated .
But not fixing windows also sends a message : that vandalism is acceptable .
Worse , once a problem such as vandalism starts , if left unchecked , it flourishes .
If you leave features in your application just because half a dozen people actually use them , you ’ll end up with Microsoft Word .
Most people only use a small percentage of all features in Word .
Unfortunately , most people use a different small percentage of all features in Word .
Even the most unpopular , most broken feature is used by somebody .
Nadyne Richmond , a user experience researcher in the Macintosh Business Unit at Microsoft , explains it like this :
There are people who insist that Word 5.1 was the pinnacle of word processors , and everything that has been done since then has been nothing more than bloat .
They tell us that we should update it to run under OS X ( and now they want it as a Universal Binary ) .
Oh , but while we ’re in there updating the code , could we please add their ten favourite features ?
As the ever - insightful Rick [ Schaut ] points out , ‘ by the time you add up all the « Plus ’s » you come to something that ’s not all that far away from Word 2004 , which is how we got here in the first place ’ .
Presumably , somebody needed Word 5.1 « Plus Web Search » , so Microsoft went ahead and added the feature :
To me , this is a cautionary tale .
Perhaps Microsoft is in a position where they absolutely have to « add up all the Plus’s » .
But you ’re not .
You do n’t have to try to please everybody and eventually create an application that is liked by nobody .
In fact , since your users are in all likelihood in a situation where they can switch applications easily , and since they probably are not locked in by the need to open a specific file format in its native application , it might be a really bad idea for you to go down the « simply add up all the requested features » route of application design .
So eventually , the best course of action is to get rid of some features that just do n’t work out anymore .
So how do you go about it without causing a revolt amongst your users ?
Here are some ideas .
Get Usage Data .
Let your users opt in to sending you usage data .
This is probably the best solution , since it removes the « human factor » .
People often do n’t consciously know how exactly they use an application .
Getting objective usage data helps you figure out which features to cut .
If you ca n’t get objective data , the second - best solution is to ask .
Manton Reece has an interesting blog post explaining how he asked his users for this type of feedback .
In a follow - up , he writes about his eventual decision :
I eventually did remove a feature , and the survey to customers served as a nice sanity check that the feature was n’t heavily used .
The interesting part , to me , is that the feature I removed was the entire 1.0 product for Wii Transfer .
Literally everything that 1.0 did is now gone .
It ’s been two weeks so far without any complaints .
I like to think that it removes a distraction from the app — one less place in the app that could lead the customer down the wrong path
Inform Your Users About Your Plans .
Be Transparent .
Before removing features , tell your users that you plan to do so , and why you ’ve decided to remove features .
Brent Simmons shows how this is done .
He writes :
So one thing I like doing is getting as much feedback on the possibly - to - delete list as I can .
I do n’t put things up to a vote , because a vote does n’t tell me the why of anything , and that matters more than just numbers .
I ’ve learned a few specific things in the past few hours that I did n’t know : for instance , that people actually do use the HTML Archive feature .
That people do n’t use the automatic enclosure downloading feature very much , but they do like the possibility of manual downloading .
( I did n’t , and do n’t , intend to remove manual downloading of enclosures . )
There ’s also a great blog post by Adobe ’s John Nack , where he explains why removing features is a good idea , and lists a number of features Adobe was going to remove from Photoshop .
Provide Alternative Solutions .
When the people at Bohemian Coding removed the bitmap features from their application DrawIt , they contacted Flying Meat ’s Gus Mueller .
They were able to work out a deal , and every DrawIt customer got a free copy of Flying Meat ’s image editor Acorn .
Keep the Old Version Available ( For a Time ) .
When Apple rewrote iMovie , they kept the older , more feature - complete version of the application online until they felt that the new version was mature enough , thus giving people who were not satisfied with the update a way to keep using the old version , at least for a time .
This allowed Apple to add features users needed , and it allowed users to take their time getting comfortable with the update .
Do What You Have to Do. Suck It Up .
Despite of the generous offer of giving Acorn to each owner of DrawIt , Bohemian Coding ’s Pieter Omvlee writes that reaction was not entirely positive :
The feedback I got was mixed .
Some people were happy with the improvements I made to the vector part in the same update and said they never used the bitmap part anyway .
Some complained because they only used the bitmap part , but I could point them to Acorn .
Lastly , I received some complaints from people who really liked the combination of both vector and bitmap in one app .
Fortunately , only very few people felt that way .
In general , it all went well , and I think that ’s for a big part thanks to Gus Mueller ’s generous offer .
You ca n’t please all of the people all of the time .
Sometimes , you have to make a few people really unhappy in order to make everyone else a little bit happier .
Do n’t let angry customers dictate your application design - the application is n’t as important to them as it is to you .
Keeping your application healthy is your responsibility .
Your customers can switch to a different application if they do n’t like yours anymore .
You can ’t .
Your customers do n’t know how hard it is to support a feature .
You do .
Your customers do n’t know how popular a feature really is .
You probably have a pretty good idea .
Your customers likely do n’t even really know what features they want , even if they tell you that they do .
It ’s your job to figure out how to grow - or shrink - your application properly and responsibly .
It ’s your job to make the hard decisions and cut the features that did not work out .
Conclusion
As a programmer or designer , it ’s easy to become a bit too invested in your application ’s feature set ; accepting that something you ’ve put a lot of work in needs to be changed or removed can be hard .
But sometimes , it has to be done , and if done carefully , most of your users will appreciate your decision .
Update
Nadyne Richmond has written an answer to this post .
She writes :
Using usage data to decide which features to cut is fundamentally flawed .
Usage data does n’t tell you why a feature is n’t used .
(…)
There are plenty of reasons that a feature might not get used , and removing the feature is not the only solution to the low - usage problem . (…)
Usage data is directional .
It does n’t tell you what action to take , it tells you that there might be an action to take .
This is absolutely true , of course .
The fact that few people use a feature does not necessarily mean that the feature is useless .
I ’m not advocating mindlessly removing all features that get little use .
However , I do think that low usage is a very strong indicator of an unnecessary feature .
After all , if the feature were truly useful , a sizable number of your users would likely figure out how to use it even if it was implemented poorly .
Further Reading
I want to thank everyone who helped write this article .
Pieter Omvlee from Bohemian Coding , Max Steenbergen who provided awesome feedback on an earlier draft , Jason Alderman , Fabien Marry , Thibaut Sailly , Henning Hoefer , and Andreas Hartl .
What Should You Look For In A Dumpster Rental Service ?
Are you tired of making trips to a local dump or transfer station ?
A dumpster rental is the perfect solution for handling your waste in an effective and environmentally responsible manner .
Rented dumpsters and waste containers are ideal for homeowners , construction contractors and businesses that generate minimal or significant amounts of waste .
We 'll work with you to find the container size and waste collection schedule that fits your requirements and eliminates the mess and worry that comes when you cart your own trash to the dump .
At DumpsterCentral.com , we 're dumpster rental specialists .
We serve residential and commercial customers across the nation and have successfully handled the waste management needs of clients in California , Florida , Georgia , Illinois , New Jersey , New York , Pennsylvania , Texas and all major cities .
Our containers are available for ongoing waste management , periodic projects and one - time use .
We provide long - term dumpster rentals and short - term rentals for parties , renovation projects and other events that generate more trash than usual .
Front -Loading and Roll - Off Dumpster Rentals
We have the ideal dumpster and waste container for every application .
For residential customers and small businesses , we offer compact dumpsters that hold up to 2 cubic yards of trash and larger front - loading dumpsters that can handle up to 8 cubic yards of waste .
Other sizes are also available , and we can create a flexible trash pickup schedule to ensure that you have an empty dumpster whenever you need it .
Plus , we offer a range of large roll - off containers that hold anywhere from 10 to 40 cubic yards of waste .
Our roll - off containers are ideal for carpet replacements , garage cleanouts and minor renovation tasks .
We have supersized roll - off containers that can hold waste from major remodeling projects and roofing jobs .
The cost of renting a roll - off container includes delivery , pickup , disposal , taxes and fuel fees .
If you need the container for a longer period or would like a second container , we 'll make it happen .
Cost is one of the most important concerns that customers have when renting a dumpster .
However , you should also consider the quality of the company 's service .
By working with an established rental service , you know that the company has a large supply of dumpsters and roll - off containers as well as a fleet of garbage trucks and delivery vehicles that can collect and dispose of all your trash .
If you 're renting a dumpster for the first time , we 'll guide you through the process .
Keep in mind that you 'll pay a premium if you book a short - term rental .
If you want a long - term agreement , you can get a more favorable rate .
You can also save money by selecting the smallest container required .
Rented dumpsters are ideal for storing all types of non-hazardous trash .
If you need to get rid of concrete slabs and heavy materials , we 'll work with you to remove your trash while complying with local weight restrictions and waste regulations .
Working with a national dumpster rental service is a smart , simple way to handle all of your waste management needs .
Contact us today to request a free quote .
Our experts will assess your requirements , recommend a properly sized container and create an estimate that includes all fees and taxes .
Dumpster rental can be a difficult area to comprehend .
However , if these easy steps are followed , it is a very simple process .
DumpsterCentral can provide dumpster rental Services in all state of the USA like Florida , California , Georgia , Texas , New York , New Jersey , Pennsylvania , Illinois etc .
By Circles Robinson
HAVANA TIMES , March 7 —
Without saying what it costs nor what it covers , the Cuban government announced it would obligate tourists to buy health insurance in order to visit the island .
The same measure applies for Cubans living abroad and returning home for visits and for foreigners living in the country .
See Havana Times editorial
The decision was taken at an extraordinary meeting of the Council of Ministers on February 16 and published ten days later in the Official Gazette .
According to the measure that takes effect on May 1 , 2010 , the government says medical insurance policies purchased abroad must be from insurance companies recognized in Cuba .
It also states that sales points will be established at points of entrance to the country for purchase from Cuban companies .
Diplomatic personnel and representatives of foreign organizations are exempt from mandatory insurance .
The Ministry of Finance and Prices is the entity empowered by the Council of Ministers to set the price of the insurance polices to be sold by Cuban companies .
Below is a Havana Times translation of the above mentioned measure :
ISSN 1682 -7511
FROM THE REPUBLIC OF CUBA
MINISTRY OF JUSTICE
Information in this extraordinary
Official Gazette issue ( No. 011 of February 26 , 2010 )
COUNCIL OF MINISTERS
Agreement
COUNCIL OF MINISTERS
______
The Secretary of the Council of Ministers
CERTIFIES
Whereas the Executive Committee of the Council of Ministers , making use of the powers granted it by Article 97 of the Constitution of the Republic , adopted on February 16 , 2010 , the following :
AGREEMENT
FIRST : For entry into the country , all travelers , foreigners and Cuban overseas residents are required to possess a travel insurance policy , covering medical expenses , issued by an insurance entity recognized in Cuba .
At points of entry into the country , the sale of these policies will be ensured by Cuban insurance entities .
SECOND : During their stay in the country , foreigners with temporary residence in Cuba are required to have a medical insurance policy issued by a Cuban or foreign insurance entity recognized in Cuba .
THIRD : Diplomatic personnel and representatives of international organizations accredited in Cuba shall be excluded from application of the previous regulation .
FOURTH : The Minister of Finances and Prices shall be made responsible for approving the forms of charging for medical services and evaluating insurance policies contracted through Cuban insurance entities , applicable to foreign as well as Cuban overseas residents and temporary foreign residents .
FIFTH : The ministers of Public Health and Tourism are authorized , in accordance with their respective responsibilities , to dictate the norms relative to the reorganization of medical care for travelers and foreigners , as well as for Cuban overseas residents and temporary foreign residents .
SIXTH : The present Agreement shall go into effect on May 1 , 2010 .
In order to provide copies of this agreement to the members of the Executive Committee of the Council of Ministers and to all others for which it is pertinent , the present certification is being dispatched from the Palace of the Revolution on February 16 , 2010 .
Amarok 2.3.0 has just been released but the Amarok team is already working hard on the next release .
Shortly after mainline opened for feature commits I pushed a feature that will hopefully result in the next Amarok release being based on user feedback even more than 2.3.0 : LikeBack integration .
What is LikeBack ?
Short answer : a client - server system for gathering context - related , anonymous and immediate user feedback .
Long answer : described in a blog post by Valerio Pilo , KMess developer .
Pics worth more than 1 K words ( hint : the icons in the top right corner ) :
As I ’ve read , LikeBack was originally developed for BasKet Note Pads and ported to KDE4 by KMess developers .
In Amarok the LikeBack bar is enabled by default only for testing releases i.e. git builds and betas .
When the user has a good or bad experience , or gets an idea for a feature , he can click on one of the icons in the top right and submit a message .
With LikeBack we gather comments of the types “ like ” “ dislike ” and “ feature idea ” , single and short suggestions , not discussions or bug reports .
Bugs are still handled through the usual dialog that takes the user to bugs .
kde.org , a system much better suited for bug tracking than LikeBack : this also means that if we receive something like a bug report under the guise of a “ dislike ” through LikeBack , we will have to consider it invalid .
The feedback we have received so far ( several dozen comments in half a week ) is quite positive , no insults yet ( yay ! ) .
LikeBack is available in Amarok ’s git mainline ( and in git / nightly builds if your distro provides them ) as of a few days ago ( * not* in the 2.3.0 release ) , so feel free to give it a spin and let us know what you think , either through LikeBack or the usual channels .
Sarah Palin 's family used to " hustle " across the Canadian border to get healthcare , the former Alaska governor said this weekend .
In a speech in Calgary , Alberta , Canada , Palin called it " ironic " that while growing up in a small Alaskan town near the Canadian border , her family used to sneak across the border to take advantage of the Canadian healthcare system .
" We used to hustle over the border for healthcare we received in Canada , " she said , according to Medicine Hat News ( via Dave Weigel . )
" And I think now , ' Is n't that ironic ? ' "
It 's ironic , of course , because Palin and other Republicans have argued that Democratic healthcare reform will put the U.S. on the path toward Canada 's " socialized " healthcare system .
How are ATM skimmers installed ?
Posted by Mikko @ 12:06 GMT
ATM skimmers are installed like this :
Video source : Spiegel.de & German Federal Criminal Office ( Bundeskriminalamt )
It 's not clear who in the Lower Merion schools had access to the Web cam photos .
In a memo explaining LANrev to his fellow techs , Perbix said that , while only he and Cafiero could turn the system on , the information collected was " visible to you if the computer is one you can normally view . "
The Internet was originally invented to be a communication network that could survive a nuclear war .
Ironically , the monster that grew from that idea known as the World Wide Web is actually very , very fragile .
They did n't anticipate what the Internet would become -- because they were n't fucking insane -- and as a result , the whole operation now sits on a rather shaky foundation .
5 The Internet is a Series of Cables , and Cables Can be Cut
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Catastrophe :
Considering how much people freak out when a single big site goes down ( everyone remember the Great Gmail Outage of ' 09 ? ) it 's clear that most of us think of the Internet in general as pretty much invincible .
If an asteroid smashed into the Earth tomorrow , millions of us would immediately pull out our phones to try to get Twitter updates from the affected area .
" It must be pretty bad .
Ashton Kutcher has n't tweeted in days . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
But the truth is , the Internet travels from continent to continent by way of a network of trans - oceanic cables , each thousands of miles long and only as thick around as a thumb .
If enough of these high - pressure porn hoses were compromised , international Internet communication could collapse entirely .
Since these cables are the backbone of a huge portion of the global economy , they must be pretty well protected , right ?
Guards in armored diving suits , badass nuclear submarines inexplicably captained by Scotsmen , Kraken ...
We 're pretty sure AT&T has at least one of these at their disposal .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Actually ...
As it turns out , the cables are n't protected at all .
And it 's not like they 're impervious to damage either .
The largest of them , hilariously named " SEA - ME - WE - 3 " was severed by a 7.1 magnitude earthquake , and in December of 2008 a boat anchor sliced it and three other cables in half .
The disaster cut communications capacity between Europe , the Middle East and India by around 75 percent .
Hundreds of millions of people spent weeks without reliable ( or , in some cases , any ) Internet access .
Because of an anchor .
I was greeted by yet another headline in Friday ’s Washington Post that points to another bailout for homeowners : “ Obama administration announces effort to slash mortgages for unemployed borrowers . ”
It seems that the president is deeply concerned about another wave of foreclosures that could damage an already weak economy .
He is going to require banks to temporarily lower or outright eliminate monthly mortgage payments for many borrowers who are unemployed .
How nice of him .
What a good guy .
Golly , does he have a heart or what !
So , since POTUS is in such a charitable mood , I ’d like to request that he call my bank and ask them to do a little slashing or eliminating work on my mortgage .
I know I have a job and POTUS is really only interested in the unemployed , but I have feelings too .
Ca n’t we overlook the fact that I ’ve actually been paying my mortgage AND my taxes ( please dear reader , do n’t hold that against me ) , and let me into the program ?
C’mon Barack ( Joe Biden calls him Barack in public so I ’m just assuming POTUS is okay with the first name basis thing ) , how about spreading the wealth my way ?
After all , I ’ve got a wife and four kids .
With all of the food , clothing , Catholic school tuition , and sports equipment , do n’t I fit into some niche that would qualify for a little mortgage reduction ?
No joke — it ’s a big friggin ’ mortgage .
Does n’t paying all of my taxes get me anywhere ?
Heck , if you total up federal , state and local taxes , I paid over 50 percent of my income to taxes in 2009 .
And I do n’t mind saying that the actual dollar figure could choke a horse .
But even though I have a job and made money last year , do n’t I deserve a little love ?
After all , I ’m a veteran !
Is n’t there some clause in some regulation somewhere in the millions of pages of regulations that would get me a little help ?
Some fine print in the subsection of a subsection ?
Throw me a bone Barry .
How about this angle ?
A bunch of houses in my ZIP code have been foreclosed on , dramatically driving down the value of my home ( tell me that does n’t suck ) .
So the new home I bought in October ( to fit my rather large family ) has already lost about $ 100 K in value .
I mean , holy crap !
That ’s a lot of coin .
If it drops any lower wo n’t I be , technically speaking , upside down ( ignore the inconvenient fact that I only bought as much house as I could afford and the fact that I have a job and can afford the mortgage ) ?
Should n’t that get me into the bailout ?
I ’m not unsympathetic to the people who , by no fault of their own , got laid off .
But how many times are we going to bail them out on their mortgages while the rest of us pay full fare ?
Admit it Barry , a slew of these people have already had their mortgages modified in the first round of bailouts .
I did n’t cause the economic meltdown that has forced businesses across America to cut payroll .
In fact , there ’s plenty of people who deserve some blame for this economic mess we ’re in , but I ’m just not one of them .
But I do blame you Barry .
I blame you , Hank Paulson , Ben Bernanke , Timmy Geithner , AIG , Countrywide , Fannie , Freddie , Chris Dodd , Barney Frank ( and all the other sub - prime deniers in Congress ) .
And I really resent that you continue to point the finger at me and tell America that I ’m just not paying my fair share and plan on raising my taxes .
Dude , really .
I ’m no fat cat .
I actually work for a living .
In fact , I ’ve been working my entire life .
The fact that I ’ve had success has absolutely nothing with your leftist class warfare propaganda .
I did n’t , as Dick Gephardt used to say , “ win life ’s lottery . ” I ’ve earned every last nickel .
For ten years , we lived in a small townhouse despite all of the “ encouragement ” we received from bank after bank telling us that we could afford a lot more house .
It was only when we were about to have our fourth child that we made the decision to look for a bigger place .
But as with our first home , we bought within our comfort level , not what the banks told us we could afford .
You see Barry , I need to sleep at night .
I need to know that if I go through some lean financial times , that I can afford the mortgage .
I only buy what I can afford .
I have no credit card debt — that ’s right , zero .
Our only debt is our mortgage and one car payment — but of course , I own more of the car than I financed , so that ’s an asset too .
Get the picture Barry ?
I ’m not one of the people who overextended during the boom times .
I act responsibly despite the apparent stupidity of it .
So , if I lost the ability to afford the mortgage , we ’d sell and move into an apartment like the small two - bedroom apartment in which I grew up .
Yes , I know , we responsible taxpayers sound silly .
We just ca n’t seem to get this “ rights ” thing straight .
Apparently , there is a right to a house nestled somewhere in the amendments to the Constitution ( between the right to taxpayer funded healthcare and the right taxpayer funded retirement ) .
Barry , buddy , are n’t you just a little chagrined telling me , a responsible taxpayer who already pays half of my income to support all of your government spending , that I do n’t pay enough , while you ’re bailing out banks and insurance giants and all sorts of really rich guys ?
Wagging your finger at me while you ’re expanding the welfare state and adding even more debt on to the backs of my children with this insane government entitlement program you call “ healthcare reform ? ”
I could go on , but you ’d probably call me stupid and then we ’d have to do that whole beer summit thing at your place — not your house in Chicago — I ’m taking about the big white place on Pennsylvania
Ave that , correct me if I ’m wrong , is a heck of a nice loaner .
Bro , as much as I ’d like to , I just do n’t have the time to hang out and pop a cold one with you — what with work and family .
Barry , let ’s make a deal .
In light of all of this , how about calling my bank and telling them to lower my interest rate to the 1 percent rate they ’re giving me on my savings account ?
I ’ll be your BFF .
Mark Corallo is the owner of Corallo Comstock , Inc. Public Affairs in Alexandria , Va .
Obituary | 07 September 2020
Horace Basil Barlow , Fellow of the Royal Society , winner of the Australia Prize , the Royal Medal of the Royal Society and the Schwartz Prize of the Society for Neuroscience , died on 5 July 2020 at the age of 98 , 10 days after suffering a stroke .
As news spread among his former students and collaborators , one phrase recurred again and again in the messages of nostalgic reflection : ‘ the end of an era ’ .
Some time ago we got an interesting bug report for RabbitMQ .
Surprisingly , unlike other complex bugs , this one is easy to describe :
At some point basic.get suddenly starts being very slow – about 9 times slower !
Basic.get does n’t do anything complex – it just pops a message from a queue .
This behaviour was quite unexpected .
Our initial tests confirmed that we have a problem when a queue contains thousands of elements :
queue_length : 90001 basic_get 3333 times took : 1421.250ms queue_length : 83335 basic_get 3333 times took : 1576.664ms queue_length : 60004 basic_get 3333 times took : 1403.086ms queue_length : 53338 basic_get 3333 times took : 9659.434ms [ look at that !
] queue_length : 50005 basic_get 3333 times took : 9885.598ms queue_length : 46672 basic_get 3333 times took : 8562.136ms
Let me repeat that .
Usually popping a message from a queue takes Xms .
At some point , it slows down to 9 * Xms .
It turned out that the problem is with the queue : len ( ) function , which is executed during the basic .
get .
Actually , queue : len ( ) calls only erlang : length ( ) builtin .
At some point it switches to the “ slow ” mode .
Erlang: length ( ) is a builtin that iterates through a linked list and counts it ’s length .
It ’s complexity is O ( N ) , where N is the length of the list .
This function is implemented in the VM so it ’s expected to be very , very fast .
The problem is not with erlang : length ( ) being slow .
It ’s about being unpredictably slow .
Let ’s take a look at Erlang interpreter source code ( erl_bif_guard.c:erts_gc_length_1 ) .
Here ’s the main loop for erlang : length ( ) :
i=0 while ( is_list ( list ) ) { i++ ; list = CDR ( list_val ( list ) ) ; }
It does nothing unusual – it just iterates through list elements .
However , recompiling Erlang with some debugging information confirms that the problem is indeed here :
clock_gettime( CLOCK_REALTIME , &t0 ) ; while ( is_list ( list ) ) { i++ ; list = CDR ( list_val ( list ) ) ; } clock_gettime ( CLOCK_REALTIME , &t1 ) ; td_ms = TIMESPEC_NSEC_SUBTRACT( t1 , t0 ) / 1000000.0 ; if ( i > 200000 || td_ms > 2.0 ) { fprintf ( stderr , " gc_length_1 ( % p ) = % i %.3 fmsnr " , reg [ live ] , i , td_ms ) ; }
gc_length_1(0x7f4dbfa7fc19) =499999 2.221ms gc_length_1(0x7f4dbfa7fc19) =499999 2.197ms gc_length_1(0x7f4dbfa7fc19) =499999 2.208ms ( hibernation ) gc_length_1(0x7f4db0572049) =499999 13.793ms gc_length_1(0x7f4db0572049) =499999 12.806ms gc_length_1(0x7f4db0572049) =499999 12.531ms
This confirms Matthias ’ initial guess – the slowdown starts after Erlang process hibernation .
For those who are n’t Erlang experts : Hibernation is an operation that compacts an Erlang process .
It does aggressive garbage collection and reduces the memory footprint of a process to absolute minimum .
The intended result of hibernation is recovering free memory from the process .
However its side effect is a new memory layout of objects allocated on the heap .
Ah , how could I have forgotten !
The memory is nowadays slow !
What happens , is that before hibernation list elements are aligned differently , more dense .
Whereas after hibernation they are sparse .
It ’s easy to test it – let ’s count the average distance between pointers to list elements :
gc_length_1(0x7f5c626fbc19) =499999 2.229ms avg=16.000 dev=0.023 gc_length_1(0x7f5c626fbc19) =499999 3.349ms avg=16.000 dev=0.023 gc_length_1(0x7f5c626fbc19) =499999 3.345ms avg=16.000 dev=0.023 ( hibernation ) gc_length_1(0x7f5c61f7d049) =499999 13.800ms avg=136.000 dev=0.266 gc_length_1(0x7f5c61f7d049) =499999 12.726ms avg=136.000 dev=0.266 gc_length_1(0x7f5c61f7d049) =499999 12.367ms avg=136.000 dev=0.266
Confirmed !
Standard deviation is surprisingly small , so we can read the numbers as :
Before hibernation list elements are aligned exactly one after another , values are somewhere else .
After hibernation list elements are interleaved with values .
This behavior does make sense .
In most cases when you traverse the list , you actually do something with the values .
After hibernation , when you access list item , the value will be already loaded to the CPU cache .
Knowing the mechanism , it ’s easy to write a test case that reproduces the problem .
The average distance between pointers in my case is constant – the standard deviation is negligible .
This information has a practical implication – we can “ predict ” where the next pointer will be .
Let ’s use that information to “ fix ” the Erlang VM by prefetching memory !
while ( is_list ( list ) ) { i++ ; list2 = CDR ( list_val ( list ) ) ; __builtin_prefetch(( char*) list2 + 128*(( long ) list2-( long ) list ) ) ; list = list2 ; }
Test script running on original Erlang VM :
length : 300001 avg: 0.888792ms dev:0.061587ms length : 300001 avg: 0.881030 ms dev:0.040961 ms length : 300001 avg: 0.875158 ms dev:0.019436ms hibernate length : 300001 avg: 14.861762ms dev:0.150635 ms length : 300001 avg:14.833733ms dev:0.017405 ms length : 300001 avg: 14.884861ms dev:0.220119ms
Patched Erlang VM :
length : 300001 avg: 0.742822 ms dev:0.029322ms length : 300001 avg:0.739149ms dev:0.012897ms length : 300001 avg: 0.739465 ms dev:0.014417ms hibernate length : 300001 avg: 7.543693ms dev:0.284355 ms length : 300001 avg: 7.342802ms dev:0.330158 ms length : 300001 avg: 7.265960 ms dev:0.053176ms
The test runs only a tiny bit faster for the “ fast ” case ( dense conses ) and twice as fast for the “ slow ” case ( sparse conses ) .
Should this patch be merged into mainline Erlang ?
Not really .
I have set the prefetch multiplier value to 128 and I do n’t even know if it ’s optimal .
This was only an experiment .
But it was fun to see how low - level system architecture can affect high - level applications .
Deutsch - Englisch - Übersetzung für : subject : math .
äöüß ... DE <> EN DE –> EN EN –> DE ----- DE <> EN
----- DE <> BG DE <> BS DE <> CS DE <> DA DE <> EL DE <> EO DE <> ES DE <> FI DE <> FR DE <> HR DE <> HU DE <> IS DE <> IT DE <> LA DE <> NL DE <> NO DE <> PL DE <> PT DE <> RO DE <> RU DE <> SK DE <> SQ DE <> SR DE <> SV DE <> TR ----- EN <> BG EN <> BS EN <> CS EN <> DA EN <> EL EN <> EO EN <> ES EN <> FI EN <> FR EN <> HR EN <> HU EN <> IS EN <> IT EN <> LA EN <> NL EN <> NO EN <> PL EN <> PT EN <> RO EN <> RU EN <> SK EN <> SQ EN <> SR EN <> SV EN <> TR Optionen | Tipps | FAQ | Abkürzungen
Comparing a dog's mouth with a human 's mouth is sort of like comparing apples and oranges — really filthy apples and really filthy oranges .
Both species ' mouths are hot , damp places teeming with roughly equal populations of bacteria .
Neither would be described as clean , and any question of comparative cleanliness is irrelevant because so much of that bacteria is species - specific .
Most of the germs in your dog's mouth are n't going to be a problem during a big , wet doggie kiss .
You 're more likely to run into trouble kissing another human than you are a dog , because bacteria from a person 's mouth will feel equally at home in yours .
Of course , not all bacteria are species - specific .
Dogs and humans can and do transmit some germs to each other via the mouth , so if your dog is the type that likes to lick faces ( is there any other type ? ) , there are a few precautions you can take .
One , try to keep your dogs from picking up any external bacteria by keeping them out of the trashcan ( and away from rancid food ) , and away from wild animals ( lest they contract rabies ) .
Two , keep them healthy : up - to - date vaccines , good external and internal parasite control , regular teeth brushing , etc .
And then , pucker up !
While we 're at it , let 's tackle two more things we 're often told about canines : 1 ) Dogs lick their wounds and they heal very fast , and 2 ) Dogs do n't get as many cavities as humans .
There are simple explanations for both .
Licking the wounds gets rid of dead cells and dirt , just like when we wash our wounds .
The immune system takes it from there .
As for cavities , they 're largely caused by the bacteria Streptococcus mutans .
These bacteria feed on sugar , which is far more common in a human 's diet than a dog's .
Hence S. mutans prefers to live in our mouths , not Fido's .
[ This Big Question originally appeared in 2010 . ]
You do n't ask much from your mornings .
Bacon . Coffee .
A little maple syrup .
But occasionally time gets scarce , and you make sacrifices .
Heartbreaking sacrifices .
But there 's something you can do about it .
No , not getting up earlier — let 's not get crazy .
But by putting all of those things in one hot , brewed , easily consumed cup of joe .
Welcome Boca Java Maple Bacon Morning , a curiously efficient concoction that brings together syrup and bacon in roasted coffee form , available now .
Think of it as your three favorite food groups all in one place .
( Feel free to add your fourth , whiskey , on your own time . )
Just be prepared : from the moment you open the bag , your world will begin smelling of java , savory smoke and syrup , and it 's going to be intoxicating .
You might want to warn your neighbors .
In fact , once this stuff is brewing , that unmistakable potpourri of sweet , smoky coffee will only get more intense .
Then , when you finally sip , you 'll first detect a sugary ( but not sticky ) taste of syrup .
After that , you 'll get hit with a full - bodied , smoky flavor — that 's the unmistakable taste of bacon , made all the more miraculous by the curious fact that no actual bacon 's involved .
The bastards .
Not that we really mind .
Greetings methodical Fold !
Nothing beats a healthy dose of good old fashioned hard work and consistency .
- bman
CHARLOTTE , N.C. -- Michael Jordan became a basketball star at North Carolina .
Now he 'll try to turn around the state 's money - losing NBA team by becoming the first ex-player to be a majority owner in the league .
The NBA 's Board of Governors on Wednesday unanimously approved Jordan 's $ 275 million bid to buy the Charlotte Bobcats from Bob Johnson .
Jordan will take over the team immediately after serving as a minority investor with the final say on basketball decisions since 2006 .
" Purchasing the Bobcats is the culmination of my post - playing career goal of becoming the majority owner of an NBA franchise , " Jordan said in a statement .
" I am especially pleased to have the opportunity to build a winning team in my home state of North Carolina .
" I plan to make this franchise an organization that Charlotte can be proud of , and I am committed to doing all that I can to achieve this goal . "
The six - time NBA champion and five - time league MVP will be charged with turning around the fortunes of the 6 - year - old Bobcats , who are on pace to lose about $ 30 million this season because of sluggish ticket and sponsorship sales .
The 47 - year - old Jordan , who will assume about $ 150 million in debt in the deal , becomes the second black majority owner of a major pro sports team .
He replaces the first in Johnson , who paid $ 300 million for the expansion franchise , but lost tens of millions annually and saw the value of the team decline as Charlotte fans struggled to warm to the NBA again after the Hornets left for New Orleans in 2002 .
Johnson wo n't completely end his relationship with the team .
A spokeswoman for Johnson said he 'll be a minority investor in Jordan 's ownership group .
" The best decision I made since acquiring the Bobcats was to convince my friend Michael to become an investor in the Bobcats and to appoint him as managing member of basketball operations , " Johnson said in a statement .
" As the new majority owner of the Bobcats , his dedication will be stronger now more than ever . "
Commissioner David Stern predicted last week the deal would be approved easily by the league 's owners .
Stern said last week that background and financial checks on Jordan produced nothing that would stop the deal , and expressed optimism Jordan 's iconic status in this area will boost the franchise .
Jordan grew up in Wilmington , N.C. , and led North Carolina to an NCAA title with a last - second shot before starring with the Chicago Bulls .
Jordan briefly ran the Wizards basketball operations and returned as a player with Washington before being fired from his management role in 2003 .
" We are pleased that Michael Jordan 's purchase of majority ownership of the Bobcats was approved by the NBA 's Board of Governors and closed in such a smooth and expeditious fashion , " Stern said .
" We look forward to the continued growth of the Bobcats , on and off the court , under his leadership . "
The Bobcats ( 35 - 32 ) won their first game with Jordan in charge .
Sitting courtside near the Charlotte bench on Wednesday night , Jordan watched the Bobcats rally to beat Oklahoma City 100 - 92 to maintain their hold on sixth place in the Eastern Conference .
Team officials hope a playoff appearance after Jordan takes control will boost interest in the franchise , which plays in a 5 - year - old downtown arena .
" While there is still plenty of work to do both on and off the floor , our attendance , television ratings , corporate support and on -court performance are headed in the right direction , " Bobcats president Fred Whitfield said .
" That trend will only continue as Michael transitions into all facets of our business . "
Jordan , who has declined interview requests since striking a deal to buy the team on Feb. 26 , is scheduled to hold a news conference Thursday night .
In late 2001 among the people I knew , cellphones went from being a gadget of the technorati to something that everyone had .
I was living in a dorm with five roommates at the time and one consequence of the change was that we no longer ever spoke with each other ’s parents .
Previously parents had called the room line and whoever was around would pick up .
I enjoyed shooting the breeze with my friends ’ moms ( it was mostly moms who called ) and I regretted that there was no longer much opportunity to do that once cellphones allowed our parents to call each of us directly .
Ereaders today feel somewhat like cellphones just before 2001 .
They are not yet ubiquitous , but they are well past the early - adopter stage and their growth seems poised to go geometric .
When the Kindle came out in 2007 I poopooed it as the future face of reading ; the hyperactivity of the Internet just seemed like a bad match with the meditative experience of reading a book .
But the other day while watching my eight - month - old son knock around a pile of books , I knew suddenly and viscerally that I was wrong .
The clunky objects he was playing with seemed like relics .
The Millions has written previously about the externalities of e-readers .
Edan has commented on how they portend a drawing down of the public space in which we read — with the Kindle you do n’t know what the person next to you is reading , or how far along in it they are , or whether their copy of the book is dog-eared or brand new ( because it ’s neither ) .
One of the most prominent losses in this regard stands to be the loss of bookshelves .
A chief virtue of digital books is said to be their economical size — they take up no space at all !— but even a megabyte seems bulky compared to what can be conveyed in the few cubic feet of a bookshelf .
What other vessel is able to hold with such precision , intricacy , and economy , all the facets of your life : that you bake bread , vacationed in China , fetishize Melville , aspire to read Shakespeare , have coped with loss , and still tote around a copy of The Missing Piece as a totem of your childhood .
And what by contrast can a Kindle tell you about yourself or say to those who visit your house ?
All it offers is blithe reassurance that there is progress in the world , and that you are a part of it .
Of the bookshelves I ’ve inspected in my life , two stand out as particularly consequential .
The first was my mother ’s , which was built into the wall of the bedroom where she grew up .
When I would visit my grandparents in the summer I would spend hours inspecting that bookshelf .
The books were yellowed and jammed tightly together , as though my mother had known it was time to leave home once she no longer had any room left on her shelves .
In the 1960s novels , the Victorian classics , and the freshman year sociology textbooks fossilized on the bookshelf , I got the clearest glimpse I ever had of my mother as a person who existed before me and apart from me , and whose inner life was as bottomless as I knew my own to be .
And then there was my wife , whose bookshelves I first inspected in a humid DC summer , while her parents were away at work .
The shelves were stuffed full of novels — Little House on the Prairie , The Andromeda Strain , One Hundred Years of Solitude — that described an arc of discovery I had followed too .
At the time we met , her books still quivered from recent use and still radiated traces of the adolescent wonder they ’d prompted .
In the years since , on visits home for the holidays and to celebrate engagements and births , I ’ve watched her bookshelves dim and settle .
Lately they ’ve begun to resemble a type of monument I recognize from my mother ’s room .
They sit there waiting for the day when our son will be old enough to spend his own afternoons puzzling out a picture of his mother in the books she left behind .
It remains to be seen how many more generations will have the adventure of getting to know their parents in just this way .
One for sure , and maybe two , but not much beyond that I would n’t think .
To the extent that bookshelves persist , it will be in self - conscious form , as display cases filled with only the books we valued enough to acquire and preserve in hard copy .
The more interesting story , however , the open- ended , undirected progression of a life defined by books will surely be lost to a digital world in which there is no such thing as time at all .
[ Image source : David Goehring ]
A Queensland man who has to pay Nintendo $ 1.5 million in a piracy case is little more than a shy gamer who uploaded his copy of a new game on to the internet only to prove a point to friends , his father said .
But Nintendo maintains James
Burt deliberately distributed the game illegally online in order to gain acceptance with a game hacking group .
Alleged game pirate James Burt .
Burt , 24 , a part - time freight worker who still lives at home with his parents in Sinnamon Park , will be forced to pay Nintendo $ 1.5 million after an out - of - court settlement was struck to compensate the company for a claimed loss of sales revenue .
Burt uploaded a game file from the Nintendo Wii game New Super Mario Bros on to the internet on November 6 last year , a week before its official release in Australia .
Mustangforums member " luckydawg003 " was n't so lucky when he took his remote starter - equipped , manual transmission Mustang GT to Brandon Ford in Florida for some service .
They remote - started the car in gear and it ended up submerged in a holding pond .
Advertisement
2010 Ford Mustang GT
Finally , after all the teasing , the 2010 Ford Mustang GT is finally here — revealed just in time …
Read more
According to lucky , he was at the dealer to pick up his car after some warranty work when the service agent came out with some bad news .
When he was going to get the car the agent remote - started the ' Stang while it was in gear with the parking brake off .
The car fired up and took off through an empty parking spot , went under a chain link fence and powered itself into a holding pond off the dealer lot where it sank beneath the water .
Advertisement
The dealer has refused to admit responsibility for the incident claiming the lack of a neutral safety switch on the system absolves them of responsibility .
The soggy Mustang is totaled and the matter is now in the hands of the insurance companies .
What do you think ?
Does the dealership owe this guy a new car or is the Mustang owner culpable for installing a remote start system on his car without a neutral safety switch ( or for installing a remote starter on a manually equipped car in the first place ) ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
( Thanks for the tip McMike )
[ MustangForums ]
Tory parliamentary candidates have undergone training by a rightwing group whose leadership has described the NHS as " the biggest waste of money in the UK " , claimed global warming is " a scam " and suggested that the waterboarding of prisoners can be justified .
At least 11 prospective Tory candidates , an estimated seven of whom have a reasonable chance of winning their seats , have been delegates or speakers at training conferences run by the Young Britons ' Foundation , which claims to have trained 2,500 Conservative party activists .
The YBF chief executive , Donal Blaney , who runs the courses on media training and policy , has called for environmental protesters who trespass to be " shot down " by the police and that Britain should have a US - style liberal firearms policy .
In an article on his own website , entitled Scrap the NHS , not just targets , he wrote : " Would it not now be better to say that the NHS – in its current incarnation – is finished ? "
Blaney has described the YBF as " a Conservative madrasa " that radicalises young Tories .
Programmes have included trips to meet neo-conservative groups in the US and to a shooting range in Virginia to fire submachine guns and assault rifles .
The group 's close ties to the Tories were cemented this week when the Conservative party chairman , Eric Pickles , and the shadow defence secretary , Liam Fox , spoke at the annual YBF parliamentary rally at the House of Commons , which was chaired by Blaney .
The links are likely to be deeply embarrassing for the Tory leader , David Cameron , who has pledged to make the NHS his top priority if he becomes prime minister and has attempted to present his party as the choice for green voters .
The Conservatives have also talked tough on torture , with the shadow foreign secretary , William Hague , saying torture " helps terrorists justify their hostility to us " .
Jon Cruddas , a Labour MP who is heading a campaign against rightwing extremism in the election , said : " It beggars belief that the Conservative party should be so reliant for the training of some of its candidates and thousands of its young activists on an organisation headed by people with such extremist views . "
The former deputy prime minister John Prescott said : " Cameron must disown the YBF now .
This calls into question whether this organisation reflects the true face of the Tory party . "
When asked about their involvement with the YBF , Fox and Pickles both tried to distance themselves from it .
Fox , who has spoken at previous YBF events , said : " I am not endorsing them .
I was there explaining Conservative party policy on defence .
I speak to lots of organisations ; it does n't mean I support them . "
Pickles said he did not know about Blaney 's views and asked to be sent links to his blog , where many are posted .
He subsequently failed to return calls .
Conservative Central Office insists it has no official links with the YBF and does not pay it for its services , but it strongly recommends activists attend Blaney 's courses .
Since the YBF 's inception in 2003 , six other Tory frontbench spokesmen , including the shadow education secretary , Michael Gove , and the shadow arts minister , Ed Vaizey , have addressed YBF events .
Former ministers John Redwood and David Davis have spoken at YBF weekend retreats .
The group 's president , Daniel Hannan , a Conservative MEP , caused outrage last year when he described the NHS to a US television network as a 60 - year old mistake .
Writing openly on his own website , Blaney , a Kent - based solicitor , has argued that " humiliation or psychological interrogation techniques are , in my view , not a problem …
Waterboarding does n't do the prisoner any permanent physical harm although he may be reluctant to shower or use a flannel again in the future when / if he is freed . "
In October last year , when Greenpeace activists scaled the Palace of Westminster to protest against climate change policy , he called on police to " next time shoot them down … start with water cannon and if that does n't work , maybe crank it up a level or two " .
Last month , the YBF 's executive director , London barrister Matthew Richardson , told a major conference of conservative activists in Washington DC that the NHS is " the biggest waste of money in the UK " and in the same speech , he also described global warming as " a scam " .
Shortly after the Guardian asked Blaney and the Conservative party to comment on his views , the blog on which they were openly posted was placed behind password protection .
Blaney has stressed the distinction between his personal views and the position of the YBF , which he has said is a broad church open to anyone who believes in the freedom of the individual .
He has said that taking students to a firing range was an opportunity for them to experience another culture and that waterboarding is not torture under US law .
It is understood that he considers his remarks calling for police to shoot down green protestors as humour , while on healthcare he has said the NHS should provide free care for those who cannot afford insurance , while everyone else should be privately insured .
In Redis weekly update # 1 – Hashes and … many more !
Salvatore Sanfilippo ( the author of Redis ) describes the last week ’s worth of changes to Redis .
The last item is about a bug I found when setting up cross - datacenter Redis replication at Craigslist .
He describes the bug and the fix quite well , concluding with :
I ’m so happy because of this stories , involving five people willing to share their work for free , to push their knowledge forward .
This are a few of the best traits of humanity itself .
There is really something good about open source , and I ’m honored to collaborate with such great guys .
I have to say , this is exactly how Open Source is supposed to work .
He makes the source code available ( and easily forkable on github ) and actively participates on the #redis channel of the Freenode IRC network .
So even though I ’m in California and he ’s in Italy , we were able to communicate via email , the project ’s issue tracking system ( via Google Code ) , IRC , and a github pull request .
As he notes , it took a bit of time to find this bug , but the discussions we had on - line helped both of us to focus our search .
It was ultimately a single error message in one of the non-failed servers that caught my attention and focused in on the problem he describes in his post .
I can’t imagine what it ’d have been like to track this down without source code and communicating with the customer service organization of a larger software vendor .
This morning I patched our code , deployed the fix , and tested it .
So far , so good .
I expect that when Redis 1.2.6 is released in a day or two , we can be assure that nobody else will hit this bug .
Excellent .
37.288372 -121.884958
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANNOUNCE : wxHaskell for ghc - 6.12.1
Hi all , there 's a new suite of wxHaskell on hackage , http://hackage.haskell.org/package/wxdirect-0.12.1.2
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/wxcore-0.12.1.3
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/wx-0.12.1.3
If you have ghc - 6.12.1 and wxWidgets - 2.8 , a simple cabal install wx should give you wx GUI goodness .
It built fine on my openSUSE , and I do n't see any dependencies which look like they were n't unproblematically cross- platform .
Unfortunately I was a little too restrictive with the constraints on containers , so it does n't work with ghc - 6.10 , sorry .
With Californians likely to vote in November on whether to legalize marijuana , some key swing voters – Democratic and independent women – are expressing a surprising reason why they would support the initiative .
The suburban “ soccer moms ” who are likely voters have told pollsters that the measure , which would give local governments the authority to tax and regulate the sale of cannabis to adults 21 or older , would provide a safer way for their adult children to buy pot .
“ One of the scary things to some people is that their kids may be buying it from someone dangerous , ” said Ruth Bernstein , a pollster with EMC Research , an Oakland firm that has been doing polling and focus groups on behalf of the measure ’s proponents .
California already boasts some of the nation ’s most pot-friendly laws .
Possession of an ounce or less of marijuana is a misdemeanor , and those who obtain approval from a physician can grow or possess cannabis under the state ’s voter - approved 1996 medical marijuana law .
In 2001 , state voters approved a law allowing first - or second - time possession - only offenders caught with larger amounts of pot to avoid jail by requesting a treatment program instead .
The initiative , known as the Tax and Regulate Initiative , would expand those laws by allowing local governments to tax and regulate marijuana sales , increase penalties for providing marijuana to a minor , and prohibit consumption of marijuana in public , smoking marijuana while minors are present and possession of pot on school grounds .
But none of those provisions matters to law enforcement organizations and conservative religious leaders who oppose legalization on public safety and “ moral ” grounds .
Battle in the suburbs
The battleground to legalize marijuana will be in the suburbs , experts say .
“ The legalizers have yet to explain what the social betterment is by legalizing another mind - altering substance , ” said John Lovell , a lobbyist for law enforcement agencies , including the California Peace Officers ’
Association , that are opposed to legalization .
“ They ’re smoking something if they think soccer moms are going to go their way . ”
“ It ’s a moral issue , ” said Bishop Ron Allen , leader of the International Faith Based Coalition .
The former crack cocaine addict is on stop No. 14 of a tour of 100 churches that oppose the initiative .
“ Can you imagine legalizing more drugs in this area ? ” asked Allen , pastor of a south Sacramento congregation where , he says , “ there are more liquor stores than grocery stores . ”
Proponents of the measure said last month they had gathered 680,000 signatures – far more than the 433,971 required to get on the ballot – and said they will submit the signatures to the secretary of state in mid-January to be verified .
“ People generally know where they stand on this issue , ” much like how people feel about same - sex marriage , Bernstein said .
“ But there is about 15 percent in the middle that is kind of soft . ”
Some soccer moms acknowledge that it is relatively easy for even their adult children to buy pot , Bernstein said .
They have talked with their kids about the dangers of drugs and alcohol .
Twelve percent of those surveyed have smoked weed and 19 percent say a family member has , according to an EMC survey of 800 likely voters in August .
Bernstein said parents are worried about “ this scary black - market system . ”
Follow the money
Legalization advocates want to capitalize on a wave of renewed interest in legalization , much of it bolstered by a state Board of Equalization study saying that the taxing and regulating of marijuana could raise as much as $ 1.4 billion in annual revenue .
Proponents say that resonates with Californians in light of the state ’s projected $ 20.7 billion budget deficit from now through the fiscal year that begins July 1 .
In addition , an Assembly hearing will be held this month on legislation by Assemblyman Tom Ammiano , D - San Francisco , to legalize and tax marijuana in the state .
Proponents of the initiative , led by Richard Lee , owner of Oakland ’s marijuana - related Oaksterdam University and Coffeeshop Blue Sky , are stocking their campaign with top talent .
Blue State Digital – the political firm that created the groundbreaking Obama campaign Web site – created the technology for the marijuana campaign ’s online effort .
With that in place , Lee expects to raise at least $ 10 million online – “ 10 dollars from 1 million people , ” he said .
Opponents expect to raise $ 1.5 million , Lovell said .
Too soon to vote ?
But behind the scenes , some proponents of legalization worry that taking the measure to voters this year is too early .
They argue that 2012 would offer a better chance of victory in a presidential election year that would bring out more young voters .
Few major elected officials – with the exception of Ammiano and Oakland mayoral candidate and former state Senate President Pro Tem Don Perata – are expected to publicly support the initiative .
Internal polling by initiative backers puts support at about 52 percent .
Only one statewide initiative aimed at legalizing or decriminalizing marijuana has ever passed in the United States – a 2008 Massachusetts measure that replaced criminal penalties with a civil fine for possession of less than 1 ounce .
But that law is less sweeping than what ’s being proposed in California because possession and sale of pot remain illegal in Massachusetts .
The success of California ’s medical marijuana initiative is n’t a good predictor of whether voters will approve legalization , said Bruce Mirken , director of communications for the Marijuana Policy Project , an advocacy group .
Nationally , marijuana legalization initiatives have failed five times in three states – Oregon , Nevada and Alaska – since 1986 , according to the Marijuana Policy Project .
The most recent , in Nevada in 2006 , polled strong in the months before the election but received only 44 percent support of the vote .
What was the disconnect between early polling and election day ?
“ I wish I knew , ” Mirken said .
Polls show that “ people feel that that the state ’s marijuana laws are n’t working .
It ’s a matter of whether they want to make a change . ”
State pot measures
Initiatives to legalize or remove penalties for marijuana use have had little success in several states , including California .
Only a 2008 Massachusetts initiative to decriminalize marijuana , replacing criminal penalties with a civil fine for possession of under an ounce , was approved by voters .
Here is a history of statewide initiatives , with the percentage of voter support received :
Legalization
( with some regulation )
1986 : Oregon , 24 percent .
Defeated .
2000 : Alaska , 41 percent .
Defeated .
2002 : Nevada , 39 percent .
Defeated .
2004 : Alaska , 44 percent .
Defeated .
2006 : Nevada , 44 percent .
Defeated .
Removal of all penalties
( without taxation , regulation )
1972 : California , 34 percent .
Defeated .
2006 : Colorado , 41 percent .
Defeated .
Decriminalization
2008 : Massachusetts , 65 percent .
Approved .
Source : Marijuana Policy Project
– Article from the San Francisco Chronicle on January 5 , 2010 .
What would you do if you found out that you had an extremely contagious disease that required you to remain in quarantine for several months ?
If you 're like most people , you would probably cry and cry and cry ... and then curl up in the corner and commence eating your hair .
But if you were Christiaan Van Vuuren ( a.k.a. The Fully Sick Rapper ) , you would make a series of kick - ass viral rap videos that would launch you into the firmament of Internet stardom .
If you 're an avid fan of the viral video space , you 've probably seen Van Vuuren 's vids by now — among them a trio of parody rap songs that deal with being stuck in quarantine after catching a bad case of Tuberculosis .
The concept might sound rather after - school - special - esque — or , frankly , lame — to the uninitiated , but Van Vuuren 's amateur videos are a hell of a lot more entertaining than a lot of the schlock that professional comedians churn out .
Why ?
Because they 're coming from a very real place .
After seeing Van Vuuren 's raps popping up all over the Internet , Mashable sat down for an interview ( via Skype ) with the 27 - year - old Aussie , direct from his hospital room in Sydney .
( We 've embedded the video portion below for those who are n't fans of big blocks of text . )
Getting Down with the Sickness
Up until December of this past year , Christiaan Van Vuuren had a proper nine - to - five job in media sales that required him to pull a suit jacket over his tattooed arms and have lunches with clients and the like .
During one of these lunches , however , Van Vuuren started coughing up blood .
Soon after , he found himself in the hospital , where the doctor told him that he had a hole in his lung , which Van Vuuren describes as roughly the size of an Aussie 50 cent coin .
The diagnosis ?
Tuberculosis — a disease he likely contracted four years ago during time spent in South Africa .
The affliction lay dormant until a recent trip to South America .
Van Vuuren was admitted to the hospital at the start of December , and at the time he thought he would only be there for roughly two weeks .
Still , the seclusion took its toll .
" I was itching to get out , banging on the walls , " he says .
" That was when I made that first rap song , ' I 'm Not Sick , But I 'm Sick Sick . ' "
He wrote the rap and recorded it using Garage Band .
" At the start , it was just to make mates laugh , " he explains , but after friends convinced him to make a video for the song and upload it to YouTube , a local radio station covered the story , as well as Australian morning program Today .
At that point , the video had around 10,000 hits .
" I was a bit embarrassed that that many people had seen me without my shirt on and in the shower , " Van Vuuren says .
Going Viral
Van Vuuren was let out of the hospital around the first of the year , but after his condition worsened , he found himself back in quarantine , where he made his second video , " Life in Quarantine . "
This time , the video spread to the States , where it was picked up by sites like College Humor .
Currently , it has garnered more than a quarter of a million hits in less than a month .
The popularity of the video came as a shock to the former punk rocker ( Van Vuuren has a musical background , but he admits that he has n't messed around with instruments in any real capacity for five years . )
He 'd never even used Garage Band or iMovie before .
" It 's unreal , it 's giving me something to do .
I feel like I 've got a nine - to - five job now , " he says .
And that feeling of purpose had been a boon to the media man-turned - rapper .
" I 've taken my focus off of when I 'm going to get out of here and when I 'm going to be healthy , " he explains .
" I try to apply [ my energy ] more to what I can do while I 'm in here to have not wasted the time .
I think the worst thing would be — and I think it 's made me feel the worst when I 've been in here — is the whole world will keep on spinning out there and I 'm here in this room doing nothing . "
One look at Van Vuuren 's YouTube channel shows that he 's done a lot more than wallow : there 's his parody raps as well as a couple of other joke songs about his ukulele and hopeless crush on Today host Leila McKinnon , as well as his own take on MTV's Cribs and a sketch about a hospital - bound Storm Trooper .
Van Vuuren also plans to start making webisodes about his time in quarantine .
Getting Social
In addition to being a video - editing virgin , Van Vuuren also says he 's " as green as they come " when it comes to social media .
" In the industry that I work in , in media , I 've gone to these courses before where they 're talking about the power of social media , " he recalls .
" And they 're like , ' All right , let me demonstrate something :
Who of you has n't got a Facebook ? '
And I look around realize I 'm the only person in the whole room of about 140 people who has their arm up . "
That all changed after coming down with TB .
Now , Van Vuuren has a Facebook page with close to 6,000 fans , as well as a newly launched Twitter account with a burgeoning list of followers .
And , surprisingly , the trolls seem to be keeping their distance .
" I do n't know whether everyone 's just like , ' Oh , it 's so cute that he did that and he 's sick and he's in a hospital , let 's watch that !'
And then as soon as I 'm not sick anymore people are going to go , ' Uhhh , you were n't really that funny , ' " Van Vuuren says with a laugh .
Either way , he thrives off of the support this community gives him , members of which send photoshopped images of the viral star in various exotic locals and photos of themselves replicating moments from his videos .
Van Vuuren also gets more than his share of marriage proposals from fawning female fans .
" I 'm sure that 's what God helped us make the Internet for or why the Internet is here , " Van Vuuren says ( referring to his supporting fans , not the marriage proposals — per se ) .
" It 's for things like that .
Because when you 're so lonely and in such a place on your own , you can be around so many people or be supported by so many people . "
The Fully Sick Rapper
The next market is here !
The date and location are set ..
When : Saturday March 6th from 5 - 11pm
Where : 9 Langton st ( near 7th / Howard ) in SF
How : Sign up here for a free membership
This time around we ’ve got twice as many vendors , 3 times as much space ( so the lines should be shorter ) , and more great music and workshops .
Come early to avoid the lines , leave late to catch the party .
Vendors :
Pearls Kitchen - Jewish deli fare
Dontaye Ball - pulled pork
Morgan Woolley
greenheartsfamilyfarm - pastured meats
Elianna Roffman & Morgan Lee Woolley - Hawaiian baked goods
Dafna Kory - Jams from locally foraged fruits
Paawan - The ChaiCart - Hot Chai , Chai Mixes , Chai Blends
Dirk - Traditional Veggie German Sausage
James Grossman- “ Salumi ”
Alice Wilson - Jams , sweet breads , foccacia
Katy McLean & Christopher David - Macaron Parisian macaroons
Michael Christie- Real French artisinal warm Quiche
Kathy Dewitt - Herb & spice blends , sea salts
Jeff Tidwell - Krauts , kimchi and preserves
Margaret Wong - Mushroom spread & dark chocolate almond date balls
Jackie Woods - “ delightfully tasty cakes ” and cupcakes
Claudia Comerci - Flower & Healing Essences
Valerie Johnson - Multi - grain artisinal gluten free breads , granola , scones , etc
Becky Spencer - ( Urban Preserves Jams & Pickles
Erik Kamprud - Fried Chicken & Andouille Sausage gumbo & vegan gumbo
Rathsamee Ly- Laotian sausages & Nam kao
Marisol Kim - 100 % grass - fed organic beef jerky
Shakirah Simley ( Slow Jams ) - Jams , preserves , marmalades , spreads & relishes
Katherine Kirby - Granola
forageSF – wild mushrooms and other foraged goodies
Sybil Johnson ( Heartbaker ) - Baked Goods & Pastries
Jana Blankenship - Soaps , bath salts , scents , balms , candles , etc .
Roger Freely - Indian Street food & Regianal Mexican specialties
Robin Jolin - Peanut brittle , lemonade , sparking lemonade
Linh Nguyen - Vietnamese foods
JD Collins - Salsa dos gringos
Kitty Myers - Jams , marmalades , chutneys , flavored olive oil , etc
Kevin Bressani-
Beet kvass
Gabriel Mitchell - Truffles , tarts , caramels
Christina Yu - Cheescake - sweet & savory
Alexis Mian & Elena Herting - Raw , vegan , organic meals , snacks & desserts
Francisco Grajales - Vegan ( and some gluten - free ) Baked Goods
Erin Murray - Fermented Veggies
Ruza Markov- scones and such wiley rogers - honey Rana Chang - kombucha Ariana Montemayor Boris Price - demi glace kate thompson - granola kim Nguyen susan marjanovic - Raw Chocolate Mary Powell
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Uncategorized
Tags : disposable film fest , farmers market , film , food , foraged food , foragesf , party , san francisco , saturday in SF , screening , sf underground market , wild food
Victoria Police have confiscated the cars of more than 10,000 dangerous drivers since anti-hoon legislation was introduced in 2006 .
An Eltham man had the dubious honour of being the 10,000th hoon after he was clocked travelling 65 kilometres an hour over the speed limit at Doncaster last month .
The top hoon hot spots include Bendigo , Broadmeadows , Epping , and Frankston .
The average age of a hoon is 24 and most are male .
Police confiscate an average of eight vehicles a day in Victoria , often for illegal street racing , keeping them off the roads for 48 hours .
Deputy Commissioner Ken Lay says tougher laws expected to be introduced by the Victorian Government this year will help to get more hoon drivers off the road .
" This weekend we 've impounded 33 cars , " he said .
" We 've had three people die in the last 10 hours so clearly we 've still got some work to do .
" The impoundment legislation is a very important part of what we do - we know it makes a difference and we 'll continue to aggressively target these dangerous drivers on our roads . "
Police Minister Bob Cameron says most drivers whose cars have been impounded have learned their lesson .
" There will be people who reoffend , about 5 per cent , " he said .
" It 's a low number so that 's why we know the scheme works , but unfortunately there are those who will reoffend and they face higher penalties . "
One of the major storylines to come out of the Vancouver Olympics is Gary Bettman and the NHL governors forestalling the decision to allow NHL players to participate in the 2014 Olympic Games in Sochi , Russia .
Bettman said in an interview with NHL Live !:
" There 's no timetable .
The good news is this is n't a decision we have to make for a couple of years .
It 's a decision we 'll make jointly with the NHL Players '
Association , the lines of communication between ( the NHL ) and the International Ice Hockey Federation and International Olympic Committee .
We 'll work our way through this like we do so many other important decisions . "
The reaction from a fans and writers has been predictable , with SB Nation 's Zachary Zielonka summed it up nicely :
Obviously the NHL is a business and as commissioner Bettman has stated , it is difficult for his business to shut down for two weeks to accommodate the Olympic break .
Even though it may be the case , the benefits of the Olympics have to outweigh the shutdown .
Anything that gets the faces of your league on a stage that is seen by millions of people is never bad .
But have the benefits of the Olympics been tangible to the NHL ?
After all , the NHL teams must halt business for two weeks and at the same time expose their most valuable assets to injury in games that have no meaning to their ongoing operations .
At the very least , the NHL should see increases in television ratings and attendance , the two metrics that directly impact the bottom line .
Below is a chart of NHL attendance from 1987 - 2008 .
The Olympic years are in bold .
The years marked in red indicate a year - over - year decline in attendance .
Note that during Olympic years , and the years that follow , there is no perceptible " Olympic Bounce " .
Perhaps the exposure from Olympic play does n't have an immediate impact on attendance , rather , the multiple appearances in the Olympic Games have gradually built a following that can be reflected by analyzing the gate totals over time .
From 1987 - 1996 , NHL average per game attendance grew by 2,122 , or 14.71 % .
During those ten seasons , the NHL saw attendance decline twice .
In the twelve seasons since NHL : players first appeared in Nagano , per game attendance has grown by 1,264 , or 7.80 % .
During those eleven seasons , the NHL has seen attendance decline three times .
Following the 2002 Salt Lake City games , in which the United States played Canada in the championship game , attendance declined by 1 % .
An Olympic tournament hosted in North America , with a final contested by two North American teams did n't have a postive effect on North American attendance .
So the Olympics do n't have a pronounced impact on attendance , what about television ratings ?
The NHL is a gate - driven business and any additional revenue from television would certainly be worth the hassle of shuttering the business .
A glimpse at the U.S. Television ratings since 1995 does n't show much support for putting up with the hassle .
In two of three Olympic years , U.S. television Stanley Cup Finals ratings have declined from the prior year .
Overall , NBC 's television ratings of the last two years , though much higher than previous years and pushed by two Sidney Crosby appearances in the finals , have yet to approach the ratings numbers that Fox was able to generate ten years ago .
NBC 's confidence in hockey has been exposed this year as only one game , the U.S. vs. Finland semi-final , has been broadcast on NBC .
All other games , even the U.S. vs. Canada matchup during pool play has been pushed to CNBC or MSNBC .
The numbers available for analysis are North American - based and there is n't a way to judge the the effects of Olympic Hockey in European markets .
However , any positive effects of the Olympics could easily be replaced or usurped by a World Cup of Hockey , which Bettman and the IIHF have discussed .
In fact , to increase exposure , the World Cup could be held every two years , rotating through any host country with the arena capacity to handle such a tournament .
The NHL could push to follow the Soccer model and position the World Cup as International Hockey 's greatest prize , and as long as the NHL players are playing in the World Cup and not the Olympics , that push would likely work .
It 's not often that Gary Bettman is cast as a sympathetic figure , and it's not often that the NHL takes a logical , principled position .
But in the case of continuing the agreement with the IIHF for Olympic play , Bettman and the NHL have a point .
Attendance increases have been non-existent and television ratings have dropped even during Olympic years .
NBC , with a tacit agreement from the IIHF has hampered the NHL from ancillary marketing by keeping all access , coverage and marketing to themselves or severely limiting the NHL in those areas ..
The NHL through it 's NHL Network programming is limited in showing coverage , highlights , or footage , and they are limited in performing on - site coverage and interviews .
The NHL is in the unenviable position of supplying all of the talent and generating all of the buzz and is n't benefiting from the situation .
If Bettman moves forward with plans for Sochi , the IOC , IIHF and 2014 broadcast partner are going to have to address the marketing and coverage concerns .
Locking the league out of the media rights denies the NHL the long - term benefits that any organization would need in order to enter into another agreement like this .
What happens when an adult who has been blind since childhood suddenly has his vision restored ?
The experience of Virgil , a fifty - year - old Oklahoman who regained his sight after forty - five years , raises questions about perception that have haunted philosophers and scientists for centuries .
Early in October of 1991 , I got a phone call from a retired minister in the Midwest , who told me about his daughter ’s fiancé , a fifty - year - old man named Virgil , who had been virtually blind since early childhood .
He had thick cataracts , and was also said to have retinitis pigmentosa , a hereditary condition that slowly but implacably eats away at the retinas .
But his fiancée , Amy , who required regular eye checks herself , because of diabetes , had recently taken him to see her own ophthalmologist , Dr. Scott Hamlin , and he had given them new hope .
Dr. Hamlin , listening carefully to the history , was not so sure that Virgil had retinitis pigmentosa .
It was difficult to be certain at this stage , because the retinas could no longer be seen beneath the thick cataracts , but Virgil could still see light and dark , the direction from which light came , and the shadow of a hand moving in front of his eyes , so obviously there was not a total destruction of the retina .
And cataract extraction was a relatively simple procedure , done under local anesthesia , with very little surgical risk .
There was nothing to lose — and there might be much to gain .
Amy and Virgil would be getting married soon — would n’t it be fantastic if he could see ?
If , after nearly a lifetime of blindness , his first vision could be his bride , the wedding , the minister , the church !
Dr. Hamlin had agreed to operate , and the cataract on Virgil ’s right eye had been removed a fortnight earlier , Amy ’s father informed me .
And , miraculously , the operation had worked .
Amy , who began keeping a journal the day after the operation — the day the bandages were removed — wrote in her initial entry : “ Virgil can see ! . . .
Entire office in tears , first time Virgil has sight for forty years .
. . .
Virgil ’s family so excited , crying , ca n’t believe it ! . . .
Miracle of sight restored incredible ! ”
But the following day she remarked problems : “ Trying to adjust to being sighted , tough to go from blindness to sighted .
Has to think faster , not able to trust vision yet .
. . .
Like baby just learning to see , everything new , exciting , scary , unsure of what seeing means . ”
A neurologist ’s life is not systematic , like a scientist ’s , but it provides him with novel and unexpected situations , which can become windows , peepholes , into the intricacy of nature — an intricacy that one might not anticipate from the ordinary course of life .
“ Nature is nowhere accustomed more openly to display her secret mysteries , ” wrote Thomas Willis , in the seventeenth century , “ than in cases where she shows traces of her workings apart from the beaten path . ”
Certainly this phone call — about the restoration of vision in adulthood to a patient blind from early childhood — hinted of such a case .
“ In fact , ” writes the ophthalmologist Alberto Valvo , in “ Sight Restoration after Long - Term Blindness ” ( 1971 ) , “ the number of cases of this kind over the last ten centuries known to us is not more than twenty . ”
What would vision be like in such a patient ?
Would it be “ normal ” from the moment vision was restored ?
This is what one might think at first .
This is the commonsensical notion — that the eyes will be opened , the scales will fall from them , and ( in the words of the New Testament ) the blind man will “ receive ” sight .
But could it be that simple ?
Was not experience necessary to see ?
Did one not have to learn to see ?
I was not well acquainted with the literature on the subject , though I had read with fascination the great case history published in the Quarterly Journal of Psychology in 1963 by the psychologist Richard Gregory ( with Jean G. Wallace ) , and I knew that such cases , hypothetical or real , had riveted the attention of philosophers an psychologists for hundreds of years .
( There is a hint of it even in the Bible , in Mark ’s description of the miracle at Bethsaida ; for here , at first , the blind man saw “ men as trees , walking , ” and only subsequently was his eyesight fully restored . )
The seventeenth - century philosopher William Molyneux , whose wife was blind , posed the following question to his friend John Locke : “ Suppose a man born blind , and now adult , and taught by his touch to distinguish between a cube and a sphere [ be ] made to see : [ could he now ] by his sight , before he touched them . . . distinguish and tell which was the globe and which the cube ? ”
Locke considers this in his “ Essay Concerning Human Understanding ” ( 1690 ) and decides that the answer is no .
In 1709 , examining the problem in more detail , and the whole relation between sight and touch , in “ A New Theory of Vision , ” George Berkeley concluded that there was no necessary connection between a tactile world and a sight world — that a connection between them could be established only on the basis of experience .
Barely twenty years elapsed before these considerations were put to the test — when , in 1728 , an English surgeon named William Cheselden removed the cataracts from the eyes of a thirteen - year - old boy born blind .
Despite his high intelligence and youth , the boy encountered profound difficulties with the simplest visual perceptions .
He had no idea of distance .
He had no idea of space or size .
And he was bizarrely confused by drawings and paintings , by the idea of a two - dimensional representation of reality .
As Berkeley had anticipated , he was able to make sense of what he saw only gradually , and insofar as he was able to connect visual experiences with tactile ones .
It had been similar with many other patients in the two hundred and fifty years since Cheselden ’s operation : nearly all had experienced the most profound , Lockean confusion and bewilderment .
And yet , I was informed , as soon as the bandages were removed from Virgil ’s eye he saw his doctor and his fiancée , and laughed .
Doubtless he saw something — but what did he see ?
What did “ seeing ” for this previously not - seeing man mean ?
What sort of world had he been launched into ?
Virgil ( nearly all the names in this account have been changed , and some identifying details have been disguised ) was born on a small farm in Kentucky soon after the outbreak of the Second World War .
He seemed normal enough as a baby , but ( his mother thought ) had poor eyesight even as a toddler , sometimes bumped into things , seemed not to see them .
At the age of three , he became gravely ill with a triple illness — a meningitis or meningoencephalitis ( inflammation of the brain and its membranes ) , polio , and cat - scratch fever .
During this acute illness , he had convulsions , became virtually blind , paralyzed in the legs , partly paralyzed in his breathing , and , after ten days , fell into a coma .
He remained in a coma for two weeks .
When he emerged from it , he seemed , according to his mother , “ a different person ” and “ sort of dull inside ” ; he showed a curious indolence , nonchalance , passivity , seemed nothing at all like the spunky , mischievous boy he had been .
The strength in his legs came back over the next year , and his chest grew stronger , though never , perhaps , entirely normal .
His vision also recovered significantly — but his retinas were now gravely damaged .
Whether the retinal damage was caused wholly by his acute illness or perhaps partly by a congenital retinal degeneration was never clear .
In Virgil ’s sixth year , cataracts began to develop in both eyes , and it was evident that he was becoming functionally blind .
That same year , he was sent to a school for the blind , and there he eventually learned to read Braille and to become adept with the use of a cane .
But he was not a star pupil ; he was not as adventurous or aggressively independent as some blind people are .
There was a striking passivity all through his time at school — as , indeed , there had been since his illness .
Yet Virgil graduated from the school and , when he was twenty , decided to leave Kentucky , to seek training , work , and a life of his own in a city in Oklahoma .
He trained as a massage therapist , and soon found employment at a Y.M.C.A .
He was obviously good at his job , and highly esteemed , and the Y was happy to keep him on its permanent staff and to provide a small house for him across the road , where he lived with a friend , also employed at the Y.
Virgil had many clients — it is fascinating to hear the tactile detail with which he can describe them — and seemed to take a real pleasure and pride in his job .
Thus , in his modest way , Virgil made a life : had a steady job and an identity , was self - supporting , had friends , read Braille papers and books ( though less , with the years , as Talking Books came in ) .
He had a passion for sports , especially baseball , and loved to listen to games on the radio .
He had an encyclopedic knowledge of baseball games , players , scores , statistics .
On a couple of occasions , he became involved with girlfriends , and would cross the city on public transport to meet them .
He maintained a close tie with home , and particularly with his mother — he would get hampers of food regularly from the farm , and send hampers of laundry back and forth .
Life was limited , but stable in its way .
Then , in 1991 , he met Amy — or , rather , they met again , for they had known each other well twenty or more years before .
Amy ’s background was different from Virgil ’s : she came from a cultivated middle - class family , had gone to college in New Hampshire , and had a degree in botany .
She had worked at another Y in town , as a swimming coach , and had met Virgil at a cat show in 1968 .
They dated a bit — she was in her early twenties , he was a few years older — but then Amy decided to go back to graduate school in Arkansas , where she met her first husband , and she and Virgil fell out of contact .
She ran her own plant nursery for a while , specializing in orchids , but had to give this up when she developed severe asthma .
She and her first husband divorced after a few years , and she returned to Oklahoma .
In 1988 , out of the blue , Virgil called her , and , after three years of long phone calls between them , they finally met again , in 1991 .
“ All of a sudden it was like twenty years were never there , ” Amy said .
Meeting again , at this point in their lives , both felt a certain desire for companionship .
With Amy , perhaps , this took a more active form .
She saw Virgil stuck ( as she perceived it ) in a vegetative , dull life : going over to the Y , doing his massages ; going back home , where , increasingly , he listened to ballgames on the radio ; going out and meeting people less and less each year .
Restoring his sight , she must have felt , would , like marriage , stir him from his indolent bachelor existence and provide them both with a new life .
But Virgil was passive here as in so much else .
He had been sent to half a dozen specialists over the years , and they had been unanimous in declining to operate , feeling that in all probability he had no useful retinal function ; and Virgil seemed to accept this with equanimity .
But Amy disagreed .
With Virgil being blind already , she said , there was nothing to lose , and there was a real possibility , remote but almost too exciting to contemplate , that he might actually get reasonable sight back and , after forty - five years , see again .
And so Amy pushed for the surgery .
Virgil ’s mother , fearing disturbance , was strongly against it .
( “ He is fine as he is , ” she said . )
Virgil himself showed no preference in the matter ; he seemed happy to go along with whatever they decided .
Finally , in mid-September , the day of surgery came .
Virgil ’s right eye had its cataract removed , and a new lens implant was inserted ; then the eye was bandaged , as is customary , for twenty - four hours of recovery .
The following day , the bandage was removed , and Virgil ’s eye was finally exposed , without cover , to the world .
The moment of truth had finally come .
Or had it ?
The truth of the matter ( as I pieced it together later ) , if less “ miraculous ” than Amy ’s journal suggested , was infinitely stranger .
The dramatic moment stayed vacant , grew longer , sagged .
No cry ( “ I can see ! ” ) burst from Virgil ’s lips .
He seemed to be staring blankly , bewildered , without focussing , at the surgeon , who stood before him , still holding the bandages .
Only when the surgeon spoke — saying “ Well ? ” — did a look of recognition cross Virgil ’s face .
Virgil told me later that in this first moment he had no idea what he was seeing .
There was light , there was movement , there was color , all mixed up , all meaningless , a blur .
Then out of the blur came a voice that said , “ Well ? ” Then , and only then , he said , did he finally realize that this chaos of light and shadow was a face — and , indeed , the face of his surgeon .
His experience was virtually identical to that of Gregory ’s patient , S.B. :
When the bandages were removed . . . he heard a voice coming from in front of him and to one side : he turned to the source of the sound , and saw a “ blur . ”
He realized that this must be a face .
. . .
He seemed to think that he would not have known that this was a face if he had not previously heard the voice and known that voices came from faces .
The rest of us , born sighted , can scarcely imagine such confusion .
For we , born with a full complement of senses , and correlating these , one with the other , create a sight world from the start , a world of visual objects and concepts and meanings .
When we open our eyes each morning , it is upon a world we have spent a lifetime learning to see .
We are not given the world : we make our world through incessant experience , categorization , memory , reconnection .
But when Virgil opened his eye , after being blind for forty - five years — having had little more than an infant ’s visual experience , and this long forgotten — there were no visual memories to support a perception , there was no world of experience and meaning awaiting him .
He saw , but what he saw had no coherence .
His retina and optic nerve were active , transmitting impulses , but his brain could make no sense of them ; he was , as neurologists say , agnosic .
Everyone , Virgil included , expected something much simpler .
A man opens his eyes , light enters , and falls on the retina : he sees .
It is as simple as that , we imagine .
And the surgeon ’s own experience , like that of most ophthalmologists , had been with the removal of cataracts from patients who had almost always lost their sight late in life — and such patients do indeed , if the surgery is successful , have a virtually immediate recovery of normal vision , for they have in no sense lost their ability to see .
And so , though there had been a careful surgical discussion of the operation and of possible postsurgical complications , there was little discussion or preparation for the neurological and psychological difficulties that Virgil might encounter .
With the cataract out , Virgil was able to see colors and movements , to see ( but not identify ) large objects and shapes , and , astonishingly , to read some letters on the third line of the standard Snellen eye chart — the line corresponding to a visual acuity of about 20/100 , or a little better .
But though his best vision was a respectable 20 / 80 , he lacked a coherent visual field , because his central vision was poor , and it was almost impossible for the eye to fixate on targets ; it kept losing them , making random searching movements , finding them , then losing them again .
It was evident that the central , or macular , part of the retina , which is specialized for high acuity and fixation , was scarcely functioning , and that it was only the surrounding paramacular area which was making possible such vision as he had .
The retina itself presented a moth - eaten or piebald appearance , with areas of increased and decreased pigmentation — islets of intact or relatively intact retina alternating with areas of atrophy .
The macula was degenerated and pale , and the blood vessels of the entire retina appeared narrowed .
Examination , I was told , suggested the scars or residues of old disease but no current or active disease process ; and , this being so , Virgil ’s vision , such as it was , could be stable for the rest of his life .
It could be hoped , moreover ( since the worse eye had been operated on first ) , that the left eye , which was to be operated upon in a few weeks ’ time , might have considerably more functional retina than the right .
I had not been able to go to Oklahoma straightaway — my impulse was to take the next plane after that initial phone call — but had kept myself informed of Virgil ’s progress over the ensuing weeks by speaking with Amy , with Virgil ’s mother , and , of course , with Virgil himself .
I also spoke at length with Dr. Hamlin and with Richard Gregory , in England — to discuss what sort of test materials I should bring , for I myself had never seen such a case , nor did I know anyone ( apart from Gregory ) who had .
I gathered together some materials — solid objects , pictures , cartoons , illusions , videotapes , and special perceptual tests designed by a physiologist colleague , Ralph Siegel ; I phoned an ophthalmologist friend , Robert Wasserman ( we had previously worked together on the case of a color - blind painter ) , and we started to plan a visit .
It was important , we felt , not just to test Virgil but to see how he managed in real life , inside his house , outside , in natural settings and social situations ; crucial , too , that we see him as a person , bringing his own life history — his particular dispositions and needs and expectations — to this critical passage ; that we meet his fiancée , who had so urged the operation , and with whom his life was now so intimately mingled ; that we look not merely at his eyes and perceptual powers but at the whole tenor and pattern of his life .
Virgil and Amy — now newlyweds — greeted us at the exit barrier in the airport .
He was of medium height , but exceedingly fat ; he moved slowly and tended to cough and puff with the slightest exertion .
He was not , it was evident , an entirely well man .
His eyes roved to and fro , in searching movements , and when Amy introduced Bob and me he did not seem to see us straightaway — he looked toward us but not quite at us .
I had the impression , momentary but strong , that Virgil did not really look at our faces , though he smiled and laughed and listened minutely .
I was reminded of what Gregory had observed of his patient S.B. — that “ he did not find faces ‘ easy ’ objects , ” and that “ he did not look at a speaker ’s face , and made nothing of facial expressions . ”
Virgil ’s behavior was certainly not that of a sighted man , but it was n’t that of a blind man , either .
It was , rather , the behavior of one mentally blind , or agnosic — able to see but not to decipher what he was seeing .
He reminded me of an agnosic patient of mine , Dr. P. ( the man who mistook his wife for a hat ) , who , instead of looking at me , taking me in , in the normal way , made sudden strange fixations — on my nose , on my right ear , down to my chin , up to my right eye — not seeing my face as a whole .
We walked out through the crowded airport , Amy holding Virgil ’s arm , guiding him , and out to the lot where they had parked their car .
Virgil was fond of cars , and one of his first pleasures after surgery ( as with S.B. ) had been to watch them through the window of his house , to enjoy their motions , and spot their colors and shapes — their colors , especially .
He was sometimes bewildered by shapes .
“ What cars do you see ? ” I asked him as we walked through the lot .
He pointed to all the cars we passed .
“ That ’s a blue one , that ’s red — wow , that ’s a big one ! ”
Some of the shapes he found very surprising .
“ Look at that one ! ” he exclaimed once .
“ I have to look down ! ” And , bending , he felt it — it was a slinky , streamlined V - 12 Jaguar — and confirmed its low profile .
But it was only the colors and general profiles he was getting ; he would have walked past his own car had Amy not been with him .
And Bob and I were struck by the fact that Virgil would look , would attend visually , only if one asked him to or pointed something out — not spontaneously .
His sight might be largely restored , but seeing , looking , it was clear , was far from natural to him ; he still had many of the habits , the behaviors , of a blind man .
The drive from the airport to their house was a long one ; it took us through the heart of town , and it gave us an opportunity to talk to Virgil and Amy , and to observe Virgil ’s reactions to his new vision .
He clearly enjoyed movement , watching the ever - changing spectacle through the car windows , and the movement of other cars on the road .
He spotted a speeder coming up very fast behind us , and identified cars , buses ( he especially loved the bright - yellow school buses ) , eighteen - wheelers , and , once , on a side road , a slow , noisy tractor .
He seemed very sensitive to , and intrigued by , large neon signs and advertisements , and liked picking out their letters as we passed .
He had difficulty reading entire words , though he often guessed them correctly from one or two letters , or from the style of the signs .
Other signs he saw but could not read .
He was able to see and identify the changing colors of the traffic lights as we got into town .
He and Amy told us of other things he had seen since his operation , and of some of the unexpected confusions that could occur .
He had seen the moon ; it was larger than he expected .
On one occasion , he was puzzled by seeing “ a fat airplane ” in the sky — “ stuck , not moving . ”
It turned out to be a blimp .
Occasionally , he had seen birds ; they made him jump , sometimes , if they came too close .
( Of course , they did not come that close , Amy explained .
Virgil simply had no idea of distance . )
Much of their time recently had been spent shopping — there had been the wedding to prepare for , and Amy wanted to show Virgil off , tell his story to the clerks and shopkeepers they knew , let them see a transformed Virgil for themselves .
It was fun ; the local television station had aired a story about Virgil ’s operation , and people would recognize him and come up to shake his hand .
But supermarkets and other stores were also dense visual spectacles of objects of all kinds , often in bright packaging , and provided good “ exercise ” for Virgil ’s new sight .
Among the first objects he had recognized , just the day after his bandages came off , were rolls of toilet paper on display .
He had picked up a package , and given it to Amy , to prove he could see .
Three days after surgery , they had gone to an I.G.A. , and Virgil had seen shelves , fruit , cans , people , aisles , carts — so much that he got scared .
“ Everything ran together , ” he said .
He needed to get out of the store and close his eyes for a bit .
He enjoyed uncluttered views , he said , of green hills and grass — especially after the over - full , over - rich visual spectacles of shops — though it was difficult for him , Amy indicated , to connect the visual shapes of hills with the tangible hills he had walked up ; and he had no idea of perspective .
But the first month of seeing had been predominantly positive : “ Every day seems like a great adventure , seeing more for the first time each day , ” Amy had written , summarizing it , in her journal .
When we arrived at the house , Virgil , caneless , walked by himself up the path to the front door , pulled out his key , grasped the doorknob , unlocked the door , and opened it .
This was impressive — he could never have done it at first , he said — and was something he had been practicing since the day after surgery .
It was his showpiece .
But he said that in general he found walking “ scary ” and “ confusing ” without touch , without his cane , with his uncertain , unstable judgment of space and distance .
Sometimes surfaces or objects would seem to loom , to be on top of him , when they were still quite a distance away ; sometimes he would get confused by his own shadow — the whole concept of shadows , of objects blocking light , was puzzling to him — and would come to a stop , or trip , or try to step over it .
Steps , in particular , posed a special hazard , because all he could see was a confusion , a flat surface , of parallel and crisscrossing lines ; he could not see them ( although he knew them ) as solid objects going up or coming down in three - dimensional space .
Now , five weeks after surgery , he often felt more disabled than he had felt when he was blind , and he had lost the confidence , the ease of moving , that he had possessed then .
But he hoped all this would sort itself out with time .
I was not so sure ; every patient described in the literature had faced great difficulties after surgery in the apprehension of space and distance — for months , even years .
This was the case even in Valvo ’s highly intelligent patient H.S. , who had been normally sighted until , at fifteen , he was corneally scarred by a chemical explosion , and had regained his vision twenty - two years later .
He encountered grave difficulties of every kind , which he recorded , minutely , on tape :
During these first weeks [ after surgery ]
I had no appreciation of depth or distance ; street lights were luminous stains stuck to the window panes , and the corridors of the hospital were black holes .
When I crossed the road the traffic terrified me , even when I was accompanied .
I am very insecure while walking ; indeed I am more afraid now than before the operation .
We gathered in the kitchen at the back of the house , which had a large white deal table .
Bob and I laid out all our test objects — color charts , letter charts , pictures , illusions — on it , and we set up a video camera to record the testing .
As we settled down , Virgil ’s cat and dog bounded in to greet and check us — and Virgil , we noted , had some difficulty telling which was which .
This comic and embarrassing problem had persisted since he returned home from surgery : both animals , as it happened , were black - and - white , and he kept confusing them — to their annoyance — unless he could touch them , too .
Sometimes ,
Amy said , she would see him examining the cat carefully , looking at its head , its ears , its paws , its tail , and touching each part gently as he did so .
I observed this myself the next day — Virgil feeling and looking at Tibbles with extraordinary intentness , correlating the cat .
He would keep doing this , Amy remarked ( “ You ’d think once was enough ” ) , but the new ideas , the visual recognitions , kept slipping from his mind .
Cheselden described a strikingly similar scene with his young patient in the seventeen - twenties :
One particular only , though it might appear trifling , I will relate : Having often forgot which was the cat , and which the dog , he was ashamed to ask ; but catching the cat , which he knew by feeling , he was observed to look at her steadfastly , and then , setting her down , said , So , puss , I shall know you another time .
. . .
Upon being told what things were . . . he would carefully observe that he might know them again ; and ( as he said ) at first learned to know , and again forgot , a thousand things in a day .
Virgil ’s first formal recognitions when the bandages were taken off had been of letters on the ophthalmologist ’s eye chart , and we decided to test him , first , on letter recognition .
He could not see ordinary newsprint clearly — his acuity was still only about 20 /80 — but he readily perceived letters that were more than a third of an inch high .
Here he did rather well , for the most part , and recognized all the commoner letters ( at least , capital letters ) easily — as he had been able to do from the moment the bandages were removed .
How was it that he had so much difficulty recognizing faces , or the cat , and so much difficulty with shapes generally , and with size and distance , and yet had little — or at least much less — difficulty recognizing letters ?
When I asked Virgil about it , he told me that he had learned the alphabet by touch at school , where they had used letter blocks , or cutout letters , for teaching the blind .
I was much struck by this .
Moreover , as Gregory relates of S.B. , “ much to our surprise , he could even tell the time by means of a large clock on the wall .
We were so surprised at this that we did not at first believe that he could have been in any sense blind before the operation . ”
But in his blind days S.B. had used a large hunter watch with no glass , telling the time by touching the hands , andhad apparently made an instant “ cross - modal ” transfer , to use Gregory ’s term , from touch to vision .
But while Virgil could recognize individual letters easily , he could not string them together — could not read , or even see words .
I found this puzzling , for he said that they used not only Braille but English , in raised or inscribed letters , at school — and that he had learned to read fairly fluently .
Indeed , he could still easily read the inscriptions on war memorials and tombstones by touch .
But his eyes seemed to fix on particular letters , and to be incapable of the easy movement , the scanning , that is needed to read .
This was also the case with the literate H.S. :
My first attempts at reading were painful .
I could make out single letters , but it was impossible for me to make out whole words ; I managed to do so only after weeks of exhausting attempts .
In fact , it was impossible for me to remember all the letters together , after having read them one by one .
Nor was it possible for me , during the first weeks , to count my own five fingers : I had the feeling that they were all there , but . . . it was not possible for me to pass from one to the other while counting .
Further problems became apparent as we spent the day with Virgil .
He would pick up details incessantly — an angle , an edge , a color , a movement — but would not be able to synthesize them , to form a complex perception at a glance .
This was one reason the cat , visually , was so puzzling : he would see a paw , the nose , the tail , an ear , but could not see all of them together , see the cat as a whole .
Amy had commented in her journal on how even the most “ obvious ” connections — visually and logically obvious — had to be learned .
Thus ,
Amy told us , a few days after the operation “ he said that trees did n’t look like anything on earth , ” but in her entry for October 21st , a month after the operation , she noted , “ Virgil finally put a tree together — he now knows that the trunk and leaves go together to form a complete unit . ”
And , on another occasion : “ Skyscrapers strange , cannot understand how they stay up without collapsing . ”
Many — or perhaps all — patients in Virgil ’s situation had had similar difficulties .
One such patient ( described by Eduard Raehlmann , in 1891 ) , though she had had a little vision preoperatively and had frequently handled dogs , “ had no idea of how the head , legs , and ears were connected to the animal . ”
Of such difficulties , which may seem almost incomprehensible , or absurd , to the rest of us , Valvo remarks , “ The real difficulty here is that simultaneous perception of objects is an unaccustomed way to those used to sequential perception through touch . ”
We , with a full complement of senses , live in space and time ; the blind live in a world of time alone .
For the blind build their worlds from sequences of impressions ( tactile , auditory , olfactory ) , and are not capable , as sighted people are , of a simultaneous visual perception , the making of an instantaneous visual scene .
Indeed , if one can no longer see in space then the idea of space becomes incomprehensible — and this even for highly intelligent people blinded relatively late in life .
This is powerfully conveyed by John Hull in his remarkable autobiography , “ Touching the Rock , ” when he speaks of himself , of the blind , as “ living in time ” almost exclusively .
With the blind , he writes ,
this sense of being in a place is less pronounced .
. . .
Space is reduced to one ’s own body , and the position of the body is known not by what objects have been passed but by how long it has been in motion .
Position is thus measured by time .
. . .
For the blind , people are not there unless they speak .
. . .
People are in motion , they are temporal , they come and they go .
They come out of nothing ; they disappear .
Although Virgil could recognize letters and numbers , and could write them , too , he mixed up some rather similar ones ( “ A ” and “ H , ” for example ) and , on occasion , wrote some backward .
( Hull describes how , after only five years of blindness in his forties , his own visual memories had become so uncertain that he was not sure which way around a “ 3 ” went , and had to trace it in the air with his fingers . )
Still , Virgil ’s performance was an impressive one for a man who had not seen for forty - five years .
But the world does not consist of letters and numbers .
How would he do with objects and pictures ?
How would he do outside , in the real world ?
His first impressions when the bandages were removed were especially of color , and it seemed to be color , which has no analogue in the world of touch , that excited and delighted him — this was very clear from the way he spoke , and from Amy ’s journal .
( The recognition of colors and movement seems to be innate . )
It was colors to which Virgil continually alluded , the chromatic unexpectedness of new sights .
He had had Greek salad and spaghetti the night before , he told us , and the spaghetti startled him : “ White round strings , like fishing line , ” he said .
“ I thought it ’d be brown . ”
Seeing light and shape and movements , seeing colors above all , had been completely unexpected , and had had a physical and emotional impact almost shocking , explosive .
( “ I felt the violence of these sensations , ” wrote Valvo ’s patient H.S. , “ like a blow on the head .
The violence of the emotion . . . was akin to the very strong emotion I felt on seeing my wife for the first time , and when out in a car , I saw the huge monuments of Rome . ” )
We found that Virgil easily distinguished a great array of colors , and matched them without difficulty .
But , confusingly , or confusedly , he sometimes gave colors the wrong names : yellow , for example , he called pink , but he knew that it was the same color as a banana .
We wondered at first whether he could have a color agnosia or color anomia — defects of color association and color naming that are due to damage in specific areas of the brain .
But these difficulties , it seemed to us , came from lack of learning — from the fact that early and long blindness had sometimes prevented his associating colors with their names or had caused him to forget some of the associations he had made .
Such associations and the neural connections which underlay them , feeble in the first place , had become disestablished in his brain , not through any damage or disease but simply from disuse .
Although Virgil believed that he had visual memories , including color memories , from the remote past — on our drive from the airport he had spoken of growing up on the farm in Kentucky ( “ I see the creek running down the middle , ” “ birds on the fences , ” “ the big old white house ” ) — I could not decide whether these were genuine memories , visual images in his mind , or mere verbal descriptions without images ( like Helen Keller ’s ) .
How was he with shapes ?
Here matters were more complicated , because in the weeks since his surgery Virgil had been practicing shapes , correlating their look and their feel .
No such practice had been required with colors .
He had at first been unable to recognize any shapes visually — even shapes as simple as a square or a circle , which he recognized instantly by touch .
To him , a touch square in no sense corresponded to a sight square .
This was his answer to the Molyneux question .
For this reason , Amy had bought , among other things , a child ’s wooden pegboard , with large , simple blocks — square , triangle , circle , and rectangle — to be fitted into corresponding holes , and had got Virgil to practice with it every day .
Virgil found the task impossible at first , but quite easy now , after practicing for a month .
He still tended to feel the holes and shapes before matching them , but when we forbade this he fitted them together quite fluently by sight alone .
Solid objects , it was evident , presented much more difficulty , because their appearance was so variable ; and much of the past five weeks had been devoted to the exploration of objects , their unexpected vicissitudes of appearance as they were seen from near or far , or half concealed , or from different places and angles .
On the day he returned home after the bandages were removed , his house and its contents were unintelligible to him , and he had to be led up the garden path , led through the house , led into each room , and introduced to each chair .
Within a week , with Amy ’s help , he had established a canonical line — a particular line up the path , through the sitting room to the kitchen , with further lines , as necessary , to the bathroom and the bedroom .
It was only from this line , at first , that he could recognize anything — though this took a great deal of interpretation and inference ; thus , he learned , for example , that “ a whiteness to the right , ” to be seen as he came obliquely through the front door , was in fact the dining table in the next room , although at this point neither “ table ” nor “ dining room ” was a clear visual concept .
If he deviated from the line , he would be totally disoriented .
Then , carefully , with Amy ’s help , he started to use the line as a home base , making short sallies and excursions to either side of it , so that he could see the room , feel its walls and contents from different angles , and build up a sense of space , of solidity , of perspective .
As Virgil explored the rooms of his house , investigating , so to speak , the visual construction of the world , I was reminded of an infant moving his hand to and fro before his eyes , waggling his head , turning it this way and that , in his primal construction of the world .
Most of us have no sense of the immensity of this construction , for we perform it seamlessly , unconsciously , thousands of times every day , at a glance .
But this is not so for a baby , it was not so for Virgil , and it is not so for , say , an artist who wants to experience his perceptions individually and anew .
Cézanne wrote to his son , “ The same subject seen from a different angle gives a subject for study of the highest interest and so varied that I think I could be occupied for months without changing my place , simply bending more to the right or left . ”
We achieve perceptual constancy — the correlation of all the different appearances , the transforms of objects — very early , in the first months of life .
It constitutes a huge learning task , yet is achieved so swiftly and automatically that its enormous complexity is scarcely realized ( though it is an achievement that even the largest supercomputers cannot begin to match ) .
But for Virgil , with half a century of forgetting whatever visual engrams he had constructed , the learning , or relearning , of these transforms required hours of conscious and systematic exploration each day .
This first month , then , saw a systematic exploration , by sight and touch , of all the smaller things in the house : fruit , vegetables , bottles , cans , cutlery , flowers , the knickknacks on the mantelpiece — turning them round and round , holding them close to him , then at arm ’s length , trying to synthesize their varying appearances into a sense of unitary objecthood .
Despite all the vexations that trying to see could entail , Virgil had stuck with this gamely , and he had learned steadily .
He had little difficulty recognizing the fruit , the bottles , the cans in the kitchen , the different flowers in the living room , and other common objects in the house .
Unfamiliar objects were much more difficult .
When I took a blood - pressure cuff from my medical bag , he was completely flummoxed and could make nothing of it , but he recognized it immediately when I allowed him to touch it .
Moving objects presented a special problem , for their appearance changed constantly .
Even his dog , he told me , looked so different at different times that he wondered if it was the same dog .
He was utterly lost when it came to the rapid changes in others ’ physiognomies .
Such difficulties are almost universal among the early blinded restored to sight .
Gregory ’s patient S.B. could not recognize individual faces , or their expressions , a year after his eyes had been operated on , despite perfectly normal elementary vision .
What about pictures ?
Here I had been given conflicting reports about Virgil .
He was said to love television , to follow everything on it — and , indeed , a huge new TV stood in the living room , an emblem of Virgil ’s new life as a seeing person .
We tried him first on still pictures , pictures in magazines , and with those he had no success at all .
He could not see people , could not see objects — did not comprehend the idea of representation .
It was similar with Cheselden ’s young patient :
We thought he soon knew what pictures represented . . . but we found afterwards we were mistaken ; for about two months after he was couched , he discovered at once they represented solid bodies , when to that time he considered them only as party - coloured planes , or surfaces diversified with variety of paint ; but even then he was no less surprised , expecting the pictures would feel like the things they represented , . . . and asked which was the lying sense , feeling or seeing ?
Nor were things any better with moving pictures on a TV screen .
Mindful of Virgil ’s passion for listening to baseball games , we found a channel with a game in progress .
It seemed at first as if he were following it visually , because he could describe who was batting , what was going on .
But as soon as we turned off the sound he was lost .
It became evident that he himself perceived little beyond streaks of light and colors and motions , and that all the rest ( what he seemed to see ) was interpretation , performed swiftly , and perhaps unconsciously , in consonance with the sound .
How it would be with a real game we were far from sure — it seemed possible to us that he might see and enjoy a good deal — but in the representation of reality , pictorial or televisual , he was at this point completely at sea .
Virgil had now had two hours of testing , and was beginning to get tired — both visually and cognitively tired , as he had tended to do since the operation — and when he got tired he could see less and less , and had more and more difficulty making sense of what he could see .
Indeed , we were getting restless ourselves , and wanted to get out after a morning of testing .
We asked him , as a final task before going for a drive , if he felt up to some drawing .
We suggested first that he draw a hammer .
( A hammer was the first object S.B. drew . )
Virgil agreed , and , rather shakily , began to draw .
He tended to guide the pencil ’s movement with his free hand .
( “ He only does that because he ’s tired now , ” said Amy . )
Then he drew a car ( very high and old - fashioned ) ; a plane ( with the tail missing : it would have been hard put to fly ) ; and a house ( flat and crude , like a three - year - old ’s drawing ) .
When we finally got out , it was a brilliant October morning , and Virgil was blinded for a minute , until he put on a pair of dark - green sunglasses .
Even ordinary daylight , he said , seemed far too bright for him , too glary ; he felt that he saw best in quite subdued light .
We asked him where he would like to go , and after thinking for a little he said , “ The zoo . ”
He had never been to a zoo , he said , and he was curious to know how the different animals looked .
He had loved animals ever since his childhood days on the farm .
Very striking , as soon as we got to the zoo , was Virgil ’s sensitivity to motion .
He was startled , first , by an odd strutting movement ; it made him smile — he had never seen anything like it .
“ What is it ? ” he asked .
“ An emu . ”
He was n’t quite sure what an emu was , so we asked him to describe it to us .
He had difficulty , and could say only that it was about the same size as Amy — she and the emu were standing side by side at that point — but that its movements were quite different from hers .
He wanted to touch it , to feel it all over .
If he did that , he thought , he would then see it better .
But touching , sadly , was not allowed .
His eye was caught next by a leaping motion nearby , and he immediately realized — or , rather , surmised — that it must be a kangaroo .
His eye followed its motions closely , but he could not describe it , he said , unless he could feel it .
We were wondering by now exactly what he could see — and what , indeed , he meant by “ seeing . ”
In general , it seemed to us , if Virgil could identify an animal it would be either by its motion or by virtue of a single feature — thus , he might identify a kangaroo because it leaped , a giraffe by its height , or a zebra by its stripes — but he could not form any over - all impression of the animal .
It was also necessary that the animal be sharply defined against a background ; he could not identify the elephants , despite their trunks , because they were at a considerable distance and stood against a slate - colored background .
Finally , we went to the great - ape enclosure ; Virgil was curious to see the gorilla .
He could not see it at all when it was half hidden among some trees , and when it finally came into the open he thought that , though it moved differently , it looked just like a large man .
Fortunately , there was a life - size bronze statue of a gorilla in the enclosure , and we told Virgil , who had been longing to touch all the animals , that he could , if nothing else , at least examine the statue .
Exploring it swiftly and minutely with his hands , he had an air of assurance that he had never shown when examining anything by sight .
It came to me — perhaps it came to all of us at this moment — how skillful and self - sufficient he had been as a blind man , how naturally and easily he had experienced his world with his hands , and how much we were now , so to speak , pushing him against the grain : demanding that he renounce all that came easily to him , that he sense the world in a way incredibly difficult for him , and alien .
His face seemed to light up with comprehension as he felt the statue .
“ It ’s not like a man at all , ” he murmured .
The statue examined , he opened his eyes , and turned around to the real gorilla standing before him in the enclosure .
And now , in a way that would have been impossible before , he described the ape ’s posture , the way the knuckles touched the ground , the little bandy legs , the great canines , the huge ridge on the head , pointing to each feature as he did so .
Gregory writes of a wonderful episode with his patient S.B. , who had a long - standing interest in tools and machinery .
Gregory took him to the Science Museum in London to see its grand collection :
The most interesting episode was his reaction to the fine Maudeslay screw cutting lathe which is housed in a special glass case .
. . .
We led him to the glass case , which was closed , and asked him to tell us what was in it .
He was quite unable to say anything about it , except that he thought the nearest part was a handle .
. . .
We then asked a museum attendant ( as previously arranged ) for the case to be opened , and S.B. was allowed to touch the lathe .
The result was startling .
. . .
He ran his hands eagerly over the lathe , with his eyes tight shut .
Then he stood back a little and opened his eyes and said : “ Now that I ’ve felt it I can see . ”
So it was with Virgil and the gorilla .
This spectacular example of how touching could make seeing possible explained something else that had puzzled me .
Since the operation , Virgil had begun to buy toy soldiers , toy cars , toy animals , miniatures of famous buildings — an entire Lilliputian world — and to spend hours with them .
It was not mere childishness or playfulness that had driven him to such pastimes .
Through touching these at the same time he looked at them , he could forge a crucial correlation ; he could prepare himself to see the real world by learning first to see this toy world .
The disparity of scale did not matter , any more than it mattered to S.B. , who was instantly able to tell the time on a large wall clock because he could correlate it with what he knew by touch from his pocket watch .
For lunch , we repaired to a local fish restaurant , and as we ate I stole glances , from time to time , at Virgil .
He started eating , I observed , in the normal sighted fashion , accurately spearing segments of tomato in his salad .
Then , as he continued , his aim grew worse : his fork started to miss its targets , and to hover , uncertainly , in the air .
Finally , unable to “ see , ” or make sense of , what was on his plate , he gave up the effort and started to use his hands , to eat as he used to , as a blind person eats .
Amy had already told me about such relapses , and described them in her journal .
There had been similar reversions , for example , with his shaving , where he would start with a mirror , shaving by sight , with tense concentration .
Then the strokes of the razor would become slower , and he would start to peer uncertainly at his face in the mirror , or try to confirm what he half saw by touch .
Finally , he would turn away from the mirror , or close his eyes , or turn the light off , and finish the job by feel .
That Virgil should have periods of acute visual fatigue following sustained visual effort or use was scarcely surprising ; all of us have them if too much is demanded of our vision .
Something happens to my own visual system if , for instance , I look at EEGs non -stop for three hours : I start missing things on the traces , and seeing dazzling afterimages of the squiggles wherever I look — the walls , the ceiling , all over the visual field — and at this point I need to stop and do something else , or , even better , close my eyes for an hour .
And Virgil ’s visual system , by comparison with the normal one , must have been at this stage labile in the extreme .
Less easy to understand , and alarming , perhaps ominous , were long periods of “ blurriness ” — impaired vision or gnosis — lasting hours , or even days , coming on spontaneously , without obvious reason .
Bob Wasserman was very much puzzled by Virgil ’s and Amy ’s descriptions of these fluctuations ; he had been practicing ophthalmology for some twenty - five years , and removed many cataracts , but he had never encountered fluctuations of this sort .
After lunch , we all went to Dr. Hamlin ’s office .
Dr. Hamlin had taken detailed photographs of the retina right after surgery , and Bob , examining the eye now ( with both direct and indirect ophthalmoscopy ) and comparing it with the photographs , could see no evidence of any postoperative complications .
( A special test — fluorescein angiography — had shown a small degree of cystoid macular edema , but this would not have caused the rapid fluctuations that were so striking . )
Because there seemed to be no adequate local or ocular cause for these fluctuations , Bob wondered whether they could be a consequence of some underlying medical condition — we had been struck by how unwell Virgil looked as soon as we met him — or whether they could represent a neural reaction of the brain ’s visual system to conditions of sensory or cognitive overload .
It is no effort for the normally sighted to construct shapes , boundaries , objects , and scenes from purely visual sensations ; they have been making such visual constructs , a visual world , from the moment of birth , and have developed a vast , effortless cognitive apparatus for doing so .
( Ordinarily , a half of the cerebral cortex is given over to visual processing . )
But in Virgil these cognitive powers , undeveloped , were rudimentary ; the visual - cognitive parts of his brain might easily have been overwhelmed .
Brain systems in all animals may respond to overwhelming stimulation , or stimulation past a critical point , with a sudden shutdown .
Such reactions have nothing to do with the individual or his motives .
They are purely local and physiological , and can occur even in isolated slices of cerebral cortex : they are a biological defense against neural overload .
Still , perceptual - cognitive processes , while physiological , are also personal — it is not a world which one perceives or constructs but one ’s own world — and they lead to , are linked to , a perceptual self , with a will , an orientation , and a style of its own .
This perceptual self may also collapse with the collapse of perceptual systems , and alter the orientation and the very identity of the individual .
If this occurs , an individual not only becomes blind but ceases to behave as a visual being , yet offers no report of any change in inner state , is completely oblivious of his own visuality or lack of it .
Such a condition , of total psychic blindness ( known as Anton ’s syndrome ) , may occur if there is massive damage , as from a stroke , to the visual parts of the brain .
But it also seemed to occur , on occasion , with Virgil .
At such times , indeed , he might talk of “ seeing ” while in fact appearing blind and showing no visual behavior whatever .
One had to wonder whether the whole basis of visual perception and identity in Virgil was as yet so feeble that under conditions of overload or exhaustion he might go in and out of not merely physical blindness but a total Anton - like psychic blindness .
A quite different sort of visual shutdown — a withdrawal — seems to be associated with situations of great emotional stress or conflict .
And for Virgil this period was indeed as stressful a time as he had ever known : he had just had surgery , he had just been married ; the even tenor of his blind , bachelor life had been shattered ; he was under a tremendous pressure of expectation ; and seeing itself was confusing , exhausting .
These pressures had increased as his wedding day approached , especially with the convergence of his own family in town ; his family had not only opposed the surgery in the first place but now insisted that he was in fact still blind .
All this was documented by Amy in her journal :
October 9 : Went to church to decorate for wedding .
Virgil ’s vision quite blurry .
Not able to distinguish much .
It is as though sight has taken a nosedive .
Virgil acting “ blind ” again .
. . .
Having me lead him around .
October 11 : Virgil ’s family arrives today .
His sight seems to have gone on vacation .
. . .
It is as though he has gone back to being blind !
Family arrived .
Could n’t believe he could see .
Every time he said he could see something they would say , “ Ah , you ’re just guessing . ”
They treated him as though he was totally blind — leading him around , giving him anything he wanted .
. . .
I am very nervous , and Virgil ’s sight has disappeared .
. . .
Want to be sure we are doing the right thing .
October 12 : Wedding day .
Virgil very calm . . . vision little clearer , but still blurry .
. . . Could see me coming down aisle , but was very blurry .
. . .
Wedding beautiful .
Party at Mom’s .
Virgil surrounded by family .
They still cannot accept his sight , he could not see much .
Said goodbye to his family tonight .
Sight began clearing up right after they left .
Thus there seemed to be two distinct forms of “ blind behavior ” or “ acting blind ” — one a collapse of visual identity on a neurological basis , the other a massive withdrawal or regression on a strategic basis , in the face of overwhelming emotional stress .
Then again , given the extreme physiological instability of his vision , who was to know exactly what was going on ?
When a specific organic weakness exists , emotional stress can easily press toward a physical ( or psychosomatic ) form ; thus , asthmatics get asthma under stress , parkinsonians become more parkinsonian , and someone like Virgil , with borderline vision , may get pushed over the border and become ( temporarily ) blind .
It was , therefore , exceedingly difficult at times to distinguish between what was physiological and what was psychological in him — what was “ motivated behavior ” and what was physiological weakness .
Marius von Senden , reviewing every published case over a three - hundred - year period in his classic book “ Space and Sight ” ( 1932 ) , concluded that every newly sighted adult sooner or later comes to a “ motivation crisis ” — and that not every patient gets through it .
He tells of one patient who felt so threatened by sight ( which would have meant his leaving the Asylum for the Blind , and his fiancée there ) that he threatened to tear his eyes out ; he cites case after case of patients who “ behave blind ” or “ refuse to see ” after an operation , and of others who , fearful of what sight may entail , refuse operation ( one such account , entitled “ L’ Aveugle Qui Refuse de Voir , ” was published as early as 1771 ) .
Both Gregory and Valvo dilate on the emotional dangers of forcing a new sense on a blind man — how , after an initial exhilaration , a devastating ( and even lethal ) depression could ensue .
Precisely such a depression descended on Gregory ’s patient : S.B. ’s period in the hospital was full of excitement and perceptual progress .
But the promise was not fulfilled .
Six months after the operation , Gregory reports ,
we formed a strong impression that his sight was to him almost entirely disappointing .
It enabled him to do a little more . . . but it became clear that the opportunities it afforded him were less than he had imagined .
. . .
He still to a great extent lived the life of a blind man , sometimes not bothering to put on the light at night .
. . .
He did not get on well with his neighbours [ now ] , who regarded him as “ odd , ” and his workmates [ previously so admiring ] played tricks on him and teased him for being unable to read .
S.B. ’s depression deepened , he became ill , and , two years after his operation , he died .
He had been perfectly healthy , he had once enjoyed life ; he was only fifty - four .
Valvo provides us with six exemplary tales , and a profound discussion , of the feelings and behavior of early - blinded people when they are confronted with the “ gift ” of sight , and with the necessity of renouncing one world , one identity , for another .
A major conflict in Virgil , as in all newly sighted people , was the uneasy relation of touch and sight — not knowing whether to look or feel .
This was obvious in Virgil from the day of the operation , and was very evident the day we saw him , when he could hardly keep his hands off the pegboard , longed to touch all the animals , and gave up spearing his food .
His vocabulary , his whole sensibility , his picture of the world , was couched in tactile — or , at least , nonvisual — terms .
He was , or had been until his operation , a touch person through and through .
It has been well established that in congenitally deaf people ( especially if they are native signers ) some of the auditory parts of the brain are reallocated for visual use .
It has also been well established that in blind people who read Braille the reading finger has an exceptionally large representation in the tactile parts of the cerebral cortex .
And one would suspect that the tactile ( and auditory ) parts of the cortex are enlarged in the blind , and may even extend into what is normally visual cortex .
What remains of the visual cortex , without visual stimulation , may be largely undeveloped .
It seems likely that such a differentiation of cerebral development would follow the early loss of a sense and the compensatory enhancement of other senses .
If this was the case in Virgil , what might happen if visual function was suddenly made possible , demanded ?
One might certainly expect some visual learning , some development of new pathways in the visual parts of the brain .
There had never been any documentation of the kindling of activity in the visual cortex of an adult , and we hoped to take special pet scans of Virgil ’s visual cortex to show this as he learned to see .
But what would this learning , this activation , be like ?
Would it be like a baby first learning to see ?
( This was Amy ’s first thought . )
But the newly sighted are not on the same starting line , neurologically speaking , as babies , whose cerebral cortex is “ equipotential ” — equally ready to adapt to any form of perception .
The cortex of an early - blinded adult such as Virgil has already become highly adapted to organizing perceptions in time and not in space .
An infant merely learns .
This is a huge , never - ending task , but it is not one charged with irresoluble conflict .
A newly sighted adult , by contrast , has to make a radical switch from a sequential to a visual - spatial mode , and such a switch flies in the face of the experience of an entire lifetime .
Gregory emphasizes this , pointing out how conflict and crisis are inevitable if “ the perceptual habits and strategies of a lifetime ” are to be changed .
Such conflicts are built into the nature of the nervous system itself , for the early - blinded adult who has spent a lifetime adapting and specializing his brain must now ask his brain to reverse all this .
( Moreover , the brain of an adult no longer has the plasticity of a child ’s brain — that is why learning new languages or new skills becomes more difficult with age .
But in the case of a man previously blind , learning to see is not like learning another language ; it is , as Diderot puts it , like learning language for the first time . )
In the newly sighted , learning to see demands a radical change in neurological functioning and , with it , a radical change in psychological functioning , in self , in identity .
The change may be experienced in literally life - and - death terms .
Valvo quotes a patient of his as saying , “ One must die as a sighted person to be born again as a blind person , ” and the opposite is equally true : one must die as a blind person to be born again as a seeing person .
And here , blindness is no more a negative condition , a privation , than seeing .
It is a different condition , a different form of being , with its own sensibilities and coherence and feeling .
It is indeed what John Hull calls “ deep blindness . . . one of the orders of human being . ”
On October 31st , the cataract in Virgil ’s left eye was removed , and revealed a retina , an acuity , similar to the right .
This was a great disappointment , for there had been hope that it might be a far better eye — enough to make a crucial difference to his vision .
His vision did improve slightly : he fixated better , and the searching eye movements were fewer , and he had a larger visual field .
With both eyes working , Virgil now went back to work , but found , increasingly , that there was another side to seeing , that much of it was confusing , and some downright shocking .
He had worked happily at the Y for thirty years , he said , and thought he knew all the bodies of his clients .
Now he found himself startled by seeing bodies , and skins , that he had previously known only by touch ; he was amazed at the range of skin colors he saw , and slightly disgusted by blemishes and “ stains ” in skins that to his hands had seemed perfectly smooth .
( Gregory observes of S.B. , “ He also found some things he loved ugly ( including his wife and himself ! ) , and he was frequently upset by the blemishes and imperfections of the visible world . ” )
Virgil found it a relief , when giving massages , to shut his eyes .
He continued to improve , visually , over the ensuing weeks , especially when he was free to set his own pace .
He did his utmost to live the life of a sighted man , but he also became more conflicted at this time .
He expressed fears , occasionally , that he would have to throw away his cane and walk outside , cross the streets , by vision alone ; and , on one occasion , a fear that he might be “ expected ” to drive , and take up an entirely new , sighted job .
This , then , was a time of great striving and real success — but success achieved , one felt , at a psychological cost , at a cost of deepening strain and splitting in himself .
There had been one outing , a week before Christmas , when he and Amy went to the ballet .
Virgil enjoyed “ The Nutcracker ” : he had always loved the music , and now , for the first time , he saw something as well .
“ I could see people jumping around the stage .
Could n’t see what they were wearing , though , ” he said .
He thought he would enjoy seeing a live baseball game , and looked forward to the start of the season in the spring .
Christmas was a particularly festive and important time — the first Christmas after his wedding , his first Christmas as a sighted man — and he returned , with Amy , to the family farm in Kentucky .
He saw his mother for the first time in more than forty years — he had scarcely been able to see her , to see anything much , at the time of the wedding — and thought she looked “ real pretty . ”
He saw again the old farmhouse , the fences , the creek in the pasture , which he had also not seen since he was a child ; he had never ceased to cherish them in his mind .
Some of his seeing had been a great disappointment , but seeing home and family was not — it was a pure joy .
No less important was the change in the family ’s attitude toward him .
“ He seemed more alert , ” his sister said .
“ He would walk , move around the house , without touching the walls — he would just get up and go . ”
She felt that there had been “ a big difference ” since he was first operated on , and his mother and the rest of the family felt the same .
I phoned them , the day before Christmas , and spoke to his mother , his sister , and others .
They asked me to join them , and I wish I could have done so , for it seemed to be an affirmative time for them all .
The family ’s initial opposition to Virgil ’s seeing ( and perhaps to Amy , too , for having “ pushed ” it ) and their disbelief that he could actually see had been something that he internalized , something that could literally annihilate his seeing .
Now that the family was “ converted , ” a major psychological block , one hoped , might dissolve .
Christmas was the climax , but also the resolution , of an extraordinary year .
What would happen , I wondered , in the coming year ?
What might he hope for , at best ?
How much of a visual world , a visual life , might still await him ?
We were , frankly , quite unsure at this point .
Grim and frightening though the histories of so many patients were , some , at least , overcame the worst of their difficulties and emerged into a relatively unconflicted new sight .
Valvo , normally cautious in expression , lets himself go a little in describing some of his patients ’ happier outcomes :
Once our patients acquire visual patterns , and can work with them autonomously , they seem to experience great joy in visual learning . . . a renaissance of personality .
. . .
They start thinking about wholly new areas of experience .
A renaissance of personality — this was just what Amy wanted for Virgil .
It was difficult for us to imagine such a “ renaissance ” in him , for he seemed so phlegmatic , so set in his ways .
Despite a range of problems — retinal , cortical , psychological , possibly medical — he had done remarkably well in a way , had shown a steady ability to increase his power to apprehend a visual world .
There seemed no reason that , with his predominantly positive motivation , and the obvious enjoyment and advantage he could get from seeing , he should not progress further .
He could never hope to have perfect vision , but he certainly might hope for a life radically enlarged by seeing .
The catastrophe , when it came , was very sudden .
On February 8th , I had a phone call from Amy : Virgil had collapsed , had been taken , gray and stuporous , to the hospital .
He had a lobar pneumonia , a massive consolidation of one lung , and was in the intensive - care unit , on oxygen and intravenous antibiotics .
The first antibiotics used did not work : he grew worse ; he grew critical ; and for some days he hovered between life and death .
Then , after three weeks , the infection was finally mastered , and the lung started to reëxpand .
But Virgil himself remained gravely ill , for , though the pneumonia itself was clearing , it had tipped him into respiratory failure — a near - paralysis of the respiratory center in the brain , which made it unable to respond properly to levels of oxygen and carbon dioxide in the blood .
The oxygen levels in his blood started to fall — fell to less than half of normal .
And the level of carbon dioxide started to rise — rose to nearly three times normal .
He needed oxygen constantly , but only a little could be given , lest his failing respiratory center be further depressed .
With his brain deprived of oxygen and poisoned by carbon dioxide , Virgil ’s consciousness fluctuated and faded , and on bad days ( when the oxygen in his blood was lowest and the carbon dioxide highest ) he could see nothing : he was totally blind .
Much contributed to this continuing respiratory crisis : Virgil ’s lungs themselves were thickened and fibrotic ; there was advanced bronchitis and emphysema ; there was no movement of the diaphragm on one side , a consequence of his childhood polio ; and , on top of all this , he was enormously obese — obese enough to cause a Pickwickian syndrome ( named after the somnolent fat boy , Joe , in “ The Pickwick Papers ” ) .
In Pickwickian syndrome , there is a grave depression of breathing , and failure to oxygenate the blood fully , associated with a depression of the respiratory center in the brain .
Virgil had probably been getting ill for some years ; he had gradually been increasing in weight since 1985 .
But between his wedding and Christmas he had put on forty pounds — had shot up , in a few weeks , to two hundred and eighty pounds — partly from fluid retention caused by heart failure , and partly from non -stop eating , a habit of his under stress .
So he now had to spend three weeks in the hospital , his blood oxygen still plummeting to dangerously low levels , despite his being given oxygen — and each time the level grew really low he became lethargic and totally blind .
Amy would know the moment she opened his door what sort of day he was having — where the blood oxygen was — depending on whether he used his eyes , looked around , or fumbled and touched , acted blind .
( We wondered , in retrospect , whether the strange fluctuations his vision had shown from almost the day of surgery might be explained , at least in part , by fluctuations in his blood oxygen , with consequent retinal or cerebral anoxia .
Virgil could have been close to respiratory failure and anoxia even before his acute illness . )
There was another , intermediate state , which Amy found very puzzling ; at such times , he would say that he saw nothing whatever , but would reach for objects , avoid obstacles , and behave as if seeing .
Amy could make nothing of this singular state , in which he manifestly responded to objects , could locate them , was seeing , and yet denied any consciousness of it .
This condition , called implicit sight , unconscious sight , or blindsight , occurs if the visual parts of the cerebral cortex are knocked out ( as they might be by a lack of oxygen , for instance ) but the visual centers in the subcortex remain intact .
Visual signals are perceived and are responded to appropriately , but nothing of this perception reaches consciousness at all .
At last , Virgil was able to leave the hospital and return home , but to return a respiratory cripple .
He was tethered to an oxygen cylinder , and could not even stir from his chair without it .
It seemed unlikely at this stage that he would ever recover sufficiently to go out and work again , and the Y now felt that it had to terminate his job .
A few months later , he was forced to leave the house where he had lived as an employee of the Y .
This was the situation last summer : Virgil had lost not only his health but his job and his house as well .
By October , however , he was feeling better , and was able to go without oxygen for an hour or two at a time .
It had not been wholly clear to me , from speaking to Virgil and Amy , what had finally happened to his vision after all these months .
Amy said that it had “ almost gone ” but that now she felt it was coming back as he got better .
When I phoned the visual - rehabilitation center where Virgil had been evaluated , I was given a different story .
Virgil , I was told , seemed to have lost all the sight restored the previous year , with only a few bits remaining .
Kathy , his therapist , thought he saw colors but little else — and sometimes colors without objects : thus he might see a haze or halo of pink around a Pepto - Bismol bottle without clearly seeing the bottle itself .
This color perception , she said , was the only seeing that was constant ; for the rest he appeared almost blind , missed objects , groped , seemed visually lost .
He was showing his old , blind random movements of the eyes .
And yet sometimes , spontaneously , out of the blue , he would get sudden , startling moments of vision , in which he would see objects , quite small ones .
But these percepts would then “ vanish , ” as suddenly as they came , and he was usually unable to retrieve them .
For all practical purposes , she said , Virgil was now blind .
I was shocked and puzzled when Kathy told me this .
These were phenomena radically different from anything he had shown before : what was happening now with his eyes and his brain ?
From a distance , I could not sort out what was happening , especially since Amy , for her part , maintained that Virgil ’s vision was now improving .
Indeed , she got furious when she heard anyone say that Virgil was blind , and she maintained that the visual - rehab center was actually “ teaching him to be blind . ”
So in February of 1993 , a year after the onset of his devastating illness , we brought Virgil and Amy to New York , to see us again and to get some specialized physiological tests of retinal and brain function .
As soon as I met Virgil , at the arrival gate at LaGuardia Airport , I could see for myself that everything had gone quite terribly wrong .
He was now almost fifty pounds heavier than when I had met him in Oklahoma .
He was carrying a cylinder of oxygen strung over one shoulder .
He groped , his eyes wandered , he looked totally blind .
Amy guided him , her hand under his elbow , everywhere they went .
And yet sometimes as we drove over the Fifty - ninth Street Bridge into the city he would pick up something — a light on the bridge — not guessing but seeing it quite accurately .
But he could never hold it or retrieve it , and so remained visually lost .
When we came to test him in my office — first using large colored targets , then large movements and flashlights — he missed everything .
He seemed totally blind — blinder than he had been before his operations , because then , at least , even through his cataracts he could detect light , its direction , and the shadow of a hand moving before him .
Now he could detect nothing whatever , no longer seemed to have any light - sensitive receptors : it was as if his retinas had gone .
Yet not totally gone — that was the odd thing .
For once in a while he would see something accurately : once , he saw , described , grasped a banana ; on two occasions , he was able to follow a randomly moving light bar with his hands on a computer screen ; and sometimes he would reach for objects , or “ guess ” them correctly , even though he said he saw “ nothing ” at such times — the blindsight that had first been observed in the hospital .
We were dismayed at his near - uniform failure , and he was sinking into a demoralized , defeated state — it was time to stop testing and take a break for lunch .
As we passed him a bowl of fruit , and he felt the fruit with swift , sensitive , skillful fingers , his face lighted up , and he regained his animation .
He gave us , as he handled the fruit , remarkable tactile descriptions , speaking of the waxy , slick quality of the plum skin , the soft fuzz of peaches and smoothness of nectarines ( “ like a baby ’s cheeks ” ) , and the rough , dimpled skin of oranges .
He weighed the fruits in his hand , spoke of their weight and consistency , their pips and stones ; and then , lifting them to his nose , their different smells .
We included an exceedingly clever wax pear among the real fruit ; with its realistic shape and coloring , it had deceived sighted people completely .
Virgil was not taken in fora moment : he burst out laughing as soon as he touched it .
“ It ’s a candle , ” he said immediately , somewhat puzzled .
“ Shaped like a bell or a pear . ”
While he may indeed have been , in von Senden ’s words , “ an exile from spatial reality , ” he was deeply at home in the world of touch , in time .
But if his sense of touch was perfectly preserved , there were now , it was evident , just sparks from his retinas — rare , momentary sparks , from retinas that now seemed to be ninety - nine per cent dead .
Bob Wasserman , too , who had not seen Virgil since our visit to Oklahoma , was appalled at the degradation of vision , and wanted to reëxamine the retinas .
When he did so , they looked exactly as before — piebald , with areas of increased and decreased pigmentation .
There was no evidence of any new disease .
Yet the functioning of even the preserved areas of retina had fallen to almost zero .
Electroretinograms , designed to record the retina ’s electrical activity when stimulated by light , were negative , and visual evoked potentials , designed to show activity in the visual parts of the brain , were absent — there was nothing , electrically , going on in either the retinas or the brain that could be recorded .
This could not be attributed to the original disease , retinitis , which had long been inactive .
Something else had emerged in the past year and had , in effect , extinguished his remaining retinal function .
We remembered how Virgil had constantly complained of glare , even on relatively dull , overcast days — how glare seemed to blind him sometimes , so that he needed the darkest glasses .
Was it possible ( as my colleagues Kevin Halligan and Gerald Edelman suggested ) that with the removal of his cataracts — cataracts that had perhaps shielded his fragile retinas for decades — the ordinary light of day had proved lethal , burned his retinas ?
It is said that patients with other retinal problems , like maculardegeneration , may be exceedingly intolerant of light — not merely ultraviolet but light of all wavelengths — and that light may hasten the degeneration of their retinas .
Was this what had happened with Virgil ?
It was one possibility — the Halligan - Edelman hypothesis .
Should we have foreseen it , and rationed Virgil ’s sight , or the ambient light , in some way ?
Another possibility — a likelier one — related to Virgil ’s continuing hypoxia , the fact that he had not had properly oxygenated blood for a year .
We had clear accounts of his vision waxing and waning in the hospital as his blood gases went up and down .
Could the repeated , or continuing , oxygen - starving of his retinas ( and perhaps also of the visual areas of his cortex ) have been the factor that did them in ?
The extinction , in either case , seems to be irreversible .
This , then , is Virgil ’s story , the story of a “ miraculous ” restoration of sight to a blind man , a story basically similar to that of Cheselden ’s young patient in 1728 , and of a handful of others over the past three centuries — but with a bizarre and ironic twist at the end .
Gregory ’s patient , so well adapted to blindness before his operation , was first delighted with seeing , but soon encountered intolerable stresses and difficulties , found the “ gift ” transformed to a curse , became deeply depressed , and soon after died .
Almost all the earlier patients , indeed , after their initial euphoria , were overwhelmed by the enormous difficulties of adapting to a new sense ; though a very few , as Valvo stresses , have adapted and done well .
Could Virgil have surmounted these difficulties and adapted to seeing where so many others had foundered on the way ?
We shall never know , for the business of adaptation — and , indeed , of life as he knew it — was suddenly cut across by a gratuitous blow of fate : an illness that , at a single stroke , deprived him of job , house , health , and independence , leaving him a gravely sick man , unable to fend for himself .
For Amy , who incited the surgery in the first place , and who was so passionately invested in Virgil ’s seeing , it was a “ miracle ” that misfired , a calamity .
Virgil , for his part , maintains philosophically , “ These things happen . ”
But he has been shattered by this blow , has given vent to outbursts of rage : rage at his helplessness and sickness ; rage at the smashing of a promise and a dream ; and , beneath this , most fundamental of all , a rage that had been smoldering in him almost from the beginning — rage at being thrust into a battle he could neither renounce nor win .
At the beginning , there was certainly amazement , wonder , and sometimes joy .
There was also , of course , great courage .
It was an adventure , an excursion into a new world , the like of which is given to few .
But then came the problems , the conflicts , of seeing but not seeing , not being able to make a visual world , and at the same time being forced to give up his native competence — a torment from which no escape seemed possible .
But then , paradoxically , a release was given , in the form of a second and now final blindness — a blindness he received as a gift .
Now , at last , Virgil is allowed to not see , allowed to escape from the glaring , confusing world of sight and space , and to return to his own true being , the touch world that has been his home for almost fifty years .
With the single exception of Las Vegas , no city proper makes the list of substantial gainers ; American taxpayers by and large are outward bound .
But this is n't uniformly a migration to exurbs , or to traditional Sunbelt or Western destinations like Florida or Arizona .
The trails often lead north , to the lakes of Minnesota and Wisconsin ; to the foothills of northern Georgia ; to the forests of northern California ; to the fields of northern Michigan .
Cass County , Minn. , 120 miles from Minneapolis , is on the list , as is Shasta County , Calif. , 180 miles from San Francisco .
While Michigan , hard hit by auto industry cuts , is losing population overall , six of its counties are among the top gainers .
Yet the logic is not obscure :
The new destinations are precisely the places , like Archer County , that have been undervalued — whether by industry or agriculture or mass leisure or urban flight .
They are the places where you can still get something that feels like a good life , without the salary of a chief executive .
" South of the Twin Cities , it 's much richer soil , and more intense farming , and the land prices are high , " said Marty Ringham , a real estate agent who lives 80 miles north of Minneapolis in the heart of a remote boom area .
" Here the soil has more clay content , and the agricultural value is not so high .
It 's not an exact science , but we figure that the same house is about $ 1,200 cheaper for every mile you go north . "
