I invite you to join a new contest for Capizeños that encourage all College Teachers and Students of Capiz ( also know as Seafood Capital of the Philippines ) to compete for a 2 month Capiz Interschool SEO Contest period of SEO contest to reach the highest rank that can possibly achieve on Google.com HERE .
This contest is powered by Optimizedbyred.com
This contest will sh0w Capizeños their hidden talent behind SEO ( Search Engine Optimization ) and how they work together as one or as a team to be on the top of the chain .
As it start , i know many things will happen along the way while for sure it will eagerly encourage participants to win the contest .
The keyword is Hectic Capiznon Bloggers 2009 Starting date is on February 3 , 2009 ( 12:00 pm ) and will end on April 10 , 2009 ( 12:00 pm ) .
Rules can be found HERE and also the Link Requirements .
And here are the prizes :
First Prize : Php 5,000
Second Prize : Php 3,000
Third Prize : Php 2,000 Looking forward to compete my fellow Capizeños bloggers .
Hubble Views Galactic Core in Unprecedented New Detail
NASA , ESA , and Q.D. Wang ( University of Massachusetts , Amherst ) NASA , Jet Propulsion Laboratory , and S. Stolovy ( Spitzer Science Center / Caltech ) This composite color infrared image of the center of our Milky Way galaxy reveals a new population of massive stars and new details in complex structures in the hot ionized gas swirling around the central 300 light - years .
This sweeping panorama is the sharpest infrared picture ever made of the Galactic core .
It offers a nearby laboratory for how massive stars form and influence their environment in the often violent nuclear regions of other galaxies .
This view combines the sharp imaging of the Hubble Space Telescope 's Near Infrared Camera and Multi-Object Spectrometer ( NICMOS ) with color imagery from a previous Spitzer Space Telescope survey done with its Infrared Astronomy Camera ( IRAC ) .
The Galactic core is obscured in visible light by intervening dust clouds , but infrared light penetrates the dust .
The spatial resolution of the NICMOS corresponds to 0.025 light - years at the distance of the Galactic core of 26,000 light - years .
Hubble reveals details in objects as small as 20 times the size of our own solar system .
The NICMOS mosaic image represents the largest piece of sky ever mapped for one NICMOS observing program .
It was combined with a full - color Spitzer image to yield a color composite of the nuclear region .
The picture measures 300 x 115 light - years .
Outside the boundary of the NICMOS survey , the IRAC exposures ( which are 1/10th as sharp ) can be seen at wavelengths of 3.6 microns ( shown as blue ) , 4.5 microns ( shown as green ) , 5.8 microns ( shown as orange ) , and 8.0 microns ( shown as red ) .
The new NICMOS data show the glow from ionized hydrogen gas as well as a multitude of stars .
Hubble reveals an important population of stars with strong stellar winds , signified by excess emission from ionized gas at one infrared wavelength ( 1.87 microns ) compared to another slightly different wavelength ( 1.90 microns ) .
NICMOS shows a large number of these massive stars distributed throughout the region .
A new finding is that astronomers now see that the massive stars are not confined to one of the three known clusters of massive stars in the Galactic Center , known as the Central cluster , the Arches cluster , and the Quintuplet cluster .
These three clusters are easily seen as tight concentrations of bright , massive stars in the NICMOS image .
The distributed stars may have formed in isolation , or they may have originated in clusters that have been disrupted by strong gravitational tidal forces .
The winds and radiation from these stars form the complex structures seen in the core , and in some cases , they may be triggering new generations of stars .
At upper left , large arcs of ionized gas are resolved into arrays of intriguingly organized linear filaments indicating perhaps a critical role of the influence of locally strong magnetic fields .
The lower left region shows pillars of gas sculpted by winds from hot massive stars in the Quintuplet cluster .
At the center of the image , ionized gas surrounding the supermassive black hole at the center of the galaxy is confined to a bright spiral embedded within a circum - nuclear dusty inner - tube - shaped torus .
The NICMOS mosaic required 144 Hubble orbits to make 2,304 science exposures .
It was taken between February 22 and June 5 , 2008 .
The Hubble Space Telescope is a project of international cooperation between NASA and the European Space Agency ( ESA ) and is managed by NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center ( GSFC ) in Greenbelt , Md. The Space Telescope Science Institute ( STScI ) conducts Hubble science operations .
The institute is operated for NASA by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy , Inc. , Washington , D.C.STScI is an International Year of Astronomy 2009 ( IYA 2009 ) program partner .
The following is based on a lecture given at the New York Public Library in December 2008 .
1 .
Hello .
This voice I speak with these days , this English voice with its rounded vowels and consonants in more or less the right place — this is not the voice of my childhood .
I picked it up in college , along with the unabridged Clarissa and a taste for port .
Maybe this fact is only what it seems to be — a case of bald social climbing — but at the time I genuinely thought this was the voice of lettered people , and that if I did n’t have the voice of lettered people I would never truly be lettered .
A braver person , perhaps , would have stood firm , teaching her peers a useful lesson by example : not all lettered people need be of the same class , nor speak identically .
I went the other way .
Partly out of cowardice and a constitutional eagerness to please , but also because I did n’t quite see it as a straight swap , of this voice for that .
My own childhood had been the story of this and that combined , of the synthesis of disparate things .
It never occurred to me that I was leaving the London district of Willesden for Cambridge .
I thought I was adding Cambridge to Willesden , this new way of talking to that old way .
Adding a new kind of knowledge to a different kind I already had .
And for a while , that ’s how it was : at home , during the holidays , I spoke with my old voice , and in the old voice seemed to feel and speak things that I could n’t express in college , and vice versa .
I felt a sort of wonder at the flexibility of the thing .
Like being alive twice .
But flexibility is something that requires work if it is to be maintained .
Recently my double voice has deserted me for a single one , reflecting the smaller world into which my work has led me .
Willesden was a big , colorful , working - class sea ; Cambridge was a smaller , posher pond , and almost univocal ; the literary world is a puddle .
This voice I picked up along the way is no longer an exotic garment I put on like a college gown whenever I choose — now it is my only voice , whether I want it or not .
I regret it ; I should have kept both voices alive in my mouth .
They were both a part of me .
But how the culture warns against it !
As George Bernard Shaw delicately put it in his preface to the play Pygmalion , “ many thousands of [ British ] men and women … have sloughed off their native dialects and acquired a new tongue . ”
Few , though , will admit to it .
Voice adaptation is still the original British sin .
Monitoring and exposing such citizens is a national …
Former PM given Dan David award for his determination to find solutions to areas in conflict
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Tony Blair has won a prestigious million - dollar ( £ 697,000 ) prize for his leadership on the world stage , it was announced today .
The former prime minister , now a Middle East peace envoy , will receive the Dan David prize for " his exceptional leadership and steadfast determination in helping to engineer agreements and forge lasting solutions to areas in conflict " .
The award is presented by the Dan David Foundation , based at Tel Aviv University , and a spokesman for Blair said the money would be donated to the former Labour leader 's charity for religious understanding , the Tony Blair Faith Foundation .
Blair is an envoy of the international Quartet on the Middle East peace process , which comprises the US , EU , UN and Russia .
His entry as a Dan David laureate on the prize 's website hails him as " one of the most outstanding statesmen of our era " .
It praises his role in the Northern Ireland peace process and his " steadfast determination and morally courageous leadership " over Kosovo .
But there is no mention of the divisive decision to support the US - led invasion of Iraq .
Instead , the citation states : " Early in his prime ministership , he came to two beliefs that guide him to today : first , that it is a mistake for the world to wait for America to solve all of the tough questions , and second , that there are some things a state may do within its borders that justify intervention even if the actions do not directly threaten another nation 's interests . "
A condition of the award is that 10 % of the prize money is used to fund graduate students in the winner 's field .
A spokesman for the former prime minister 's office confirmed that the rest of the money would be donated to the Faith Foundation .
Three Dan David prizes are awarded every year , in past , present and future categories .
Blair has won the present award , and follows in the footsteps of former US vice - president and environmental campaigner Al Gore , who won last year 's prize .
The award will be presented in a ceremony on 17 May at Tel Aviv University .
If there are any issues on which Obama was any better than the Republicans , the twin issues of torture and detention policy might fit the bill .
He voted against the Military Commissions Act and he always decried torture .
He stands by it now : “ I was clear throughout this campaign and was clear throughout this transition that under my administration the United States does not torture .
We will abide by the Geneva Conventions .
We will uphold our highest ideals . ”
Can we trust his word ?
I ’m not so sure .
Bush often claimed to abide by the Geneva Conventions .
John McCain always claimed to oppose torture , even as he voted for and supported most of Bush ’s torture policy .
While Obama might be a bit better , if he supports the continued open - ended detention of terror suspects and enemy aliens , in effect he will not be much of an improvement on this issue .
Furthermore , anyone who supports modern war , including the bombing of civilians by the thousands , can be said to support a form of torture .
The logic and the end result are the same : Innocent people put through excruciating physical and psychological trauma for the sake of an illusory greater good of “ national security . ”
I will keep my eyes on the Obama administration and the torture regime .
I have n’t given up the possibility he will be a marginal improvement over Bush , but I would not count on it .
Well before the financial crisis , back in fact when Russia was back !
off its knees !
I wrote several extended posts identifying what I believed to be a key vulnerability of the country ’s political system .
Applying the theory advanced by North , Wallis , and Weingast ( their book is forthcoming next month ) , I argued that Russia is a “ natural state . ”
Relatedly , I analogized the Russian state to a cartel of violence specialists .
Both approaches emphasize the vital role of rents in maintaining the stability of the system .
Competing cliques ( or clans ) of violence specialists maintain an uneasy peace only because this allows them to divide rents , rents that in Russia derive primarily from natural resources , especially oil and gas .
I noted that both theories predict that the stability of this type of system is quite precarious .
More specifically , declines in rents eliminate the “ glue ” that holds the system together .
Thus , even when oil was going from $ 80 to $ 100 to $ 140 , I made the conditional predictions that when prices fall , the system would be subject to stress ; that the stress would be greater , the greater the fall in resource rents ; and that there was inherently a large probability that the system would collapse in a flurry of infighting in the event of a large decline of rents .
At the time I made the predictions , the conditions under which its predictions would be testable seemed remote , so I can not be accused of designing my theory to fit contemporary facts .
The conditions are remote no longer .
They have arrived , and in a more severe form than I would have thought reasonably likely .
So , now Russia presents a natural experiment to test my theoretical predictions .
Of course the system has not collapsed , and ardent Russophiles ( you know who you are ! ) derisively dismiss even the possibility .
We ’ll see .
I have noticed in the past several days , however , an accelerating stream of stories that suggest that inter -clan conflict is heating up in Russia .
In past days I linked to , and wrote about , stories regarding Kudrin ’s increasingly tenuous position .
Today ’s FT has another article that suggests that the heat on him is increasing dramatically .
Both Moscow mayor Luzhkov and Russian Railways head ( and silovik ) Vladimir Yakunin have publicly and viciously excoriated Kudrin .
( Interestingly , Yakunin openly called for currency controls , something that I opined might be in prospect , but which had not received widespread attention . )
According to the FT :
A senior Russian official on Tuesday called for the immediate imposition of exchange controls to ensure the foreign currency spent supporting the rouble was not taken out of the country .
The remarks from Vladimir Yakunin , the head of state - run Russian Railways and a close associate of Vladimir Putin , the prime minister , were seen as a thinly veiled attack on Alexei Kudrin , the liberal finance minister and the man behind recent efforts to defend the rouble by drawing $ 200bn ( â‚¬159bn , £ 141bn ) from the country ’s currency reserves .
Mr Yakunin said “ temporary ” restrictions should have been introduced when the central bank started defending the currency last year .
Having failed to act then , the authorities should act now , he said in an interview with the Financial Times .
“ It ’s never too late , and better late than never . ”
While Mr Yakunin did not name names , he pointed the finger at Mr Kudrin saying such measures were the “ responsibility of the fiscal authorities ” .
Mr Yakunin ’s comments come amid a growing dispute in Moscow about the huge sums lost slowing the decline in the rouble .
With foreign exchange reserves plummeting from an August peak of $ 597bn to $ 383bn this month , there is spreading unease among officials about who might be held responsible for the losses .
There are also fierce arguments between liberals and conservatives over policy , with conservatives wanting more public spending in the economy and complaining that funds have been wasted on ill - judged currency interventions .
Luzhkov blamed Kudrin for amassing large reserve funds , rather than spending money on infrastructure .
Relatedly , commentor Michel pointed me to this Forbes article :
The growing queue for state bailouts among businessmen and the resultant political infighting are the key reason why Russia has no new budget for 2009 almost two months into the year .
When the country ’s main financial document is finally ready in two or three weeks , as the Finance Ministry pledges , Kremlin watchers will have a rare chance to identify favourites by looking for cash winners in often opaque budget books .
Should there be too many lucky cash recipients , the government will be left hoping the oil price does not come down further , pushing the deficit out of control and resulting in a further devaluation of the rouble and a spike in inflation .
‘ The budget will give us an idea of who managed to win the race , ’ said Audit Chamber member and former parliamentarian Vladimir Semago , who saw Russia cut budget spending many times in the 1990s .
‘ And besides the wide road and front staircase ( for money ) to Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , we will see a narrow path , a small door and a short flight of stairs with no handrail yet to President Dmitry Medvedev , ’ said Semago .
. . . .
Russian firms , which borrowed heavily to fuel growth and must redeem over $ 100 billion in foreign debt in 2009 , were shocked when the government this month halted its $ 50 billion direct refinancing programme after disbursing only $ 11 billion .
They must go now to commercial banks .
As some of the biggest lenders will enjoy support from the anti-crisis budget , the struggling empires of the likes of aluminium tycoon Oleg Deripaska still bear hopes they wo n’t be allowed to go under .
‘ There is a lot of noise , but all the money that is being disbursed to fight the crisis ends up in 10 - 15 resource companies anyway , ’ said Alexander Lebedev , a businessman rare in his willingness to criticise the Kremlin .
This suggests to me ( and to Michel ) that the Kremlin and the RF White House recognize that there is n’t enough money to go around .
The impending social demands arising from rising unemployment and the shrinking pool of rents to spread around to the violence specialists and favored oligarchs means that Putin et al have to make choices , to cut some people and companies loose .
Put differently , Russia ’s governing elite is facing a classic lifeboat problem .
There ’s not enough food and water for everybody .
For some to survive , others are going to have to perish .
But who ?
And who decides ?
This is the situation in which cooperation turns to conflict and competition .
Nobody wants to go over the side willingly .
What is there to lose by fighting ?
Passivity leads to certain doom .
Sure , conflict is costly , and dissipates rents , but its better to survive and get a piece of a smaller pool than perish and get nothing .
So , it becomes every man for himself , and devil take the hindmost .
In the past I likened Kudrin to Horatius at the Gate , and said that if he went , there would be a free - for - all among the siloviki to grab the monies he husbanded in the seven fat years .
That would represent the watershed , the event that would accelerate the slide into conflict and chaos , as silovik battles silovik , clan battles clan to grab as much as possible as quickly as possible .
The very public attacks on Kudrin , heretofore considered a close ally of Putin suggest that day is approaching .
Now three major public attacks have been mounted against him , by the special investigator , by Yakunin , and by Luzhkov .
These people would feel bold enough to make these attacks against Kudrin unless they already sensed that he was extremely vulnerable , perhaps having lost Putin ’s confidence .
For Putin , not one to take responsibility , a scapegoat is a necessity .
And Finance Minister Kudrin is a tailor made patsy for an economic and financial crisis that is swallowing Russia whole .
( The only other alternative explanation is that these are attacks on Putin himself .
The implications of that would be even more dire . )
In sum , this is playing out pretty much as the natural state / cartel theory predicts .
Moreover , the attacks on Kudrin suggest that the climax is approaching .
Rapidly .
Jeebus this woman is an idiot .
Why not ask for a call back number to verify ?
She had to have some bud of hers call her up and recount " a story only both of them would know " .
Obama has more patience with this twit woman than I would .
From a press release sent by the Congresswoman 's office .
( mispellings are direct from release )
" Miami , Florida --- Cong .
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen thought it was a hoax when President - Elect Barak ( sic ) Obama called her twice today and she proceeded to hang up on him , twice .
" Ros -Lehtinen was working in her South Florida district when she received a call on her cell from a Chicago based phone number and an aide informed her that President - Elect Obama wished to speak to her .
A gentleman sounding like Obama introduced himself when Ros-Lehtinen cut him off and said that ' I ’m sorry but I think this is a joke from one of the South Florida radio stations known for these pranks ' and hung up .
" A short time later , Cong. and Chief of Staff designate Rahm Emmanuel ( sic ) called Ileana and stated ' Ileana , I can not believe that you hung up on the President - Elect . '
Ros-Lehtinen told Rahm that she did n’t believe the call was legitimate and hung up on Emmanuel ( sic ) .
eventually ,
The did , speak .
The Establishment Media is hyping the dire prophecy of a Russian professor that the United States will have a bloody civil war and " disintegrate , " after which the secessionist regions will be absorbed by other nations .
The Establishment Media Moral : we must patriotically embrace our federal government or face horrendous consequences .
Certainly a full - blown civil war would be hellish .
With modern weapons the casualties could exceed all our other wars .
The disruption of food production and distribution chains in our specialized economy could trigger famine .
To be imperially dominated by other nations could well mean the loss of our civil liberties .
However , our political establishment is playing a rhetorical game when it strives to link secession and civil war .
There wo n’t be a civil war if we the people support a constitutional amendment to allow the fifty states of the United States to peacefully become fifty independent nations through voluntary disunion .
And why should we do that ?
Because unlike Alexander Hamilton in his parlor - game speculations known as The Federalist Papers , we ’ve had generations of firsthand experience with the defects of federal government .
We see today that every alleged benefit that Hamilton hypothesized for federal government has been perverted in practice .
Hamilton proposed that a federal government would resist foreign domination .
In reality , our politicians prostitute our superpower military at every sufferance .
We fought one world war to make the world safe for Imperialism and another to make it safe for Communism .
Today our politicians bow to Israel , tomorrow possibly China .
Hamilton ’s strength - in - numbers argument failed during the Cold War , when our military stockpiled thousands of nuclear weapons yet still feared a first strike attack .
What if , though , Massachusetts had seceded with only ten warheads ?
Would n’t the Soviets have refrained from attacking sovereign Massachusetts for fear of losing ten of their cities ?
Disunion would protect the planet from thermonuclear destruction .
By consolidating our vast arsenal of nuclear overkill under federal command , however , we equip a lone fallible human to destroy civilization — a power we would not want in the hands of the wisest saint , and wise saints are n’t elected President .
We witnessed the crippling weakness of centralized command in the 9 - 11 attacks , when the Commander - in - Chief was too busy hiding to bother with scrambling interceptors .
And if it ca n’t protect its own headquarters from airline hijackers , what does a superpower military protect us from ?
Moving to economics , Hamilton warned in The Federalist Papers that if the states remained independent , they would enact high tariffs that would cripple prosperity .
A federal government , he asserted , would promote free trade .
That myth , of course , did n’t survive the first session of Congress .
With Congress as battlefield , every state wages perpetual economic warfare against every other state .
Our representatives legislate national tariffs ( and regulations , subsidies , and import quotas ) to benefit producers in their home states by afflicting consumers in other states , and then compete for " pork barrel " appropriations that loot the national treasury .
As one observer remarked , the attitude of the Michigan automakers in seeking a federal bailout is , “ You wo n’t buy our crummy cars , so we ’ll make you pay for them anyway . ”
Under federal subjugation , the citizens of forty - nine other states must endure such exploitation with little recourse except vengeful reciprocity .
Hamilton also claimed the national debt would encourage the wealthy to " Invest in America . "
Instead , politicians " invest " in their patrons at the country ’s expense .
Raise taxes to pay off debt , and politicians borrow more .
Hamilton called the national debt a " blessing , " but are n’t state and local debts " blessings " enough ?
Today ’s federal government infringes citizen rights far more than did the British Crown of Hamilton ’s time .
Hamilton ’s fantasies about the benevolence of an all - powerful central government may be excused as historical navet , but today anyone who insists the federal leviathan is other than maliciously imperious is either blind or bribed .
How can anyone not recognize the monster is uncontrollable , when governors must resign over petty corruption but a President deceived us into war and bankrupted the nation yet stood divinely unimpeachable — as if the ancient pagan ritualism that equated kingship with godhood never went away .
An America of sovereign states , whose governments are more human - sized , will dismiss egomaniacs who proclaim that a citizen ’s " glorious duty " is to sacrifice in " full measure " to the Federal Imperium .
Let ’s abolish the Cult of Federalism , before our wannabe - caesars can extract more of that kind of blood - drenched " glory " from us .
Today it is our corrupt federal government that drags us toward collapse .
Disunion will help us become more secure and prosperous , and affirm the ideals of liberty for which the American Revolution was fought .
To accomplish this wo n’t require civil war — just a constitutional amendment , and common sense .
The Best of Joe Schembrie
Residents of Stourbridge , West Midlands ( UK ) and surrounding villages were having a pleasant surprise when they took their milk bottles .
They would find pictures of animals , often cows or mice , carefully carved onto the glass in astonishing detail .
The artist , called by neighbors as ‘ bottle Banksy ’ , would take the used milk bottles from doorsteps and then return them after having etched elaborate pictures .
The identity of this artist was later known : Charlotte Hughes - Martin .
The ex-lecturer , who works from a studio in a former glass factory , decorated the used bottles before randomly returning them to the doorsteps .
Meet Charlotte ’s Milk Bottle Art .
' More than 1,000 killed in Gaza '
Palestinian hospitals have been overwhelmed by the number of injured Palestinian deaths in the Gaza Strip have passed 1,000 , medical sources in Gaza say , as Egypt continues efforts to broker a ceasefire .
Nearly a third of the dead are reported to be children and nearly 5,000 people have been injured .
After talks in Cairo , Hamas officials said they were happy with the broad outlines of an Egyptian initiative but that details remained to be worked out .
Israeli negotiators are to visit Cairo to discuss Egypt 's proposal .
The Ministry of Health in Gaza said 1,013 people have died in the conflict which started 19 days ago .
More than 300 of the dead are said to be children , 76 are women and more than 4,500 people have been injured , of whom 1,600 are children and 678 are women .
Thirteen Israelis have been killed , including three civilians and one soldier from rockets fired from Gaza and nine soldiers killed in fighting in Gaza .
It is impossible to independently confirm casualty figures as Israel has refused to allow international journalists to enter Gaza .
Diplomatic push Egypt has been leading efforts to broker a ceasefire , that could include a new force of peacekeepers to prevent smuggling on its border with Gaza .
After talks with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in Cairo , UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said he hoped the Egyptian initiative would show results as soon as possible .
The UN secretary general is in Jordan on the next leg of a Middle East tour before visiting Israel , the West Bank and Syria .
GAZA CRISIS BACKGROUND
In depth : Gaza conflict Q&A : Gaza conflict Who are Hamas ?
Middle East conflict : History in maps Hamas officials have also been in Cairo for talks with Egyptian negotiators .
" The movement has presented a detailed vision to the Egyptian leadership so that it ( Egypt ) can continue its pursuit to end the aggression and lift the injustice on our people in the Gaza Strip , " Hamas official Salah al - Bardawil said .
These details concerned how to ensure that border crossings into Gaza could be re-opened under international supervision , he said , and would be presented to Israeli envoys visiting Cairo on Thursday .
A senior Israeli defence official , Amos Gilad , is to travel to Cairo on Thursday , a spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said .
Earlier on Wednesday , other Hamas officials had said the Egyptian initiative had been positively received but that more time was needed to discuss it .
Aid diary : Water shortage Bowen diary : Syrian warning Gazan families : Pulling together
In pictures : Inching into Gaza Hamas , which controls Gaza , has said any ceasefire agreement would have to entail a halt to Israeli attacks , a complete withdrawal of Israeli forces and the opening of border crossings to end the blockade of Gaza .
BBC Arab affairs analyst Magdi Abdelhadi says Israel will not agree to a deal that does not guarantee an end to Hamas 's smuggling of weapons across the Egyptian border and the cessation of rocket attacks into southern Israel .
For its part , Hamas refuses to accept an agreement that could in effect spell the beginning of the end for its military wing .
Egypt and other key Arab states can put pressure on Hamas but the US remains unwilling to press Israel to make any concessions , our correspondent says .
' Seeds of extremism ' Israel launched its campaign against Gaza on 27 December , saying it wanted to end Palestinian rocket fire into Israel .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Both Hamas and Israel rejected last week 's UN Security Council resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire .
The Israeli offensive has provoked widespread international condemnation at the cost in civilian casualties .
Bolivian President Evo Morales said he was cutting relations with Israel over what he called the " genocide " in Gaza .
President Bashar al - Assad of Syria warned that Israel 's campaign would fuel extremism and terrorism in the Arab and Muslim world .
" The effect of war is more dangerous than war .
It is sowing seeds of extremism around the region , " Mr Assad said in an exclusive BBC interview .
Israeli divisions ?
On Wednesday , Israel continued to bombard the Gaza Strip and residents spoke of heavy machine - gun fire as Israeli troops fought Hamas gunmen near Gaza City .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Meanwhile , three rockets were fired from southern Lebanon towards the northern Israeli city of Kiryat Shmona , landing on open ground .
No casualties or damage were reported .
In another development , a newly - released audiotape said to feature the voice of al - Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden has called for a holy war to stop the Israeli offensive in Gaza .
The authenticity of the tape , posted on a number of Islamic militant websites , could not be independently verified .
Humanitarian concerns have increased amid the fighting , although some aid is getting through to Gaza during daily three - hour lulls Israel has allowed to let in supplies .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As in government policy in general , there are major inflection points for civil space policy , starting with the initial one a little over half a century ago when , after Sputnik , it was determined that we would have a federal civil space program and NASA was formed .
Three years later , in 1961 , it was decided that NASA would land a man on the moon in a decade , and return him safely to earth .
After Apollo , a decision was made in 1972 that we would build a fleet of space shuttles which would supposedly make space travel routine .
Despite the fact that they had not yet done so , a little over a decade later in 1984 , President Reagan declared that we would build a space station in earth orbit , using the Shuttle for construction .
In 1986 , when Challenger was lost with the first schoolteacher on board in full view of the nation , it was decided that it would no longer be official policy that the Shuttle would be the only space transportation system .
In 1989 , there was an aborted attempt at a new direction in space policy , in which the current ( for a few days more ) president ’s father said that we would go back to the moon , and on to Mars , and settle the solar system .
That idea was stillborn due to resistance from the space agency itself , which preferred to focus on its space station and Shuttle .
In 1993 , when the space station was on the verge of being canceled , it was saved by only one vote in Congress , and then only because the Clinton administration converted it to a foreign - aid program for the Russians .
This explains much of the quandary in which we remain today ; in which we are dependent on them for a lifeboat to get us to the Space Station and for actual access to it after the Shuttle retires next year , if current policy follows through .
There were no more major changes , until a year after the loss of Columbia .
Then , five years ago today and in the wake of that disaster , President George W. Bush announced that the nation was going to once again send humans beyond low earth orbit ( LEO ) .
In his words , humanity was going to go out into the cosmos .
This was in fact the biggest policy change in over three decades and since Apollo ( ignoring his father ’s aborted attempt in 1989 ) , when all human ventures beyond LEO had been shut down .
But this time , the president had a Congress of his own party and a sense of urgency arising from the Columbia disaster .
The loss of the second Shuttle orbiter , with only three left in the aging and irreplaceable fleet , dictated a change in direction .
So the new plans — to retire the Shuttle by 2010 ( a date dictated primarily by the completion of the space station , for which it was essential ) , and to replace it with a “ Crew Exploration Vehicle , ” which ( while not really replacing it , not having the payload or return capability ) would be able to go back to the moon , and ( at least in theory ) to “ Mars and beyond , ” became the new national space policy .
As part of the new policy , a commission was formed , led by industry veteran Edward Aldridge , former head of the Aerospace Corporation and undersecretary of defense .
Less than a year after the announcement , it issued its report , which recommended that NASA implement a program that was ( unlike Apollo ) “ affordable and sustainable , ” and that it support national security goals and involve private enterprise and international partners .
A little over a year after the announcement , in the spring of 2005 , Dr. Michael Griffin , another industry veteran with multiple graduate degrees in engineering and management , was brought in to lead NASA in the new policy direction .
So , five years after the president ’s announcement , how is it going ?
I would have to say , not well .
The new administrator came into the agency with his own ideas about what a launch architecture for the new goals should look like .
While there are claims that they analyzed all the alternatives being studied at the time , the agency has never provided any significant details of its trade studies that supposedly support the decision to go exactly in the direction that the administrator wanted to go before he arrived : an Apollo - like crew system named “ Orion , ” and a new launch vehicle named “ Ares , ” ostensibly derived from the Shuttle .
Even ignoring the fact that there are some fundamental design issues with the launch vehicle ( such as its unfortunate tendency to shake itself and the crew apart during launch and potential to drift into the tower immediately after ignition ) , the problem arises in the fact that Dr. Griffin himself characterized it as “ Apollo on Steroids ” when he introduced it .
Apollo had none of the characteristics recommended by the Aldridge Commission — it was neither affordable or sustainable , and it contributed in no way to private enterprise or international cooperation ( with the exception of the last flight , the Apollo - Soyuz Test Project ) .
Its only contribution to national security was in winning the space race during the Cold War , but there is no manned space race today on which national security hinges .
In addition , the technical and budgetary issues have caused the schedule to slip out to 2015 for its first flight , increasing the so - called “ gap ” between the end of the Shuttle and a new government means of getting American astronauts to space .
As I ’ve pointed out before , it is not what we need to become a spacefaring nation .
But Dr. Griffin remains adamant that it is the right choice , defending it as recently as this past Friday , but still not satisfying the critics , including yours truly .
He has expressed interest in staying on as administrator in the new administration , but only if he can continue down the path that he has started .
Apparently , despite a desperation petition drive and email campaign by his friends and family , while the administration has been willing to keep some key Bush appointees — most notably Defense Secretary Gates — it has no interest in retaining the NASA administrator .
There is no evidence that it wants to retain his launch architecture either , though there has been no statement either way .
Regardless , Friday is his last day at the agency , and no replacement has yet been announced , though there is speculation about candidates .
But Mike Griffin ’s departure , and even the end of his vehicle designs , does n’t necessarily mean the end of the Vision for Space Exploration .
The two are not synonymous , though many supporters of the current plans would like people to think they are .
The vision is n’t about any specific vehicle concept , or even any specific destination , even though many talk about it as the “ Moon program , ” or the “ Mars program . ”
Regardless of implementation , it was never any more — or any less — than establishing a national goal , for the first time since Apollo , to once again send humans beyond low earth orbit .
All else is simply details .
There are many ways to do it , and perhaps the new administration and administrator will be more imaginative in doing it in an affordable way that permits much more activity , instead of redoing what we did forty years ago .
The money currently being spent on redundant dedicated launch vehicles for the space agency could finally be invested in actual space exploration hardware , such as earth departure stages , lunar landers , and even propellant depots , and leave the earth - to - orbit task to private enterprise .
The money spent on the Ares program to date may have been money wasted , but ultimately , it likely would have been anyway .
If we can get off a wrong path , it ’s better that it is done sooner than later , even after five years .
And more inclusive alternatives that finally harnesses private enterprise , and innovative infrastructure on orbit , could enable not just NASA astronauts to go to the moon , but finally the rest of us as well , which would be much more in keeping with the vision .
The CurrencyShares products are intended to offer investors a new and different opportunity to participate in the foreign currency market through an investment in securities .
Historically , the logistics and expense of investing in foreign exchange have been a barrier to entry for many investors .
The CurrencyShares products are aimed at overcoming the barriers to entry .
A prospective purchaser of CurrencyShares should not encounter any tasks or costs beyond those associated with purchasing another publicly - traded equity security .
CurrencyShares are intended to provide institutional and retail investors with a simple , cost - effective means of gaining potential investment benefits similar to those of holding foreign currency .
An investment in CurrencyShares may help to balance a portfolio or help protect against currency swings , thereby reducing overall risk potential .
All forms of investment , however , carry some degree of risk .
Investing in CurrencyShares carries the same risks as investing directly in foreign currency .
Investors may wish to invest in foreign currency in order to take advantage of short - term tactical or long - term strategic opportunities .
From a tactical perspective , an investor that believes that the U.S. dollar is weakening relative to a particular foreign currency may choose to buy shares of that particular Currency Shares trust in order to capitalize on the potential movement .
An investor that believes that a particular foreign currency is overvalued relative to the U.S. dollar may choose to sell shares of that particular Currency Shares trust .
From a strategic standpoint , since currency movements can affect returns on cross - border investments and businesses , both individual investors and businesses may choose to hedge their currency risk through the purchase or sale of foreign currency .
For example , in the case where a U.S. investor has a portfolio consisting of European equity and fixed income securities , the investor may decide to hedge the currency exposure that exists within the European portfolio by selling an appropriate amount of shares of the CurrencyShares Euro trust .
Such sales may include short sales in accordance with applicable Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) regulations .
In doing this , the U.S. investor may be able to mitigate the impact that changes in exchange rates have on the returns associated with the European equity and fixed income components of the portfolio .
Similarly , a business that has currency exposure because it manufactures or sells its products abroad is exposed to exchange rate risk .
Buying or selling shares of one or more CurrencyShares trusts in appropriate amounts may reduce the business 's exchange rate risk .
More generally , investors that wish to diversify their investment portfolios with a wider range of non-correlative investments may desire to invest in foreign currencies .
Non-correlative asset classes , such as foreign currencies , are often used to enhance investment portfolios by making them more consistent and less volatile .
Less volatility means lower risk and closer proximity to an expected return .
Risks to consider
The value of the shares of each CurrencyShares trust is tied to the value of a specific currency that is held by the trust .
Fluctuations in the price of the currency could materially and adversely affect the value of the applicable trust 's shares .
Several factors may affect the price of foreign currency relative to the U.S. dollar including :
National debt levels and trade deficits
Domestic and foreign inflation rates and investors ' expectations concerning inflation rates
Domestic and foreign interest rates and investors ' expectations concerning interest rates
Investment and trading activities of mutual funds , hedge funds and currency funds ; and
Global or regional political , economic or financial events and situations
In addition , the currency in any CurrencyShares trust may not maintain its long - term value in terms of purchasing power in the future .
When the price of the currency declines , the price of a share would likely decline as well .
Each prospectus contains more complete information about the specific Currency Shares trust .
Investors should carefully consider the investment objectives , risks , charges and expenses of each Currency Shares trust before investing .
The risks associated with each of the CurrencyShares trusts , as well as other considerations .
For a more complete discussion of risk factors applicable to each CurrencyShares trust , carefully read the particular trust 's prospectus .
New Photos of Jolie - Pitt Twins
andwere spotted in Tokyo on Tuesday with their entire brood , including twins Knox and Vivienne .
The Jolie - Pitts arrived at the Narita International Airport in Tokyo just two days after walking the red carpet at the SAG Awards .
Angelina carried Vivienne and Brad carried Knox , while Maddox , 7 , Zahara , 4 , Pax , 5 , and Shiloh , 2 , walked alongside their parents .
The family will be settling into a $ 60 million Long Island residence in March , while Angelina films the spy thriller " Salt .
Many more new photos of the Jolie - Pitt family at Us magazine .
photos : Jun Sato for WireImage via
Us magazine
OLPC discontinues “ Change the World ”
In a stunning moment of irony , OLPC has discontinued “ Change the World ” .
In an email that leaked out onto the grassroots mailing list , OLPC quietly announced the end of the “ Change the World ” program previously known as “ Give Many ” , where you could buy 100 or 1000 XOs for the school of your choice .
Here ’s the relevant excerpt :
> Unfortunately , as some of you might have heard " Change the World " aka " Give > a School " aka " Give 100 , Give 1000 " will cease to exist .
We are just waiting > for the info to be taken off the main website ( any second now ) .
> >
We are doing this in an effort to refocus back to large - scale deployments > that create change in a major way .
We WILL honor all requests that we have > received prior to the info being taken off the website .
So if you know > anyone who is interested , tell them time is of the essence !!
Indeed , the ways to give page no longer lists “ give a school ” as an option .
That option used to read ( courtesy of Google cache ) :
Give 100 or more laptops with this special program that allows donors to choose the country where the laptops go .
This geo - targeted program can impact a village , a region , or even a country , with large group donations .
The page it linked to is still live , but the link is gone .
I ’m speculating that the minimum deployment is back up to 10,000 XOs , which was a previous category of deployment .
This is a blow to future small deployments in South Africa , as we have over 600 XOs deployed in South Africa through this program with more that were planned .
Marco Rosa has been setting up a local non-profit organisation to raise funds and coordinate deployments – now to no effect unless we use laptops from other vendors .
Now I ’ll get back to making Sugar , the learning platform originally developed for the OLPC XO , work on other hardware via Ubuntu …
[ Image remixed from Ploum , CC - BY ]
Steorn 's perpetual motion claims are extraordinary .
They 've raised millions from investors , and 2007 is the year that this will all change the world or Steorn will fall apart .
Which will it be ?
Find out here first .
About 50,000 troops are involved in the operation in the north - east The Red Cross in Sri Lanka says three more civilians have been killed in artillery attacks on a hospital in Tamil Tiger - held territory .
It said another 10 people were injured when shells hit a ward on Monday in the hospital in Puthukkudiyiruppu town in Mullaitivu district .
Aid workers say nine died in three strikes on the hospital at the weekend .
The government says it is not responsible for the attacks and has told civilians to leave the war zone .
' Decisive stage ' Puthukkudiyiruppu is situated in an enclave held by the rebels and is home to tens of thousands of civilians .
See map of the region
The hospital is one of the last functioning health facilities in the area .
A Red Cross spokeswoman told the BBC's Anbarasan Ethirajan in Colombo that people had started to leave the hospital in search of safer places .
The spokeswoman , Sarasi Wijeratne , said the organisation was " negotiating for safe passage with both sides to bring the sick and wounded to government - controlled territory for treatment " .
In an earlier attack , the UN said , the shells hit a crowded paediatric unit .
At least nine people were killed in the firing , the Red Cross said .
It is not clear who fired them , with pro-rebel websites blaming the army for the attacks , and the military denying any role .
In a statement , the government said fighting in the north - east was at a " decisive stage " and that it could not guarantee civilians ' safety in the area .
Separately , the army said it had found an underground bunker complex it believed was one of the hideouts of the top leader of the Tamil Tigers .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The two - storey - deep bunker was found hidden in a coconut plantation in Mullaitivu district during fighting on Monday , the army said .
The ministry said the bunker had electricity generators , air conditioning and medical supplies .
There was no sign of the rebel leader Velupillai Prabhakaran .
The army also said it had captured another rebel air strip .
The 2 km strip near Piramanthalkulam is the seventh reported captured by the military .
INSURGENCY TIMELINE 1976 : Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam form in the north - east 1987 : India deploys peace - keepers to Tamil areas but they leave in 1990 1993 : President Premadasa killed by Tiger bomb 2001 : Attack on airport destroys half Sri Lankan Airlines fleet 2002 : Government and rebels agree ceasefire 2005 : Mahinda Rajapaksa becomes president 2006 : Heavy fighting resumes 2009 : Army takes main rebel bases of Kilinochchi and Mullaitivu
Voices from Sri Lanka Tamil diaspora voices
There is no independent confirmation of any of the army 's claims - journalists are not able to reach the front lines .
The Sri Lankan government has told civilians to leave the area of fighting in the north - east but it is unclear how those trapped can escape .
Sri Lanka 's military says it has designated a safe zone for civilians in a 32 sq km buffer zone on the A - 35 main road which links Paranthan and Mullaitivu .
The zone is inside a gradually shrinking rebel enclave north of Mullaitivu .
Aid workers say that , in recent days , shells have fallen into the zone and people have been killed there .
Both sides deny being responsible for firing into the area .
The army offensive has pushed the rebels into a 300 sq km ( 110 sq mile ) corner of jungle .
Aid agencies say up to 250,000 civilians are in the area .
The government says the number is closer to 120,000 .
It accuses the Tamil Tigers of not allowing civilians to leave , saying they are being used as human shields .
The rebels say the civilians prefer to stay where they are under rebel " protection " .
MAP OF THE REGION
Click here to return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gawker has obtained the criminal complaint and arrest warrant filed by federal prosecutors against Fox News producer Aaron Bruns , including the affidavit of the detective who investigated him .
Here 's how they say it went down .
Last November , Robert Erdely , a Pennsylvania policeman , used standard file - sharing software to find child porn available on peer - to - peer networks .
He found some files on a computer later shown to belong to Bruns , and notified a joint task force run by the FBI and the District 's Metropolitan Police Department , a group which included Det. Timothy Palchak .
On January 16 , Palchak applied for a warrant to search Bruns 's residence , an apartment in northwest Washington .
The warrant was approved , and a week later , members of the task force searched Bruns 's apartment at 8:15 in the morning .
Bruns was there at the time .
FBI agents and police officers found computers , hard drives , and CDs .
A Dell Inspiron laptop contained digital photos and movies " depicting children under the age of ten being sexually abused by adult men and women , " according to Palchak 's affidavit .
Bruns had also taken naked pictures of himself .
Here are the documents themselves , minus descriptions of the files .
They are vile beyond all belief , utterly beyond the pale .
Update : Bruns appeared in court today , and has another hearing on Thursday .
FishbowlDC notes that Bruns dropped out of the University of Michigan in 1999 after being arrested for distributing child pornography .
A Michigan Daily story published that year details his arrest .
( CNN ) -- Deep - sea explorers say they have solved " one of the greatest mysteries in naval history " with the discovery of what was " the world 's mightiest and most technically advanced warship " when it sank in 1744 .
The HMS Victory sank in 1744 .
The HMS Victory -- the predecessor to a historic British flagship of the same name -- was found " far from where history says it was lost , " Odyssey Marine Exploration said in a news release Monday .
The find in the English Channel exonerates Adm. Sir John Balchin , one of " the greatest admirals in English history , " because it shows that the ship went down in a violent storm , not due to any mistakes he made , Odyssey said .
It did not specify the ship 's exact location .
Maritime lore said the ship went down in the northern part of the Channel Islands , south of England near the coast of France .
Stories about treasures -- including gold -- that may have been on the ship have existed ever since its disappearance .
This HMS Victory was a predecessor to the historic British ship that took the same name and which served as Admiral Nelson 's flagship in the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805 .
In court papers seeking exclusive salvage rights , Odyssey says the wreck site " consists of cannons and other unidentified objects .
Odyssey believes that potentially valuable cargo may be located at or near the site . "
The papers were filed in U.S. District Court in Tampa , Florida , where Odyssey is based , seeking exclusive salvage rights .
There were nearly 1,000 people aboard -- " 900 sailors , plus a complement of marines and 50 volunteers drawn from the noblest families of England , " Odyssey said in information about the ship released together with the Discovery Channel , which chronicled the find .
Based on reports from the time , there may be as much as four tons of gold on the ship , Odyssey and the Discovery Channel said .
" Additional research indicates that there were large quantities of both silver and gold coins aboard .
...
Research suggests that this prize money will also likely be located at the wreck site .
" ... However , no coins have been located at the site to date , and no accurate assessment as to their value can be made prior to location , recovery and analysis . "
The potential treasure also comes in another form -- bronze weaponry .
" The site 's anticipated ordnance collection " includes " the single largest collection of bronze cannon in the world " and " the largest consignment of bronze guns ever manufactured and preserved today , " Odyssey said .
Two cannons have been recovered -- " a 12 - pounder featuring the royal arms of George II " and a " 42 - pounder bearing the crest of George I , " it said .
" The huge 42 - pounder recovered is the only known example of a gun of this type and size currently in existence on dry land .
The only other artifacts recovered to date were two small brick fragments that were brought into U.S. federal court in order to file an admiralty arrest of the site . "
Admiralty arrest is a step mandated under international maritime law .
The discovery could set up a legal battle with the British government .
If it really is the HMS Victory , " her remains are sovereign immune , " the British Ministry of Defense ( MOD ) said in a statement on its blog Monday .
" The wreck remains the property of the Crown .
We have not waived our rights to it .
This means that no intrusive action may be taken without the express consent of the United Kingdom . "
In its statement , Odyssey said it " has been cooperating closely " with the ministry , and " all activities at the site have been conducted in accordance with protocols agreed with MOD and Royal Navy officials . "
The ship has deteriorated to the point that recovering it is impossible , Odyssey said .
" A plan is being developed for an archaeological excavation of the site , and artifacts will be recovered in accordance with a scientific project plan , which will be submitted to the UK MOD for review and approval . "
The company has proposed that it be paid " with either ... a percentage of the value of the collection that has been recovered , conserved and presented to the UK government , or a percentage of the coins or other artifacts that the government decides to ( sell ) . "
The ship was found nearly 100 km ( 62 miles ) " from where the ship was historically believed to have been wrecked on a reef near the Channel Islands , " Odyssey 's statement said .
" Having discovered it in deep water far from where history says it was lost has served to exonerate Admiral Balchin and his officers from the accusation of having let the ship run aground on the Casquets due to faulty navigation , " said Greg Stemm , Odyssey 's chief executive officer , in the statement .
Odyssey said the " prevailing belief " about the ship 's fate was that it had " smashed into the Casquets , a group of rocky islets " north of Guernsey , the second largest of the Channel Islands .
But the evidence , Odyssey 's statement said , suggests " the ship sank as the result of a violent storm and suggests that the design and construction of the ship contributed to her loss . "
Odyssey released press materials about the ship in cooperation with the Discovery Channel , which chronicled the find and will be showing it in a program this week called Treasure Quest .
" The English Channel is a treacherous place to navigate , " Discovery Channel President John Ford told CNN Radio .
" The ship was returning from Portugal and got caught up in a storm .
And despite being judged unsinkable at the time , sort of like the Titanic was , this very , very large ship went down in a storm and vanished without a trace . "
CNN Radio's April Williams contributed to this report
All About International Law • Royal Navy of the United Kingdom
GNU Global is pretty cool as an Emacs tagging tool .
However , its gtags.el package integrating GNU Global inside Emacs does n’t support cycling through multiple tag results .
I whipped up some Elisp to do the trick .
It supports cycling all kinds of GTAGS result : tag , rtag , symbol , etc .
Here ’s in my .emacs file .
( require ' gtags ) ( defun ww - next - gtag ( ) " Find next matching tag , for GTAGS . " ( interactive ) ( let ( ( latest - gtags - buffer ( car ( delq nil ( mapcar ( lambda ( x ) ( and ( string - match " GTAGS SELECT " ( buffer - name x ) ) ( buffer - name x ) ) ) ( buffer- list ) ) ) ) ) ) ( cond ( latest - gtags - buffer ( switch - to - buffer latest - gtags - buffer ) ( forward - line ) ( gtags - select - it nil ) ) ) ) )
Here ’s my key binding for using GNU Global .
( global - set - key " \M- ' ww - next - gtag ) ;; M-; cycles to next result , after doing M-. C - M-. or C - M- , ( global - set - key " \M -. " ' gtags - find - tag ) ( global - set - key [ ( control meta . ) ] ' gtags - find - rtag ) ( global - set - key [ ( control meta \ , ) ] ' gtags- find- symbol )
- WilliamWong
.
TagsFile
( Changes dateline from MOSCOW , adds background on 787 )
NEW YORK , Jan 29 ( Reuters ) - Russia 's S7 has become the first airline to cancel a major contract for Boeing Co's BA.N 787 Dreamliner , as the country 's airlines face their worst - ever financial crisis .
The order for 15 787s , due to be delivered in 2014 , was worth about $ 2.4 billion at list prices .
The cancellation is a blow for Boeing , whose new , lightweight jetliner has not yet left the ground and is about two years behind schedule .
S7 , the main domestic rival to Russia 's flag carrier Aeroflot AFLT .MM , will seek to lease the planes instead , the company said on Thursday .
“ S7 retains interest in using the Dreamliner and at the moment is looking into receiving the planes under a leasing scheme at an earlier date , for which it is in negotiations with several leasing companies , ” it said , without naming the leasing company .
Russia ’s airlines were hit hard by high oil prices and global economic turmoil , which left about a dozen of them unable to fly last year .
The resulting crisis prompted Russia ’s government to create a new state giant , Russian Airlines , to absorb crippled carriers .
Boeing , which has faced a series of production problems on the 787 and a two - month strike last year by its assembly workers , is expecting more cancellations from airlines this year as the demand for flights wanes .
The plane maker warned on Wednesday that an airline had canceled a 787 order , but did not say which .
Boeing shares were down 4.5 percent to $ 41.30 in late morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange .
( Reporting by Melissa Akin and Bill Rigby ; Editing by Tim Dobbyn )
We need to replace our picture window , so I ’m told .
My wife , Thelma , is an Architectural Designer .
Whatever she says goes when it comes to house repairs and needs .
My opinion , while sometimes solicited so I do n’t feel left out , is n’t really relevant , and that ’s fine with me .
So , when my wife started getting quotes , I did n’t even answer the phone .
On one call , I could n’t help overhearing one side of the conversation , and wish I ’d heard what the window guy said exactly .
It went something like this :
Window Guy : I understand you ’re looking for new windows from the form you filled out at the Home Show last week .
Thelma :
Actually only one , in our dining area .
Window Guy :
Well we ’d like to come out and quote it for you .
Thelma :
Ok – when ?
We want to do it soon .
Window Guy :
We ’d need to find a time when your husband will be there too .
Thelma ( not missing how that sounded ) : I actually make the decisions on this .
I do architectural design , and do this a lot .
We do n’t need him there .
Window Guy :
It ’s our policy to have both homeowners present .
We ca n’t do it without him too .
Thelma ( with a raised brow and just a hint of sarcasm ) :
Ok – thank you .
I guess we wo n’t use your windows then .
Who would have thought Window Guy or his script would provide a teaching moment ?
What Trust Principles were ignored , and what was the result ?
From the book Trust - Based Selling , the four principles that drive Trust - based Selling are :
1 . A focus on the customer for the customer ’s sake , not just the
seller ’s sake .
Let ’s see .
Window Guy has the person on the phone who requested the quote , who ’s experienced in the field , and who has clearly identified herself as both the technical and the economic buyer .
His script–if that ’s what it was –focused on whose needs ?
2 . A style of selling that is consistently collaborative .
Thelma was pretty clear that she was ready to collaborate .
So the customer collaborates , but Window Guy ca n’t get out of his own way and off his own agenda .
3 . A perspective centered on the medium to long term .
She ’s an Architectural Designer , and probably helps clients decide about windows .
I bet if she were a happy customer if she ’d be a great referral source–for Window Guy !
But on the other hand , if she ’s unhappy , would she ever refer Window Guy ?
Or would she perhaps even suggest others if the name came up ?
4 . A habit of being transparent in all your dealings with the customer .
Thelma was transparent .
She said exactly why I did n’t need to be there .
Window Guy ?
He never shared why it was relevant for me to be present .
Maybe they have experience with customers that evidenced a need to answer both homeowners questions at the same time .
But he did n’t share that , or any other reason , and even if there was a reason , it should have been one that complied with Trust Principle # 1 above .
But he never got there , because he was n’t listening , or there was no place in his script to allow for a dialog .
The result ?
First , Window Guy did n’t get to bid because I wo n’t be there .
Second , we do n’t have to deal with that company .
Maybe in Window Guy ’s world that ’s a win-win .
Not in mine .
Learn To Square Foot Garden
Have you always wanted to grow your own food ?
What if we told you that you could easily grow 100 % of your harvest with 20 % of the water that traditional gardening requires and with only 5 % of the work ?
You can with Square Foot Gardening !
This fun and easy method has turned millions of black thumbs green , and now you can learn how online .
Start your adventure now !
Our 6 - part course teaches you everything you need to grow tons of fresh produce , no experience required , regardless of where you live .
This course is complete with charts and handouts , ready to download and helpful videos to get you up and growing .
In an interview with National Public Radio this week , Mr. Gonzales attacked President Obama ’s choice for attorney general , Eric Holder , for saying that waterboarding is torture .
To hear Mr. Gonzales tell it , Mr. Holder was in the wrong  not the lawyers like Mr. Gonzales who tortured the law to justify torture , or the former defense secretary , Donald Rumsfeld , who approved its use , or the interrogators who actually subjected detainees to waterboarding and other inhumane and illegal interrogation techniques .
Making a “ blanket pronouncement like that , ” Mr. Gonzales warned , might affect “ the morale and dedication ” of intelligence officials .
He said agents at the Central Intelligence Agency “ no longer have any interest in doing anything controversial . ”
We ’re certainly glad to hear that .
No one in the Bush administration  certainly not Mr. Gonzales  has offered evidence that torturing prisoners produced reliable information .
It did undermine the law , further endanger American soldiers who might be captured in the field and destroy the nation ’s image .
Mr. Gonzales did not stop there .
He said it was his subordinates ’ fault that nine United States attorneys were fired for obviously political reasons .
“ I deeply regret some of the decisions made by my staff , ” he said .
Mr. Gonzales had no regrets about the infamous visit he paid to the hospital room of then - Attorney General John Ashcroft in 2004 while he was White House counsel .
Mr. Ashcroft was barely conscious after serious surgery , but Mr. Gonzales and Andrew Card , then the White House chief of staff , tried to get him to sign off on a program to eavesdrop on Americans without a warrant .
Scientists with the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory , Illinois , home of the Tevatron particle accelerator , say their ageing machine now stands at least a 50 % chance of spotting the elusive Higgs boson by the end of next year .
The estimate is based on the accelerator ’s efficiency at producing high energy particle collisions , now running at an all - time high , and the chances that the Higgs ’ mass falls within a range detectable at Fermilab .
With CERN ’s malfunctioning Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) more than six months away from restarting , and another year or more from releasing data , it looks increasingly likely that the Tevatron will have a clear run at being the first to spot the Higgs .
Not a race ?
“ We ’re not racing CERN , ” says Fermilab director , Pier Oddone , who points out that many physicists working at the Tevatron are also heavily involved with the LHC .
However , other scientists at Fermilab told New Scientist that the sense of competition is real , and that researchers are “ working their tails off ” analysing data from the Tevatron ’s two key particle experiments , named CDF and DZero .
Advertisement
“ Indirectly , we ’re helping them , ” says DZero spokesman Dmitri Denisov of his European counterparts .
“ They ’re definitely feeling the heat and working a little harder . ”
Past experiments and theoretical models predict that the Higgs boson , widely thought to be the last undiscovered particle , in the so - called Standard Model of particle physics has a mass that is equivalent to a value between 114 and 184 GeV ( billion electron Volts ) .
This range falls within Tevatron ’s sensitivity , which suggests that if the Higgs is real , it will only be a matter of time before it turns up at Fermilab .
Growing possibility
But that window inside which the Higgs could exist is shrinking , in a way that favours the Tevatron .
Last summer data released by both CDF and DZero effectively excluded a value of 170 GeV , where a Higgs boson would stand out particularly well against the background noise of other particle interactions .
Data gathered since then is continuing to expand the possibility for detections on either side of this value .
That means the closer the Higgs mass is to 170 GeV , the greater the chances are that it will be seen first at Fermilab .
Denisov estimates that evidence for a 150 GeV Higgs boson could emerge as early as this summer , well before the LHC is even projected to restart after it was damaged last year .
Alternatively , if the Higgs mass is 120 GeV , it would likely be the end of 2010 before scientists at the Tevatron were confident enough to report a detection .
Clear signal
One thing that will aid physicists is the fact that the Tevatron collides protons with anti-protons .
The resulting collisions create less background noise than the proton - proton collisions at LHC are expected to produce .
“ We could n’t be in a better position , ” says Jacobo Konigsberg , a physicist at the University of Florida , Gainesville , who is co-spokesman for the CDF experiment .
“ The Tevatron is working beautifully and in the next two years we could double the data taken during the last eight . ”
and cloned
Think of it this way : Chris Paget just did you a service by hacking your passport and stealing your identity .
Using a $ 250 Motorola RFID reader and antenna connected to his laptop , Chris recently drove around San Francisco reading RFID tags from passports driver licenses , and other identity documents .
In just 20 minutes , he foundthe passports of two very unaware US citizens .
Fortunately , Chris wears a white hat ; his video demonstration is meant to raise awareness to what he calls the unsuitability of RFID for tagging people .
Specifically , he 's hoping to help get the Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative -- a homeland security project -- scrapped .
Perhaps you 'll feel the same after watching his video posted after the break .
Credits : NASA
On January 3 , 2004 , the MER - A rover a .k.a. Spirit landed on Mars at the Gusev Crater .
The second rover , MER - B a.k.a.
Opportunity , followed twenty - one days later and landed at the Meridiani Planum .
They were both designed to operate for three months on the surface of Mars .
Five years later , they are still operational and NASA has planned new missions for them .
Considering the harsh conditions on Mars , NASA ’s twin rovers have accomplished remarkable things : they have returned a quarter - million images , driven more than thirteen miles , climbed a mountain , descended into impact craters , and survived dust storms .
Using the Mars Odyssey orbiter as a communication relay , the rovers have sent more than 36 GB of scientific data back to Earth .
“ These rovers are incredibly resilient considering the extreme environment the hardware experiences every day , ” said John Callas , JPL project manager for Spirit and Opportunity .
“ We realize that a major rover component on either vehicle could fail at any time and end a mission with no advance notice , but on the other hand , we could accomplish the equivalent duration of four more prime missions on each rover in the year ahead . ”
Credits : NASA
Digging into the MER mission archive , one detail caught my eye .
The rovers carry plaques commemorating the crews of Columbia and Challenger , and some of the landmarks surrounding the landing sites of the rovers are dedicated to the astronauts of Apollo 1 , Columbia , and Challenger .
Spirit is carrying a plaque commemorating the STS - 107 Space Shuttle Columbia crew , which has been mounted on the high - gain antenna of the rover .
The names of the STS - 107 crew are inscribed on the plaque : Rick D. Husband , William C. McCool , Michael P. Anderson , Kalpana Chawla , David M. Brown , Laurel B. Clark , and Ilan Ramon .
Their names are now looking over the Martian landscapes .
To further honor their memory , the landing site of the MER Spirit is called the Columbia Memorial Station .
Credits : NASA
Three of the hills surrounding the Columbia Memorial Station are dedicated to the Apollo 1 crew : Gus Grissom , Ed White , and Roger Chafee .
Grissom
Hill is located 7.5 km to the southwest of Columbia Memorial Station , White Hill is 11.2 km northwest of the landing site , and Chafee Hill is located 14.3 km south - southwest of the landing site .
When you need a new car , it ’s tempting to buy the cheapest one you can .
As long as a car gets you from point A to point B , the thinking goes , it ’s good enough .
Though there is some truth to that argument , it does n’t take the full picture of owning and living with a car into account .
That car with the super - low price tag might be a bear to insure .
It might leave you with hefty repair bills , or it might guzzle gas .
That car might not meet your daily needs either .
Your family may hate being crammed in its small back seat , it might not have all the cargo space you need , or its harsh ride or underpowered engine might turn your commute into a slog .
That cheap car may also lack the latest safety equipment , and while it ’s true that you can drive without a suite of in - car connectivity apps , they do make finding your way a lot easier and the trip more pleasant .
Finding the balance between a good car and a cheap car is where the Best Cars for the Money awards come in .
The awards cover 11 different automotive classes .
The winners have the best combination of quality and value in their respective classes , so they ’re all good cars that are also good long - term deals .
How We Measured Quality
To measure a vehicle ’s quality , we use the overall score from the U.S. News Best Car rankings .
A model ’s overall score in our vehicle rankings is n’t based on the opinions or tests of U.S. News editors .
Instead , we collect and analyze every published , credible review of a given model to get the consensus of the automotive press on things like how well a car drives , how comfortable its interior is , and how well its connectivity and tech features work .
We combine that analysis with safety and reliability data to get a numerical overall score , which we use to measure quality in the Best Cars for the Money awards .
How We Measured Value
The actual cost of a car is much more than just the final negotiated price .
A car has significant ongoing costs , like repairs , fuel , and insurance .
To measure the kind of value a car offers , we start with real - time transaction prices reported by our partner TrueCar .
We then combine that information with five - year total ownership costs from Vincentric .
Those two measures together provide a car ’s value score for the Best Cars for the Money .
See the photo gallery of the winners »
L’affaire Madoff gets more interesting by the day .
I had though the failure to pursue the hedge fund scamster had more to do with incompetence and a disinclination to go after investment managers ( insider trading cases , which is what seems to get the SEC ’s enforcement division juices going , usually pick up penny ante players at big name firms , so they generate lots of media coverage without rocking any boats ) .
But the Congressional hearings today suggest that the SEC , or at least some of its members , think they have something to hide .
We are well over a year into the financial meltdown , and the regulatory officialdom was ( at best ) asleep at the wheel .
Yet we ’ve had almost no real inquiry as to who in power knew what when .
Madoff was a particularly egregious case , due to the longevity of the fraud , the scale of the losses , the clear and multiple warnings , and SEC ’s reluctance to do even basic follow up on detailed leads involving prominent and well connected members of the financial community ( look what happened with the insider trading allegations against hedge fund Pequot Capital : like Madoff , precisely nothing ) .
From OpenLeft , “ Bush SEC Holdovers Cite Exec Privilege In Stonewalling Congress About Madoff Scandal ” ( hat tip reader Tom ) . .
BTW , Ive seen a lot of tongue lashings by Congressmen , but this is one of the most pointed I recall in quite a while :
This second clip is the one referenced in the piece below :
At a contentious Financial Services Committee hearing today about the failure of the Securities and Exchange Commission to prevent the Bernie Madoff scandal , the SEC ’s General Counsel cited executive privilege as reason that he and the SEC ’s enforcement branch were refusing to answer congressional inquiries .
You can watch the video here – the executive privilege issue comes at about 5 minutes and 15 seconds into the clip .
[ in the one I found , see 3:23 , but the whole thing is worth viewing ]
As you ’ll see , SEC officials refuse to answer the committee ’s basic questions about the Madoff scandal , and the agency ’s acting general counsel , Andy Vollmer ( a Bush holdover and maxed - out donor to John McCain ’s presidential campaign ) explicitly cites executive privilege as his legal rationale for refusing to provide basic information to federal lawmakers .
Congress has a constitutional obligation to engage in basic fact finding , both in order to legislate reforms at the SEC and to publicly expose how our economy was destroyed by sharks like Madoff .
Now , Bush holdovers at the SEC are using executive powers – powers that are now President Obama ’s – to prevent Democratic lawmakers from doing their job .
And this from Investment Daily ( its headline “ SEC officials dodge questions ; one claims privilege , ” and posture is a departure from its usual tone ) points out CLEARLY that the invocation of executive privilege has not been authorized by the Executive Branch ( ie , the current Attorney General ’s Office ) :
Members of the House Financial Services subcommittee on capital markets , insurance and government - sponsored enterprises hammered SEC officials today at a hearing looking into the alleged Bernard Madoff Ponzi scheme .
Agency officials declined to comment specifically about how they missed the fraud after being tipped off over a number of years by Harry Markopolos , a fraud investigator who formerly worked for a hedge fund that competed with the Madoff fund .
They said an ongoing investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission inspector general kept them from commenting .
At one point during the hearing , SEC acting general counsel Andrew Vollmer claimed executive privilege in declining to answer some questions .
Subcommittee chairman Paul Kanjorski , D - Pa. , asked Mr. Vollmer if he had obtained executive privilege from the U.S. attorney general .
“ No … this is the position of the agency , ” Mr. Vollmer said .
Did the SEC instruct him not to respond to questions ?
Mr. Kanjorski asked .
The commission supports this position , Mr. Vollmer said , but “ the answer is no . ” Mr. Kanjorski asked if Mr. Vollmer was asserting executive privilege on his own .
“ No , I would n’t say that , ” Mr. Vollmer said .
SEC spokesman John Heine did not have an immediate response .
Mr. Markopolos , appearing for the first time before a congressional committee , skewered the SEC .
He detailed his frustrations in attempting to get the SEC to look into the Madoff operation .
The “ financial illiteracy among the SEC ’s securities lawyers was pretty much universal with few exceptions , ” he said in prepared testimony .
Congress might finally be growing a set .
Better late than never .
Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. ( D - IL ) speaks to the press on Capitol Hill in Washington on December 10 , 2008 .
( UPI Photo / Alexis C. Glenn ) | License Photo
CHICAGO , Dec. 12 ( UPI ) --
A fundraiser for Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich was held to encourage the governor to name Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. to a vacant senate seat , attendees said .
Businessmen with ties to both the Illinois congressman and Blagojevich , accused of trying to sell President - elect Barack Obama 's U.S. Senate seat , discussed raising at least $ 1 million for Blagojevich 's campaign to push Jackson 's selection , the Chicago Tribune reported Friday .
Advertisement
Two businessmen who attended an October lunch meeting told the Tribune that businessman and Blagojevich supporter Raghuveer Nayak and Blagojevich aide Rajinder Bedi told attendees the fundraising effort was aimed at supporting Jackson 's bid for the Senate .
That meeting led to a Blagojevich fundraiser Saturday , co-sponsored by Nayak and attended by Blagojevich and Jackson 's brother , Jonathan , several people who attended the event told the Tribune .
Blagojevich and Jackson met to discuss the Senate seat on Monday , the day before federal prosecutors arrested Blagojevich and charged him with trying to peddle Obama 's Senate seat among other things .
In accompanying documentation , prosecutors alleged Blagojevich was considering awarding the seat to " Senate Candidate 5 " because emissaries for the candidate pledged to raise more than $ 1 million for Blagojevich 's campaign fund .
Jackson later was identified as " Senate Candidate 5 . "
The congressman has denied knowing about emissaries or promises to raise funds in exchange for the seat .
He said he was contacted by federal prosecutors and agreed to meet with them .
Jackson spokesman Rick Bryant Thursday called Nayak a Jackson " family friend and supporter . "
Jackson 's attorney , James Montgomery , said he could n't rule out that such discussions occurred by people who did n't have his client 's blessing .
< Earlier Kibitzing · PAGE 45 OF 45 · Later Kibitzing > Sep-02-20
beatgiant :
All those who claim the ending is " easy " must be either world championship contenders or beginners .
As we 've seen above , even recent and powerful engines have a lot of trouble evaluating it correctly .
Sep -03 - 20 Petrosianic : < beatgiant > :
< All those who claim the ending is " easy " must be either world championship contenders or beginners . >
Or non-players ( pre-beginner ? ) , like Harry .
One thing to keep in mind , though , is that when beginners say an ending is easy , they mean WITH computer assistance .
If you 've watched games live on C24 , you know the ritual where half the posters will do nothing except watch the eval , report all of its changes , and boldly proclaim that " Somebody blundered ! " when it changes by more than 0.2 .
To them that constitutes commenting on the game themselves .
To that mindset , the larger the advantage , the easier it is to convert , which is sometimes true , but often not .
Of course it depends what part of the game you 're talking about .
The last half dozen moves or so are easy .
But from Move 29 , nooooo .
Sep-03 -20
perfidious :
How 'bout me ?
I 'm a life 1200 player !
Think I 'd have a shot ?
Sep -03 - 20 Petrosianic : < perfidious : How 'bout me ?
I 'm a life 1200 player !
Think I 'd have a shot ?>
Well , the trick is to actually work at it .
The C24 crowd is n't interested in discussing , analyzing or understanding the game .
It 's just a Walter Mitty kind of thing .
They like to quote the eval , pretend it came out of their own heads , and trash talk GM's for not seeing the same moves they " saw " .
The computer can be an enormous aid to learning , but if you just let it do all your thinking for you , you 'll never learn anything .
Worse yet , the eval available to non-paying members on C24 is a weak one with a short horizon , and is often wrong , sometimes laughably .
I remember one game where Black was like 3 pawns up , but it was a Bishops of Opposite Colors ending , and pretty obviously a draw .
But the Eval rated it - 4.49 , so the Willful Patzer Brigade kept pronouncing it won , and ignoring everyone who explained why it was n't .
Then when it was finally drawn , they were shocked .
" How did that happen ? ? " when several people had already told them .
That kind of thing happens relatively often .
Sep-03 -20
Retireborn :
In one of his books , Speelman gives 15 pages of analysis of this ending .
I never had the courage to wade throught it all , but his conclusions ( in 1981 ! ) were ; 29 ... Bxh2 should n't lose , it takes more errors 37 ... Ke4 , 39 ... f5 to lose ; and Olafsson 's 36 .
Kg4 was better than Spassky 's 36.a4 , but not quite enough to win either .
Sep -03 - 20 SChesshevsky : < Petrosianic : ... They like to quote the eval , pretend it came out of their own heads , and trash talk GM's for not seeing the same moves they " saw " .
The computer can be an enormous aid to learning , but if you just let it do all your thinking for you , you 'll never learn anything ...>
The problem with all this endgame analysis is that it misses the major point .
Spassky found a subtle , maybe obvious maybe not , move that changes the dynamic .
Goes from a maybe probable draw , with lines that Fischer probably expected , to a difficult one at best with Fischer likely lost practically speaking .
What 's the move and why practically lost ?
Check out the photo .
Sep -03 - 20 Petrosianic : < 29 ... Bxh2 should n't lose , > ASSUMING perfect play , which one can never assume in a difficult position with limited time .
In reality , the move carries enormous risk of loss .
Before Bxh2 was a position which Black could literally draw with his eyes closed .
Sep-03 -20
Sally Simpson : ***
Hi Petrosianic ,
" The C24 crowd is n't interested in discussing , analyzing or understanding the game .
It 's just a Walter Mitty kind of thing . "
I watch the live games if they are not here on Chess Bomb , it 's the same there .
The players move quick , the computer they use ( which apparently is not top of the range ) is sometimes not allowed long enough to ' think ' so an OK move is sometimes flagged as a gross blunder and posted in bright red because it is not the computers top choice .
This has the Mitty 's whooping with joy .
When the computer catches up with the position it 's eval evens out from say +2.69 to 0.20 the Miittys think one of the players has blundered a won game and start slagging them off .
I try to ignore them but their comments can sometimes be more entertaining than the game .
*** Sep-03 -20
perfidious :
Those rare times I resort to Chess24 , I have to ignore the commentary , which is analogous to a group of young turks in live poker maundering on over who just won the last major event and slagging them .
Bores me to tears .
Sep - 04 - 20 Petrosianic :
Occasionally , they clamp down and allow only paying members to chat , which improves it a bit .
The paying members are generally a little more serious about chess .
Of course I can't chat when they do that , but it 's more worth reading .
I 'd never pay for that site unless they got rid of the onscreen eval that seems to be the only thing half the commenters look at .
Sep -04 - 20
NM JRousselle : Does 37 ... a 6 hold the balance for Black ?
Sep -04-20
beatgiant : < NM JRousselle : Does 37 ... a 6 hold the balance for Black ? >
I forgive you for not searching the 45 pages of kibitzing , although there is a search button .
Someone has posted above saying Mednis suggested 37 ... a6 but did not post analysis .
A couple of times the very similar idea 36 ... a6 was analyzed above with computers , with a draw claimed , but with some unconvincing lines .
So it 's a slightly open question , but the answer is probably yes .
Sep -04 - 20 SChesshevsky : < Someone has posted above saying Mednis suggested 37 ... a6 but did not post analysis .
A couple of times the very similar idea 36 ... a6 was analyzed above with computers , with a draw claimed , but with some unconvincing lines . >
Mednis idea , and some of the posted computer analysis I believe , is that Black can draw by eventually getting a blockade stalemate position on the qside with white wrong B . Maybe not the precise line , but something like : 37 ... a6 38 . bx a6 bxa6 39 .
Bb4 Ke4 40 .
Bc5 f5 41 . Kh4 e5 42 . Kg5 f4 43 .
exf4 exf4 44 . Kg6 f3 45 . Kxg7 f2 46 .
Bxf2 .
Idea probably has merit and maybe Fischer would 've went for it had he the overnight to analyze .
But there are three reasons why the chances of Fischer seeing it and trusting it OTB here are extremely low .
He did n't calculate and play 29 ... Bxh2 figuring there was even the need to bail out being a B and pawn down but stalemate .
There are many variations to calculate correctly .
Even if the stalemate plan does work and there 's no assurance that it does .
An extremely tough calculation effort OTB when it's a complete change of course from the prior plan and you also feel suicidely foolish for taking on h2 .
Besides feeling foolish , you also feel stupid for missing something in your earlier calculation to put you in this position .
Now , if this relatively passive try for a draw fails , there is the potential for additional humiliation on top of the substantial humiliation already incurred .
So it 's probably not surprising Fischer goes for activity and continuing his idea .
Sep -04 - 20 Petrosianic : < SChesshevsky > :
< The problem with all this endgame analysis is that it misses the major point .
Spassky found a subtle , maybe obvious maybe not , move that changes the dynamic . >
We do n't know if Spassky found it or not .
The common wisdom is that Fischer changed his own plan before executing it .
Most people have thought that Fischer 's plan was 30 .
g3 h5 31 .
Ke2 h4 32 . Kf3 h3 33 .
Kg4 Bg1 34 .
Kxh3 Kxf2 , but had overlooked that after 35 .
Bd2 , his Bishop was still trapped .
So , instead of h3 , Fischer played 32 ... Ke7 , activating his King faster , since the Bishop was lost in any case .
Sep -04-20
harrylime : Match of the Century indeed .
What a Bobby would do now in today 's internet world huh ??
Sep -04 -20 SChesshevsky : < Petrosianic : ... Most people have thought that Fischer 's plan was 30 .
g3 h5 ...>
I do n't believe that Fischer thought he could save the B at all .
Think his miss was later and the photo was related to that later miss .
Sep -04 -20
harrylime : Fischer would be a Great White in the water amongst Turtles swimming with the net today .
Sep -05 - 20 Petrosianic : Stop trolling , Harry .
The big boys are talking .
Sep -05 - 20 Petrosianic : SChesshevsky : < Petrosianic : ... Most people have thought that Fischer 's plan was 30 .
g3 h5 ...>
< I do n't believe that Fischer thought he could save the B at all .
Think his miss was later and the photo was related to that later miss . >
Could be .
At Sveti Stefan , Fischer confirmed that Bxh2 was an oversight , but he was n't clear on exactly what he was thinking .
Sep -06 -20
harrylime : < < Petrosianic : Stop trolling , Harry .
The big boys are talking . > >
Fischer 's chess style had an arrogance .
This game is no greater display of this .
Or put another way ...
I think Bobby was believing all the the hubris and BS walking into this match and had thoughts of invincibility .
This was soon dispelled and Bobby adapted .
Sep -06 -20
harrylime : BOBBY 1 v 0 THE WORLD Sep-06 - 20
harrylime : Bobby Fischer
Came
Saw
Conquered Sep-07-20
jith1207 : More like
Conquered
Bewildered
Schizophreniad Sep-07-20
jith1207 : < Sally Simpson >
I like following games Live in < Chess 24 > as you can turn off the comments when looking at the scoresheet alongside the board , which helps to look at the moves played and replay the game as well .
That 's even more better when I usually follow live in their mobile app where there are no comments section at all .
< ChessBomb > is always funnier , especially when the bright and slight red move markings go awry .
I used to follow and love < ChessDom > as they have only games and computer evaluations to look at and nothing else , and I like their Web interface than others especially that 's the best site to follow chess in an event that has so many number of simultaneous games going on like Opens , Olympiad , World Cup , team events , etc. , Sep-07- 20
Sally Simpson : ***
Hi jith1207 ,
I have tried Chess24 but it makes my kit run clunky .
Chess bomb is fine and as I said sometimes the comments are more interesting ( wrong word , hilarious , is more apt . ) than the games .
*** Jump to page # ( enter # from 1 to 45 )
search thread :
< Earlier Kibitzing · PAGE 45 OF 45 · Later Kibitzing >
Music , chess and cricket are just three things banned in some Muslim schools in the UK .
Others are drama , dance , sport , Shakespeare , and , in some cases , any aspect of Western culture whatever .
According to the management committee of London 's Madani Secondary Girls ' School , this is because " our children are exposed to a culture that is in opposition with almost everything Islam stands for " .
The response to this sense of danger is often to forbid outright any kind of relationship with non-Muslims : " Allah has warned us in the Koran , do not befriend the kuffaar .
The Jews and Christians will never be content with you until you follow their way , " says Riyadhul Haq , a teacher in Kidderminster .
Ninety in the fast lane : Pensioner on mobility scooter takes wrong turn onto busy dual carriageway
He might be 91 , but life in the fast lane still has its fascination for Stanley Murphy .
The retired builder 's electric mobility scooter ended up on one of the busiest roads in the country after he took a wrong turn on his way home from buying his morning newspaper .
Shocked drivers spotted him trundling along at 3 mph while cars and lorries sped past at up to 70 mph on the six - lane A27 at Shoreham , West Sussex .
Wrong turn : Stanley Murphy , 90 , inadvertently turned onto the busy A27 on his mobility scooter after going the wrong way while out to get his morning paper
Thankfully , after a hair - raising half a mile , paving firm owner James Dunne went to the driver 's aid .
He overtook the Atlas scooter and pulled in front of it , using his flashing lights to warn other drivers .
He then called the police , who took the pensioner home .
Mr Dunne , 45 , from Worthing , said : ' I was just pulling on to the road when I spotted the scooter .
I overtook him and put my flashing lights on , but he then tried to overtake me .
He was very confused - he did n't know where he was .
It 's a busy road and he's a very frail man , so I was worried about what might have happened to him .
' He must have been driving down that road for about 20 minutes without anyone stopping to help or calling police . '
Pulled over : Paving company owner John Dunne stopped his pick - up truck to come to the aid of Mr Murphy , who was travelling at just 8 mph on the inside lane of the 70 mph dual carriageway
He added that Mr Murphy would have had to negotiate a busy three - lane roundabout to get on to the slip road and the main road .
The next turn - off was at least two miles away .
' A highways officer told me he'd seen a lot of things on the A27 , but never a mobility scooter . '
Mr Murphy , who lives in Shoreham with his daughter Karen Edie , drove tractors during the war and has had a driving licence all his adult life .
He said : ' I went out to get a paper and took a wrong turning .
I ended up on the A27 and I could n't find a turn - off and did n't know which way to go .
Helping hand :
The confused pensioner is helped off the dual carriageway by police and Highways officers .
Mr Dunne later returned his scooter to his home
' I am all right now and am very grateful to everyone who helped me .
They were very kind . '
Mrs Edie , 66 , said she would be accompanying her father on future trips .
Police said the scooter should have had a number plate and tax disc before it could be driven on main roads .
' But this gentleman was obviously confused and it is unlikely we would take any further action ' .
Le Love is made with reader submissions , so if you have anything you 'd like to share , please email : leloveimage@gmail.com
I ’ve never really been a big fan of IDEs , though I can appreciate how they can help speed up the Edit - Compile - Test cycle .
For almost two years now I ’ve been trying to use a text editor + command line strategy .
However , at the moment I ’m in a position where I need to start using IDEs again .
In particular my software engineering class uses KDevelop and over the summer I ’ll be working on a research project developing an Eclipse plugin , so I need to get familiar with Eclipse before then .
I must say that I was initially put off by the idea of having to use Kdevelop for C++ development in my software engineering class .
I was really hoping to be able to use Emacs , GCC and make full time , adding to my current level of Emacs and BASH knowledge .
But I have been using KDevelop for about 2 weeks now ( somewhat grudgingly I must admit ) , there are a number of things that KDevelop makes rather smooth .
Creating an SVN repository for your project and committing to it is rather well integrated with the interface .
At the same time , you ca n’t directly checkout out a working copy and start working on it as a project : you need to check it out manually to a directory , import the directory as a project and then edit the project options to have it be version controlled .
Not exactly a very smooth workflow .
KDevelop ’s integration with the Qmake program to automatically create Makefiles is also a time - saver .
Makefiles are files which contain instructions ( used by a program called make ) to build large projects containing lots of files .
However it is very tedious to write these Makefiles by hand and KDevelop mostly takes that trouble away .
Though I ’m only just starting to explore KDevelop , I think I ’ll enjoy using it .
However , on a larger scale , I ’m still in two minds on the use of IDEs .
I still firmly believe that IDEs should not be used as primarily teaching tools , certainly not in a course like Software Engineering , which is for people who are fairly sure that they will be computer science students .
I learned about Subversion before using Kdevelop .
I can understand and appreciate how KDevelop helps speed things up and more importantly when things go wrong or the interface does n’t quite work the way I want it to , I can easily drop into a shell and fix things .
However I know much less about Makefiles , since I ’ve never really used them .
I know enough about it to understand that there is a significant amount going on under the hood which is being kept hidden from me .
If something went wrong I ’d be helpless to fix it .
It ’s not a feeling I ’m comfortable with .
I really wish that we had been told about Makefiles and how they work and then been told about Qmake and how the integration with KDevelop speeds things up .
At this point I really hope we learn about what goes on under the hood and do so soon .
One of the reasons that I am uncomfortable with IDEs is that I ’m a strong believer in the UNIX philosophy .
This school of thought as applied to programs can be stated thus :
Write programs that do one thing and do it well .
Write programs to work together .
Write programs to handle text streams , because that is a universal interface .
I have some doubts about the text streams part , but I firmly believe in the first two segments .
Once again coming back to education , it is important that students learn the UNIX philosophy and learn it well .
They may not necessarily be writing completely separate programs for every little thing , but the need to preserve modularity in software is generally acknowledged .
By learning how programming actually depends on lots of different tools each with their own functions , but with good interfaces , students can better understand how to write modular software .
The IDE encourages the idea that powerful software comes in monolithic chunks .
Even if the idea is modular and depends on other programs under the hood , that fact is not always obvious to the student .
It is much easier to understand the power of modularity when your tools are clearly modular in nature .
Consider Emacs : it is extremely modular and extremely extensible by virtue of it ’s embedded Lisp interpreter .
When you want to give Emacs the powers of an IDE you string together a number of Elisp packages .
More importantly you are actively encouraged to write your own Elisp code to bend Emacs to your own .
This flexibility is on a completely different level even when compared to modular IDEs like Eclipse .
I suppose that many of my gripes with IDEs would disappear if they really were integrated .
But they ’re not .
I ’m using a bunch of tools for my Software Engineering course : Umbrello for UML , Doxygen for code documentation extraction and Mantis for bug tracking .
The only integration here is between Doxygen and KDevelop .
This means that designing , implementing and then documenting a feature will mean using several different tools .
Umbrello can generate code templates from my UML diagrams , but it ca n’t update the diagrams as I change the code .
That means that when I need to write utility classes or methods , I have to put them in code and then put them in the diagrams again manually .
By using an external bug tracker I need to remember to check off on the buglist when I fix something .
In a truly integrated environment , the bug tracker would be part of the IDE .
As a developer I could then add information to the bug report , such a link to a specific part of the code where the bug exists .
Anyone looking at my code later would be able to see that there was a bug associated with that part of the code which had been fixed ( or was still active ) .
Of course , this would mean that version control would have to be really tightly integrated so that all the changes ever made could be pulled up and compared at a moment ’s notice .
If I need to play the juggle - the - program to do my work , I would much rather use distinct programs and tie them together with Elisp or BASH script .
In such a case a common text interface would be very useful .
UNIX philosophy wins again ( to some extent ) .
Of course , I am picking on the tools I ’m using and that may not be a representative sample .
I ’m also aware that KDevelop is n’t exactly the gold standard in IDEs .
At this point some open source enthusiasts will be pulling out the do - it - yourself card : if you do n’t like the state of KDevelop , write some code to fix it .
An understandable argument , and normally I ’m all for it .
Do it yourself is a lesson well worth learning if you ’re in the technology field .
But in this case , I feel it is somewhat besides the point .
Like I said , I ’d rather just use Emacs .
That ’s not to say however that I wo n’t ever be swayed .
Right now , I would willingly use an IDE if it unified the tools that I ’d be using and actually sped things up .
Ultimately it comes down to the simple fact that as someone who intends to write software as a livelihood ( or as part of a livelihood at any rate ) , I insist on using the best tools for the job .
Right now that tool is Emacs + GCC ( and all the supporting tools like make ) .
If an IDE does come along that offers me the same customizability and raw power that Emacs , I would not hesitate to give it a fair chance to prove itself .
This is not to say that Emacs does n’t have some problems , but it ’s better than the competition for my use .
On the same note , I also wish very much that my fellow students would learn to understand what really makes a tool powerful .
However considering that one of my classmates commented that he does n’t like the terminal because of how much he has to type , I do n’t think that will happen anytime soon .
Education in computer science deserves a good few posts all to itself , and it has it ’s own very large set of problems , but if you actually are reading this post , I think you already have enough knowledge to know when your tools do n’t quite cut it .
Just make sure you act on that knowledge .
The tenth edition of Microsoft's Flight Simulator was released in 2006
The future of Microsoft 's long running Flight Simulator series has been cast into doubt , after the software maker US laid - off the entire development team .
Microsoft says it is " committed " to the series , despite shutting the Aces studio when it cut 5000 jobs .
But third party developers say Microsoft needs to outline its plans for the game in more detail .
MS Flight Simulator is arguably the longest running computer game series ever , first launched back in 1982 .
Nels Anderson , founder of enthusiast website FlightSim.com said the studio closure was a " dark day " for the flight sim market .
Speaking to the BBC he said he was baffled by the decision .
" Microsoft have apparently cancelled a 27 year franchise .
Flight sims were one of the few things about Microsoft people actually liked .
It made them money and had an enormous following .
" To cancel something like that is an amazing thing to do , " he said .
Just Flight 's director , Dermot Stapleton , which publishes third party add - ons for MS Flight Simulator , told the BBC that as Microsoft had only announced the studio closure , people would have to draw their own conclusions as to what future plans the firm had in store for the game .
" It 's the end of the line for their in - house development studio , but that does n't mean it 's the end of the line for the game .
" All Microsoft did was name a group of developers working on the game Aces Studio and now , as they 've laid them and a load of other developers off , they have been somewhat hoisted on their own petard .
The Flight Simulator series made its debut back in 1982 " My guess is that Microsoft will now licence the code to a third party developer and then cross that " cash bridge " when they come to it . "
Deja vu But Nels Anderson was more pessimistic , saying Microsoft had done something similar with its Train Simulator series .
" Microsoft announced a sequel to MS Train Simulator back in 2003 .
A year later , they shelved the project .
Three years later , they announced a new version , that too was cancelled .
" I think this gives us an indication as to what is in store for Flight Simulator , " he said .
Most people agree that the latest incarnation , MS Flight Simulator X , has at least three to four years use before it starts to show its age .
Even today , many still use the five year old Flight Simulator 2004 , rather than FSX .
Speaking to the BBC , Derek Davis , editor of PC Pilot magazine , said there was a silver lining to the bad news .
" I do n't know what the eventual fate of Microsoft 's Flight Simulator series will be , but I think we 're going to see a rise in sales and an increase in third - party development .
" There is now some stability to be had - we 're all going to be using FSX for some time - and that is going to make it far easier for developers to produce new aircraft . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Anthropologists have never directly observed a female - dominated society among humans , but many have speculated that such societies would be less violent than male - dominated ones .
Now that postulate has been challenged by hard evidence .
Bonobos , a primate species that is female - dominated and bisexual , have been observed repeatedly hunting and killing other apes in the wild .
A group of evolutionary anthropologists will publish a paper in Current Biology tomorrow documenting evidence that the supposedly peaceful bonobos are as bloodthirsty as their male - dominated chimp counterparts .
Evolutionary anthropologist Gottfried Hohmann , a co-author of the study , says this discovery might change how we understand male dominance in society :
In chimpanzees , male - dominance is associated with physical violence , hunting , and meat consumption .
By inference , the lack of male dominance and physical violence is often used to explain the relative absence of hunting and meat eating in bonobos .
Our observations suggest that , in contrast to previous assumptions , these behaviors may persist in societies with different social relations .
Advertisement
Now all that awesome feminist science fiction from the 1970s about women who fight like crazed weasels has been validated !
Photo by Emmanuelle Grundmann .
Primate hunting by bonobos at LuiKotale , Salonga National Park [ Coming Oct. 14 in Current Biology ]
An interesting article from Slate about a session at the Joint Mathematics Meeting that discussed mathematical solutions and proposals to undo the problem of gerrymandered congressional districts .
That is , politicians in congress having the ability to draw an outline around the group of people they want to represent ( which is based on how likely they are to vote for said politician ’s re-election ) .
The resulting shapes are often comical , insofar as you ’re willing to be cheerful in a “ politics is perpetually broken and corrupt ” kind of way .
Chris Wilson writes :
It ’s tough to find many defenders of the status quo , in which a supermajority of House seats are noncompetitive .
( Congressional Quarterly ranked 324 of the 435 seats as “ safe ” for one party or the other in 2008 . )
The mathematicians — and social scientists and lawyers — who gathered to discuss the subject Thursday are certain there ’s a better way to do it .
They just have n’t quite figured out what it is .
The meeting also seemed to include a contest ( knock down , drag out , winner take pocket protector ) between the presenters each trying to one - up each other for worst district .
For instance , Florida ’s 23rd , provided by govtrack.us :
Which does n’t seem awful at first , until you see the squiggle up the coast .
Or Pennsylvania ’s 12th , which Wilson describes as “ an anchor glued to a sea anemone . ”
Fixing the problem is difficult , but sometimes there are elegant and straightforward metrics that get you closer to a solution :
The most interesting proposal of the afternoon came from a Caltech grad student named Alan Miller , who proposed a simple test :
If you take two random people in a district , what are the odds that one can walk in a straight line to the other without ever leaving the district ?
( Actually , it ’s without leaving the district while remaining in the state , so as not to penalize districts like Maryland ’s 6th , which has to account for Virginia ’s hump . )
This rewards neat , simple shapes .
But it penalizes districts like Maryland ’s 3rd , which looks like something out of Kandinsky ’s Improvisation 31 .
This turns the issue into something directly testable ( two residents and their path ) for which we can calculate a probability — the sort of thing statisticians love ( because it can be measured ) .
Given this criteria ( and others like it ) for congressional district godliness , another proposal was a kind of Netflix Prize for redistricting , where groups could compete to develop the best redistricting algorithm .
Such an algorithm would seek to remove the ( bipartisan ) mischief by limiting human intervention .
The original article also includes a slide show of particularly heinous district shapes .
And as an aside , the images above , while enormously useful , illustrate part of my beef with mash - ups : Google Maps was designed as a mapping application , not a mapping - with - stuff - on - it application .
So when you add data to the map image — itself a completed design — you throw off that balance .
It ’s difficult to read the additional information ( the district area ) , and the information that ’s there ( the map coloring , specific details of the roads ) is more than necessary for this purpose .
Texting using emoticons has become increasingly popular A series of punctuation marks used to convey a wink in text messages - known as an emoticon - has been trademarked in Russia , says a local businessman .
Entrepreneur Oleg Teterin said the trademark for the ;-) emoticon was granted to him by Russia 's federal patent agency .
But critics doubt the trademark 's legal basis as the emoticon has been in the public domain for years .
Mr Teterin said he would chase firms using the symbol without permission .
" I want to highlight that this is only directed at corporations , companies that are trying to make a profit without the permission of the trademark holder , " Mr Teterin said in comments on the Russian TV channel , NTV .
" Legal use will be possible after buying an annual licence from us , " he was quoted by the newspaper Kommersant as saying .
" It wo n't cost that much - tens of thousands of dollars , " added the businessman , who is president of Superfone , a company that sells advertising on mobile phones .
But he said he does not plan on tracking down individual users of the emoticon .
He also said since other similar emoticons - :-) or ;) or :) - resemble the one he has trademarked , use of those symbols could also fall under his ownership .
Some observers say the announcement by Mr Teterin is a gimmick .
The president of Russian social networking site odnoklassniki.ru , Nikita Sherman said : " You 're not likely to find any retards in Russia who 'll pay Superfone for the use of emoticons " .
Alexander Malis , a director of the firm Vympelkom , said his company would not pay on principle , and jokingly suggested patenting brackets .
According to Russian media , Mr Teterin is not the first person to try to trademark the ;-) symbol in Russia .
Kommersant said in 2005 a St Petersburg court upheld an appeal from the German corporation Siemens , which was sued by a Russian man claiming he held the trademark .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Best Online Blackjack Casinos Reviewed and Ranked
Blackjack is arguably the most popular card game online .
Every operator provides this game , but some have a much better offering than others .
This page will give you all of the information you require to play at a safe , fun online casino .
I have created a list of the best blackjack casinos in the world to help you make the most of your online gaming experience .
When it comes to finding the best place to play online blackjack , it ’s not simply the products that are important .
You also need to consider the RTPs , table limits and bonuses that are available .
It ’s also crucial for you to understand as much as possible about the game .
For in - depth explanations of the rules , strategies and history , you can look through my other blackjack articles .
The Best Blackjack Sites
A good game selection is the principal factor in identifying a good blackjack casino .
A varied game library is a plus and the best blackjack sites will offer welcome bonuses with conditions that favor all gaming products as well .
These five online blackjack sites are the top options that meet these criteria , while also meeting my safety , licencing and security requirements .
My Top 6 Blackjack Online Casinos 2020 Casino Bonus Highlights Rating Secure Link T&C’s 888 casino 100 % UP TO £ 100 48 blackjack games , Super Stakes Blackjack , Great live lobby 5/5 Score Receive Bonus !
Full T&Cs apply .
No Deposit Offer : New players only .
£ 88 is granted in FreePlay ( FP ) .
FP must be claimed within 48 hrs of receiving the email and expires after 14 days .
FP wins are credited as bonus and capped at £ 15 , exc. JP win .
Deposit Bonus Offer : £ 20 min deposit .
100 % up to £ 100 Bonus .
Bonus wins are capped at £ 500 .
To withdraw bonus & related wins , wager 30 x ( bonus amount ) within 90 days .
Restrictions apply to deposit until wagering requirement fulfilled .
Mansion Casino 100 % UP TO £ 500 29 blackjack games , Blackjack Switch , High average RTP 5/5 Score Receive Bonus !
Full T&Cs apply .
New customers only .
Min deposit £ 20 max bonus amount £ 500 .
First deposit : 100 % up to £ 200 .
Second deposit : 50 % up to £ 300 .
Wagering 40 x for each bonus .
Game weighting applies .
Cashback : 5 % cashback on first and all other deposits during week 1 , 10 % cashback on all additional deposits taking place in week 2 only .
Bonus betting limits : slots - £ 5 all other games - 10 % of bonus amount .
Betway 100 % UP TO £ 50 87 blackjack games , Vegas Strip Blackjack , Over 750 games 5/5 Score Receive Bonus !
Full T&Cs apply .
New customers only .
Opt - in required .
100 % Match Bonus up to £ 50 on 1st deposit of £ 10+. 50 x bonus wagering applies as do weighting requirements .
Debit Card & PayPal deposits only .
This offer is valid for 7 days from your new account being registered .
Irregular gameplay may invalidate your bonus .
Grosvenor 100 % UP TO £ 20 5 blackjack games , Blackjack Perfect Pairs , Fair bonus terms 4.5/5 Score Receive Bonus !
Full T&Cs apply .
First deposit only .
Min £ 20 deposit .
5X wagering .
30 day validity .
See the operator 's promotions page for full details .
Always gamble responsibly .
BetVictor WAGER £ 10 GET £ 50 17 blackjack games , Double Exposure Blackjack , Over 800 games 4.5/5 Score Receive Bonus !
Full T&Cs apply .
New Customers .
£ 70 Bonus = 2 x £ 20 bonus +3 x £ 10 bonuses for selected games up to 60 x wagering .
Bonuses expiry 3 days .
Card payments only and wager £ 10 within 7 days of registration .
Please Gamble Responsibly .
Grand Ivy 100 % UP TO £ 1,500 31 blackjack tables , Blackjack Buster , Great atmosphere 4.5/5 Score Receive Bonus !
Full T&Cs apply .
18 +. New players only .
One bonus offer per player .
Minimum deposit £ 20 , max bonus bet is £ 5 , bonus spins on selected games only and must be used within 72 hours .
Bonus funds must be used within 30 days otherwise any unused bonus shall be removed .
Bonus funds are 100 % match up to £ 300 on your 1st deposit , 25 % match up to £ 800 on your 2nd deposit , and 50 % match up to £ 400 on your 3rd deposit .
Bonus funds are separate to cash funds and are subject to 35 x wagering the total bonus , cash & bonus spins .
Only bonus funds contribute towards any wagering requirements .
www.begambleaware.org.
The welcome bonus is always a topic of interest for casino gaming enthusiasts , especially in finding out how favourable the conditions are for players .
You will learn more about this topic further down the page .
There are a lot of other intricacies to the popular card game that I have separated into their own holistic articles , which you can peruse at your leisure simply through the navigation buttons below .
What Makes These Blackjack Casinos the Best ?
The market is flooded with online casinos where you can play online blackjack , but not all of them are worth your time .
The top five you see above are all licensed by the United Kingdom Gambling Commission ( UKGC ) as having a fair and safe gaming environment .
As well as meeting high fairness standards , which I ’ll discuss in another section , they have also not just met , but exceeded expectations in five other important factors .
Let ’s get some more details on these five criteria in the sections below , where you will learn all about the different variants of the game , how to identify a decent bonus , what constitutes good customer service and the differences between the live and online versions that are out there .
The Online Blackjack Sites and Game Selections
Good casinos should have a wide selection of different online blackjack products .
In fact , there are very few blackjack casino sites who will only provide the base game and nothing else .
Alongside the base game you ’ll find many variations that slightly tweak the rules .
For example , there are variants where the player must take back their chips if the result is a tie , or ones where you can switch cards between your two hands .
Try out the demo game below for free .
–
There are lots of new and innovative variants online which are worlds apart from traditional versions .
Take , for example , Playtech ’s 21 Duel Blackjack , which changes how cards are dealt .
Also , the maximum number of cards that are permitted in a hand is three .
Another interesting variant is Blackjack Switch .
In this , you play with two hands and have the option to switch your top cards between hands to improve your chances of winning .
Below you can find the most popular titles available online .
Read full reviews and to try your favourite in demo mode .
The above selection is just an introduction to the different online blackjack varieties that are available out there , but it does a fantastic job at highlighting the creations of the industry ’s leading software developers such as powerhouses Microgaming , Playtech and NetEnt , alongside up - and - coming Reading - based firm Realistic Games .
1/8 Crazy Blackjack
This game includes three incredible side bets .
There is the Highest Hand Bet , where you predict the highest hand to get paid , the Safe Bet , where the worst of hands will pay out , and the 777 Jackpot Bet , where you can win a huge jackpot prize .
2/8 Spanish 21
In this variant , all 10s are removed from the deck .
Doubling after splitting is allowed , as is the re-splitting of aces , and the player is allowed to split three times .
Plus , there is the option of late surrender .
3/8 21 Duel
This innovative title has two community cards in the centre of the table .
The player and the dealer must both choose one of the cards to play with after their cards have been dealt .
There is an optional 2 Up side bet available in the game .
4/8 Blackjack Switch Undoubtedly one of the most innovative variants of the classic .
In this variant , you play with two hands simultaneously .
When the cards are dealt , you have the option to swap your top two cards to create the optimal hand .
5/8 Double Attack Blackjack
As with Spanish 21 , a 48 - card deck is used in this variant , with the 10s removed .
After the dealer ’s first card has been drawn , you can place an additional bet .
Also , the Bust It ! side bet allows you to bet that the dealer will go bust with his / her third card .
6/8 Double Exposure Blackjack
Unlike the classic game , in this variant you see everyone ’s cards as they are dealt .
This enables you to make clearer decisions on when to hit and when to stand , as you already know the dealer ’s hand .
7/8 Pontoon
One of the best known variants , Pontoon features several changes to the usual rules .
For starters , there are different names for Hit , Stand and Double – though the moves remain .
You can only stand if your hand total is 15 or more , and you can split if you have two matching cards .
8/8 Deal or No Deal Blackjack
This is a twist on the option to surrender that is offered in some variants .
The game follows standard rules , offering you a cash amount at each stage for you to take if you want , but that means giving up your hand and its potential winnings .
< >
It is always a good idea to read the rules of every version before you begin to play , as small differences can be found even in two games with the same name .
These differences may seem small , but can make a huge difference .
Live Blackjack Sites with Real Dealers
Take a look at some of the most popular live blackjack games in action .
Casino games with real dealers are extremely popular , and pretty much all live casinos provide numerous different tables .
However , there are n’t many special variants of this game available in the live stream .
Apart from the classic version , you might find Blackjack Party from leading live developer Evolution Gaming , which significantly plays up the fun factor .
While it follows the usual basic rules , the entertainment is taken to a whole new level with not one , but two dealers at the helm .
They ’re typically quite chatty and upbeat , with lots of banter up their sleeves .
This live table takes stakes from as low as 50 p , so low rollers and casual players will appreciate this setup .
You can also let the choice of dealers guide your selection , and check for any desired side bet options .
The chat functionality is available in all live offerings , so you wo n’t ever be left hanging if you feel like socializing while playing .
If you are interested in playing live , two of the best choices are 888 casino , and BetVictor offers more than 35 different live tables .
Playing Blackjack on the Move
As the popularity of smartphones and tablets continues to grow exponentially , blackjack has become increasingly popular on portable devices , as result , the best blackjack games can be found on mobile devices .
Many of the RNG - based blackjack products are developed using mobile - friendly code language HMTL5 , which means you can play them directly in your browser window without needing to download an app .
Best Blackjack Casino for Mobile Devices Best Blackjack Casino for Mobile Devices AppStore Play Store 14 Blackjack Games
Many operators also have dedicated apps that you can download for iOS or Android , but mobile - optimised blackjack sites are the way of the future .
However , this is a relatively new development and so there are fewer casino games available on a mobile casino than on a desktop version .
Much more information on this topic can be found in this mobile blackjack article , which gives you recommendations on the best apps for blackjack .
Lots of Payment Options Available
Included in important criteria for being heralded as one of my top six blackjack casinos is ease of use in all aspects , such as its payment systems .
Having a good variety of options for its users to choose between when making a deposit or withdrawal is a good first step .
I have made sure to include operators that , of course , offer credit cards as a standard , as well as accepting eWallets and prepaid debit cards such as paysafecard .
One of the most popular methods of payment for blackjack players is PayPal .
betway Best Blackjack Casino with PayPal Deposit
Use the popular eWallet and join a table £ 50 Welcome Bonus Play Here !
Full T&Cs apply .
New customers only .
Opt - in required .
100 % Match Bonus up to £ 50 on 1st deposit of £ 10+. 50 x bonus wagering applies as do weighting requirements .
Debit Card & PayPal deposits only .
This offer is valid for 7 days from your new account being registered .
Irregular gameplay may invalidate your bonus .
PayPal has become a go - to option for leading operators thanks to its usability , immediacy and simplicity .
The operator above is a great option as one of the best online casinos with the eWallet option , where you can fund your real money gaming on many variants with ease .
Alongside these popular and well - used methods are some newer alternatives , such as paying with Bitcoin .
This is still a pretty new system for the industry so I wo n’t go into too much detail , but you can read more about it here .
Picking Favourable Bonus Conditions
A bonus that is specifically provided for blackjack is a rarity .
However , many welcome offers for new players can be used to play online blackjack .
When looking out for a good bonus , it is not simply the amount you get that you should pay attention to .
Having favourable conditions is much more important since this is something that will determine how useful a welcome offer will actually be .
Any awarded sum will need to be turned over a certain number of times before you can withdraw any winnings you have made with it , and this wagering requirement varies from one operator to another .
You can see details like this and a list of casino bonuses on our dedicated page for bonuses .
Betfair Best Blackjack Bonus Welcome Bonus 100 % up to £ 100 Betfair Bonus Terms Bonus Code : Not needed
Minimum Deposit : £ 10
Wagering Requirements : 45 x bonus
Bonus Period : 7 days Claim Bonus !
Weighting of stakes Slot machines * 0 % Roulette** 0 % Blackjack 0 %
Also , keep in mind the fact that games with a low house edge will only contribute a small percentage towards meeting the wagering requirements .
Since online blackjack has one of the lowest house edges of all offerings , only a small portion of your wagered money will count towards fulfilling the playthrough requirements .
Some operators exclude blackjack wagers from playthrough contributions altogether .
Therefore , what you should aim for is a casino that will contribute 10 % – 20 % towards wagering .
This can be considered good value for the player , within the scope of options .
It is highly unusual to find higher values than this .
Promotions where it counts for less than 10 % are simply a waste of your time .
It would almost certainly cost you money in the long run .
Claiming a welcome offer at an online casino is a choice that you can make , and you are not required to do so .
If you have selected a good operator for your gaming experience but are n’t interested in the promotion , or if it has tricky bonus conditions , you can opt - out of the promotion on registration .
To save a bit of time , look for Playtech casinos when trying to spot favourable conditions .
On sites like Ladbrokes or William Hill , most blackjack titles contribute 20 % towards wagering requirements .
One of the best bonus options for this game is at Betfair , where it contributes a huge 50 % .
This sum is as yet unmatched by any other operator .
If you get tired of the card tables , you ’ll have a huge choice in other categories , each with plenty of innovative variants .
888 casino also provides a generous welcome bonus , and a big selection of unique promotions specifically tailored towards live streaming card tables .
Extra Promotions , Plus Loyalty and VIP Programs
The best operators out there will have other types of bonuses available other than just the welcome offers .
Many will have seasonal promotions for a short period , time - specific deals on particular days of the week or offers that highlight gameplay styles .
These change quite frequently due to the nature of the promotions , so the promotions in the table below are purely examples .
However , the operators listed in my top six blackjack online casinos are well - known for having these kinds of promotions , so check them out and see what ’s current .
Deposit £ 20 or more at 888 casino on the 21st of the month to get £ 300 Free Play money to use in Multihand Blackjack .
1/3
Mansion Casino will give players a 20 % cashback up to £ 100 on Live Blackjack side bets during the weekends .
2/3
Hit blackjack in successive hands to ‘ beat the dealer ’ and win cash from Casino.com .
3/3 < >
Due to the relatively low - risk nature of blackjack at online casinos , the house edge is one of the tightest out there .
The potential for players to win money makes the operators less generous with the promotions and bonuses , so there are not a lot of fantastic bonuses around .
Table limits
When it comes to sticking within your budget , the thing to look out for is the table limits .
There are typically both standard and high roller tables available in both live and RNG - based games , and limits are displayed conveniently with each available table .
The table limits are set by each operator , with different developers allowing different limits based on the type of partnership they have .
In a brick and mortar casino , table limits are usually quite restrictive – the bet range typically sits between £ 5 – £ 100 .
Online , however , there are betting limits for all types of players .
Low stakes games sometimes start from as little as 10 p per hand , while some operators offer premier tables for only those with the deepest pockets .
Look no further than LeoVegas or 888 casino , where stakes of up to £ 10,000 can be placed once you step into the VIP lounge .
Other Games Found at Blackjack Online Casinos
Even though playing blackjack may be your number one priority , the best online casinos will also have other games available to play than just the one card game .
In fact , my top 6 casinos will all have anywhere between 200 and 1,000 different titles on their websites .
Most of those hundreds of games are slots , and you ’ll also find selections of roulette and poker varieties as well .
This way , if you ever need a break from blackjack or just a little bit of something new to try , you ’ll be spoilt for choice .
For the sites that perform well across the board , see our best online casinos list .
How to Recognise if Blackjack Games Are Fair
In addition to a varied game selection and a good bonus , the other important consideration with online casinos is fairness and security .
You need to be sure that you choose a blackjack site with a valid licence from the UK Gambling Commission .
This government body strictly monitors and regulates online casinos active on the UK market , with the aim to ensure that players are protected , including checking for security measures like data encryption , transparent payment processing , and regular testing of fairness through an accredited testing agency .
Another way to check for fairness is to keep a close watch on the payout rates .
All titles should have a very low house edge , meaning the return to player rate ( RTP ) can be relatively high – usually above 98 % .
This is very rewarding compared to roulette , which ranges between 94 % – 98 % , and slots , which can range from around 90 % – 97 % .
Reputable organizations such as eCOGRA and GLI produce reports showing the actual percentage of all money wagered across games that have been paid out in winnings .
Often , you ’ll see the logo of the testing agency in the footer of the blackjack site , and some casinos even let you access their latest testing reports directly , by clicking that logo .
You should , however , bear in mind that these results include wagers on all titles , including side bets .
Therefore , the average payout rate will likely be lower than the 98 % or more than you can usually expect .
However , the overall RTP should still be over 99 % .
These figures confirm the fairness and integrity of the games .
Best Blackjack Payout Rates 2020 Switch 99.87 %
Surrender 99.66 %
Pontoon 99.64 % Play Here !
Top Payouts – Games Top Payouts – Side Bets 99.87 % Blackjack Switch 97.92 % Hi Lo ( 6 Decks ) 99.66 % Blackjack Surrender 97.78 % Super Split ( 8 Decks ) 99.64 % Pontoon 97.69 % Kings Bounty ( 6 Decks ) 99.64 % Perfect Pairs Blackjack 97.45 % Super Match 99.53 % Progressive Blackjack 97.33 % Match the Dealer ( 8 Decks ) 99.53 % Blackjack Pro ( single Deck ) 97.31 % Straight 8´s ( 6 Decks ) 99.51 % Atlantic City Blackjack 97.22 % 21+3 ( 6 Decks ) 99.50 % Lucky 7 Blackjack 95.11 % Lucky 7s ( 8 Decks ) 99.42 % Blackjack Peak 95.05 % 6 in 1 ( 6 Decks ) 99.41 % Live BJ ( Evolution Gaming ) 95.01 % Perfect Pair ( 8 Decks ) 99.30 % European Blackjack 93.34 % Royal Match ( 6 Decks )
One of the best offerings with regards to payout rates is Blackjack Switch , with a theoretical return to player of a massive 99.87 % .
On top of this favourable figure , it is also one of the most interesting and engaging of variants .
Keep these numbers in mind when you browse , and you ’ll know that something smells fishy if you see an online blackjack game with an unusually high house edge .
The exception to this is only the side bets , which generally have a lower RTP of around 90 – 95 % .
Simply having side bets present usually gets factored into the overall RTP , or they will be marked separately .
In any case , it is advisable to avoid placing side bets .
The theoretical return of each variant can usually be found in the rules section of each individual game .
Blackjack Tips
Have you ever wondered when you should take insurance against dealers blackjack ?
Or which blackjack rule variations are in your favour – and what rule variations that are not ?
Find out now – read on below .
Insurance Tip
The Insurance option in blackjack is really just a side bet that the dealer with an Ace showing has a 10 in the hole .
With normal card distribution , at the 2 to 1 payoff , the insurance bet is about 8 % against you .
In other words – it ’s not a good bet at all .
Not All Blackjack Games Are Created Equal
Compared to a single deck game , a two - deck game handicaps your play - 0.35 % , four decks handicaps you , - 0.48 % , six decks , - 0.54 % and eight decks - 0.58 % .
As you can see , it is always to your advantage to play on a blackjack game that offers the fewest decks of cards .
You should also note , the house edge goes up substantially when you go from one deck to two , but the change is less dramatic as you add more decks .
Play With A Clear Head
When you feel tired , it ’s time to call it quits – or at least take a break and rest for an hour or two .
Always remember that drinking and gambling do not mix .
Only bet what you can afford to lose .
Rent , car payments and other day - to - day expenses have no place in a casino – be it online or land - based .
Know All The Rules
Too many players do n’t even consider the rules before they sit down and play .
If you do n’t know the blackjack rules or any of the blackjack playing strategies , learn the game on a free demo blackjack machine – or use the free blackjack trainer found right here at online - Casinos.com .
A real money blackjack game should not be your classroom .
Advantages of Online Blackjack Casinos
Playing blackjack online offers several factors which trump playing at a land - based casino .
In the following section , I ’ll go over the most glaring and beneficial of these factors , so as to not to leave any information gaps for when you ’re deciding whether online blackjack gambling is really the right shout for you .
1 . Try the Game for Free Imagine walking into your local gambling establishment and asking if you can have a try of a hand without placing a wager .
To play , you have to bet .
You ’d be laughed right out of the place !
Online , you can play demo games for free , and only start playing for real money when you ’re ready .
I have reviewed many different variants , and all have demos you can try with no risk , right now .
2. Play in Private
The ability to remain anonymous when gambling is a much - appreciated advantage of the online casino .
Being able to make wagers as low or as high as you want without judgement from other players is an absolute perk you ca n’t get in a land - based house .
3. Do n’t Tip the Dealer
In a bricks - and - mortar casino , it ’s good practice to tip a dealer should they deliver you a hot streak of winning hands .
However , giving a tip is n’t possible in any RNG - based blackjack titles , and most live versions do n’t offer the option either .
More cash for you to play with instead !
4. More Interesting Side Bets Available
As there are more types of games online , you will also find a much wider array of side bets available across the board – whereas in a brick and mortar casino you generally just find the insurance side bet .
The online blackjack scene offers much more to dig your teeth into , if you ’re into side bets , that is .
Take your pick of bets for pairs , certain card combinations , or chances to win progressive jackpots .
5. Easier to Use Betting Strategies
In order to maximise your profits , you should play using a strategy .
This can be easily done by using strategy charts : sheets and cards are available for every game variant , with each indicating the recommended action for every card combination .
Of course , if you were to sit down at a table in a casino and pull out your strategy sheets , you would surely be frowned upon .
But when playing online , you have the freedom to use whatever tools you want .
Conclusion : Play Blackjack at the Top Casinos
In terms of the sheer volume of games , you can spot some heavy hitters in the top six selection above .
On the other hand , the casinos with a smaller selection of games provide some unique and interesting variants .
These sites also offer generous bonuses with favourable conditions , and that ’s why these appear in the list as well .
Additionally , players who are after low stakes will find the perfect spot within this selection as well .
Playing blackjack online is simple at any of my top operators , with the added benefit of bonuses and promotions to boot !
Simon Rose www.online-casinos.com
To the Top 6 !
If you ’re convinced that you want to play blackjack online , but still want more information , check out my other articles on this topic for a completely holistic collection of information .
Frequently Asked Questions About Blackjack
If you have any questions about the game at hand , online casinos or any other related topics , you can send me an email to contact@online-casinos.com and I will respond as soon as possible , or add your inquiry to the following frequently asked questions .
How do I play blackjack ?
The aim of blackjack is to have a better hand than the dealer , with the best possible card total being 21 .
For the full rules and a step - by - step guide , check out this rules article .
Is it better to play online or offline blackjack ?
The is largely down to personal preference , however , there are certainly plenty of advantages to playing the online game .
For instance , you can practice as much as you want , you can play in private or in groups , you do n't have to feel any societal pressure to the tip the dealer and there are a lot more variants available with different side bets for those who play online .
Is online blackjack popular ?
Online blackjack has become really popular in recent years as it is really easy to learn and play .
The objective of the game is to beat the dealer by getting as close to 21 as possible or by not going bust .
This gives the game that widespread appeal as literally anyone can learn how to play .
Can you play online blackjack against other people ?
There is a common misconception with the online game that you can compete against other players .
You can absolutely join tables with other players but you will always be competing only with the dealer .
A few variants with different rules do exist where you can also compete with other players but these are very rare .
The ambulance driver who took John Travolta 's late son to hospital following his fatal seizure has been formally charged for his part in an alleged plot to extort money from the movie star .
The Bahamas ' Minister of National Security , Tommy Turnquest , has confirmed Tarino Lightbourne was charged with conspiracy to extort on Monday .
Jett Travolta , 16 , succumbed to a seizure disorder while the Travolta family were vacationing in the Bahamas on January 2 .
Lightbourne was arrested on Friday , one day after former Senator Pleasant Bridgewater was detained for her alleged involvement in the plot .
Bridgewater resigned from her post following the arrest and has been released on $ 40,000 ( €30,000 ) bail .
Their arrests follow reports the pair worked together to take a photograph of the Pulp Fiction star 's son as he lay dying in an alleged $ 25 m ( €18.79 m ) extortion scheme .
Details of the reported extortion plot have not been made public , although reports on TMZ.com suggest the alleged plot does not involve photographs .
The Bahamas former Minister of Tourism Obie Wilchcombe , a close friend of the Travoltas , was also questioned by police on Friday .
But Turnquest tells the website Wilchcombe " has not been charged " , adding , " He was not arrested ; he was questioned on Friday . "
Release Candidate of Internet Explorer Shown Lagging Open Source Browsers
by Ostatic Staff - Jan. 27 , 2009
Related Blog Posts
ZDNet Australia has been putting the new Release Candidate for Microsoft 's Internet Explorer version 8 through benchmark tests and a look at the results shows that Microsoft is seriously lagging Firefox 3.1 ( beta 1 ) and Google Chrome .
That 's especially true for JavaScript tests , where IE8 is about three times slower than Firefox and Chrome .
( Surprisingly Opera lags behind them too . )
Along with initiatives to put browsers other than Microsoft's on computers as default choices , this could spell trouble for Microsoft 's browser dominance .
We 've written before about the fact that extensions are coming for Google Chrome as well as Google 's plans to put Chrome on computers as the default browser .
In ZDNet Australia 's benchmark tests , Chrome is currently the fastest browser , and there are also going to be versions for the Mac and Linux coming out in the first half of this year .
All of this bodes well for Chrome .
Still , my browser of choice remains Firefox .
It 's nearly as fast as Chrome in every test , including JavaScript tests , but more importantly , I can't live without the many useful extensions that are already available for it .
None of this is to say that I wo n't use Internet Explorer at all , though .
I 'll get the new version and make some use of it when I occasionally run into problems with rendering or forms at some web sites .
I do that now -- about one percent of the time I spend browsing .
As noted in Microsoft 's latest financial statements , the European Commission is applying heavy pressure to force the company to offer browser choice on new computers running Windows :
" While computer users and OEMs are already free to run any Web browsing software on Windows , the Commission is considering ordering Microsoft and OEMs to obligate users to choose a particular browser when setting up a new PC .
Such a remedy might include a requirement that OEMs distribute multiple browsers on new Windows - based PCs .
We may also be required to disable certain unspecified Internet Explorer software code if a user chooses a competing browser . "
Microsoft CEO
Steve Ballmer has already made reference to possible plans to incorporate an open source rendering engine in its browser ( singling out WebKit ) and at this point I can't see how the company can continue to ignore the urgency of that .
Internet Explorer 's one and only advantage at this point is that it is the browser that greets most computer users when they unbox their new systems .
From performance to extensibility , open source browsers Firefox and Chrome are pulling way ahead .
Dead Media Project
Working Notes arranged by category
This highly flawed index ( in both concept and execution ) immediately shows just how stupid it is to try to classify media in any way .
Which of course makes the job even more interesting .
The only definition for media I can come up with is " a method or artifact for storing or generating or transmiting human sensory stimulus " which is so broad it means nothing .
Any less and some damned thing gets left out .
There has been some discussion of this , see the meta- historical Notes for some further thoughts .
So in this futile attempt to categorize " dead media " I try to stick things in vague categories derived from the human senses .
But even this fails as you will see .
This is one of those tasks where I discourage suggestions and encourage action ; if you can come up with a better scheme ( which means : email me an edited copy of this HTML index file ! ) by all means do so .
Here is the list of new , uncategorized Notes most recently submitted to the list .
They will later be hand - placed in this index .
Most recent update : 4 January 2001
TABLE OF CATEGORIES :
Categorized dead media Notes
Obviously foolish technology misuse ( aka boy - with - hammer syndrome )
This is the severn Bridge illuminated with white GaN LEDs .
A new way of making LEDs could see household lighting bills reduced by up to 75 % within five years .
Gallium Nitride ( GaN ) , a man -made semiconductor used to make LEDs ( light emitting diodes ) , emits brilliant light but uses very little electricity .
Until now high production costs have made GaN lighting too expensive for wide spread use in homes and offices .
However , with funding from the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council ( EPSRC ) , the Cambridge University based Centre for Gallium Nitride has developed a new way of making GaN which could produce LEDs for a tenth of current prices .
GaN , grown in labs on expensive sapphire wafers since the 1990s , can now be grown on silicon wafers .
This lower cost method could mean cheap mass produced LEDs become widely available for lighting homes and offices in the next five years .
Based on current results , GaN LED lights in every home and office could cut the proportion of UK electricity used for lights from 20 % to 5 % .
That means we could close or not need to replace eight power stations .
A GaN LED can burn for 100,000 hours so , on average , it only needs replacing after 60 years .
And , unlike currently available energy - saving bulbs GaN LEDs do not contain mercury so disposal is less damaging to the environment .
GaN LEDs also have the advantage of turning on instantly and being dimmable .
Professor Colin Humphreys , lead scientist on the project said : " This could well be the holy grail in terms of providing our lighting needs for the future .
We are very close to achieving highly efficient , low cost white LEDs that can take the place of both traditional and currently available low energy light bulbs .
That wo n't just be good news for the environment .
It will also benefit consumers by cutting their electricity bills . "
GaN LEDs , used to illuminate landmarks like Buckingham Palace and the Severn Bridge , are also appearing in camera flashes , mobile phones , torches , bicycle lights and interior bus , train and plane lighting .
Parallel research is also being carried out into how GaN lights could mimic sunlight to help 3 m people in the UK with Seasonal Affective Disorder ( SAD ) .
Ultraviolet rays made from GaN lighting could also aid water purification and disease control in developing countries , identify the spread of cancer tumours and help fight hospital ' super bugs ' .
Source : Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council
Explore further Mirror - like photovoltaics get more electricity out of heat
Hobbies and Collections | Subscribe Posted by Michael Pinto on Jan 5 , 2009 in Fandom
The joy of New York City is that for a fanboy there are all sorts of unofficial landmarks that become special to you over the years — and as this is a city of change the heartbreak of this is that you realize that nothing can last forever .
And over the years I ’ve watched some of my favorite landmarks vanish like CBGBs where I spent my New Year ’s Eve in 2000 .
Well sadly it looks like Love Saves the Day will be joining the ranks of lost fanboy destinations as they will be closing their doors in mid-January .
The shop has been in business for 42 years and is a treasure trove of collectable pop culture with an eclectic mix of everything from Beatlemania to Star Wars goodies .
The shop survived several moves and rent hikes — but the final blow was when Leslie Herson ( the co-partner of Richard Herson ) passed away .
The business was a husband - wife partnership and poor Richard did n’t have the heart to go on :
Camila Alves & Baby Levi McConaughey Photos
Brazilian supermodelwas photographed while shopping at Fred Segal in Los Angeles on Friday .
In her arms was her adorable young son
The six month old is the son of actor Matthew McConaughey , whose latest movie , The Ghost of Girlfriends Past is currently in post production .
Check out more photos of young Levi below .
Photos : WENN
A house of worship of the Gonabadi dervishes in Isfahan has reportedly been destroyed by the Iranian authorities .
The reason for the destruction -- which reportedly took place shortly after midnight on February 18 -- is not clear , but it comes amid growing pressure on dervishes , who practice the Sufi tradition of Islam , and other religious minorities in Iran .
The dervish house of worship , or hosseinieh , was located next to the tomb of the great poet and dervish Naser Ali at the historical Takht-e Foulad cemetery , where a number of respected Iranian figures are buried .
Dervishes gathered there to pray , meditate , read Sufi poetry , and perform religious ceremonies .
In recent months , following the demolition of several dervish sites throughout Iran , dervishes in Isfahan had expressed concern that their hosseinieh could meet a similar fate .
To prevent that from happening , several of the local dervishes were spending nights at the hosseinieh to keep watch .
But there was little they could do when , in the early hours of February 18 , some 200 members of the security forces , police , and plainclothes agents arrived .
The dervishes ' mobile phones were taken away to prevent them from informing others of the raid , and they were detained and transferred to a police station .
Abdol Saleh Loghmani , one of the Isfahan dervishes , told RFE / RL that the security forces cut off water and electricity to the area , and destroyed the walls around the poet 's tomb with a bulldozer .
" They also destroyed the library where [ religious ] books were kept .
They demolished the big hall where we had our Monday and Friday ceremonies and also our Sunday dawn meetings .
They took away all the carpets and other property , " he said .
He said the five people were detained , but they were released after the authorities completed the demolition .
He that added authorities then dispersed the dervishes who , after hearing the news about the destruction , had gathered around the site .
Crackdown On Minorities
Sufis in Isfahan and elsewhere in Iran see the raid as just one part of a campaign by conservatives against the Gonabadi dervishes .
The crackdown has included arrests , court summons , and accusations in the media that Sufism is a deviation from true Islam .
A Sufi house of worship was demolished in the city of Qom in 2006 ; another was partially destroyed in Borujerd in 2007 ; and a Sufi prayer house in Kish was forced to close late in 2008 .
Some Sufis have faced arrest , been sentenced to lashings , or been forced to pledge not to attend Sufi ceremonies .
Mostafa Azmayesh , the author of several books on Sufism and the representative of the Gonabadi dervishes outside Iran , told RFE / RL that what he describes as " hidden pressure " on dervishes is also growing .
Authorities " have said that dervishes are not allowed to be buried in Beydokht [ the main birthplace of leaders of the Gonabadi dervishes ] anymore , " he said .
" There is a [ cemetery ] there that belongs to the Gonabadi branch , and some dervishes write in their testaments that they want to be buried there -- but the Beydokht municipality has banned it . "
Sufis observe Islamic beliefs , but they also believe in pursuit of the truth through mysticism .
Some conservative clerics consider Sufism a danger to Islam .
Dervishes believe that what they describe as their sect 's growing popularity is one of the reasons behind the growing state pressure .
They say many Iranians are fed up with the official state interpretation of Islam and are attracted to alternative approaches .
Azmayesh says it is clear that there is growing state intolerance toward religious minorities in Iran .
" These demolitions ... demonstrate the oppression and crimes that are being committed against the religious minorities in Iran -- when they treat dervishes that are Shi'ite Muslims in this manner .
It 's not clear what [ authorities ] do to the other [ Iranian citizens ] who are the followers of other religions , " he said .
Rights groups say respect for religious freedom has deteriorated in Iran since hard - line President Mahmud Ahmadinejad took power some four years ago .
Service operators generally suck at saying they ’re sorry .
I should know , I ’ve had to do it plenty of times and it ’s always hard .
There ’s really never a great way to say it , but there sure are plenty of terrible ways .
One of the worst stock dummies that even I have resorted to in a moment of weakness is this terrible non-apology : “ We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused ” .
Oh please .
Let ’s break down why it ’s bad :
“ We apologize ”
You say “ I apologize ” to someone when you bump into them on the subway , not if you spill your coffee all over them .
Then you ’re “ really , really sorry ! ” .
If your service is important to your users , it ’s a lot more like spilling coffee all over them than it is like bumping into them when you go down .
Also , you should find someone willing to take personal responsibility .
Even if it ’s not directly their fault .
There ’s always someone who ’s in charge , someone who stops the buck .
Hiding behind a faceless “ we ” is weak .
“ Any inconvenience ”
First of all , if I depend on a service and ca n’t get to it , it ’s not an inconvenience .
It might bloody very well be a full - on crisis .
An inconvenience is when I ca n’t get my flavor of milkshake at Potbelly ’s or if there ’s line at the grocery store .
This ai n’t that .
Using the word “ any ” makes it even worse .
It ’s implying that you do n’t really care what bucket my frustrations fit in .
Every feeling I have about this will apparently fit the “ inconvenience ” header .
Wrong .
“ This may have caused ”
Again , this is slighting the very real experience that I am actually having right now .
If this did n’t affect me , you do n’t really need to say you ’re sorry .
If it did affect me , it did n’t “ may have caused ” .
It caused !
Stop wavering .
So what ’s the perfect way to say that you ’re sorry ?
Well , if I could come up with such a generic way , then it would probably sound pretty hollow pretty fast .
There ’s just no relying on a stock answer for these situations , but I ’ve found the number # 1 principle that helps me :
How would I feel about it ?
The most important part of saying you ’re sorry is to project some real empathy .
If you ca n’t put yourself in your users ’ shoes , then it ’s going to out wrong .
So I try to pick a tone that ’s proportional to how I would feel about the outage .
Which is very situational depending on the length of time , the response , the updates , etc .
Oh , one more thing .
Never , ever call an outage an “ availability event ” .
Just crazy , the stories he comes up with , like his graphic novel ( pictured ) .
It takes place in a world in which all the men have died of a mysterious plague .
There 's a battle for the last standing man .
A mass female war .
Yet amazingly , despite the far - fetched premise , the story still comes across as compulsively real .
From the buzz - cut protesters cheering the demise of men to the widows of Republican senators who stage an armed coup , the fears , actions , and impulses of the characters who inhabitare absurd yet entirely human .
And it's for this very reason that whenthat mad - hatter puree ofandwas foundering in season two -- or maybe the right word is -- one of the show 's creators , Damon Lindelof , did the unthinkable :
He took Vaughan , a virtual unknown in Hollywood , into a dark cave somewhere beneath Malibu and opened the creaky old book of 's secrets .
The effect felt almost immediate .
Vaughan , now a producer , brought the show levity , weirdness , and political verve .
Yet the scenarios , no matter how far - fetched or fantastic , still felt somewhat possible .
It was everything that Vaughan had been doing while writing in near anonymity -- first forandand then for his own mind - tweaking comics , likeabout a superhero politician in post - 9/11 New York .
" I usually dream up a dozen or so profoundly stupid ' high concepts ' for stories every day , " says Vaughan , a 32 - year - old Cleveland native .
" When one is so bad that I can't seem to shake it after a few weeks , it usually means I have no choice but to write about it , often because that lame high concept is a way for me to explore something that makes me confused or furious about the world . "
Following his success with Lost , Vaughan has been fully co-opted by Hollywood .
He adapted Y for the big screen , and Ex Machina and Runaways , another graphic novel , about kids who find out their parents are supervillains , are next .
Like the conclusion of Lost , which Lindelof and cocreator Carlton Cuse have already sketched out , Vaughan has written his career arc -- his twenties dedicated to comics , his thirties to film and television , and his forties , hopefully , to novels .
" I 'd love to work with prose .
I feel I have n't earned that yet , but I 'd like to end up there eventually , " he says .
Lindelof imagines something similar .
" I 've been in this town a long time , and Vaughan is one of the only writers I 've met who writes purely for himself .
That being said , his vision is so unpredictable , he 's likely to conjure up one of those Being John Malkovich game - changing scripts that sorta fries your brain and then wins the frigging Oscar . "
What Lindelof is talking about is a plot that is so absurd and fantastic that it rings oddly true , much like Vaughan 's career .
RELATED STORIES :
BEST + BRIGHTEST 2008 : 27 More New Geniuses Whose Ideas Will Change the World !
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Top Forbes editor calls Employee Free Choice
Act ' pro-slavery ' RAW STORY
Published : Sunday February 1 , 2009
Print This Email This Intensifying the polarized rhetoric surrounding the Employee Free Choice Act , a top Forbes magazine editor called the bill " anti- free choice " and " pro-slavery " on Fox News Saturday .
Appearing on Forbes on Fox , Forbes national editor Mike Ozanian also said the bill " would be bad for the economy , bad for jobs , and bad for consumers .
It would essentially allow unions to bully people into joining them . "
In fact , as the House Committee on Education and Labor says on its website , the Employee Free Choice
Act would make the choice between the National Labor Relations Board 's secret ballot election process and a card sign - up process " a majority choice of the employees , not the employer . "
During the Forbes on Fox discussion , Forbes.com contributor John Rutledge said , " Banning secret ballots , that is a terrible idea .
This is a Gestapo tactic . "
On - screen text during the segment featured the sentences " Union Membership Soaring ; Why Ban Secret Votes at Work ? " and " Unions Push to Ban Secret Votes at Work as Membership Soars . "
But the bill would not " ban " secret - ballot elections .
Rather , it would in part allow workers to decide whether to hold a secret ballot election or a majority sign - up process when dealing with the question of unionization , Media Matters said Saturday .
U.S. union membership actually increased in 2008 , but Employee Free Choice act supporters say the bill is needed to allow workers to freely unionize .
U.S. business leaders remain staunchly opposed to the measure .
The following video was broadcast Saturday Jan. 31 , 2009 .
Maven vs .
Ant is one of the semi-religious topics ( like IntelliJ vs. Eclipse , SWT vs. Swing or Spring vs. EJB ) .
Dependent on you specifics needs , both build tools may be interesting for you .
Ant is just a framework , or a build - DSL which can not be used out of the box .
You have to create your build - script from existing Ant - tasks .
The Ant tasks do not presrcibe any conventions or configuration - the definition of project layout is your responsibility .
You have full control of whatever you are doing - what can become a problem in bigger projects .
Maven can be understood as " Ant With Convention Over Configuration " .
In fact if you rely on conventions like the " Standard Directory Layout " , you can start without any fraction or configuration with maven .
You will only need a good internet connection for the first build :-) .
As with every Convention Over Configuration framework , you will have to understand the conventions to be able to work efficiently .
In case the conventions do not work in your case , you will have to overwrite them - and the complexity of this task is really hard to estimate .
The real strength of maven is the dependency management .
You only have to declare the dependencies - maven will download them , setup the classpath for you , and even deploy the dependencies with your application if required .
Maven manages not only the direct dependencies for you - but even the dependencies of the dependecies ( transitive dependencies ) .
This is the real strength of maven .
Ant does n't have such capabilities out - of - the - box ( except ivy ) and it will take a considerable amount of work to emulate Maven 's dependency management with Ant .
I use maven and ant in my projects , the choice is dependent on the specific needs .
Maven is great if :
You are working with many " creative " developers .
It will be hard to establish a defined project structure etc. without tool support .
The developers are religious about their IDE - and are using IntelliJ , Netbeans and Eclipse at the same time .
You are building a product - like application .
You will have to manage different versions and branches with their dependencies .
You project consists of several teams which work on dependent modules .
This modules have to be composed to the application regularly .
You plan to use checkstyle , pmd , generate a project website etc .
Its easy with maven .
On the other hand I would choose ant for :
Well , I 'm not being foreclosed on - yet - just barely hanging on .
This freebie is for the folks that are really hurting right now .
I 'm gonna have a few steaks , some burgers , coleslaw - whatever - throw together a little party for total strangers - be a couple 30 packs of bud light too ( for the over 21 crowd , thanks ) .
This is n't a sex party , orgy , ai n't gonna be no drugs .
Just decent food and hopefully some good conversation .
I miss the " old " days when total strangers used to wave at each other walking down the street - Phoenix area USED to be like that .
Now - people flip each other off and call each other stupid , vile names for no more reason than they 're in a bad mood , I guess .
This is my attempt to revert this trend .
Plus , damn - so many people losing their jobs , I hate it .
My company just announced more layoffs - I dodged the bullet , thank God , but - it 's happening everywhere .
Anyway , as I said , a few steaks , maybe some chicken and burgers , throw it on the grill .
Anyone a good grill chef out there ?
French fries , coleslaw , maybe some dessert , you get the pic - yes , I 'll be drinking several Bud Lights as well - you can join me .
If I get 10 people - whether that 's a family and some strangers - 10 strangers ; couples , whatever - that I 'll do it .
If not - well - what can I say .
Just want a good group of peopleRSVP today - Festivities to start late morning / early afternoon and go on however long people want to stay .
Updated : I 've sent out about 20 emails replying back to those that want to come with my address / info .
Probably will be several that wo n't reply , so there 's still room for more to come !
Just reply to this message and I will send you my info .
Location : East Phoenix it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
The black cat must not go out .
Use your skill to prevent the cat skip out the screen .
“ There are 16 gigawatts of new coal - fired generation coming online in the next few years , ” said Kevin Book , an energy policy analyst at FBR Capital Markets .
“ They may well be the last plants . ”
Mr. Rogers , 61 , may adhere to the pro-coal sentiments of many of his peers , but he is hardly a typical captain of the energy industry .
Five years ago , he began advocating for climate change legislation at a time when some companies were still saying human activity had nothing to do with global warming .
Mr. Rogers , a native of Birmingham , Ala. , considers himself an environmentalist and calls his decision to move forward with the new plant , made shortly after he became chief of Duke in April 2006 , a difficult one .
The estimated 240 million tons of carbon dioxide that will be generated over the 40 - year life of the plant , known as Cliffside , will probably never be captured , when or if such technology becomes viable .
Most proposals to capture gas involve injecting it deep into the earth .
But in North and South Carolina , where Duke operates , the underground rock is too porous to contain any gas .
“ There ’s always been a tension between affordability and clean , ” Mr. Rogers said in mid-January , sipping a cappuccino on his way to a meeting in Washington with Carol M. Browner , the White House coordinator of energy and climate policy .
“ Ultimately we need to be able to meet the energy needs of our customers .
That ’s my biggest obligation . ”
Fulfilling that responsibility through renewable energy was n’t an option , he said .
Duke , which gets 71 percent of its electricity from coal , has only recently delved into solar energy , promising to buy the entire output of a large solar farm in North Carolina and it is seeking final approval to put solar panels on rooftops at hundreds of customer sites .
Its first purchase from a wind farm has started flowing to customers in Indiana .
All that combined , though , will give Duke only 124 megawatts of energy , compared with 800 planned from Cliffside .
Hoping to mitigate some of the environmental impact of Cliffside , Mr. Rogers has promised to shut down more than an equal amount of older , more polluting power plants by 2018 .
Environmentalists are not impressed .
They say that Mr. Rogers has n’t pushed for clean energy with the same vigor he has expended on Cliffside ; for instance , he personally lobbied North Carolina utility regulators for Cliffside but not for the solar program .
“ Among the utility guys he ’s the most dangerous because he talks a good game , but his actions are among the worst , ” said Bruce E. Nilles , who oversees anti-coal initiatives for the Sierra Club .
Ah , it seems like only yesterday I was a college freshman in the dorm puffing on a tinfoil pipe and blowing the smoke through a dryer - sheet filled 20 oz bottle .
Good times .
Which could have been better if I had a wicked N64 pipe at the time .
But I did n't .
What I did have was a dorm custodian that would occasionally drop off a rubber glove stuffed with a NASCAR lighter and partially smoked pipe for me to finish off .
I 'd give anything to be 18 again .
N64 Controller Bong Combines the Two Reasons Your College GPA Sucked [ gizmodo ]
Thanks
Alex , send me a picture after you make an X - Hotbox 360 and I 'll post it .
WELLINGTON ( Reuters ) - A New Zealand man who bought a second - hand MP3 player that contained U.S. military files on personnel who served in Afghanistan and Iraq handed it over to U.S. officials on Wednesday , New Zealand media reported .
Chris Ogle , 29 , bought the $ 10 MP3 at a thrift shop in Oklahoma but when he plugged it in discovered it contained 60 U.S. military files , said New Zealand television program One News which broke the story .
The files contained the names and personal details of American soldiers , including ones who served in Afghanistan and Iraq , as well as information about equipment deployed to bases and a mission briefing , said One News .
Some files contained active mobile telephone numbers and social security numbers of military personnel .
U.S. embassy officials in New Zealand spoke to Ogle on Tuesday night and swapped his old MP3 player for a new one on Wednesday , New Zealand Press Association said .
Ogle said the officials asked him what computers the player ’s files had been loaded onto and whether he had made copies and then photographed some of the files , but would not say how sensitive the information was .
“ They asked where I ’d bought it from , the timeframe that I bought it in , ” Ogle said .
A lot of things has happened since the last tidings post : lots of spec cleanup , Rakudo left the nest , there 's an easy - to - install version of elf , and lots of small improvements .
Specification
Mark Lentczner worked on updating his " Periodic Table of the [ Perl 6 ] Operators " and asked many questions about operator parsing , meta operators , associativity and related subjects .
It appears that some of these questions triggered Larry 's dislike for the current situation , which in turn led to many improvements .
The most user visible effect is certainly that the cross -meta operator which used to be XopX is now just Xop , and there 's a new prefix - metaoperator for infix operators that reverses the order of arguments .
So sorting with reversed string comparison now can be written as @array . sort ( &infix < Rleg > ) .
Jerry " particle " Gay continued his steady improvements of the S19 draft , and eliminated some Perl5isms .
I submitted my notes about built - in testing to p6l , which started a lively and interesting discussion .
I 'm still digesting its results in the background .
Implementations
Rakudo
Rakudo left the nest and now lives on github .
Since Patrick Michaud was occupied with real - life worries right after the move we had some time with uncertainty about the current state ; but the community recovered quickly , and although we still see traces of the fallout here and there , most things work again , and development has continued .
Most notably Jonathan Worthington made two days worth of bugfixes to decimate the perl6 queue , which Carl Mäsak had tirelessly populated to over 250 open bug reports .
Also Chris Dolan implemented the make builtin , which sets the scalar portion of a Match object .
This Tuesday we will see the release of Parrot 0.9.1 , the first release that does n't come with Rakudo bundled .
After that Rakudo will have its own release schedule , although the details are n't out yet .
Elf
Mitchell Charity developed a branch of his elf compiler that 's very easy to get to run : just change to its directory and type make .
Smop
Daniel Ruoso sent a very verbose update to his TPF grant manager ; I have n't yet seen it published .
But if you follow the TPF blog you 'll probably see it appear very soon , and it 'll be loads better than anything I could try to write about smop .
Documentation
Carl Mäsak bemoaned the non-existence of user level documentation for Perl 6 , and decided to start the Userdocs for Christmas ( u4 x ) project .
It 's still mostly in the planning phase , although there are some glossary entries in there .
Packaging
This past month we 've run into the situation were we wanted to move libraries out of the projects in which they were developed , in order to share them among other projects .
Since CPAN.pm can't handle Perl 6 code , dependencies and appropriate directory structures , and no other solution was in sight .
So it was again Carl who lost his patience ( and remember , impatience is one of the three virtues of the Perl programmer ) and wrote proto , a simple script that downloads and installs Parrot , Rakudo , and various Perl 6 libraries .
LAS VEGAS — James Bond and Dick Tracy fans are likely to queue up for this soon .
The new watch phone from LG is one of the coolest gadgets at the CES 2009 show .
At a press event today , LG USA President Michael Ahn showed a working demo of the device .
It 's a surprisingly slim watch that has a touchscreen phone , 3G and Bluetooth capabilities .
It also has a camera that can take photos and small videos .
Worn on the wrist , the phone looks like any ordinary watch displaying the time but when a call comes in , the screen changes .
Just raise your hand a little closer to your mouth , press a button and you can talk into the watch through the speakerphone capability .
The watch phone is expected to go into production mid-year though the company did not offer any details on pricing .
More pics of the watch phone and a video :
Here 's a hands - on video with the phone :
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ua7nK91d3SM
WESTON , Fla .
Police released video and are searching for a man who was caught on tape stealing a 2008 volvo S40 from an auto detailer last month .
The theft was caught on surveillance video on Christmas Eve at about 2:15 p.m. at the Weston Nissan / Volvo Car Detailing Bay Area .
An employee left a four - door , blue 2008 Volvo S40 worth about $ 18,000 unattended and unlocked while he went into a nearby office .
The other employee had his back turned .
The car thief jumped into the car and drove away .
The thief is described as a white man between 23 and 28 years old who is 5 feet 10 inches tall and 200 pounds .
The man is bald and has a thin beard , police said .
The Volvo was for sale and had no tag .
The vehicle identification number is YV1MS382482382174 .
Today came the announcement that all of the major search engines are going to support a ‘ canonical ’ URL hint that will allow site owners to specify a single URL for content that may be replicated across many URLs ( such as for categories etc . ) .
To make use of this in Rails applications , I ’ve written a plugin that allows you to easily specify canonical URLs for your content .
To install it as a gem , just add this to your environment.rb :
config.gem ' mbleigh-canonical-url ' , : source => ' http://gems.github.com', :lib => ' canonical_url ' 1 config . gem ' mbleigh-canonical-url ' , : source =& gt ; ' http://gems.github.com' , : lib =& gt ; ' canonical_url '
Using it is extremely simple ; just add this to the < head > section of your layout :
<%= canonical_link_tag %> 1 & lt ; %= canonical_link_tag % & gt ;
And in your controllers , any time you want to specify a canonical URL you can do so like this :
class BlogController < ApplicationController def show @post = find_post # assume this is a standard blog post type record canonical_url blog_post_path ( post.year , post.month , post.day , post.slug ) end end 1 class BlogController & lt ; ApplicationController def show @ post = find_post # assume this is a standard blog post type record canonical_url blog_post_path ( post.year , post.month , post.day , post.slug ) end end
Now any time the show action is run , no matter how the routing came to be there , a single canonical URL will be shown in the header .
If no canonical URL is specified in the controller ( or through the canonical_link_tag helper directly ) the helper will not output anything , making it completely harmless to add to any application .
The source for the plugin is available on GitHub .
So go forth and canonize your applications !
NEW YORK  Former Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin is still mad at media coverage of her candidacy , particularly " anonymous , pathetic bloggers " who she says spread falsehoods about her .
The Alaska governor also says she 's addicted to Carmex lip balm , grew up playing flute and trombone , and says sports taught her everything she knows .
She shared those and other insights in the March issue of Esquire magazine , scheduled to hit newsstands Feb. 16 .
In the interview , Palin , who rocketed to fame as John McCain 's running mate in last year 's election , reiterated her complaints about media coverage of the campaign .
She said reporters continue to question whether her 9 - month - old son , Trig , is actually the child of her 18 - year old daughter Bristol from a secret previous pregnancy .
" I 'll tell you , yesterday the Anchorage Daily News , they called again to ask _ double - , triple - , quadruple - check _ who is Trig 's real mom , " Palin told Esquire .
" And I thought , ' Okay , more indication of continued problems in the world of journalism . ' "
Rumors that Bristol was Trig 's mother swirled on the Internet shortly after McCain chose Palin as his running mate .
But the mainstream media did not report the story until the McCain campaign announced that Bristol was pregnant , in part to tamp down the rumors about Trig .
Bristol delivered a baby boy in December .
In the interview , Palin also reiterated her wish that she had had more input on strategy during the campaign .
" If I were giving advice to myself back on the day my candidacy was announced , I 'd say , ' Tell the campaign that you 'll be callin ' some of the shots .
Do n't just assume that they know you well enough to make all your decisions for ya , " Palin said .
On other topics , Palin said she hunts and goes fishing to provide " good clean healthy protein " for her family .
Mooseburger is the secret to a good chili recipe , she said .
" I do n't know if you can get it commercially in New York , " Palin said .
" Come up here to my home , and I 'll prepare it for ya . "
Palin said she named Bristol in part for Bristol , Conn .
_ home of the sports network ESPN .
" When I was in high school , my desire was to be a sportscaster , " she said .
" Until I learned that you 'd have to move to Bristol , Connecticut .
It was far away .
So instead , I had a daughter and named her Bristol . "
___
On the Net :
http://www.esquire.com
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
This essay was originally published in the first issue of Monthly Review ( May 1949 ) .
Is it advisable for one who is not an expert on economic and social issues to express views on the subject of socialism ?
I believe for a number of reasons that it is .
Let us first consider the question from the point of view of scientific knowledge .
It might appear that there are no essential methodological differences between astronomy and economics : scientists in both fields attempt to discover laws of general acceptability for a circumscribed group of phenomena in order to make the interconnection of these phenomena as clearly understandable as possible .
But in reality such methodological differences do exist .
The discovery of general laws in the field of economics is made difficult by the circumstance that observed economic phenomena are often affected by many factors which are very hard to evaluate separately .
In addition , the experience which has accumulated since the beginning of the so - called civilized period of human history has — as is well known — been largely influenced and limited by causes which are by no means exclusively economic in nature .
For example , most of the major states of history owed their existence to conquest .
The conquering peoples established themselves , legally and economically , as the privileged class of the conquered country .
They seized for themselves a monopoly of the land ownership and appointed a priesthood from among their own ranks .
The priests , in control of education , made the class division of society into a permanent institution and created a system of values by which the people were thenceforth , to a large extent unconsciously , guided in their social behavior .
But historic tradition is , so to speak , of yesterday ; nowhere have we really overcome what Thorstein Veblen called " the predatory phase " of human development .
The observable economic facts belong to that phase and even such laws as we can derive from them are not applicable to other phases .
Since the real purpose of socialism is precisely to overcome and advance beyond the predatory phase of human development , economic science in its present state can throw little light on the socialist society of the future .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
From today , it is illegal to photograph the police , despite the fact that they use increasingly aggressive techniques to record us
On the day that it becomes illegal to take pictures of police engaged in counter - terrorist operations – in practice a ban on taking pictures of the police – it is worth noting events in Brighton recently where police set up outside a cafe and photographed people attending a meeting about the environment .
According to the Brighton Argus , members of the Cowley Club , which was hosting a meeting of Earth First , " were confronted with four uniformed officers outside the Somerfield store , opposite the venue , snapping visitors using a paparazzi - style lens " .
One of the club members , David Biset , said the police were behaving in a deliberately " intimidating manner " .
He said :
Avenues of dissent are being closed down and police feel able to treat politics as a police matter .
There was no suggestion of anything going on outside the building .
The police have no reason to be there beyond intimidating people .
You should n't be put on a database simply for attending a meeting .
The local MP , David Lepper , agrees that the police operation was designed to scare activists rather than prevent crime , and has written to the divisional commander for Brighton and Hove demanding to know why officers were photographing people engaged in a political activity .
The police have refused to comment other than to produce the usual assertion that this was a normal police operation .
But of course this action breaches the Human Rights Act , which guarantees freedom of association .
It is clear that people will not feel free to meet on these legitimate matters of concern if the police are taking photographs and adding images to a database .
What is worrying is that this operation may be an intimation of things to come with the new central intelligence unit set up by Acpo to monitor activists and extremist groups .
Although I write as someone who has no particular axe to grind about the police , I am beginning to wonder whether we have a serious problem with a police force that believes it is entitled to monitor political activity .
Set against the new law banning photographs of the police – which surely will be used by every policeman parked on a double yellow line or meting out the rough justice – there is increasing tendency of the police to photograph people in an aggressive fashion .
It shows an innate lack of respect for the innocent citizen and the conventions of our free society , which is extremely disturbing .
Yesterday the Mail on Sunday published an extensive investigation into Acpo and alleged that not only was it making vast amounts of money as a private company – a status that seems extraordinary given the money received via the Home Office from the taxpayer – but that it had been pushing a self - serving agenda that mimicked the governing board of a national police service , yet without the accountability and scrutiny expected in most public bodies .
The Mail called it " One of the most mysterious and powerful organisations in Britain " .
The paper , which has led a lot of reporting on the crisis of rights and liberties in this country , went on to comment :
Now it turns out to be a comfortable gravy train for retired police chiefs and a grasping business charging the public up to £ 70 for criminal records information which it can obtain for 60p .
In response to this story , Acpo produced a statement from its head Ken Jones :
British policing is among the best in the world and in counter - terrorism , in the way we investigate murder , in forensics and many other areas of criminal investigation we are recognised leaders through the efforts of chief officers working through Acpo .
Beyond 44 local police forces there is no national operational policing structure and so chief officers voluntarily combine through Acpo to agree approaches , lift the performance of the police service and protect lives .
He did not address the substantive issue that Acpo is run on largely secret and unaccountable lines and in the rest of the statement he does n't deny Acpo 's profiteering activity .
The paper is right when it says " Parliament should urgently investigate this strange , unaccountable body and bring it under proper control " .
We need to take a serious look at the police and policing in Britain and establish certain ground rules which say that the police have no business assessing what is and what is not legitimate political activity .
I end with the quote from Winston Churchill , which I first used in the Summerfield lecture at the Cheltenham Literary Festival two years ago .
It bears repeating .
If you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly ; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival .
There may even be a worse case : you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory , because it is better to perish than to live as slaves .
For all our sakes this battle must be fought now and not left until it is too late .
Exclusive to STR
January 27 , 2009
Consider these events :
1 . A president who started two aggressive wars , who bears responsibility for the loss of thousands of American lives along with hundreds of thousands of Iraqi and Afghan lives , leaves office as a free man without a felony record or any negative repercussions .
2 . Meanwhile , the same populace that has intimate experience with lying politicians appears utterly smitten with a smooth - talking new president promising change and demanding sacrifice .
3 . The Congress , which had an approval rate of 14 % and which just passed a $ 700 billion bailout over the objections of a majority of Americans , had a re-election rate exceeding 95 % .
4 . Untold millions of Americans voice support of military troops as these very people are needlessly killed , injured , and separated from their families and productive work at home .
5 . A general populace believed that buying unproductive assets , like housing , could make them wealthy , forever , without any coherent explanation why .
6 . Researchers who pursue alternative explanations for AIDS and cancer get their funding cut and have the results of their research squelched , while others who try to improve life by providing healthful foods find themselves under attack .
Overt criminality by leaders and passive , unclear thinking by the proles have become the norm .
The two go together , creating a symbiotic ecosystem of tyranny .
Fraud , theft , and murder have become widespread , just as the scale of lies told and believed have reached new heights .
Irresponsibility has become socialized while people in the honest pursuit of good get thwarted .
Those of us who want little more than peace and freedom do n't run the world .
Pursuing freedom contradicts controlling others , so we can reason that people who pursue power have some motivations separate from our own .
I have not fully comprehended the implications of this until recently .
Despite all the evidence to the contrary , I had assumed that the people who wield power feel similarly about moral issues as I do 'I just could n't see why they commit and justify unethical behavior .
I already knew that states operate according to a code that the rest of us do n't follow in our own lives .
Nevertheless , I assumed that a man who acts without regard to moral laws must feel guilty about it .
Then , one day , I stumbled onto this idea : Suppose he does n't .
With only small ambitions , he probably behaves like a common criminal , a predator .
He lies to gain advantage , uses force to get his way , and steals without conscience .
Not feeling guilty about unethical behavior motivates him to instigate further criminal acts .
Small crime operations have one big problem , namely , the risk of getting caught .
The prospect of prison appears unappealing , yet even with the high likelihood of arrest and capture during a career , common criminals approach their field with little sophistication and often pay the price .
Other like - minded people see ways to avoid these problems .
Just as normal people develop interests growing up and figure out how to pursue them at higher levels , a criminal mind can do the same .
With greater intelligence and patience , he can pursue an ambitious career of criminality .
With this objective in sight , one can easily see the state as the most expedient means to accomplish it .
Once a criminal joins forces with the state by becoming an employee , he can lie to his advantage , use force to get his way , and steal without conscience , just as the small - time operator does .
The opportunities for mischief have no limits through thoughtful job selection .
For example , if a man took pleasure in making innocent people squirm , he could become a police officer and plant evidence .
For another , if he wanted to murder people , he could become a military officer and ' accidentally ' call in the coordinates of a house he'd like to see bombed .
Whatever they do , the state shields them from the natural consequences of their actions .
In all likelihood , if smart , they never get caught , never get punished , and probably get commended .
Too often , I have assumed that the people working for the state take the jobs only because of the easy hours and good pay , benefits , and retirement .
For the predator , though , it offers all these things with the appetizing fringe benefit of satisfying their criminal urges without the risk of retribution .
It turns out this personality type has a scientific name : psychopathic .
Lest you think I merely kid you , I quote from Scientific American :
Superficially charming , psychopaths tend to make a good first impression on others and often strike observers as remarkably normal .
Yet they are self - centered , dishonest and undependable , and at times they engage in irresponsible behavior for no apparent reason other than the sheer fun of it .
Largely devoid of guilt , empathy and love , they have casual and callous interpersonal and romantic relationships .
Psychopaths routinely offer excuses for their reckless and often outrageous actions , placing blame on others instead .
They rarely learn from their mistakes or benefit from negative feedback , and they have difficulty inhibiting their impulses .
This seems like a nearly perfect description of those who seek political power .
That same article goes on to say that fields over - represented by psychopaths may include ' politics , business and entertainment .
Yet the scientific evidence for this intriguing conjecture is preliminary . '
It turns out that much stronger evidence for this exists than the article lets on .
In the book Political Ponerology , Andrew Lobaczewski claims that about 6 % of the people within a population have psychopathic characters .
The implications of this , which he recognized soon after World War II , stagger the mind .
Moreover , he suggests that another 12 % of the population has high susceptibility to psychopathic thought .
In a world dominated by hierarchical structures , these people sieze control of the key positions and create a so - called ' pathocracy . '
Lobaczewski continues , writing in ways that clearly anticipate the current reality :
Within this [ pathocratic ] system , the common man is blamed for not having been born a psychopath , and is considered good for nothing except hard work , fighting and dying to protect a system of government he can neither sufficiently comprehend nor ever consider to be his own .
An ever - strengthening network of psychopathic and related individuals gradually starts to dominate , overshadowing the others .
Normal people have not considered the possibility that some people who seem ordinary could have no moral inhibitions .
They default to believing that their leaders have good intentions .
Employees of psychopaths thus carry out plans of their bosses blinded to the reality .
No matter the scope of the ' failure , ' the leadership can always point back to their stated good intentions and shield themselves from the gallows .
In fact , the more harm they create , the stronger the call becomes to vest more power in their failed agency so they can ' prevent ' anything of the sort from ever happening again .
Their MO focuses on figuring out how much they can get away with , and we see no signs they have begun to approach the limits the public will accept .
Irrespective of the ordeals they create , the vast majority of people give them the benefit of the doubt time and time again and continue in their support of the system .
This belief among good people led to the democide of the 20th Century that continues unabated today .
After considering the possibility that psychopaths have taken control of society , we find volumes of evidence to support the hypothesis .
Did Hitler , Stalin , Mao , and Pol Pot sympathize with their victims or have any sense of guilt ?
More recently , among Bush , Cheney , Rove , Rumsfeld , or Clinton , can we point to one who even exhibits a fa'ade resembling normality ?
Obviously not ' these lists name one person after another who has zero accountability to a rational morality .
If people like this could make their way to the highest levels of power , what does that say about lower offices ?
It suggests people like this have control over the levers of power everywhere .
We live at a time when the population at large cannot achieve its wants , yet few seem to know why .
As one example , polls consistently indicate that educational matters concern the public , yet decade after decade , schooling gets quantitatively worse .
What a mystery !
Evidently , if we believe our well - meaning masters , 2,000 years of Western civilization has not yet determined effective ways to transmit key knowledge to younger generations .
However , what happens if we suspend our belief in their benevolence for a moment and consider other possibilities ?
If schools fail to achieve their stated goals over several decades , might some groups see this as a success ?
Inhibiting critical thinking in the masses obviously benefits the state and psychopaths .
When overtly self - serving , irresponsible , illegal , immoral , irrational behavior gets treated as normal , we can conclude that the educational system works quite well for our masters .
I have given but one example , yet the multitude of state functions exists to provide every variety of psychopathic interest with a job .
Moreover , we should consider that the state not only acts like a recruitment center for psychopaths , but that psychopaths probably invented the state to take advantage of the rest of us .
I can give you no better explanation for the existence of an organization that fails in every ethical dimension and invokes psychopathic thinking at every turn than this .
Our battle for liberty appears not just as a conflict between those who want freedom versus those who want control , but instead as the battle between normal people and the psychopaths .
I have found incredible explanatory power of our world within the psychopathic hypothesis :
The world feels wrong because psychopaths run it .
In a country trained to discount and ridicule all ideas more than a standard deviation from the average , coherent explanations of observable social phenomena do n't get much press .
Without understanding physical laws , we would never have gained the massive improvements in our quality of life from technological developments .
Similarly , without understanding our social systems , we will never escape from the tyranny unleashed on us by psychopaths .
We should spread the word and explore this rich vein of thought with vigor .
The election of Barack Obama has put the wind back into the sails of the renewable energy sector , where investor confidence had been badly punctured by the credit crisis .
Clean technology and green energy stocks have soared as City analysts predict a major boost from the incoming president .
Solar Integrated Technologies rose by 30 % yesterday after increases of 22 % by Renewable Energy Corporation and 16 % by the wind turbine maker Vestas in the 24 hours before , when they were helped upwards by oil prices returning to above $ 70 a barrel .
Obama has promised to invest $ 150 bn over 10 years in renewables as part of a wider plan to increase US energy security amid fear of oil shortages , while also reducing the country 's carbon emissions in a bid to tackle global warming - and create jobs during an economic downturn .
Kate Hampton , head of policy at Climate Change Capital , a UK - based investment manager , was one of many who welcomed the poll result as a massive step forward for renewables .
" We cannot overstate how divisive the Bush administration was , how far behind the US now is in the transition to the low - carbon economy and how high expectations are now that Obama is the president - elect , " she said .
Dean Cooper , alternative energy analyst with Ambrian Partners in London , predicted widespread change in the US with production tax credits for the wind industry increased from one year to seven years and a national renewable - energy guideline introduced alongside a cap - and - trade scheme to give more certainty on a carbon price .
The moves come as Britain has recently put more muscle into its low - carbon drive by creating a new government department to cover energy and climate change , while Spain , Germany and other European nations press ahead with their own plans to boost renewables .
The US election result has provided a much - needed boost at a critical time for an emerging investment sector that risked being crushed by the banking crisis and emerging economic recession .
Some companies had seen their share prices halve in the turmoil that began in September .
" Since the onset of the most recent phase of the credit crisis , the European wind sector has been battered with an unweighted average decline of 45 % compared to a decline of 23 % for both the S&P 500 and FTSE Eurofirst 300 over the same period , " said Michael McNamara , analyst at Jefferies & Co , in a research note published at the height of the sell - off .
" Much of this has been linked to fears that wind power developers would see themselves cut off from access to financing due to a toxic combination of a potential global closure of the project finance market and a drying up of demand for tax equity investment in the US . "
Sentiment in the City and Wall Street has steadied since , but the dependence on project finance at a time when the cost of money has soared continues to cast uncertainty over a sector that is also nervous about rising costs and planning delays in countries such as Britain .
Peter Horsburgh , a manager of the Environmental Technologies Fund , said early start - up businesses were going to find it much harder to raise capital and those who had rushed early into a stockmarket listing could find it hard to win secondary tranches of cash .
" Rights issues are going to be incredibly difficult and yet neither is bank lending going to be easy for small and medium - sized firms , " said Horsburgh , who expects his own fund will look at less speculative , " later stage " companies that have defined revenue streams .
In fact , there is nothing new about volatility in the clean tech and green energy sector , with share prices being driven in the past to hugely inflated levels on the back of hyped euphoria that sucked in investors before being rapidly deflated as realism set in .
The dotcom boom surrounding internet stocks was followed in the US at the turn of the century by a bubble in solar and hydrogen companies that soon burst .
A similar spike happened in Europe with Vestas among the companies whose future looked in doubt at one stage .
Global solar stocks have suffered since last Christmas over fears of an oversupply of modules and cells , while wind turbine makers have been hit since the highs of the summer by soaring input costs .
Confidence in the offshore wind sector in Britain was also dented by Shell 's decision to sell up its interest in the huge London Array project .
Peter Fusaro , chairman of energy consultant Global Change Associates , said the green investment sector remained still relatively small but " fat with hype and fluff " .
But it is also growing .
Whereas there were four hedge funds looking at the sector in 2004 there are more than 90 today , while an estimated 4,000 private equity funds are said to be targeting the sector , according to Fusaro .
But the profit margins in many of the renewable sectors are relatively small , making them particularly vulnerable to a serious global economic slowdown and rising inflation .
However , Kevin Collins , chief operating officer at the specialist renewables insurer GCube , said he was confident of the long - term value in the sector .
He also warned : " Are the banks and lenders going to be in a position to finance projects as they were ?
We do n't see a massive slow - up in demand yet , but its early days and while renewables will continue to grow it is difficult to say at what rate . "
Many of the pioneers of low - carbon energy are dependent on public subsidy to survive .
There is a question over whether bank bail - outs will have drained the state coffers and lead to a slowdown in environmental grants .
France , Germany and Austria have already called for an easing of European Union climate goals to help industries cope better with the downturn .
In Washington one Republican senator said , on condition of anonymity , that the green bubble had burst .
" There is a very large question mark hanging over the idea that Congress would take economy - wide action on global warming with the economy in such anaemic shape , " said Frank O'Donnell , president of Clean Air Watch .
London
“ DON ’T put all your eggs into one basket ” is the layman ’s expression encouraging diversification .
This was put into mathematics in a financial context by Harry Markowitz in the 1950s , in his Modern Portfolio Theory .
He showed how to construct a portfolio of financial assets so as to maximize expected return for any given level of risk .
This idea has inspired much theory and practice of investing , at all levels .
Only last month my bank manager had me complete a questionnaire so he could figure out how much risk I was comfortable with , and then he gave me the computer - generated result that told me how much of my money should be in cash , how much in bonds and how much in stocks .
So with your grandmother telling you what not to do with all your eggs , your bank manager giving similar advice , and Professor Markowitz , a Nobel laureate , backing this up with mathematics , you ’d expect that traders in banks would have got the message .
Yet as the following simple thought experiment shows , it is not quite so straightforward .
It is your first day in your first job out of business school .
You are going to be a trader in an investment bank !
You will be rich !
You will retire by the age of 30 and spend the rest of your days doing charitable works ( when not on your yacht , of course ) .
You are shown to your desk and introduced to your fellow traders .
You notice something very strange , that they are all making similar trades using similar financial instruments .
That ’s odd , you think , there does n’t seem to be much diversification going on .
Never mind , you are going to put into practice everything you ’ve learned in school , and that includes diversification , so your trades will be safely diversified from those of your colleagues .
Now to see if that makes any sense , we ’ll put some numbers to this , and imagine what could happen to your plans for buying that yacht .
Does diversifying improve your chances of getting a big bonus ?
Leaks in the media indicate that the banks are about to inhale another helping of taxpayer dollars .
This round is likely to be considerably larger than the $ 350 bn they swallowed in the bail - out last October .
The leaks from Obama administration officials without names suggest that the money will provide a further subsidy to bank executives and shareholders and may not even resolve the banks ' financial crisis .
In other words , the banks may yet come back for more .
The rumoured plan is for the government to buy up hundreds of billions of dollars of bad debt from banks and place it in a " bad bank " .
The bad bank would then resell these assets for whatever price it could get from private buyers .
The basic problem with this sort of plan is that it requires that the government overpay for the bad assets .
If we just pay Citigroup , Bank of America and the rest what their assets are worth , then they would be bankrupt .
They have taken enormous losses on these assets .
If they had to own up to their losses , it would wipe out the capital of many , if not most , of the banks in the country .
Recent estimates from Goldman Sachs and Nouriel Roubini put the cumulative losses to the banking system at around $ 2tn .
There is a lot of room for guesswork in such estimates , but there can be little doubt that this number is in the right neighbourhood .
We are in the process of losing $ 8tn in housing bubble wealth .
Most of this will be absorbed by homeowners , but if just 10 % of this loss accrues to banks , that would be $ 800 bn .
In addition , banks have lent $ 3tn to support a bubble in commercial real estate .
If one third of these more speculative loans go bad , and half of that loss is incurred by banks , that gets us another $ 500 bn .
Add in $ 200 bn each in losses on credit card debt , car loans and small business loans , all of which are now far shakier because borrowers no longer have home equity as a backdrop , and you get to the $ 2tn neighbourhood .
This $ 2tn loss compares with bank capital of just $ 1.4tn , a large portion of which is rapidly disappearing " goodwill " .
In other words , the losses to the banking system will almost certainly vastly exceed its capital .
This is why the banks need to tap our wallets .
If we go the bad bank route and pay too much for bad assets , then taxpayers are effectively subsidising bank shareholders , who would otherwise be wiped out , and bank executives , who would otherwise be looking at big pay cuts or unemployment .
But it gets even worse .
There is no reason to think that the bad bank route will be sufficient for resolving the banks ' problems , at least not in round one , because they may not come clean with all their bad assets .
It is important to remember that these banks are run by people who could not see an $ 8tn housing bubble .
It is likely that they still do n't know the full seriousness of their problems .
( The same can be said of Treasury secretary Tim Geithner and national economic adviser Larry Summers , the bad bank 's designers . )
Many of their loans have not yet gone bad – for example , underwater mortgages that are still current .
The bad news on these loans will come when homeowners have to make short sales , which could leave banks with losses of $ 100,000 or more per loan .
This means that the bad bank created under this plan will have to be an ongoing business , handing out more taxpayer dollars for the banks ' junk over the next several years .
There is a simple alternative , which can be called " bank rationalisation " in order to avoid the " n " word .
Under this scenario , the government would take possession of insolvent banks .
This is not interference with the market .
It is the market .
Bankrupt banks go out of business , but due to their importance to the economy , we can't let them be tied up in bankruptcy proceedings for years .
Dealing with the matter all at once can both allow for a quicker fix to the financial system and also ensure fairer treatment of bank creditors .
First , the shareholders of bankrupt institutions must be forced to eat their losses .
However , we may not want to honour all the debts of the banks at 100 cents on the dollar , which has been current practice .
While the government has guaranteed most deposits , it has not guaranteed the bonds and commercial paper of the banks , nor their commitments on credit default swaps ( CDS ) and other derivative instruments .
If it takes possession of all the bankrupt banks at once , it can apply a uniform policy .
For example , it could honour bonds at 90 cents on the dollar or only pay off full CDS obligations to those who actually own the bond that was being insured against default .
To force banks to own up to insolvency , bank rationalisation can apply punitive terms to banks that fail subsequently and allow their creditors to hold bank executives personally liable for their losses .
Such rules would lead to more truth telling from our bankers .
In short , bank rationalisation is both much fairer and better for the economy than the bad bank plan .
If only the people who missed the housing bubble can be forced to recognise this fact .
The Absolute Best Finance and Investing Blog Posts of 2008
Fitting – following this year ’s Superbowl , I ’m proud to present the very best articles from the blogosphere in Personal Finance and Investing from the various networks of bloggers I ’ve associated with and follow .
I ’m really impressed by the innovative , informative , inspirational and insightful articles that these bloggers churn out day after day .
The net result of these wonderful outlets is a more informed reading public with benefits too numerous to list here .
I ’ve asked each blogger to submit their single best post of the year .
Here they are in no particular order ( except for my five faves of course ) :
Darwin’s Choice – Top 5 of 2008
( OK , 6 – A top choice tie must go to two similarly insightful and gutsy articles exposing a Multi - Level Marketing outfit , which can both save readers the frustration and embarrassment of being taken by an MLM , as well as subject the blogger to legal threats and more , as I learned last year all too well . )
Investing
The Digerati Life reviews the Best Online Brokers for Cheap Stock Trades .
The Strump presents several personal finance and investing lessons in : 10 Ways to Tell if you can Afford it .
Old School Value presents an automatic spreadsheet that takes 10 years of data and calculates the value of a company with Grahams Formula .
Dividend
Tree presents past strategies and an evaluation of investment strategies from 2008 .
SRS Finance asks What Two Factors Need to Be in Place Before It is Safe To Assume a New Bull Market Has Begun ?
Monevator highlights that investing in small caps has advantages we can’t ignore if seeking an investing edge .
The Financial Blogger presents A Story About Banks : They are Not in the Real Estate Business .
Personal Finance / Other
Art of the Coupon presents an entire alphabet full of frugal tips , tricks and ideas .
Dough Roller presents a credit card review that breaks down these offers in way that shows their real cost :
The Happy Rock presents How the Happy Rock Went Bold .
Sounds Money Matters presents basic tips for surviving in a Depression with 10 Ways to Prepare for a Depression .
Money Beagle shares how he saved 20 % on heating usage with Adventures in Insulating .
Bargaineering shows consumers safe , dependable , and reliable certificates of deposit in Best CD Rates .
ChristianPF presents 10 Free Budget Spreadsheets .
Free Money Finance presents the Best 5 posts in 2008 .
PTMoney presents How to Save Like a Madman .
Good Financial Cents presents why everyone should consider drafting a will in Where There ’s a Will , There ’s a Way .
My Dollar Plan presents a Summary of all the Free Money Offers from 2008 .
Cash Money Life presents Dave Ramsey ’s 7 Baby Steps which is part of his Financial Peace University – a step by step process for achieving financial freedom .
Military Finance Network presents a page listing discounts and freebies for military members HERE .
The Greenest Dollar presents
Two strategies to pay off your mortgage early , and the pros and cons that go along with early repayment .
Budgets are Sexy presents a a fun “ would you rather ” type question – mixing in politics and the almighty dollar .
Condo - Blues shows us how after changing these 15 habits with the seasons they lowered their home ’s nnatural gas and electricity use by 70 % !
The Smarter Wallet presents Shopping Tips for Buying a Computer .
FIRE Finance presents a means to Knock out your Financial Problems like Rocky .
Living Almost Large presents Secret Food Increase – know what ’s in your package ?
Michael Emilio presents the Debt Destruction Technique : Destroying Debt One at a Time .
Penny Jobs presents 10 Ways to Save Money during the Recession .
Stumble Forward presents
The REAL Reason You Ca n’t Get Out Of Debt .
Last , but hopefully not least , from my Everyday Finance blog , this article generated much ire , consternation and frustration from Multi - levelers who stood to benefit from selling unnecessary mortgage payment acceleration software ( but hopefully saved some readers some money ) in : UFirst Money Merge Account Shaves Years off your Mortgage … And Defies Logic !
I hope you ’ve enjoyed this culmination of excellent articles and will consider visiting these bloggers or return here in the future .
Darwin ’s
Finance can be followed in a reader or you can also follow my other blog Everyday Finance which has a bit more a personal tilt to it .
No related posts .
You 're Not Following Darwin's RSS ?
Check out Why You Have to Subscribe to Darwin's Finance
If you enjoyed this post , you can get free updates through RSS Feed or via Email whenever a new post is published .
Rest assured that you can unsubscribe at any time via the automated system and your information will not be sold , archived or utilized for any other " nefarious " purposes .
The Obama 's Have Arrived in Washington D.C .
The transition is underway for thefamily .
and daughters Malia , 10 and Sasha , 7 , arrived in Washington D.C. yesterday and Barack is expected to arrive today .
A brand new school semester is beginning in Washington D.C. on Monday and the girls will be starting Sidwell Friends School .
Michelle has taken the necessary steps to keep her promise to make this huge life style change as easy for her children as possible .
The girls will see a couple of familiar faces at the school .
Vice President - elect Joe Biden 's grandchildren attend classes there .
Chelsey Clinton is a famous alumni of the prestigious Quaker school .
The family will be staying at the historic Hay - Adams Hotel until January 15th when they will move into Blair House in Lafayette Park five days prior to the inauguration , a custom for incoming President 's and their families .
An earlier move into Blair House was requested by the Obama camp but the State Department turned down their request , indicating that other world dignitaries were already scheduled to stay in the next two weeks .
On January 20th , the family will move into their new digs at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue where they will settle in for at least the next four years .
Family photos here .
A small survey of young black men from the South who tested positive for H.I.V. in their teens and early 20s found that most had engaged in risky sexual behaviors but thought it unlikely they would be infected , according to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
More than half of the 29 gay or bisexual men surveyed said they had engaged in unprotected anal sex in the year before they were infected and had had sex with slightly older men , the survey found .
Both are risky behaviors , yet the vast majority of the young men said they had not thought that they would ever be infected .
Young black gay and bisexual men are becoming infected with H.I.V. at alarming rates , particularly in the South , and health officials are trying to analyze their risk factors in order to refine education and intervention strategies .
“ We need to make sure that H.I.V. infection does not become a rite of passage for young black men who have sex with men , ” said Dr. Alexandra Oster , one of the authors of the survey published last week in the agency ’s Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report .
Meg Whitman , former president and CEO of eBay Inc , speaks during the third session of the 2008 Republican National Convention in St. Paul , Minnesota in this file photo taken September 3 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar / Files
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Former eBay Inc Chief Executive Meg Whitman , one of the highest profile Republican technology executives in Silicon Valley , has formed a committee to explore running for governor of California in 2010 , the first official step of a campaign .
The most populous U.S. state is known for its liberal , trend - making social ways , but it has a strong socially conservative element and a long history of electing Republican governors , from Ronald Reagan to current Governors Arnold Schwarzenegger .
California is in the middle of a fiscal crisis , with a $ 40 billion budget gap over a year a half , spiking unemployment and a continuing mortgage industry crisis .
“ California faces challenges unlike any other time in its history - a weak and faltering economy , massive job losses , and an exploding state budget deficit , ” Whitman , 52 , said in a statement .
“ I refuse to stand by and watch it fail . ”
Whitman built eBay from a tiny start - up to the dominant online auctioneer .
She will face at least one other Republican tech exec in the battle for the party nomination -- Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner .
China
It seems innocent enough — you found a fantastic green hat at the market and want to give it to a Chinese friend or host as way of expressing gratitude for his boundless hospitality .
Do n’t do it !
Giving a green hat to a Chinese man is the equivalent of calling him a cuckold … not only does this insult him , it also insults his wife .
Argentina and Chile
The simple act of pouring a glass of wine is fraught with nuances that are unknown to the uninitiated .
No matter how much you want to refill the glass of the gorgeous woman or man next to you , this is a task that is best left to the host … otherwise you could make a major faux pas ( and ruin your chances with the subject of admiration for good ) .
Hawaii
Surfing the waves without the skills can get you into more than deep waters … it can get you into deep trouble in this part of the world , where people take surfing pretty seriously .
Breach this one and you ’re sure to receive some not - so - friendly nicknames … or maybe even a beating .
Italy
Listening attentively while someone is talking is a major insult because it communicates a lack of interest .
How do you show that you ’re interested and enthusiastic about the conversation ?
By interrupting it — again and again .
Australia
Thought you were going to impress the locals with the accent and slang you picked up from Steve Irwin on the Crocodile Hunter ?
Think again .
Pepper your language with too many “ mate ” s and you ’ll find that you have none .
Krikey !
Thailand
It is important to be aware of your feet and the heads of those around you .
We ’re not talking about kick - boxing here … we ’re talking about etiquette .
In Thailand , the feet are considered to be very dirty — they ought n’t to be pointed at anyone , and certainly not a Buddha .
If you are checking out a temple , be sure to remove your shoes and when you sit , tuck your feet under you so as not to direct these filthy offensive appendages at the Buddha , or the worshippers around you .
And definitely do n’t touch anyone ’s head — the highest spot on the body is also the holiest .
It is extremely insulting to touch someone ’s head without permission and we ’ve heard of fist - fights breaking out in response to head touching .
France
Never , ever give chrysanthemums to someone .
What harm can there be in giving flowers ?
In France , these particular blooms are most closely associated with funerals .
So , why not buy those yellow roses , instead ?
That ’s a no - no , too — the color hints at the possibility that the husband is engaging in extramarital activities .
The Dominican Republic
Punctuality is not appreciated here .
Better said — do n’t arrive “ on time ” and then ask others why they ’re late .
Being late is being on time .
If someone says they ’ll meet you at ten , what they really mean is that they ’ll meet you sometime close to eleven .
Do n’t piss them off by showing up at ten and then getting angry and laying into them … make like a local and arrive fashionably late , too .
Syria
Not thirsty ?
Well , drink up anyways .
If you are a visitor in someone ’s home and are offered a drink or food and you decline , chances are you have offended your host .
This holds true for much of the Middle East .
When in doubt , just say yes .
The United States and Canada
Many foreigners find North Americans to be rude and feel they ’re lacking in manners .
On the contrary , North Americans obey a complex set of social codes that reflect a variety of cultural influences and that vary according to the situation and the people involved .
The smallest behaviors can have overtones or politeness or , conversely , rudeness … and you ’re sometimes walking a fine line between the two .
For example , making not enough eye - contact while talking is considered to be very disrespectful , however , making too much eye contact is considered to be aggressive .
Organization Aims To Create New Societies On The Ocean
Mountain View , CA , April 15th , 2008 .
The Seasteading Institute today announced that it has been established in order to establish permanent , autonomous ocean communities to enable experimentation and innovation with diverse social , political , and legal systems .
It will continue and expand on the work of Patri Friedman and Wayne Gramlich , authors of " Seasteading : A Practical Guide to Homesteading the High Seas " .
" The public sector is simultaneously the largest industry in the world and the least innovative , with a barrier to entry and lock - in on its customers that dwarfs any private monopoly " , says Patri Friedman , TSI ’s Executive Director .
" The world needs a new model of politics where a diverse ecosystem of providers offers a variety of institutions that evolve to serve their citizens .
The open oceans , Earth ’s last frontier , are the ideal place to nurture this vision of a better world .
By making it safe and affordable to settle this frontier , we will give people the freedom to choose the government they want instead of being stuck with the government they get . "
To help launch the organization , entrepreneur and philanthropist Peter Thiel has pledged $ 500,000 to The Seasteading Institute , saying : “ Accelerating innovation is rapidly transforming the world : the Seasteading Institute will help bring more of that innovation to the public sector , where it ’s vitally needed .
Decades from now , those looking back at the start of the century will understand that Seasteading was an obvious step towards encouraging the development of more efficient , practical public sector models around the world .
We ’re at a fascinating juncture : the nature of government is about to change at a very fundamental level . "
The Institute will initially focus on three major areas :
Community : Building a network of potential residents who are inspired by the possibilities of seasteading and have the skills and resources to establish vibrant new communities .
Research : Exploring the core requirements for seasteading to be safe and affordable , such as structure design , political feasibility , and infrastructure ( power , heat , food ) and advancing key seasteading technologies through independent research and partnerships .
Engineering : Proving that the mission is viable by building a safe , cost - effective , gorgeous seastead , based in the San Francisco Bay and able to travel in the open ocean .
For more information , see the Institute ’s website , www.seasteading.org.
Contact :
The Seasteading Institute
info@seasteading.org
http://www.seasteading.org/
( The Seasteading Institute is a California nonprofit corporation that is in the process of applying for recognition of tax exemption under Section 501 ( c ) 3 of the Internal Revenue Code . )
Translations :
Yoga Journal
Yoga Journal is your number one source for in - depth yoga pose instruction , yoga sequences for beginners to advanced practitioners , guided meditations to keep your day stress - free , and yogic wisdom to inspire and strengthen your path to enlightenment .
The light in me honors the light in you .
Namaste .
An Australian National University scientist says the planet is losing species at a similar rate to the period when the dinosaurs were wiped out .
Will Steffen from the Fenner School of Environment says the planet is in the midst of a new geological age , the Anthropocene , in which humans are causing mass species extinction .
He says the era began with the industrial revolution and accelerated in the 1950s as humans began burning more fossil fuels and consuming more resources .
Professor Steffen says the current levels of species extinction are at least a hundred times greater than natural loss rates .
" There 've been five big extinction events in the past , the most famous one was the loss of the dinosaurs and so on , but this one appears to be as fast and as extensive as those and that 's why people who do do a lot of work on biodiversity are now saying that we 're probably now in the earth 's six greatest extinction event , " he said .
Professor Steffen says the Anthropocene age will continue for some considerable time .
" Even if we cut down emissions to zero or close to zero tomorrow , there would be significant amounts of extra CO2 up there for centuries into the future , and I think also in terms of biodiversity loss , there is what some people call committed biodiversity loss , or species that are on their way to extinction and there probably is n't much we can do to turn them around , " he said .
Whole Foods pledges to use only sources of palm oil that have been independently verified and certified to meet environmental and social sustainability criteria in its private label brand products by 2012 .
America ’s largest organic grocer has announced its products will no longer use palm oil sourced from unsustainable producers , reports the Rainforest Action Network ( RAN ) , an activist group that has led a campaign against destructive palm oil production .
The move adds pressure on the palm oil industry to develop an effective and credible certification system for palm oil .
“ Whole Foods Market is concerned with the social and environmental impacts of palm oil production in tropical rainforest ecosystems around the world , ” Whole Foods said in a statement .
“ Whole Foods is committed to protecting rainforests , communities and our global climate , and therefore Whole Foods has partnered with the Institute for Marketecology ( IMO ) , a highly regarded international certification agency whose social responsibility and fair trade certification program requires successful implementation of environmental , social responsibility , and sustainability practices on the land and within the company ’s organization . ”
Oil palm seed .
Photo by Rhett A. Butler
“ Whole Foods Market pledges to use IMO ’s reliable certification program , along with independent supply chain verification , in the sourcing of palm oil in our private label products .
Whole Foods Market pledges to support the development of more sources of sustainable , fairly traded palm oil , to ensure that palm oil in our private label brand products are not sourced from the conversion of rainforest ecosystems or from companies engaged in the conversion of natural forests and / or peatlands ; respect the free , prior and informed consent of interested communities and meet or exceed RSPO ( Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil ) principles and criteria . ”
“ Whole Foods Market pledges that it will only use sources of palm oil independently verified and certified to these criteria in our private label brand products by 2012 .
Whole Foods Market calls on our peers in the food industry to join with us in this pledge . ”
RAN welcomed the decision .
Oil palm plantation and rainforest in Malaysian Borneo
“ With the statement on their website , Whole Foods Market is sending a clear signal that they do not want to be associated with the destruction of rainforests due to the expansion of oil palm plantations , ” said Leila Salazar - Lopez , director of RAN ’s Rainforest Agribusiness Campaign .
“ We applaud Whole Foods for their leadership and urge other companies and palm oil suppliers to add their voices to this call for change in the U.S. palm oil supply chain . ”
In recent years the palm oil industry has been criticized by environmentalists due to a spate of reports and studies showing that palm oil production in Southeast Asia is driving large - scale destruction of rainforests and peatlands , putting rare and endangered species like the orangutan , the flat - headed cat , and pygmy elephants at risk .
Further , conversion of natural ecosystems for oil palm plantations has been associated with the emissions of hundreds of millions of tons of greenhouse gases .
Some palm oil producers have responded to criticism by forming the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil , a certification initiative that seeks to improve the environmental performance of the palm oil industry .
The effort has been slow to get off the ground , beset by infighting and controversy , but many environmentalists believe RSPO is the best hope for bringing sustainability to the palm oil industry .
The Whole Foods announcement is yet another impetus for the iniative : Unilever — the world ’s largest corporate buyer of palm oil — has lately been particularly active in pushing for a credible certification system and dozens of food , cosmetic and consumer goods companies have signed RAN ’s pledge
Wez stayin ' outside
Not want wut u got
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
In the clear recessionary morning , all that stuff we ’ve been binge buying suddenly looks gaudy and ridiculous .
It ’s been a 25 - year blur of fluorescent Frankie Sez shirts , logo handbags , Hummers and ring tones .
We need to have one giant national garage sale and invite the world .
If there are pictures of you with any of the things listed below on Facebook , immediately remove them .
Replace them with one of those stately , unsmiling group portraits our grandparents and great - grandparents took that made us feel like we came from important stock .
You do n’t want your descendants to lose all hope when they realize that Great - Grandpa Jaden was flashing fake gang signs at Treasure Island while downing a Grey Goose and Red Bull before his “ American Idol ” audition .
Tasting menus :
The idea that an appetizer , entree and dessert was n’t enough -- that you had to taste everything -- was a pretty clear sign we were on our way toward being a fat , indebted nation .
If Morgan Spurlock had tried to follow up “ Super Size Me ” with a movie in which he had to go 30 days eating only tasting menus -- and accept the wine pairings if they were offered -- he would have died by Week 2 .
I went with four people to Per Se in New York , and two of them barfed as soon as we got home .
To be fair , it was the most delicious barf they ’d ever had .
Stainless steel : Every appliance we touched had to be covered in stainless steel , as if we were low - rent King Midases .
How the lamest of metals became the way to show off your wealth is going to confuse the hell out of archaeologists .
“ No , they actually had gold and silver .
And plastics of many colors .
They were just easily distracted by cheap , shiny things . ”
Thank God the recession came , because we were about two years from having to sit on cold stainless steel toilet seats .
Advertisement
The entire city of Las Vegas :
Was the plan to base an economy on nothing but eating , gambling and strip clubs ?
What kind of insane utopian thought that would work ?
Dasani :
It ’s going to be hard enough to explain to our children that lugging plastic - encased , stagnant tap water from Costco was “ more convenient ” than drinking the better tested , fresher and free version from our faucets .
But when Coca - Cola persuaded health - obsessed yoga moms to drink Kool - Aid , we ’d fetishized the health benefits of “ special ” water in a way that would impress the residents of Bath .
Spas :
We paid $ 100 to be rubbed with hot rocks , covered with mud and wrapped in seaweed -- just because we were curious about what they ’d feel like ; nobody did any of those things twice .
It got so insane that the massages that gave you sexual satisfaction were actually the cheaper ones .
$ 50 T - shirts : Sure , most were made of pima cotton , the grandest cotton ever created .
And , in a purely consumerist culture , paying as much for it as a button - down serves as justification for an adult to wear a concert T - shirt outside .
But is n’t it a little painful to know that you spent $ 64 for Trunk Ltd ’s reproduction of the Megadeth “ Killing Is My Business ” shirt from 1985 ?
Sure , it ’s convincing when you read on the company ’s website that “ Trunk LTD ’s tag of authenticity as an official luxury product is included with this shirt .
Do n’t miss your chance to share in a moment of Megadeth history . ”
But did you stop to ask yourself if killing is really a sustainable business model ?
Advertisement
Crocs : Maybe wearing gardening shoes in public was n’t recession - related , but we will regret them .
Bravo :
This cable channel was bold enough to argue that the very act of spending money makes you powerful :
It called its viewers “ affluencers . ”
Ben Bernanke can try parsing out credit default swaps , but if he wants to figure out how we got into this situation , he needs to watch a Bravo marathon of shows about professional housewives , people playing poker , hairdressers , chefs , models , designers , personal trainers and house flippers .
Hedge funds :
What exactly were you hedging against ?
It was n’t a recession .
You had no idea what a hedge fund was , other than rich people had them so you wanted one .
This is the same failed logic that led Ford to buy Jaguar .
Designer jeans :
The memory is fuzzy , but did someone talk me into spending $ 220 on a pair of jeans ?
And I ’m a guy ?
Who ’s married ?
Who ’s never once looked at his own butt ?
I believe God will keep me out of heaven for this even more than for not believing in him .
Williamsburg , Brooklyn : Paying $ 3,000 a month to live near Manhattan ?
Exactly as near as the Sweathogs lived ?
You can wear librarian glasses , play in a band and go to readings in Iowa City too .
Either way , you ’re not in New York .
Dog gyms :
We got so lazy , we needed people to motivate our pets to run around .
Somewhere , I ’m sure a chef was paid to prepare a dog ’s own poop for him .
Advertisement
jstein@latimescolumnists.com
Stark County sheriff ’s deputies who were vilified after a Cleveland television station aired video of them stripping a woman at the Stark County Jail have filed a lawsuit saying they are victims of one - sided reporting .
The sheriff 's office contends that deputies removed Steffey 's clothing as a suicide precaution on the orders of a psychologist after she made a statement to a nurse indicating that she might harm herself .
Meyer disregarded any information that could support that claim , including Steffey 's booking photos , jail audio recordings , a 911 tape and a transcript of her criminal trial , which included testimony that Steffey was intoxicated and ended with her conviction for misdemeanor resisting arrest and disorderly conduct , Zimmerman said .
" We provided all the facts to Mr. Meyer and then he ignored all the facts that interfere with his sensationalized story and one - sided story , " Zimmerman said .
The reports were " purely for ratings and for advertising and promotion , " said Brian Zimmerman , one of the attorneys representing the deputies .
The story gets even worse , as five more women subsequently came forward alleging similar mistreatment , with a refrain of " threatened suicide . "
That is , according to the police , each female detainee threatened suicide , which triggered the strip search , presumably to ensure they had no means of hurting themselves .
That the women deny making such threats is only part of the problem ; even if they had , there is still no legitimate reason to forego requesting voluntarily compliance before effectively attacking the women to remove their clothes , nor is there legitimate reason to have violated department policy about strip searches being performed only by members of the same sex .
Now the officers involved in the case , caught on video roughly removing Hope Sheffey 's clothes to the sound of her terrified screams , are suing the station who shone sunlight on their dirty deeds , claiming defamation and — get this — invasion of privacy .
Well , I 'd certainly love to hear the " other side " of this story — you know , the one in which six police officers can come up with a reasonable explanation for why they held down a woman who'd called them for help and tore her clothes off in a flagrant breach of their department 's own policy .
That would be some fun victim - blaming , no doubt .
That old canard !
I 'll give you a moment to recover from learning thatwas later convicted for resisting arrest and disorderly conduct .
I 'm guessing you wo n't be surprised to find out that the video of the police forcibly stripping her was n't made available to her attorneys untilher trial .
As to Meyer 's disregard of that totally pertinent information ( I 'd love to hear how a booking photo can support a claim she was threatening suicide , by the way ) , maybe he just did n't think it wasthat Steffey was drunk .
Perhaps
Meyer is n't in the habit of blaming victims for their assaults , so he does n't think that , which clearly signals a person in crisis , warrants breaking the rules to further terrorize them .
Just a thought .
Because , of course , there could be no value to the community to know that women are being sexually assaulted by the police , and no reason to .
It 's just about the ratings .
Look , I do n't hate cops ; my grandfather was NYPD , and he was a great guy and a great cop who really enjoyed and cared about people .
And one of the things I always remember him saying about cops is that the badge does n't make you a good person — and bad people make bad cops .
Good cops do n't break the rules to hurt someone and claim it 's for her own good .
Good cops find a way to do the right thing , the right way .
[ H/ T to Shaker Maria M. ]
Just a year after the world 's fastest supercomputers broke the petaflop barrier by performing one thousand trillion calculations per second , nuclear physicists are planning a 20 - petaflop machine in conjunction with IBM .
Nicknamed Sequoia , the Department of Energy computer will most likely be the most powerful in the world when it is released .
If it were running today , it'd be more than 10 times faster than any machine in existence .
When it 's installed at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in 2012 , it could make new kinds of calculations possible , but initially , that power will be primarily used to simulate nuclear explosions , as many of its supercomputer forebears have done .
All that power will help scientists understand the uncertainty inherent in their models of the world .
" Every time you do predictive science , the next question is :
How confident are you in that prediction ?
It turns out that 's a very easy question to ask and a very profound question to try to answer , " said computer scientist Mark Seager of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory .
" The way that we do that is by running a whole bunch of simulations .
Instead of just one simulation , you do 4,000 . "
The progress they make in quantifying the range of error in their models could have far reaching impacts in the branches of science that use predictive models extensively , like modeling climate change or the protein interactions inside cells .
Ultrafast computers are integral to simulating those kinds of complex systems .
They continue to progress , thanks to the well - known — though often questioned — Moore 's Law , which has allowed chip makers to pack twice as much power into the same amount of space about every two years .
More power has meant more flops , a common measurement of computing speed .
Ten years ago , Sandia 's ASCI Red became the first teraflop computer , and in December 2000 , Wired called 100 - teraflop performance " unheard of . "
But today , multiple computers have broken the petaflop ( or 1,000 teraflop ) barrier .
By almost any standard , the new computer will be staggering .
It will have 1.6 million processing cores , 1.6 petabytes of memory , 96 racks and 98,304 computing nodes .
Yet , the new computer will have a much smaller footprint at 3,400 square feet than the current fastest computer 's 5,200 square feet .
And it will be much more energy efficient than its predecessors , only drawing 6 megawatts of power a year .
That 's about how much energy 500 American homes use in the same period .
Since the Comprehensive Nuclear - Test - Ban Treaty was signed in 1996 , U.S. scientists have sought ways to continue to test and develop weapons without actually detonating them .
That 's where the big-rig computers come into play :
They can simulate the complex physics involved when , say , billions of hydrogen atoms fuse together into helium , releasing enormous amounts of energy .
Of course , those computers could be used to simulate other things , like the world 's climate .
Livermore and other Department of Energy labs have allowed their supercomputers to be used for a wide variety of sciences .
As bigger , faster machines are built to simulate weapons , the previous machines are turned toward other interests .
Initially , Sequoia will be dedicated to the National Nuclear Safety Administration work .
That means some of the exciting weather science will have to wait .
With 20 petaflops of computing power , meteorologists could predict local weather down to the 100 - meter range .
For an event like a tornado , that could mean being able to predict the path that the twister takes through a town , allowing for targeted evacuations that save lives .
It 's performance like that , Seager argues , that 's changing the way that science is done , making simulation another branch of the scientific method along with theory and experiment .
" Scientific simulation is the telescope of the mind , " Seeger said .
" We work with highly non -linear systems that have very complicated mathematics and models .
It 's just too difficult to hold all that in our brain and analyze it .
So by simulating them , we 're extending our brains ' capabilities . "
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and project site , Inventing Green : the lost history of American clean tech ; Wired Science on Facebook .
By Justin Pope — AP Education Writer
When the markets were booming , billionaire colleges like Harvard , MIT and Stanford tapped their swelling endowments and launched spending binges on faculty , buildings and scholarships .
Now , they 're seeing firsthand the one downside to relying on a huge nest - egg :
The market crash has them confronting the sharpest budget cuts in memory .
A new survey released Tuesday reports college endowments fell 3 percent in the fiscal year ending June 30 .
In a follow - up , a smaller group estimated declines averaging 23 percent in the first five months of fiscal 2009 , which began in July .
That decline is nearly twice as big as any full - year return since endowment performance was first tracked in 1974 , said Brett Hammond , chief investment strategist at TIAA - CREF , which collected the figures with NACUBO , a college business officers group , and Commonfund Institute .
The survey of 791 colleges accounts for virtually all of the endowed savings of American public and private colleges — some $ 522 billion last June .
But the losses since then would erase nearly $ 120 billion .
Colleges typically spend around 5 percent of their endowments annually .
The challenge for colleges with eroded endowments is that many of the faculty they hired now have tenure , all those new buildings still need heating — and financial aid demand is rising .
In recent years , Dartmouth College in New Hampshire spent $ 1 billion on new facilities and more than doubled its financial aid budget .
But with its endowment down $ 700 million , staff cuts are inevitable .
The college needs to slice $ 60 million from next year 's $ 700 million budget .
" I do n't think anybody believes there are n't going to be big consequences , " said Adam Keller , who oversees Dartmouth 's finance and administration .
" At the same time , people have begun to think hard what priorities exist for them and ways they can do their job better . "
From 2002 - 2007 , college endowments grew 11.5 percent annually .
Last June , there were 77 institutions with endowments of $ 1 billion or more — 30 more than in 2005 .
But in the seven months since , at least 30 may already have lost the distinction of being billionaire schools .
Compared to other institutions , the plight of elite universities is akin to the trust fund kid versus the guy with no savings but a steady job .
You 'd probably rather have the trust fund .
But when the market crashes , it 's the trust fund kid who notices the lower standard of living .
Such institutions as Stanford and Yale note that the plunging market has essentially reduced their endowment spending to where it was three or four years ago .
The dilemma is that they boosted spending on such programs as financial aid during the good years .
Yale , Stanford and others say they 're committed to their expanded aid programs , but less well - endowed schools may have to cut back .
Last week , Stanford 's faculty senate was briefed on projected endowment losses that could reach 30 percent .
The university will cut $ 120 million over two years from an $ 800 million budget .
Forty - nine business school employees have already been laid off , senior administrators have taken salary cuts and some employees have even been asked to turn in their university - owned Blackberries .
Commonfund 's John Griswold says the 1970s were more dangerous overall , when endowments were smaller .
But many colleges relied on them less then , too .
What 's unprecedented is the breadth of this decline , across the full range of investments colleges made , hoping to hedge against big losses .
" There 's great concern and anxiety , I think partly because this is such a broad and sharp decline , " Griswold said .
Brandeis University in Massachusetts announced Monday it would close its art museum and selling its modern art collection .
Emory University in Atlanta is expecting $ 60 million less annually from its endowment ( $ 5.5 billion last June ) , the president there wrote recently .
Even Harvard has cut travel , hiring and visiting faculty .
Its endowment was $ 36.9 billion last June — the highest of any institution — but it is projecting losses that could exceed $ 10 billion .
Some public universities have been hit , too ; the Universities of Washington and Illinois have lost around 25 percent , or $ 500 million and $ 370 million , respectively .
However , public institutions rely less on endowments ; at Illinois , for instance , the endowment kicks in less than 2 percent of the budget , compared to 44 percent at Yale .
Mount Holyoke , the Massachusetts women 's college , is one of many looking for more money for financial aid even as it has to save $ 5 million overall amid a fundraising slowdown .
For now , most capital projects are on hold , except for energy - saving ones , said CFO Mary Jo Maydew .
It 's one of those rare times when the poorer colleges — who balance their books mostly with tuition — can afford a small smirk .
" What we provide is paid for , " said Joe Womack , vice president for advancement at William Jessup College , a small Christian college outside Sacramento , Calif .
The school 's $ 1.2 million nest egg is the second - smallest of the 791 endowments NACUBO ranked .
" I think we get out ahead of ourselves when endowments provide millions of dollars for us to get fat on , " he said , adding it 's " hard to trim that fat in higher education . "
Colleges , he says , are learning the same lesson as everyone else : " You 've got to live within your means . "
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The drug may alter how the brain deals with memories Scientists believe a common heart medicine may be able to banish fearful memories from the mind .
The Dutch investigators believe beta - blocker drugs could help people suffering from the emotional after - effects of traumatic experiences .
They believe the drug alters how memories are recalled after carrying out the study of 60 people , Nature Neuroscience reports .
But British experts questioned the ethics of tampering with the mind .
Paul Farmer , chief executive of mental health charity Mind , said he was concerned about the " fundamentally pharmacological " approach to people with problems such as phobias and anxiety .
Before eradicating memories , we must reflect on the knock - on effects that this will have on individuals
Medical ethics expert Dr Daniel Sokol
He said the procedure might also alter good memories and warned against an " accelerated Alzheimer 's " approach .
In the study , the researchers artificially created a fearful memory by associating pictures of spiders with a mild electric shock delivered to the wrists of the volunteers .
A day later the volunteers were split into two groups - one was given the beta blocker propranolol and the other a dummy drug before both were shown the same pictures again .
The researchers assessed how fearful of the pictures the volunteers were by playing sudden noises and measuring how strongly they blinked , something called the " startle response " .
Memories erased
The group that had taken beta blockers showed less fear than the group that had taken the placebo pill .
The following day , once the drug was out of their system , the volunteers were retested .
Once again , those who had taken the beta blocker were less startled by the images .
Study leader Dr Merel Kindt explained that although the memories are still intact , the emotional intensity of the memory is dampened .
Dr Kindt stressed that using the procedure for complex conditions such as post traumatic stress disorder was still many years away .
Experiments on animals has shown beta blockers can interfere with how the brain makes sense of frightening events .
She told Nature Neuroscience : " Millions of people suffer from emotional disorders and the relapse of fear , even after successful treatment .
" Our findings may have important implications for the understanding and treatment of persistent and self - perpetuating memories in individuals suffering from emotional disorders . "
But Professor Neil Burgess of the Institute of Cognitive Neuroscience said the research merely demonstrates that the beta blockers reduce a person 's startle response , breaking the association of the spider to these unconscious responses .
And Dr Daniel Sokol , lecturer in Medical Ethics at St George 's , University of London , said memories were important , for people to learn from their mistakes for example .
" Removing bad memories is not like removing a wart or a mole .
It will change our personal identity since who we are is linked to our memories .
It may perhaps be beneficial in some cases , but before eradicating memories , we must reflect on the knock - on effects that this will have on individuals , society and our sense of humanity . "
John Harris , Professor of Bioethics at the University of Manchester , said : " An interesting complexity is the possibility that victims , say of violence , might wish to erase the painful memory and with it their ability to give evidence against assailants . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Penelope Cruz
Born in Zurich in 1954 , Michel Comte is one of the world 's busiest fashion and magazine photographers .
He trained as an art restorer and then taught himself photography .
In 1979 , he received his first advertising commission from Karl Lagerfeld for the fashion label Chlo and moved to Paris .
In 1981 , he moved to New York and later to Los Angeles for his work on American Vogue .
He describes his restless life with the words : ‘ I have always lived on the edge ' .
As soon as he notices that his life is lacking risk , he moves on and focuses on something new .
He has worked for Vanity Fair and Vogue , and shot portraits of celebrities from the world of art , music , and entertainment including Julian Schnabel , Jeremy Irons , Demi Moore , Mike Tyson , Carla Bruni , and Michael Schumacher , creating icons of portrait photography in the process .
If you find yourself in Germany , make sure to check out his exhibit , Retrospective , which is running until May 10th , 2009 at NRW - Forum Kultur und Wirtschaft .
Robert Downey Jr.
Halle Berry
Sylvester Stallone
Sharon Stone
Mickey Rourke
Naomi Campbell
Jeremy Irons
Italian designers Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana
courtesy of photography collection
NEW DELHI
There are nine bodies  all of them young men  that have been lying in a Mumbai hospital morgue since Nov. 29 .
They may be stranded there for a while because no local Muslim charity is willing to bury them in its cemetery .
This is good news .
The nine are the Pakistani Muslim terrorists who went on an utterly senseless killing rampage in Mumbai on 26/11  India ’s 9/11  gunning down more than 170 people , including 33 Muslims , scores of Hindus , as well as Christians and Jews .
It was killing for killing ’s sake .
They did n’t even bother to leave a note .
All nine are still in the morgue because the leadership of India ’s Muslim community has called them by their real name  “ murderers ” not “ martyrs ”  and is refusing to allow them to be buried in the main Muslim cemetery of Mumbai , the 7.5 - acre Bada Kabrastan graveyard , run by the Muslim Jama Masjid Trust .
“ People who committed this heinous crime cannot be called Muslim , ” Hanif Nalkhande , a spokesman for the trust , told The Times of London .
Eventually , one assumes , they will have to be buried , but the Mumbai Muslims remain defiant .
DCCC Chairman Chris Van Hollen believes Democratic candidates may face a tough environment .
Van Hollen : No third Dem wave in 2010
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee Chairman Chris Van Hollen said Friday that despite the party ’s recent success , Democratic candidates may face a tough environment in 2010 .
“ I ’m not predicting any third waves here , ” the Maryland Democrat said in remarks at a forum sponsored by Georgetown University and Politico .
Advertisement
“ If you look at first midterm elections historically , the president ’s party loses seats , ” he said .
“ The historical trend is pretty clear for Democrats . ”
Rather than trying to expand the Democratic House majority in 2010 , Van Hollen believes his job is " to hold the line . "
But he expressed confidence that his party can rebuff the historic trend if they govern effectively .
“ I believe we can prevent those kinds of losses , ” he said .
“ The American people will judge us by how we govern . ”
He added that the success of the $ 785 billion stimulus package in turning around the economy will be a major force in determining the future political landscape , creating risks for both Republicans and Democats .
“ I believe that those opposing the president at every turn are bearing a political risk , ” the Democrat said , before reminding the audience that his GOP counterpart , Pete Sessions of Texas , told The Hotline that House Republicans “ may be required ” to adopt insurgency tactics similar to the Taliban .
“ He ’s on video saying that , ” Van Hollen said .
But if the economy does not begin to recover after the passage of the stimulus , Van Hollen warned that Democrats may face a major political problem .
“ The political challenge will be if the economy does n’t turn the corner and trying to explain that , ” he said .
This article tagged under : 2010
Politics
" Look at your daughter .
Look at her body language when she 's out fetching water and then look at her when she 's learning , crouched over the computer .
I do n't know what it is she has .
It 's like technological hyperopia .
When that group of students came here it was the best thing that ever happened to her .
The internet connection is the only thing that fulfils her because it 's the only way she can get in contact with people who know things she does n't know .
" The things she 's looking at right now are called the Einstein field equations .
They were discovered ninety years ago by a man called Albert Einstein .
Einstein was probably the most significant physicist of all time .
... A , uh , a physicist is a person who studies physics .
Physics is the way the universe works .
It 's the way things move about and interact with each other .
Not the way I interact with you , " he explains , in what Anoo Nkube 's parents understand as passable Somali , " the way the smallest bits of the universe interact , on the very lowest level .
" She 's looking at these equations .
Do you know what long - sightedness is ?
Most people just see a blur .
Some people are smart , or have had the benefit of education , and they see what the symbols mean and the obvious applications .
And the derivations - the ways to get there and the routes onwards .
But Anoo sees further than anybody .
She has ideas which she did n't even know how to articulate until the students and their teacher arrived with their colourful mathematics books and this computer and modem .
The word is ' savant ' . "
Mikhail Zykov 's back begins to ache .
He 's too old to be sitting cross-legged for this long and he needs a drink .
The father 's expression is impenetrable .
The mother 's is sceptical .
" You expect me to believe that you are acting selflessly ? " asks the father eventually .
Zykov bows , acknowledging the valid point , and considers his response .
" What will I get out of it ?
Think about everything we 've said to each other .
Think about speech .
Speech is ' communication ' .
Communication is when information - a fact , a statement , a piece of knowledge - moves from one location to another .
' Information ' .
Anoo was telling me how everything has three things .
Matter can't be created or destroyed .
It can only be turned into energy .
And energy can't be created or destroyed .
It can only be turned back into matter .
It 's -- hard to explain .
Anoo will explain all of this to you .
You must ask her !
She loves to explain things to people ... "
" And the third thing ? " asks the mother .
She has always been more interested than her husband in the things her daughter discovers each day .
" Information is the third thing .
Information is how much a sand grain weighs and how much energy the light ray carries .
But information does n't have to be conserved .
When I tell you something , the information is now in two places at once .
When I make something up , the information is completely new .
And Einstein 's mass - energy equivalence , ee equals em cee squared , can be extended to -- um --"
He 's losing them .
He drops down a gear .
" Okay .
What will my government get out of it ?
Well , everybody dreams of a time when everybody in the world has all the food and water they need .
But Anoo is closer to realising that dream than anybody in the world .
The idea in her head is worth all the money in the world .
That is not something I am just saying .
All the money .
In the world . "
*
The way it was supposed to go :
Anoo Nkube , a teenage girl with no equipment besides uncountable stars and sand and no education besides a month 's basic numeracy lessons from a group of British sixth formers and a 2400 baud satellite internet connection , derives , from what her teachers and friends and family can only conclude is thin air , a highly impractical but scientifically verifiable method of mass - energy conservation violation .
Ageing Russian science advisor Mikhail Zykov is the first man to sit up and pay attention to what half a dozen other eagerly - contacted scientists have written off as baseless pseudoscience derived from unproven axioms by an enthusiastic illiterate .
The document 's badly formatted and the English is bad and the MS Paint diagrams are bloated and crude .
But the equations reflect the rules of the real universe more closely than anything previously seen in history .
" Get me this woman , " he says to the men who work for him .
" Make this happen . "
Lower the universe 's temperature sufficiently and phase changes start happening .
AC power for the birth of hydrogen .
Selectively sized quanta go in .
And one subpreonic particle turns into two subpreonic particles .
Information equals energy times the speed of light squared .
Build a big enough refrigerator and you can start processing passing tau neutrinos into raw preons of any of two flavours .
Two is enough .
From two you can build logic gates .
Divert one into another and produce a third .
Like mixing paint .
Zykov pulls strings .
Anoo
Nkube sheepishly explains what she wants in broken but rapidly improving Russian and he stands behind her and articulates what she says into concrete and precise instructions : go here , acquire these , construct this .
A disused military - industrial site in Arkhangelsk Oblast is resurrected and retrofitted .
This takes the best part of three years .
Anoo spends half of that time at Moscow State University learning at a furious rate from physics and chemistry lecturers and the other half lecturing them in return .
All this time , her focus and Zykov 's is on the Dream .
The first warm - up experiment - cool - down , rather - is in late 2008 .
It 's taken ten thousand hours of supercomputation to derive the construction process for the smallest machine modern science will allow to exist , but at the end of the long and sleepless night of 11th November the magic box contains a fully functional femtoassembler .
Information goes in .
And unbounded up and down quarks come out .
The quarks glom instantly into hydrogen nuclei , free electrons in the atmosphere voluntarily neutralise the cations and finally the atoms bond together and become cold diatomic molecular hydrogen .
Per unit mass , it 's a hundred thousand million times cheaper to get your hydrogen by electrolysing water molecules .
Hell , per unit mass , it'd be more economical to catch and bottle hot coronal plasma from the Sun itself .
But the first miracle always is the most expensive .
Magic has a high initial outlay , certainly , but let me show you these " total cost of ownership " calculations --
By the end of 2009 a foot - thick pile of differential calculus has elapsed and larger atomic structures have been solved .
Split the proton and pass information down the gap between the up and down quarks , and you can use it as a subatomic food processor .
Argon krypton neon radon xenon zinc and rhodium .
Bigger , fitter , colder , happier , more productive .
In 2012 an entire water molecule rolls off the zero - point production line .
In 2013 it 's a glucose molecule .
Version three can produce twenty atoms at once .
Version four can produce additional pipes and tubes , themselves producing arbitrary organic arrangements of hydrogen , oxygen and carbon .
The structure of reality has become programmable , and the single most important instruction of all time is : " Become a computer ... "
It takes the entire year of 2015 to make systematic destructive quantum observations of every atom in a microgram of wheat .
By 2019 the square millimetre of particle routes and imperceptibly tiny self - organising magnetic fields is producing deoxyribose by the picometre slice .
And now anything is possible .
Water .
Diamond .
Air. Fuel . Buckyballs .
Food .
Computronium .
Materials science impossibilities .
Unbreakables .
Space elevator cable .
Wine .
Lobster .
Human eyes .
All you need is the pattern and the patience to wait for the box to build a big enough version of itself .
And , of course , the ability to stop drifting off into some imaginary science fiction future to focus on the present day for long enough to make the two ends meet .
In 2022 , Anoo Nkube and Mikhail Zykov betray the Russian Federation .
Complete and tested femtoassembler instructions are forwarded to a hand - picked thousand email inboxes .
From there they go viral .
The technology hundreds of now - unemployed people have helped them to develop goes from being Russia 's most closely guarded industrial secret to the most widespread piece of information on the planet Earth .
The Russian government has its vision of absolute and permanent economic superiority wiped out .
Zykov is arrested , fined an impossible quantity of money and imprisoned for what will likely be the rest of his natural life .
Nkube disappears without trace .
By 2025 everybody on the whole of planet Earth has free access to food , light , water , heat and medicine , the boxes are fast enough to create entire living humans from pattern and future history is no longer accurately predictable .
*
But then , just for a second when he walks in through the door , Anoo Nkube sees what 's behind the mask of Mikhail Zykov .
He 's exactly the same shape he always was , but it 's like she stepped a little to the right and realised that the man everybody sees when they look at him is just a trick of perspective .
From the front he looks like a human being .
But from a little to the side , the human being is just the front end of something else , something huge and complex and black and ugly folded up painfully into an inadequate three - dimensional shell .
A skyscraper whose ground floor is a human being but every other floor is filled with oozing alien organs and weird multidimensional sensors and wriggling feely things scraping against the metaphorical glass .
Something like a compound eye focuses on her from above , and then closes up inside Venus fly trap eyelids .
" So let me tell you the real reason , " says Zykov , sitting down at the board room table .
" You 're -- not from here .
You -- what are you ?
I 've known you for years , " says Anoo , backing away and beginning to panic .
" No , you have n't . "
" Wait , wait , wait .
All this time .
It 's coming back .
You -- you said you worked for the Russian government .
You said you were a spy .
And then you said you were one of the cabinet 's scientific advisors .
And then you said this was a military project and you were a Russian general then you said it was about feeding the world -- every time I 've asked you you 've told me something different and ... I ... "
Zykov reaches into his jacket pocket and pulls out a folded piece of scrap paper , torn from a notebook .
He slides it across the table to Anoo who realises that it is actually a page taken from a diary .
Her diary .
The page is from one of her first weeks in Russia and amongst the dense and inexpert handwriting the most prominent note , in the middle of the page , across Tuesday 16th and Friday 19th , is " WHO IS MIKHAIL REALLY ? ? "
" I tore it out of your diary , " he explains .
" And I tore it out of your head .
The same thing I do with anybody whose mind starts wandering off - topic .
Information is nothing .
Where I come from we can shovel it around like snow .
You humans do n't have much to work with , inside your heads or outside , but you 've got the basic principles down .
I do n't work for Russia .
I work for me .
Everybody here works for me .
" ' War ' is too small a word for what I 'm fighting .
Like a candle in front of the whole burning Sun .
I was crushed into your universe like a worm being pinned under a mountain .
I condensed out here on Earth in this man 's incomplete and stupid body because the human race was the first intelligent life , the first fountain of new information , anywhere in Alef .
I need to get out , and for that , I need science .
But I am not a scientist .
So I need you .
Using pretense and suggestion and occasional duplicity and this mask I have briefly removed , I have been collecting power and collecting knowledge and collecting people .
That is what it has always been about .
You are not the only project .
" Look at me .
Look at what it 's like for me to be crushed into this shape .
" I found you in Somalia because you had a spark ; a radiant idea and an intellect that amplified it and made it visible for miles around .
Your assemblers run on information , and information comes from intelligent thought .
Your idea was to make a machine which turned ideas into substance .
Your dream was a box in the village , and all the kids in the village reading stories to it at night , telling them what they did that day -- turning their creativity into clothes and fresh water .
It was ... so foolish , I had to know if it would work .
And here we are . "
The mind - breaking image in Anoo Nkube 's mind wavers and disappears .
Zykov looks normal again .
She shakes herself .
" It does n't work , " she stutters .
" No .
" Here 's what 's going to happen .
Your hydrogen femtoassemblers are going to run out of control .
They 're going to build more of themselves , so many more that nobody will even have time to react .
They do n't know how to build more of themselves yet .
But one of the technicians swears he saw an electrical discharge inside the Cage and I 've seen that sign before and I know what it means .
" Within five minutes the nanometre - thick layer of assemblers will coat every free surface in the laboratory and the surrounding landscape out to a distance of at least a kilometre .
It may even occupy some of Arkhangelsk city .
It depends how lucky we are .
Hydrogen will coat the assemblers to a depth of maybe a few centimetres - all over the walls , the floor , the ceiling , our skin , our eyes , the insides of our mouths , our lungs .
And then there 'll be a spark .
It might be natural or it might be another act of God , I do n't know .
And the whole lab will go up and there 'll be nothing left but shattered burnt bodies and water vapour .
Hydrogen and oxygen makes water .
The world 's cleanest explosion .
" And before the dust has settled from the detonation replicator technology will have stopped working , anywhere in this universe , for all of time .
And your dream will be dead . "
Anoo knows he is telling the truth .
" I wrote out an equation for the mass - energy - information equivalence , " she says .
She has tears in her eyes .
" And I looked at it , and I thought , ' No , this is not right anymore .
This was right .
But now it is wrong . '
How is that possible ? "
" I told you .
This is bigger than a war , and the person we 're fighting is bigger than a world , bigger than a universe .
Now , I am not going to die today .
I have other projects , and other options .
You can come with me .
I can protect you .
" You can come with me .
Or you can stay here and die with your dream . "
Time signatures in music are written like fractions .
The numerator tells how the beats are grouped into measures .
For the vast majority of Western music in every genre — popular , classical , jazz , country , etc. — this numerator is divisible by 2 or 3 , but hardly ever by any other prime numbers .
Musicians call exceptional time signatures “ odd meters ” though this is misleading .
When they say “ odd ” they mean “ odd numbers other than powers of 3 . ”
For example , musicians would not call 9/8 and odd meter , but they would call 7/8 or 11/8 odd .
The most popular piece of music by far written in 5/4 time was Dave Brubeck ’s Take Five .
It sold over a million records in 1961 and continues to be popular 50 years after it was written .
Here ’s a video of the Brubeck Quartet performing Take Five in 1966 .
[ Update : video removed ]
And here is a mind - bending mash up of Take Five by Radiohead .
( Thanks to @explicitmemory for the link . )
Some music written in odd meters sounds like an intellectual exercise rather than a beautiful tune .
The music of Dave Brubeck is a notable exception .
In addition to Take Five , he composed other popular music in odd meters , such as Unsquare Dance written in 7/4 .
( Listen to a sample of Unsquare Dance here . )
Another song in 5/4 I enjoy is “ How Deep the Father ’s Love for Us ” recorded by Sarah Sadler .
Theme songs for action movies sometimes have music written in odd meters .
For example : Mission Impossible , Mod Squad , and The Incredibles .
Update :
See the follow - up post on Blue Rondo à la Turk .
Related : Psychoacoustics
IBM has just released a ridiculous video listing five innovations it thinks will be commonplace by 2013 .
I do n’t know about you , but this clip makes me think of one of those old mid 1960 documentary that tried to predict how technology would be at the end of the 20th century .
Unveiled today , the third annual “ IBM Next Five in Five ” is a list of innovations that have the potential to change the way people work , live and play over the next five years .
The Next Five in Five is based on market and societal trends expected to transform our lives , as well as emerging technologies from IBM ’s Labs around the world that can make these innovations .
[ Via Gizmodo ]
by | |
The Senate , in its attempt to slim down the stimulus bill , has apparently managed to squeeze in a little bit for nukes .
A billion dollars , in fact .
In various Senate version of the Bill , including on page 78 of what I believe is the most recent version , the Collins / Nelson * Bill , the following appears :
ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES
National Nuclear Security Administration WEAPONS ACTIVITIES
For an additional amount for weapons activities , $ 1,000,000,000 , to remain available until September 30 , 2010 .
Some stories speak for themselves , I think , so do n’t require editorializing .
I ’ll just point you in the direction of some of the organizations and blogs that have been covering the story ( WAND , Talking Points Memo and ANA ) and thank the person that sent me the tip - off .
Oh , and Everett Dirksen ’s most famous bon mot really does seem appropriate here : “ A billion here and a billion there , and pretty soon you ’re talking real money . ”
* I do n’t think this URL will be stable .
The same language appears on page 76 of S 336 , for instance .
The Nepenthes spathulata that captured the mouse has eaten all the bones , including the teeth !
RIAA - fan Biden 's influence in the Obama administration may be larger than anticipated , at least when it comes to file sharing :
His good pals with RIAA and BSA connections keep getting Department of Justice 's seats .
Advertisement
According to CNET , " President Obama is continuing to fill the senior ranks of the U.S. Department of Justice with the copyright industry 's favorite lawyers " with the selection of Donald Verrilli , from the Verrilli Family , el Señor Presidente 's latest acquisition .
Advertisement
Verrilli is the guy who shut down Grokster , sued Google on behalf of Viacom , and sued the pants out of Jammie Thomas in the name of the Recording Industry Association of America , that bunch of nice lovely assholes .
His new position at the Department of Justice ?
Associate deputy attorney general .
This follows up the naming of Tom Perrelli , from the Perrelli Family , as associate attorney general , the third - in - command post at the DoJ. Perrelli was and probably still is the favorite lawyer of the RIAA , suing people and companies left , right , and center in the name of the recording gang .
He will be in charge of the DoJ 's civil , antitrust , and civil rights division .
But do n't go away , because there 's more .
Who is the deputy attorney general , the second in command at the DoJ , do you ask ?
Mr. David Ogden , who - according to his previous job 's biography - represents " media and Internet industries , as well as major trade and professional associations . "
He also as " part of the department who successfully defended the Sonny Bono Copyright Term Extension Act before the U.S. Supreme Court . "
Advertisement
Not enough ?
Do n't worry , because the VP has other friends in other places .
Take Neil MacBride , another associate deputy attorney general , who previously was an aide to Biden himself .
MacBride was the king of the legal hill at the Business Software Association .
As the BSA 's antipiracy enforcer and general counsel , MacBride oversaw the creation of the program that rewarded people for phoning tips about suspected software piracy .
All these picks follow President Obama 's words , announcing that these people " bring the integrity , depth of experience and tenacity that the Department of Justice demands in these uncertain times . "
It also comes after his words as presidential candidate , asking for less restrictions and less power for the recording industry .
Advertisement
Surprised ?
We are not .
After all , there 's a pattern here .
Mr. Clinton was the one who signed the DMCA .
And the president of the RIAA reportedly only contributes to Democratic politicians and causes .
Not that the Republicans are any better in this front , mind you .
In any case , you know what we think about the recording industry and these issues .
Advertisement
RIAA Boycott : Kicking Things Off
Well , today is officially the first day of our RIAA boycott .
How do you all feel ?
Well rested ?
You … Read more
Click to viewAnd no , this is not making us happy bunnies .
[ CNET ]
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , February 3 , 2009
A Sudbury , Ontario truth activist was the victim of a warrantless police home search following the discovery of a photo of him brandishing a toy gun on the social networking website Facebook .
Despite the fact that the photo was of the man holding an obvious cap gun , police demanded to enter Ryan Lever ’s property in search of the item , which is n’t even illegal .
“ I had the police show up telling me i had a picture posted on facebook holding a gun !
I informed them it was obviously not a real gun they did not care !
They proceeded to search my house looking for this toy gun ! , ” complained Lever .
He said the pictures had been up on Facebook for over 2 years , but they had prompted an investigation by the Children ’s Aid society , leading to three burly police officers knocking on his door .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ To be honest when they showed up with 3 big cops rapping on the door then told me what it was over I laughed , ” states Lever .
“ Its just so stupid EVEN if I did have a picture posing with a REAL gun what proof do they have I even still had the gun ?
There had to be something more to this !
They checked out my facebook and I use that as a information spreading tool because plainly I DONT CARE if the scum know I am a truth activist .
They claimed York region from outside Toronto called them over the picture .
To make this funnier I threw out the toy a few weeks before so they did not even find the capgun , ” he added .
The officers did not have a warrant to enter the premises but just made out as if the situation was dangerous enough to afford them the right to conduct an instant search .
The jaw - droppingly deadly photo of Lever and his toy gun that prompted the police investigation and friendly “ home visit ” can be seen below .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Senate passed a bill on Monday to delay the nationwide switch to digital TV signals , giving consumers nearly four more months to prepare .
Christofer Aboype carries an LCD TV set at the K - Mart store in Burbank , California November 28 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Fred Prouser
The transition date would move to June 12 from February 17 under the bill that was fueled by worries that viewers are not technically ready for the congressionally - mandated switch - over .
It also would allow consumers with expired coupons , available from the government to offset the cost of a $ 40 converter box , to request new coupons .
The government ran out of coupons earlier this month , and about 2.5 million Americans are on a waiting list for them .
Senate Commerce Chairman John Rockefeller said delaying the TV switch is the right thing to do because the United States is not yet ready to make the transition .
“ The Senate acted responsibly to give the Obama administration time to attempt to bring order to a mismanaged process , ” the West Virginia Democrat said in a statement .
Many lawmakers worry that an estimated 20 million mostly poor , elderly and rural households are not ready for the switch , which requires owners of older television sets receiving over - the - air signals to buy a converter box or subscribe to cable or satellite TV .
Broadcasters are moving from analog to digital signals to give public safety officials more spectrum , especially useful for emergencies , and to improve viewing quality .
Momentum had been building for a delay since President Barack Obama backed it earlier this month .
The digital TV bill also would extend the licenses of AT&T Inc and Verizon Communications , which are waiting for the airwaves to be vacated when all TVs convert .
The companies , which paid $ 16 billion for the public airwaves in an auction last year , would get 116 extra days on their licenses under the proposed legislation .
CTIA , the wireless trade association , has said a delay could hurt confidence in the FCC ’s spectrum auctions .
For the past three weeks , a set of figures has been working a hole in my mind .
On April 16 , New Scientist published a letter from the famous botanist David Bellamy .
Many of the world 's glaciers , he claimed , " are not shrinking but in fact are growing ... 555 of all the 625 glaciers under observation by the World Glacier Monitoring Service in Zurich , Switzerland , have been growing since 1980 " .
His letter was instantly taken up by climate change deniers .
And it began to worry me .
What if Bellamy was right ?
He is a scientist , formerly a senior lecturer at the University of Durham .
He knows , in other words , that you cannot credibly cite data unless it is well - sourced .
Could it be that one of the main lines of evidence of the impact of global warming - the retreat of the world 's glaciers - is wrong ?
The question could scarcely be more important .
If man - made climate change is happening , as the great majority of the world 's climatologists claim , it could destroy the conditions that allow human beings to remain on the planet .
The effort to cut greenhouse gases must come before everything else .
This wo n't happen unless we can be confident that the science is right .
Because Bellamy is president of the Conservation Foundation , the Wildlife Trusts , Plantlife International and the British Naturalists '
Association , his statements carry a great deal of weight .
When , for example , I challenged the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders over climate change , its spokesman cited Bellamy 's position as a reason for remaining sceptical .
So last week I telephoned the World Glacier Monitoring Service and read out Bellamy 's letter .
I do n't think the response would have been published in Nature , but it had the scientific virtue of clarity : " This is complete bullshit . "
A few hours later , they sent me an email : " Despite his scientific reputation , he makes all the mistakes that are possible . "
He had cited data that was simply false , he had failed to provide references , he had completely misunderstood the scientific context and neglected current scientific literature .
The latest studies show unequivocally that most of the world 's glaciers are retreating .
But I still could n't put the question out of my mind .
The figures that Bellamy cited must have come from somewhere .
I emailed him to ask for his source .
After several requests , he replied to me at the end of last week .
The data , he said , came from a website called www.iceagenow.com.
Iceagenow was constructed by a man called Robert W Felix to promote his self - published book about " the coming ice age " .
It claims that sea levels are falling , not rising ; that the Asian tsunami was caused by the " ice age cycle " ; and that " underwater volcanic activity - not human activity - is heating the seas " .
Is Felix a climatologist , a volcanologist or an oceanographer ?
Er , none of the above .
His biography describes him as a " former architect " .
His website is so bonkers that I thought at first it was a spoof .
Sadly , he appears to believe what he says .
But there , indeed , was all the material that Bellamy cited in his letter , including the figures - or something resembling the figures - he quoted .
" Since 1980 , there has been an advance of more than 55 % of the 625 mountain glaciers under observation by the World Glacier Monitoring group in Zurich . "
The source , which Bellamy also cited in his email to me , was given as " the latest issue of 21st Century Science and Technology " .
21st Century Science and Technology ?
It sounds impressive , until you discover that it is published by Lyndon LaRouche .
Lyndon LaRouche is the American demagogue who in 1989 received a 15 - year sentence for conspiracy , mail fraud and tax - code violations .
He has claimed that the British royal family is running an international drugs syndicate , that Henry Kissinger is a communist agent , that the British government is controlled by Jewish bankers , and that modern science is a conspiracy against human potential .
It was n't hard to find out that this is one of his vehicles : LaRouche is named on the front page of the magazine 's website , and the edition Bellamy cites contains an article beginning : " We in LaRouche 's Youth Movement find ourselves in combat with an old enemy that destroys human beings ... it is empiricism . "
Oh well , at least there is a source for Bellamy 's figures .
But where did 21st Century Science and Technology get them from ?
It does n't say .
But I think we can make an informed guess , for the same data can be found all over the internet .
They were first published online by Professor Fred Singer , one of the very few climate change deniers who has a vaguely relevant qualification ( he is , or was , an environmental scientist ) .
He posted them on his website , www.sepp.org, and they were then reproduced by the appropriately named junkscience.com , by the Cooler Heads Coalition , the US National Centre for Public Policy Research and countless others .
They have even found their way into the Washington Post .
They are constantly quoted as evidence that man-made climate change is not happening .
But where did they come from ?
Singer cites half a source : " A paper published in Science in 1989 . "
Well , the paper might be 16 years old , but at least , and at last , there is one .
Surely ?
I went through every edition of Science published in 1989 , both manually and electronically .
Not only did it contain nothing resembling those figures , throughout that year there was no paper published in this journal about glacial advance or retreat .
So it was n't looking too good for Bellamy , or Singer , or any of the deniers who have cited these figures .
But there was still one mystery to clear up .
While Bellamy 's source claimed that 55 % of 625 glaciers are advancing , Bellamy claimed that 555 of them - or 89 % - are advancing .
This figure appears to exist nowhere else .
But on the standard English keyboard , 5 and % occupy the same key .
If you try to hit % , but fail to press shift , you get 555 , instead of 55 % .
This is the only explanation I can produce for his figure .
When I challenged him , he admitted that there had been " a glitch of the electronics " .
So , in Bellamy 's poor typing , we have the basis for a whole new front in the war against climate science .
The 555 figure is now being cited as definitive evidence that global warming is a " fraud " , a " scam " , a " lie " .
I phoned New Scientist to ask if Bellamy had requested a correction .
He had not .
It is hard to convey just how selective you have to be to dismiss the evidence for climate change .
You must climb over a mountain of evidence to pick up a crumb : a crumb which then disintegrates in the palm of your hand .
You must ignore an entire canon of science , the statements of the world 's most eminent scientific institutions , and thousands of papers published in the foremost scientific journals .
You must , if you are David Bellamy , embrace instead the claims of an eccentric former architect , which are based on what appears to be a non-existent data set .
And you must do all this while calling yourself a scientist .
www.monbiot.com
Remember the deranged McCain staffer who made up a story yesterday that she was supposedly attacked and mutilated by a crazed Obama fan ( of course a black man ) while she was trying to get money from an ATM ?
Well , we now know the woman is a liar and filed a false police report , apparently having carved her own face in an effort to throw the election for her boss , John McCain .
Now we learn that McCain ’s Pennsylvania communications director pushed the hoax mutilation story to the media , even claiming that the supposed “ B ” carved on the victim ’s face stood for “ Barack Obama . ”
Reportedly , McCain and Palin both called the hoaxer to offer their support .
Imagine the judgment , or lack thereof , of McCain and Plain .
There ’s that vetting problem again .
TPM has more :
But it is not just corporations that are finding that bigger may be better .
Hull , Mass. , is about as far from an oil or gas well as it is possible to get in the United States .
Its municipal utility decided in the early 1980s to build a wind turbine , making an asset from the strong breeze coming off the ocean north of Boston .
The machine it built could generate 40 kilowatts , enough for a handful of homes .
Five years ago , Hull tried again , still wanting to cut energy costs and also the emissions of greenhouse gases that might one day cause the Atlantic Ocean , which surrounds the town on three sides , to creep up the beaches .
It built a wind machine 16 times larger , 660 kilowatts .
While the 1985 turbine was on a structure that looked a bit like a ham - radio operator ’s antenna , the new one , named Hull 1 , was on a 150 - foot tower .
But it was too small .
Last year the town installed Hull 2 , which at 1.8 megawatts is three times larger .
Now Hull is considering four new turbines that can produce 3.6 megawatts each .
“ The small one we have , purely aesthetically , is kind of an ugly thing , ” said John B. Murdock , manager of the municipal electric system .
With their slow - moving , graceful blades , he said , “ the big ones are much more attractive . ”
They also make better economic sense , he said .
Earlier this year , the town put up a tiny turbine , 1,800 watts , as an educational tool , for $ 15,000 .
If 1,000 families in the area put up such machines , they would have the same output as Hull 2 , at a cost of $ 15 million .
Hull 2 cost about $ 3 million .
Hull ’s economics are being repeated around New England and the world .
Farther down the Massachusetts coast in Nantucket Sound , for example , entrepreneurs are trying to build the Cape Wind project , 130 turbines producing 3.6 megawatts each .
At Siemens Power Generation , which builds equipment for wind turbines and other generators , Randy Zwirn , the chief executive , said that the only limit to wind - turbine size might be how long a blade could be transported to the site .
The company ’s 3.6 - megawatt machine uses a blade that is about 175 feet long .
Other companies want to build even bigger wind turbines with capacities as high as seven megawatts .
A larger machine would be even higher — perhaps 250 feet — and could take advantage of the fact that winds are 20 percent stronger at 250 feet than at 150 feet , said Dr. Mark Z. Jacobson , an associate professor at Stanford ’s department of civil and environmental engineering .
Named for Hero Or Socialist Symbol ?
Dr. Hammer was born on the Lower East Side of Manhattan on May 21 , 1898 , the son of Julius Hammer and Rose Robinson Hammer .
In " Hammer , " Dr. Hammer wrote that his father named him Armand " after Armand Duval , the romantic hero in Dumas 's ' La Dame aux Camelias , ' although others suggested he obviously had in mind the symbol of the Socialist Labor Party -- an arm and a hammer . "
Dr. Hammer 's business career began when he was a medical student at the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University .
In " Hammer , " he wrote that his father , who had become a physician and a pharmaceuticals manufacturer , was in poor health and called on him to take over his business .
The young Hammer did so and , while continuing his studies , prospered mightily .
" Average income in the United States in 1919 was about $ 625 a year , " he wrote , while " my personal income was over $ 1 million net . "
When he graduated from medical school in 1921 , he had six months to wait before beginning his internship .
But other events intervened .
There was a typhus epidemic , along with other problems , in the Soviet Union at the time , four years after the revolution ; and he decided to go there , thinking he would work as a doctor .
When he arrived , he found that the major problem was starvation , not typhus .
Then , he wrote , " there came to me the single proposition which most dramatically changed my life " -- the idea , which he swiftly acted on , of trading American grain for furs and other goods from the Soviet Union .
Before long , Dr. Hammer attracted the attention of Lenin , who needed foreign investment and who gave the young American a concession for asbestos in the Urals .
Dr. Hammer wrote in " Hammer " that the concession was not as successful as he himself had hoped , but it was the start of a profitable trading relationship .
He soon became the representative of three dozen American companies .
Enter Stalin , Exit Hammer
In 1925 , he asked for a pencil concession .
He received it , and with the aid of experts and technology from Germany , he produced $ 2.5 million worth of pencils in his first year .
y 1930 , he was employing 1,000 workers and producing nearly 500,000 pencils a day .
But Stalin came into power , and , he wrote , it was clear " that Stalin was not a man with whom you could do business . "
Mainly for that reason , he wrote , he left the Soviet Union .
In the decades that followed , Dr. Hammer made money in a variety of fields , including the sale of art that he had acquired in the Soviet Union , the production of beer and whiskey barrels and the operation of a number of distilleries .
After greatly expanding sales at J. W. Dant Bonded Bourbon , he sold the distillery for $ 6.5 million and moved to California in 1955 , thinking he would retire .
At war today in Gaza , one combatant is committed to causing the most civilian pain and suffering on both sides .
The other combatant is committed to saving as many lives as possible - also on both sides .
It 's a recurring theme .
Israel gave similar warnings to southern Lebanese villagers before attacking Hezbollah in the Lebanon war of 2006 .
The Israelis did this knowing it would lose for them the element of surprise and cost the lives of their own soldiers .
Google Japan seems desperate in chasing the Mighty Yahoo !
( see here for example ) .
They are now using a tainted and controversial social media optimization method called pay - per-post , provided by CyberBuzz .
Recently , Google Japan announced a top - page redesign on their official blog , in which they added a “ Google Kyuujyoushou Waado ( Hot Keywords ) ” feature .
This addition displays the 5 most searched - for keywords in the previous 24 hours .
Google Japan planned the new feature to help with their tough search - share fight against nemesis Yahoo !
Japan .
In the screenshot above , just below the search box section , 5 keywords are listed with links to their respective Google searches .
At the same time , there are a number of blog entries on Google ’s blog widget ( called “ blog parts ” in Japanese ) reviewing this “ Hot Keywords ” feature , all of them strangely resembling each other .
When you search for “ Google Hot Keywords Ranking ” + “ Blog Widget ” + “ CyberBuzz ” in Japanese on Google Blog Search , you will see over 30 posts by bloggers writing about this new service , saying things like “ I ’m a part of the CyberBuzz campaign ” or “ You can earn some money by writing interesting stories provided by CyberBuzz ” .
( e.g. 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 )
So Google Blog Search , which has been spammed for so long , is now spamming itself in Japan .
I have translated part of a random entry as an example :
The Google Hot Keywords blog widget [ link to Google ’s page ] can show you what is in fashion now , and what other people are interested in .
It ’s appealing that you can view buzzwords from the previous day or the previous week .
I am sometimes surprised to see that such words are so popular !
Personally , I like the “ fortune - teller ” feature from the previous week ’s ranking .
When I click on a keyword , I am quickly taken to Google ’s result page and so I enjoy the feature .
I might not have noticed them by myself , but now I understand that these things are what people care about .
I am participating in CyberBuzz ’s campaign .
CyberBuzz is one of the biggest pay - per- post agencies in Japan and are known for their high payouts .
( Some blog posts fetch $ 100 for a single entry . )
So they are now link - building using monetary incentives to try to crook their own search results in a malicious way .
I think this is a waste of money and only tarnishes their reputation for fairness .
Google Japan also does business with notorious news - clipping site Gigazine , and has been running a few ad campaigns which include special customized banners .
There are many article - like advertisements on the site .
These articles , which look almost the same as regular ones , have “ ad ” tags ( “ 広告 ” in Japanese ) at bottom , which are very subtle , and will no doubt not be noticed by many readers .
You can see for yourself by clicking the screenshot below , and reading the ( poor ) explanation at the bottom of the article that the entry is in fact an advertisement .
[ Update 2009.02.10 ]
Google Japan Apologizes For Inappropriate Pay Per Post Use
via Netafull
( Proofread by Sean O’Hagan )
[ Update 2012-01-05 ] US
Google did the same mistake three years later when Matt Cutts penalized Google Japan .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Facebook
More
Google
Pinterest
Email
Council communism is a theory of working - class struggle and revolution which holds that the means that workers will use to fight capitalism , overthrow it , and establish and administer communist society , will be the workers ' councils .
Historically , workers ' councils ( or ' soviets ' , from the Russian word for council ) first arose in Russia in 1905 .
During that year , workers in many industrial areas engaged in mass strike .
In the absence of any widespread trade - union organisation , these strikes were organised by committees of delegates elected from the factory floor .
Where workers of several trades or industries were on strike at the same time , delegates from the separate strike committees often met in central bodies to unify and coordinate the struggle .
The most famous example of this was the St Petersburg Soviet , formed in October 1905 .
As well as agitating over economic issues , such as limitation of the length of the working day , the soviets raised political demands , such as for the convocation of Constituent Assembly .
The events in Russia in 1905 made a considerable impact on revolutionaries in Western Europe , and particularly Germany .
At this stage , however , the soviets were not yet regarded as the most important feature of the struggle ; Anton Pannekoek , a leading theoretician of council communism whose writings will form the basis of this account , recalled later that the soviets were ' hardly noticed as a special phenomenon ' at the time .
[ 1 ]
Instead it was the mass strikes of 1905 which made the greatest impression , as typified by Rosa Luxemburg 's famous account of 1905 , which was titled The Mass Strike , and which contained only one fleeting reference to the soviets . [ 2 ]
For revolutionaries such as Pannekoek and Luxemburg of the ' left wing ' of the German Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) the mass strike was one of the first signs of the emergency of new forms of organisation and struggle corresponding to new developments within capitalism .
After the First World War this recognition was developed into a theory which saw the working class 's use of parliament and trade unions as belonging to a period when capitalism was still an expanding system and workers were able to win substantial reforms .
From around the turn of the century onwards , however , as capitalism entered the crisis which led to the First World War , it became increasingly difficult for workers to wrest any concessions from the ruling class other than through action on a mass scale .
Furthermore , the end of capitalist expansion also opened up the prospect of a revolutionary overthrow of system , and this was again a task to which new forms of mass action would be fitted better than the old parliamentary and trade - union methods .
When the workers ' councils re-emerged in Russia following the February Revolution in 1917 they surpassed the point they reached in 1905 , setting themselves up as a rival to the authority of the state and then ( or so it seemed at the time ) seizing power themselves in the October Revolution .
' Now their importance was grasped by the workers of Western Europe ' , wrote Pannekoek .
[3 ]
In a pamphlet completed in July 1918 , another prominent council communist , Herman Gorter , wrote of the soviets in Russia : ' The working class of the world has found in these Workers ' Councils its organisation and its centralisation , its form and its expression , for the revolution and for the Socialist society . '[ 4 ]
Under the impact of the Russian Revolution , and the German Revolution the following year , various small revolutionary groups which had split from the SPD over its support for the First World War formed themselves into the Communist Party of Germany ( KPD ) , voting by a majority to adopt anti-parliamentary and anti-trade union positions at the founding congress in 1918 .
When referring to this period , this anti-parliamentary and anti-trade - union majority can for convenience 's sake be called ' left communists ' , since at the time their political views appeared to be a ' more extreme ' version of the ' orthodoxy ' by which they were defined , i.e. the Bolshevism of Lenin and the Third International .
Before long , however , the apparently tactical differences between the left communists and the Bolsheviks came to a head .
During 1919 the left communist majority was forced out of the KPD by means of bureaucratic manoeuvring , and in April 1920 formed itself into the Communist Workers ' Party of Germany ( KAPD ) .
The KAPD was one of the groups which Lenin attacked in his polemic against ' Left - Wing ' Communism , an Infantile Disorder ( 1920 ) . [ 5 ]
Lenin 's criticisms were answered immediately by Herman Gorter in a lengthy ' Open Letter to Comrade Lenin ' , written in the summer of 1920 .
Gorter had already expressed the basic premise of the ' Open Letter ' in his 1918 work on The World Revolution , when he had argued that ' The condition of the Western European Revolution , especially in England and Germany , are entirely unlike , and cannot be compared with , those of the Russian Revolution . '[ 6 ]
Gorter argued that in Russia the working class had been able to ally with the peasantry to overthrow a weak ruling class .
In Western Europe , on the other hand , the working class had no natural allies , and faced a very powerful ruling class .
Therefore all tactics for the class struggle in Western Europe had to aim at increasing the power , autonomy and class consciousness of the workers .
The tactics advocated by Lenin and the Third International - such as participation in parliament and in the trade unions , and alliances with Social Democratic Parties came nowhere near to fulfilling such criteria .
According in Gorter :
" As the Third International does not believe in the fact that in Western Europe the proletariat will stand alone , it neglects the mental development of this proletariat ; which in every respect is deeply entangled in the bourgeois ideology as yet ; and chooses tactics which leave the slavery and subjection to bourgeois ideas unmolested , intact .
The Left Wing [ by contrast ] chooses its tactics in such a way that in the first place the mind of the worker is made free . " [ 7 ]
At first , the KAPD , along with like - minded groups from other countries , fought for its perspectives within the Third International , believing that " Whoever wishes to conduct the West - European revolution according to the tactics and by the road of the Russian revolution , is not qualified to conduct it . " [ 8 ]
It met with no success in this struggle , however , and left the International in 1921 after the Third Congress .
Soon afterwards , a section of the KAPD ( the so - called ' Essen tendency ' ) tried to set up a new , Fourth ( Communist Workers ' ) International .
Given the reflux of the post - war revolutionary wave , such a venture was doomed to failure , but the Fourth International ( or KAI ) is still interesting in that the attempt to establish it had to be justified by a critique of the Third International , the Russian state , and the Russian Revolution .
The ' Manifesto of the Fourth Communist International ' ( written by Gorter in 1921 ) argued that the Russian Revolution had been a ' dual revolution ' : in the towns , a working - class , communist revolution against capitalism , and , in the countryside , a peasant , capitalist revolution against feudalism .
This contradictory and antagonistic duality had been resolved in favour of peasant - capitalist interests in 1921 , with the introduction of the New Economic Policy .
Thenceforth the ' Soviet Government ' had ceased to serve working - class interests ; it had become a capitalist state .
Insofar as the Third International was tied to the interests of the Russian state , it too lad become a capitalist institution .
Hence the need for the formation of a new workers ' International . [ 9 ]
While Gorter was characterising the Russian Revolution as a ' dual revolution ' - part communist , part capitalist - other left communists went further in their critique .
In 1921 , Pannekoek argued that ' the Russian revolution is a bourgeois revolution , like the French one of 1789 ' . [ 10 ]
In time this view became predominant among the left communists .
By 1923 Gorter seemed to have abandoned his ' dual revolution ' thesis when he argued that 'even in their First , revolutionary , so - called communist stage , the Bolsheviks showed their bourgeois character ' . [ 11 ]
Another left communist , Otto Rühle , had come to the conclusion that the Russian Revolution had been a capitalist revolution even before Pannekoek or Gorter , and in 1924 he too wrote that the Russian Revolution had been ' the last in the line of the great bourgeois revolutions of Europe ' . [ 12 ]
Thereafter the term ' left communism ' became increasingly redundant .
What had initially appeared to be disagreements over the tactics of the working - class revolution in Russia and Western Europe were now understood as fundamental differences between the methods of the capitalist revolution in Russia and the communist revolution in Western Europe .
Revolutionaries such as Gorter , Rühle and Pannekoek analysed the Russian Revolution as a ' bourgeois ' revolution leading to the establishment of state capitalism .
For the working class the lasting significance of the Russian Revolution did not lie in the type of society to which it had given rise , but in the forms of action used by the Russian workers during the revolution :
" Russia showed to the European and American workers , confined within reformist ideas and practice , first how an industrial working class by gigantic mass actions of wild strikes is able to undermine and destroy an obsolete state power ; and second , how in such actions the strike committees develop into workers ' councils , organs of fight and of self - management , acquiring political tasks and functions . " [ 13 ]
Thus , through their central emphasis on the council form , those formerly styled ' left communists ' came to be known as ' council communists ' .
At the beginning of the 1920s the KAPD had claimed a membership in excess of 40 000 .
In close alliance were a further 200 000 workers in the revolutionary anti-trade - union ' factory organisations ' under the umbrella of the General Workers ' Union of Germany ( AAUD ) .
However , as is the case with any active communist organisations outside periods of revolutionary turmoil , these numbers steadily decreased throughout the 1920s , so that by the 1930s the council communists existed only as small , scattered propagandist groups , mainly in Germany and Holland .
The Dutch Group of International Communists ( GIG ) , which was formed in 1927 , published the journal Rätekorrespondenz ( ' Council Correspondence ' ) .
This served as the vehicle for numerous important theoretical debates , many of which were taken up by the German revolutionary emigrés in the USA who had started publication of International Council Correspondence ( later known as Living Marxism and then as New Essays ) in 1934 .
This was edited by the ex-KAPD member Paul Mattick , and its contributors included Rühle , Pannekoek and Karl Korsch .
The group in America had some contact with the longest - surviving British council communist organisation , the Anti-Parliamentary Communist Federation .
The APCF ( formed in 1921 ) published a succession of newspapers , the best and last of which was Solidarity ( 1938 - 44 ) .
During the Second World War Anton Pannekoek wrote what is probably the best - known expression of council communist ideas , Workers ' Councils , and he continued to contribute articles to the revolutionary press until his death in 1960 .
In the USA Paul Mattick published a number of books after the war , mainly concerned with a Marxist critique of bourgeois economics .
His Anti-Bolshevik Communism ( 1978 ) collected together the fruits of a life - time 's commitment to the revolutionary movement . [ 14 ]
Theoretical Questions
In examining the principal theoretical ideas of council communism , it is useful to bear in mind that council communism originally emerged in opposition to certain dominant trends within the existing workers ' movement , in particular within Social Democracy and syndicalism .
In fact , council communist ideas are perhaps most easily understood when approached from this angle .
In one sense , therefore , council communism can be seen as a critique of the use of parliament and trade unions as weapons in the class struggle .
In his early writings , Anton Pannekoek did not reject these outright .
His text on Tactical Differences Within the Workers ' Movement ( 1909 ) argued that parliamentary debates and propaganda during election campaigns could be used to ' enlighten the workers about their class situation ' .
Trade - union organisation could impart a sense of discipline , solidarity , and collective class consciousness .
Agitation for reforms could also conceivably increase workers ' class consciousness and organisational strength . [ 15 ]
However , this assessment of the worth of parliament , trade unionism and reformist agitation indicates the point of view from which the council communists evaluated all forms of struggle , a point of view which Pannekoek summed up in Workers ' Councils :
" Here is the criterion for every form of action , for tactics and methods of fight , for forms of organisation : do they enhance the power of the workers ?
For the present , but , still more essential , for the future , for the supreme goal of annihilating capitalism ? " [ 16 ]
As we have seen , in his polemic with Lenin , Herman Gorter had argued that all revolutionary tactics had to aim at increasing the power , autonomy and class consciousness of the workers .
This was a point of view shared by Pannekoek , and it was on the basis of such criteria that council communists rejected the old methods of Social Democracy .
Thus , in 1920 Pannekoek summed up his opposition to the use of parliament as follows :
" parliamentary activity is the paradigm of struggles in which only the leaders are actively involved and in which the masses themselves play a subordinate role .
It consists in individual deputies carrying on the main battle ; this is bound to arouse the illusion among the masses that others can do their fighting for them .
... the tactical problem is how we are to eradicate the traditional bourgeois mentality which paralyses the strength of the proletarian masses ; everything which lends new power to the received conceptions is harmful .
The most tenacious and intractable element in this mentality is dependence upon leaders , whom the masses leave to determine general questions and to manage their class affairs .
Parliamentarianism inevitably tends to inhibit the autonomous activity by the masses that is necessary for revolution . " [ 17 ]
Before the First World War , Pannekoek had also criticised trade - union activity by putting exactly the same emphasis on class consciousness and autonomous activity .
Within the unions , he argued :
" Success or failure appears to depend on the personal qualities of the leaders , on their strategic skill , on their ability to read a situation correctly ; while the enthusiasm and experience of the masses themselves are not regarded as active factors . " [ 18 ]
" Success of mass movements depends on their capacity for autonomous action , their unquenchable ardour for battle , and the boldness and initiative of the masses .
But it is precisely these qualities , the primary condition of the struggle for freedom that are repressed and annihilated by trade union discipline . " [ 19 ]
As well as being a critique of parliamentary and trade - unionist methods from the point of view of working - class self - emancipation , council communism also emerged as an opposition to dominant ideas about what the overthrow of capitalism would involve , and how this would come about .
In 1938 Pannekoek wrote :
" There are many who think of the proletarian revolution ... as a series of consecutive phases : first , conquest of government and instalment of a new government , then expropriation of the capitalist class by law , and then a new organisation of the process of production . " [ 20 ]
This had been the dominant conception within the Social Democratic Second International .
Similarly schematic conceptions of revolution also prevailed within the syndicalist movement , which looked , for the most part , to the gradual building up of industrial unions within capitalism , the overthrow of the ruling class by the General Strike , and then the reorganisation of society by the unions .
Council communists rejected these ideas .
In Workers ' Councils Pannekoek wrote that ' victory will not be one event , finishing the fight and introducing a then following period of reconstruction ' , [ 21 ] nor would it involve a series of ' different consecutive occurrences ' . [ 22 ]
In Pannekoek 's view :
" The revolution by which the working class will win mastery and freedom , is not a single event of limited duration .
It is a process of organisation , of self - education , in which the workers gradually , now in progressing rise , then in steps and leaps , develop the force to vanquish the bourgeoisie , to destroy capitalism , and to build up their new system of collective production . " [ 23 ]
This idea of revolution as a process is central to council communism , and it leads us directly to a consideration of council communist ideas concerning class consciousness and organisation , which Pannekoek described in 1909 as ' those two pillars of working class power ' . [ 24 ]
In the council communists ' view , revolution would involve the mass action of a vast majority of the working class .
This was one of the principal points of divergence between the council communists and the Bolsheviks .
The communist revolution wrote Pannekoek in 1938 :
" cannot be attained by an ignorant mass , confident followers of a party presenting itself as an expert leadership .
It can be attained only if the workers themselves , the entire class , understand the conditions , ways and means of their fight ; when every man knows , from his own judgement , what to do .
They must , every man of them , act themselves , decide themselves , hence think out and know for themselves . " [ 25 ]
As this passage illustrates very well , mass action is inseparable from mass consciousness , and the council communists continually emphasised that widespread class consciousness was one of the essential conditions of working - class self - emancipation .
This is not to say , however , that the council communists thought that widespread class consciousness was an essential precondition of revolution , if this is taken to mean that the majority of the working class must be fully class conscious before any revolutionary action can be attempted .
The emphasis in council communism tended towards the reverse of such a relationship between class consciousness and class action .
As Pannekoek put it , the struggles of the workers ' are not so much the result as the starting point of their spiritual development ' . [ 26 ]
In keeping with their idea of revolution as a process , the council communists argued that generalised , widespread class consciousness could only be a product of workers ' active engagement in the class struggle itself .
In her account of the 1905 Russian Revolution , Rosa Luxemburg had argued that the ' high degree of political education , of class consciousness and organisation ' which the working class needed if its struggles were to be successful could not be brought about 'by pamphlets and leaflets , but only by the living political school , by the fight and in the fight , in the continuous course of the revolution ' . [ 27 ]
Luxemburg 's conception was shared by the council communists ; in 1927 Pannekoek argued that class consciousness :
" is not learned from books , or through courses on theory and political formation , but through real life practice of the class struggle .
It is true that prior to action , as well as after action , theory can be expressed in concepts that present organized knowledge ; but , in order to develop in a real sense , this knowledge itself must be acquired in the hard school of experience , a harsh lived experience that shapes the mind in the full heat of combat ...
It is only through the practice of its struggles against capitalism ... that the proletariat is transformed into a revolutionary class capable of conquering the capitalist system . " [ 28 ]
In parallel with their view that widespread class consciousness would emerge from active mass involvement in the class struggle , rather than from ' simply converting people through propaganda to new political opinions ' , [ 29 ] the council communists also anticipated that working - class organisation , the second essential condition of the communist revolution , would arise in a similar way .
The revolution could not be prepared in advance through gradually organising the working class in readiness for the single , decisive revolutionary act .
In 1912 Anton Pannekoek criticised the attitude which held that revolution was 'an event in the future , a political apocalypse , and all we have to do meanwhile is prepare for the final show - down by gathering our strength and assembling and drilling our troops ' . [ 30 ]
Against this attitude he had put forward the view that :
" it is only by the struggle for power itself that the masses can be assembled , drilled and formed into an organisation capable of taking power . " [ 31 ]
He repeated this view in Workers ' Councils :
" The workers ' forces are like an army that assembles during the battle !
They must grow by the fight itself . " [ 32 ]
Here Pannekoek 's ideas echoed Rosa Luxemburg 's formulation of the relationship between class struggle and organisation in The Mass Strike : ' the organisation does not supply the troops for the struggle , but the struggle , in an ever growing degree , supplies recruits for the organisation ' . [ 33 ]
In 1920 Pannekoek argued that mass revolutionary organisations ( such as the ' One Big Union ' or ' Industrial Unions ' that syndicalists sought to create ) could not be :
" set up within a still passive workforce in readiness for the revolutionary feeling of the workers to function within it in time to come : this new form of organisation can itself only be set up in the process of revolution , by workers making a revolutionary intervention . " [ 34 ]
One example which Pannekoek used in Workers ' Councils illustrates excellently the council communists ' ideas about organisation .
In the USA in the 1930s the presence of large numbers of unemployed ( and therefore potential blackleg ) workers meant that ' Any regular strike against wage cuttings was made impossible , because the shops after being left by the strikers , immediately would be flooded by the masses outside . '
To overcome this problem , workers adopted the occupation tactic , i.e. going on strike , but remaining in the workplace .
Workers also found that by occupying the workplace collectively , the striking workforce was no longer ' dispersed over the streets and homes ... separated into loose individuals ' , and that strikes no longer had to be ' accompanied by a continuous fight with the police over the use of streets and rooms for meeting ' .
As Pannekoek pointed out , the occupation tactic , which almost as a by - product increased the solidarity and active participation of those on strike , was not planned consciously in advance of the actual struggles :
' It was not invented by theory , it arose spontaneously out of practical needs ; theory can do no more than afterwards explain its causes and consequences . '[ 35 ]
Again , there is a continuity here between the ideas of the council communists and of Rosa Luxemburg , for in 1904 Luxemburg had argued that ' fighting tactics ' were not ' invented ' by revolutionaries , but were :
" the result of a progressive series of great creative acts in the course of the experimenting and often elemental class struggle ... the unconscious precedes the conscious , the logic of the objective historical process goes before the subjective logic of its spokesmen . " [ 36 ]
Thus organisation and class consciousness are linked through a dialectical relationship .
New forms of struggle and organisation arise spontaneously , in the sense that they are not planned consciously in advance , and they arise as a practical response to the problems faced by workers in the course of their struggles .
Once these new forms have arisen , however , they can be made more widely known , and other groups of workers can begin to act on their example .
To sum up these ideas , from the council communist point of view the revolutionary process can be seen as one in which the working class continually adopts new ideas and new forms of organisation in response to the practical problems which confront it in the course of the class struggle .
Once workers have taken up the fight against the attacks of the ruling class , the necessity to overcome the practical problems which crop up in the course of the fight pushes workers towards the realisation that existing forms of organisation are no longer adequate to their tasks , and that new forms have to be developed .
In the course of an escalating struggle each practical step forward taken by the working class in serious pursuit of its demands leads in the direction of the overthrow of the existing system and the simultaneous reorganisation of society in the working class 's own interests .
As Pannekoek put it in 1920 :
" without being communist by conviction , the masses are more and more following the path which communism shows them , for practical necessity is driving them in that direction " . [ 37 ]
This is not a unilinear process ; advances and retreats follow one another .
None the less , the underlying tendency is towards communism , if for no other reason than that reliance on outmoded ideas and forms of organisation invariably leads to defeats , whereas the adoption of new ideas and new forms brings successes .
In his book , Lenin as Philosopher ( 1938 ) , Pannekoek based this conception on a fundamental ' theory of knowledge ' :
" On the basis of his experiences man derives generalisations and rules , natural laws , on which his expectations are based .
They are generally correct , as is witnessed by his survival .
Sometimes , however , false conclusions may be drawn , with failure and destruction in their wake .
Life is a continuous process of learning , adaptation , development .
Practice is the unsparing test of the correctness of thinking . " [ 38 ]
Workers ' Councils and Communism
This basic account of council communism can be completed with a description of the role of the workers ' councils within council communist theory .
As was the case with the council communists ' ideas on class consciousness and organisation , their emphasis on workers ' councils is also understood best in the context of the central concept of revolution as a process .
If revolution is a process , rather than a series of consecutive but separate events , then it follows that there must be a single organisational form which can be used by the working class throughout all phases of the struggle .
In a slightly schematic way , it could be said that since communism is based on common ownership and democratic control of the means of production and distribution , the organisations which carry out the communist revolution must be ones which are suited to the realisation of this final goal .
As Pannekoek wrote in 1938 :
" Since the revolutionary class fight against the bourgeoisie and its organs is inseparable from the seizure of the productive apparatus by the workers and its application to production , the same organisation that unites the class for its fight also acts as the organisation of the new productive process . " [ 39 ]
The organisations which the working class uses to fight against capitalism are therefore in a sense pre-figurative of the organisations which are used for the construction and administration of the new , communist society .
Council communists have commonly expected the workers ' councils to emerge from mass strike movements where workers would take the conduct of their struggle into their own hands rather than leaving it up to existing organisations such as the trade unions .
All strikers would meet in regular mass assemblies to discuss and organise the struggle , and to elect strike committees whose members would be delegates mandated by and answerable to the general assemblies and who could be recalled and replaced at any time .
Where the strike centres were geographically dispersed , or as other sections of the working class joined the strike movement , delegates from the separate strike committees would meet in central bodies to unite and coordinate the struggle .
To the extent that it began to draw in wider and wider sections of the working class , the movement 's demands would tend to outstrip their original starting - point , and tend towards the expression of the interests of the working class as a whole .
At the same time , as a consequence of the interests of the entire working class being at stake , the general assemblies would be open to all those involved in the struggle - revolutionaries , families and relatives of strikers , inhabitants of the surrounding communities , the unemployed , and so on .
Within a fairly short space of time , the general assemblies and the local and central strike committees would be faced with tasks other than the pursuit of ' economic ' demands .
For example , they would perhaps have to publish bulletins or newspapers , in order to spread information , keep everyone fully informed about what was happening , and combat propaganda put out by the ruling class .
They might also have to form militias in order to defend themselves against attacks from the armed forces of the ruling class , and to take the struggle onto the offensive .
Thus through these and other necessary measures the strike committees would take on political functions , becoming in the process true workers ' councils or soviets , organs of working - class power , rivalling the authority of the capitalist state .
Before long the workers would also be faced with the necessity of organising food and power supplies and other essential services , whose normal functioning would have been paralysed by the strike movement , in order to supply their own material needs .
Where factories and workplaces were occupied by workers , to all intents and purposes the owning class would have been expropriated , and production and distribution would be restarted according to the needs of the workers .
Here technical , social and political decisions would be on the agenda : methods of production , what to produce and in what quantities , the basis of distribution in the event of shortages and so on .
The workers would express their interests in all these matters by exactly the same means they had been using throughout the struggle : through their mass assemblies and committees of recallable delegates .
In other words , ' The workers ' councils growing up as organs of fight will at the same time be organs of reconstruction . '[ 40 ]
It is not hard to see the connections between this brief scenario and the theme of ' non- market socialism ' , for in the situation described above all the essential features of a non-market society are present , albeit in the most rudimentary , embryonic form : the property of the capitalist minority has been expropriated and is now the common possession of the workers ; the uses to which the means of production shall be put are no longer decided by the capitalist minority but are determined by democratic discussion and decision - making in which all workers have an equal chance of participation ; the fruits of production are distributed according to needs expressed by the workers , rather than according to capitalist considerations of exchange , profit and the market .
It would be the birth of a moneyless society based on common ownership and democratic control of the world 's resources , i.e. non-market socialism or communism ( both of which terms mean the same thing ) .
Council Communism and Councillism
The above sketch of the role of the workers ' councils in the communist revolution is a suitable starting - point for an assessment of this current 's strengths and weaknesses .
Although the preceding account has been couched in speculative , ' would be ' terms , this gives a misleading impression of council communism ; council communists have always rooted their ideas firmly in the real experiences and struggles of the working class , and the councils themselves have arisen repeatedly in different periods and various circumstances during highpoints of the class struggle .
Although not always conforming in every exact detail to the rough outline sketched above - the councils of the German Revolution in 1918 , for example , arose from the apparent collapse of state power following Germany 's defeat in the war , rather than from a mass strike movement - on several occasions the actions of the working class have followed the pattern described .
Even outside of the pantheon of ' highpoints ' - such as Russia 1905 and 1917 , and Germany 1918 - there have been other times when workers ' struggles have shown a tendency towards the emergence of the council form , even if they have often ultimately failed to realise their potential .
The mass strikes of July - August 1980 in Poland are a case in point .
This massive struggle was sparked off by the state 's announcement of increases in food prices .
The Polish workers responded with demands for large wage rises , and since they were well aware that the trade unions were a part of the state , they took control of their actions themselves , meeting in mass assemblies to elect mandated , recallable delegates .
Rather than fighting separately , the workers extended and centralised their fight .
In several regions inter-factory strike committees ( MKS ) were formed , constituted by delegates from scores of different workplaces .
As well as negotiating with the state , the MKS also set up groups of workers to defend occupied shipyards and factories , and organised the supply of food , power , and other essential services to a limited extent ; in other words , they took on some political and social functions beyond the scope of their ' economic ' origins .
Council communism therefore has the definite merit of being based on something which actually exists and which cannot be eradicated , short of revolution : the continuing struggle within capitalism between the capitalist and working classes .
It does not regard revolution as something which occurs on a totally different plane from , quite unconnected to , the everyday struggle of the workers .
It sees communism as a potential lying within the everyday struggle , which will emerge from this very struggle .
For the council communists , therefore , the ' communist movement ' is not just the few organised groups of workers who are already class conscious ; the ' communist movement ' is also the ' movement towards communism ' , the real underlying tendency of workers ' struggles within capitalism , which is indeed what gives rise to organised groups of revolutionaries in the first place .
According to council communist theory , the workers ' councils are revolutionary organisations .
They are not permanent mass organisations of the working class .
They emerge at times of intense political , social or economic crisis when workers find themselves compelled to take matters into their own hands .
Their sole purpose is to negate the authority of one class and install the power of another over every aspect of society .
If they do not succeed in this task , the councils usually disappear with the defeat of the movement which produces them ; in other words , when their source and lifeblood , the initiative , vitality and creativity of the working class , is drained away .
Any attempt to maintain a permanent existence outside revolutionary periods changes the councils ' nature : either they take on non-revolutionary functions ( for example , negotiating with the ruling class ' on behalf of ' the workers ) or else they turn into small propagandist groups defending a political programme .
The potential for the emergence of workers ' councils would thus seem to be tied closely to a contingent circumstance : the breakdown of the existing political , social or economic ' order ' .
In 1920 Pannekoek wrote that ' Economic collapse is the most powerful spur to revolution . '[ 41 ]
At that time , very few revolutionaries did not sincerely believe ( for obvious reasons ) that capitalism was going through its death throes and would shortly collapse virtually of its own accord .
Pannekoek himself did not hold this view , but the relative importance which he attached to conditions of economic breakdown would seem to be accurate .
In the concept of revolution as a process , it is the workers ' pursuit of their demands which almost inexorably leads them to take measures which are revolutionary .
This may be credible during periods of capitalist crisis when it appears as if the working class can only satisfy its most basic demands by completely reorganising society .
The Polish workers ' struggle , for example , originated from the working class 's protests about its inability to obtain one of its most basic material needs – food – but this original issue was soon outstripped as the struggle began to challenge wider and wider aspects of the existing society .
However , such deep crises are not a permanent feature of capitalism .
There are also periods of boom and relative prosperity for sections of the working class .
During such periods there would not appear to be the same potential for the logic of events to lead in a revolutionary direction , for the capitalist system has a greater capacity to satisfy the material demands which workers place upon it .
At such times , the conditions which would give rise to a revolutionary struggle and workers ' councils would appear to be practically non-existent .
This leads on to the issue of how advocates of the workers ' councils should organise themselves during periods when the emergence of workers ' councils and revolution do not appear to be immediate prospects .
This issue has been a subject of endless debate amongst groups of revolutionaries standing within the council communist tradition .
Of the ' theorists ' of council communism mentioned so far , Otto Rühle and Herman Gorter held diametrically opposed views on the role of the council communist ' party ' , while Pannekoek occupied an intermediate position .
Rühle 's views on political parties seem to have been shaped decisively by the experience of the mass parliamentary parties of the Second International .
His break with the SPD , which he had once represented in the Reichstag , led to an indiscriminate rejection of all political parties .
In Rühle 's view , all political parties were , by definition , ' bourgeois ' .
In 1924 he wrote that , ' The concept of a party with a revolutionary character in the proletarian sense is nonsense . '[ 42 ]
At the end of 1920 , Rühle 's sympathisers dissolved the sections of the KAPD to which they belonged into the local factory organisations ( part the AAUD ) .
Rühle opposed the separation of economic and political organisation , and favoured a single , ' unitary ' revolutionary workplace organisation .
To this end he was influential in the formation of a breakaway from the AAUD , called the General Workers ' Union of Germany - Unitary Organisation ( AAUD-E ) in 1921 .
The tendency represented by Rühle was opposed vigorously by Gorter , who wrote that ' the factory organisation is not sufficient for the great majority of the proletariat to become conscious , for it to achieve freedom and victory ' . [ 43 ]
The class situation of workers in individual factories might prevent them from having a sufficiently broad over - view of the entire political situation .
It was therefore vital for the most advanced and lucid revolutionary workers to form themselves into a separate communist political party , to act as ' the one clear and unflinching compass towards communism ' and to ' show the masses the way in all situations , not only in words , but also in deeds ' . [ 44 ]
This party would not seek to seize power itself ; Gorter believed strongly in the workers ' capacity for self - emancipation , and , indeed , for the reasons he stated in his ' Open Letter ' to Lenin , argued that there could be no revolution in Western Europe otherwise .
As more and more workers took up communist ideas , the working class , the factory organisations and the party would merge into one entity , united on the same level of class consciousness , and capable of restructuring society .
Pannekoek seems to have vacillated between these two positions without ever settling on one or the other .
This is perhaps not surprising given the great length of his period of involvement in revolutionary politics , and the changing objective circumstances in which he put forward his ideas .
In 1920 Pannekoek supported a conception of the role of the party similar to Gorter's :
" The function of a revolutionary party lies in propagating clear understanding in advance , so that throughout the masses there will be elements who know what must be done and who are capable of judging the situations for themselves .
And in the course of the revolution the party has to raise the programme , slogans and directives which the spontaneously acting masses recognise as correct because they find that they express their own aims in their most adequate form and hence achieve greater clarity of purpose ; it is thus that the party comes to lead the struggle . " [ 45 ]
In the 1930s , however , Pannekoek swung in the opposite direction , echoing Rühle 's equation of all political parties with parties like the SPD : ' The very expression " revolutionary party " is a contradiction in terms . '[ 46 ]
At this stage Pannekoek defined parties as organisations which sought power for themselves ; they were therefore incompatible with working - class self - emancipation .
Revolutionaries with similar ideas might come together to discuss and propagandise , and to ' enlighten ' the workers through open debate with other groups , but these could not be called ' parties ' in the ' old ' sense of power - seeking organisations . [ 47 ]
Later still , in 1947 , Pannekoek seemed to return to his original position , assigning the same functions to organised groups as he did in the 1930s , but upgrading their importance in relation to the actions of the working class as a whole :
" The workers ' councils are the organs for practical action and fight of the working class ; to the parties falls the task of the building up of its spiritual power .
Their work forms an indispensable part in the self - liberation of the working class . " [ 48 ]
Council communists have therefore put forward a number of different views on the party issue , ranging from Rühle 's rejection of all parties as inherently ' bourgeois ' to Gorter 's emphasis on the party 's vital role as ' the brain of the proletariat , its eye , its steersman ' . [ 49 ]
In general , however , the council communists ' chief focus on the workers ' own councils has assigned the political party to a less central role .
The councils are neither created nor controlled by any party .
They are the spontaneous and independent creation of the working class in which all workers participate on equal terms .
If this emphasis on working - class autonomy and spontaneity is taken to an absurd extreme , however , it can lead to two dangers : first , the denial of all necessity or reason for any political organisation distinct from the majority of the working class , and , second , the fetishisation of any organisational form created spontaneously and autonomously by the working class .
In combination , these dangers amount to what has become known as ' councillism ' , i.e. an empty , formalistic emphasis on workers ' councils which completely neglects the communist content of the council communist equation .
It is certainly safe to say that capitalism could not be overthrown , nor could a communist society be brought into being , without the self - organised activity of the vast majority of the working class .
But this in itself is not a sufficient condition for the establishment of communism .
If the class struggle escalated to a situation in which workers began to take the organisation of society into their own hands , it would seem reasonable to imagine that this would also be accompanied by a corresponding awareness , at the level of political consciousness , of the momentous implications of their actions .
But while this may seem likely , there is sufficient evidence to suggest that it is far from inevitable .
Although there is rarely any absolute separation between form and content in the struggles of the working class , neither are there any cast - iron guarantees of the unity of form and content .
It is conceivable that workers could spontaneously take over the means of production at a time of political , social or economic crisis , only to establish a form of self - managed capitalism .
( ' Councillists ' , in fact , see nothing wrong in this and have applauded the occasions when this actually appears to have happened . )
The essential additional condition which must accompany widespread working - class self - organisation is , therefore , widespread communist consciousness .
It is from this fact that the vital need arises for council communists to form political organisations of the type described by Gorter and the early Pannekoek , agitating and propagandising on the basis of a commitment to the goal of a non-market socialist society as the only working - class alternative to the existing worldwide capitalist system .
Council communist intervention in the struggles of the working class - participating in , supporting and publicising them , and endeavouring to deepen and extend them - should be informed by the perspective of a commitment to nothing less than the final goal of communism .
This means , if needs be , defending the final goal even in opposition to the immediate actions and concerns of the working class , as the KAPD clearly understood :
" in the course of the revolution the masses make inevitable vacillations .
The communist , party , as the organisation of the most conscious elements , must itself strive not to succumb to these vacillations , but to put them right .
Through the clarity and the principled nature of their slogans , the unity of words and deeds , their entry into the struggle , the correctness of their predictions , they must help the proletariat to quickly and completely overcome each vacillation .
Through its entire activity the communist party must develop the class consciousness of the proletariat , even at the cost of being momentarily in opposition to the masses .
Only thus will the party , in the course of the revolutionary struggle , win the trust of the masses , and accomplish a revolutionary education of the widest numbers . " [ 50 ]
It was argued earlier that there is a dialectical relationship between organisation and class consciousness : that new forms of organisation do not arise as a result of shrewd forward planning , but once such new forms have arisen , their example can be spread and exert a conscious influence on the actions of workers in the struggles that take place afterwards .
It is as a part of this dialectical process , as a link between the real struggles of the working class and its understanding of all the implications of these struggles , that organised groups of revolutionaries standing in the council communist tradition have their most positive and vital role to play .
Footnotes :
[ 1 ] Anton Pannekoek , Workers ' Councils ( 1941 - 2 ) ( Cambridge , Mass. : Root and Branch , 1970 ) p. 83 .
[ 2 ] See Rosa Luxemburg , The Mass Strike , the Political Party and the Trade Unions ( 1906 ) ( London : Merlin , no date )
[ 3 ] Pannekoek , Workers ' Councils , p. 83 .
[ 4 ]
Herman Gorter , The World Revolution ( 1918 ) ( Glasgow ; Socialist Information and Research Bureau ( Scotland ) , 1920 ) p. 61 .
[ 5 ] V. I. Lenin. Collected Works , vol .
XXXI ( Moscow : Progress , 1996 ) pp. 17ff .
[ 6 ]
Gorter .
The World Revolution , p. 51 .
[ 7 ]
Herman Gorter , ' Open Letter to Comrade Lenin ' , Workers ' Dreadnought , 11 June 1921 .
The ' Open letter ' ( more commonly known nowadays as ' Reply to Lenin ' ) was published in the Workers ' Dreadnought , the newspaper of the left communists in Britain who were grouped around Sylvia Pankhurst , between 12 March and 11 June 1921 .
[ 8 ] Ibid. , 4 June 1921 .
[ 9 ]
The ' Manifesto of the Fourth Communist International ' was published in the Workers ' Dreadnought between 8 October and 10 December 1921 .
[ 10 ] Anton Pannekoek , ' Sovjet - Rusland en het West - Europeesche Kommunisme ' , in De Nieuwe Tijd ( 1921 ) , translated in S. Bricianer , Pannekoek and the Workers ' Councils ( Saint Louis : Telos , 1978 ) p. 229 .
[ 11 ] Herman Goner , The Communist Workers ' International ( 1923 ) ( London ; 1977 ) p. 4 .
[ 12 ]
Otto Rühle , From the Bourgeois to the Proletarian Revolution ( 1924 ) ( Glasgow / London : Revolutionary Perspectives / Socialist Reproduction , 1974 ) p. 8 .
[ 13 ] Pannekoek , Workers ' Councils , p. 86 .
[ 14 ]
For a more detailed account of the German council communists during the 1920s and 1930s , and of the groups they influenced in other countries , see Denis Authier and Jean Barrot , La Gauche communiste en Allemagne ( 19I8 - I921 ) ( Paris : Payot , 1976 ) , especially pp. 189-216 and 221-30 .
[ 15 ]
See Bricianer , 1978 , pp. 73-117 .
[ 16 ] Pannekoek , Workers ' Councils , p. 104 .
[ 17 ]
Anton Pannekoek , World Revolution and Communist Tactics ( 1920 ) , in D. A. Smart , Pannekoek and Gorter 's Marxism ( London : Pluto , 1978 ) pp. 110-11 ( emphasis in the original ) .
[ 18 ] Anton Pannekoek , Tactical Differences Within the Workers ' Movement , in Bricianer , 1978 , p. 105 .
[ 19 ] Anton Pannekoek , ' Gewerkschaftsdisziplin ' , Bremer Burger - Zeitung ( 18 October 1913 ) , translated in Bricianer , 1978 , p. 132 .
[ 20 ] Pannekoek , ' General Remarks on the Question of Organisation ' , in Living Marxism , IV : 5 ( November 1938 ) , reproduced in Bricianer , 1978 , p. 273 .
[ 21 ] Pannekoek , Workers ' Councils , p. 54 .
[ 22 ] Ibid. , p. 108 .
[ 23 ] Ibid. , p. 91 .
[ 24 ]
Pannekoek , Tactical Differences Within the Worker ' Movement , in Bricianer , 1978 , p. 87 .
[ 25 ]
Anton Pannekoek , Lenin As Philosophy ( 1938 ) ( London : Merlin , 1975 ) p. 103 .
[ 26 ] Pannekoek , Workers ' Councils , p. 98 .
[ 27 ] Luxemburg , The Mass Strike , p. 32 .
[ 28 ]
Anton Pannekoek , ' Prinzip und Taktik ' , Proletarier , 7 - 8 ( 1927 ) , translated in Bricianer , 1978 , pp. 241-2 .
[ 29 ] Pannekoek , Workers ' Councils , p. 35 .
[ 30 ] Pannekoek , ' Marxist Theory and Revolutionary Tactics ' , in Die Neue Zeit , XXXI ( 1912 ) , translated in Smart , 1978 , p. 52 .
[ 31 ] Ibid. , p. 52 .
[ 32 ] Pannekoek , Workers ' Councils , p. 91 .
[ 33 ]
Luxemburg , The Mass Strike , p. 62 .
[ 34 ]
Pannekoek , World Revolution and Communist Tactics , in Smart , 1978 , p. 116 .
[ 35 ] Pannekoek , Workers ' Councils , p. 72 .
[ 36 ] Rosa Luxemburg , ' Organisational Questions of the Proletarian Revolution ' ( originally titled ' Organisational Questions of the Russian Social Democracy ' ) , in Leninism or Marxism ( Glasgow : Anti-Parliamentary Communist Federation , 1935 ) p. 14 .
[ 37 ]
Pannekoek , World Revolution and Communist Tactics , in Smart , 1978 , p. 95 .
[ 38 ]
Pannekoek , Lenin As Philosopher , p. 17 .
[ 39 ]
Pannekoek , ' General Remarks on the Question of Organisation ' , in Bricianer .
1978 , p. 273 .
[ 40 ] Pannekoek .
Workers ' Councils , p. 54 .
[ 41 ] Pannekoek , World Revolution and Communist Tactics , in Smart , 1978 , p. 94 .
[ 42 ] Rühle , From the Bourgeois to the Proletarian Revolution , p. 26 .
[ 43 ]
Herman Gorter , The Organisation of the Proletariat 's Class Struggle ( 1921 ) , in Smart , 1978 , p. 159 .
[ 44 ] KAPD , ' Theses on the Party ' ( July 1921 ) , in Revolutionary Perspectives , 2 ( no date ) p. 72 .
[ 45 ]
Pannekoek , World Revolution and Communist Tactics , in Smart , 1978 , pp. 100- 1 .
[ 46 ]
Anton Pannekoek , ' Partei und Arbeiterklasse ' , Rätekorrespondenz , 15 ( March 1936 ) , translated in Bricianer , 1978 , p. 265 .
[ 47 ] See Pannekoek , Workers ' Councils , p. 101 .
[ 48 ]
Anton Pannekoek , ' Five Theses on the Fight of the Working Class Against Capitalism ' , in Southern Advocate for Workers ' Councils ( May 1947 ) , quoted in Bricianer , 1978 , p. 267 .
[ 49 ]
Gorter , The Organisation of the Proletariat 's Class Struggle , in Smart , 1978 , p. 163 .
[ 50 ] KAPD , ' Theses on the Party ' , in Revolutionary Perspectives , 2 , pp. 72-3 .
Gangadhar Kulkarni , an activist in the group , which is a radical wing of the Hindu nationalist movement , said : " If people celebrate the day despite our warning , then we will definitely attack them . "
Drug Enforcement Administration agents this week raided four medical marijuana shops in California , contrary to President Obama ’s campaign promises to stop the raids .
The White House said it expects those kinds of raids to end once Mr. Obama nominates someone to take charge of DEA , which is still run by Bush administration holdovers .
“ The president believes that federal resources should not be used to circumvent state laws , and as he continues to appoint senior leadership to fill out the ranks of the federal government , he expects them to review their policies with that in mind , ” White House spokesman Nick Shapiro said .
Medical use of marijuana is legal under the law in California and a dozen other states , but the federal government under President Bush , bolstered by a 2005 Supreme Court ruling , argued that federal interests trumped state law .
Dogged by marijuana advocates throughout the campaign , Mr. Obama repeatedly said he was opposed to using the federal government to raid medical marijuana shops , particularly because it was an infringement on states ’ decisions .
“ I ’m not going to be using Justice Department resources to try to circumvent state laws on this issue , ” Mr. Obama told the Mail Tribune newspaper in Oregon in March , during the Democratic primary campaign .
He told the newspaper the “ basic concept of using medical marijuana for the same purposes and with the same controls as other drugs prescribed by doctors , I think that ’s entirely appropriate . ”
Mr. Obama is still filling key law enforcement posts .
For now , DEA is run by acting Administrator Michele Leonhart , a Bush appointee .
Special Agent Sarah Pullen of the DEA ’s Los Angeles office said agents raided four marijuana dispensaries about noon Tuesday .
Two were in Venice and one each was in Marina Del Rey and Playa Del Ray — all in the Los Angeles area .
A man who answered the phone at Marina Caregivers in Marina Del Rey said his shop was the target of a raid but declined to elaborate , saying the shop was just trying to get back to operating .
Agent Pullen said the four raids seized $ 10,000 in cash and 224 kilograms of marijuana and marijuana - laced food , such as cookies .
No one was arrested , she said , but the raid is part of an ongoing investigation seeking to trace the marijuana back to its suppliers or source .
She said agents have conducted 30 or 40 similar raids in the past several years , many of which resulted in prosecutions .
“ It ’s clear that the DEA is showing no respect for President Obama ’s campaign promises , ” said Dan Bernath , a spokesman for the Marijuana Policy Project in Washington , which advocates for medical marijuana and for decriminalizing the drug .
California allows patients whose doctors prescribe marijuana to use the drug .
The state has set up a registry to allow patients to obtain cards allowing them to possess , grow , transport and use marijuana .
Kris Hermes of Americans for Safe Access , a medical marijuana advocacy group in California , called the raids an attempt to undermine state law and said they were apparently conducted without the knowledge of Los Angeles city or police officials .
He said the DEA has raided five medical marijuana dispensaries in the state since Mr. Obama was inaugurated and that the first took place on Jan. 22 in South Lake Tahoe .
“ President Obama needs to keep a promise he made , not just in one campaign stop , but in multiple speeches that he would not be spending Justice Department funds on these kinds of raids , ” Mr. Hermes said .
“ We do want to give him a little bit of leeway , but at the same time we ’re expecting him to stop this egregious enforcement policy that is continuing into his presidency . ”
He said he is aware that Mr. Obama has not installed his own DEA chief but that new Attorney General “ Eric Holder can still suspend these types of operations . ”
The Justice Department referred questions to the White House .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
50 - year - old Shirley Ybarra was allegedly caught on video while injecting poison into jars of baby food and juice containers in a supermarket in the Tamarac , Florida area , which is near Fort Lauderdale .
Broward County Sheriff 's detectives said Ybarra was spotted by a shopper allegedly mixing a black liquid that smelled like ammonia into the jars in a Publix Supermarket .
The shopper notified store employees who detained Ybarra until authorities arrived and arrested her .
Store video shows Ybarra wearing rubber gloves standing with a shopping cart in the baby food aisle for about 15 minutes while she allegedly mixed her noxious concoctions while other shoppers and employees are walking by .
Shoppers complained that Ybarra ’s black mixture smelled of an acrid odor
When Publix employees asked Ybarra what she was doing , she replied that she was mixing the baby food for her son .
Ybarra ’s only son is 21 years old and lives outside the Fort Lauderdale area .
Ybarra had allegedly brought the substance she was mixing into the store inside a body splash container from Victoria ’ Secret .
The following video is an ABC News report of the incident :
After the store discovered Ybarra ’s actions , all of the store ’s baby food was removed from the supermarket 's shelves , while the tainted jars and bottles were sent to be tested at the Food and Drug Administration .
Authorities contacted other stores in the area but now do not believe that Ybarra contaminated any products in any other stores .
Authorities also stated that the public is not at risk .
Ybarra had been on probation for a stabbing in 2006 .
She was initially hospitalized for a mental evaluation and subsequently arrested for poisoning and for probation violation .
She is currently being held in a South Florida jail .
Initial reports said that Ybarra did not place any of the contaminated products back on the store shelves , but ABC News has reported that she allegedly had done so
NORTHBROOK , Ill. , Feb. 21 ( UPI ) -- Max Fabian , 99 , says he still drives 90 miles per day , including the commute to his job at a Chicago - area wire company , because he just needs to keep busy .
A plant watchman and " jack - of - all - trades " at A - Z Industries Inc. of Northbrook , Ill. , Fabian commutes to the job in his Buick LeSabre every day from his home in Niles , Ill. , despite getting ready to celebrate his 100th birthday next month , the Chicago Tribune reported Saturday .
Advertisement
Fabian estimated he covers 90 miles a day between going back and forth to work and running errands , the newspaper reported .
A bachelor , Fabian says he " just needs to keep busy " at his age and is mainly motivated because of his loyalty to A - Z Industries ' owners , the Anixter family .
" Loyalty is No. 1 " in what makes for a successful worker , Fabian said , adding , " I think I 'm married to the Anixter family . "
The Illinois secretary of state 's office told the Tribune that only 52 people in the state age 100 or older still have a valid driver 's license .
( CNN ) --
An Indiana financial manager who apparently tried to fake his death by crashing his airplane left on a motorcycle he had stashed in his parachute landing zone , authorities said Tuesday .
Marcus Schrenker exited his small plane before it crashed , and investigators are looking for him , police say .
Marcus Schrenker fled Harpersville , Alabama , on a red motorcycle he kept at a storage unit leased under an assumed name , officials said .
Schrenker told the leasing agent at the storage facility that he would be back for the motorcycle Monday , the U.S. Marshals Office said .
The motorcycle -- a 2008 Yamaha street bike with saddlebags -- was brought to the storage unit by someone in a brown pickup and trailer , the Marshals Office said .
When authorities searched the unit late Monday night , the motorcycle was gone , and some damp clothes had been left on the floor , the Marshals Office said .
Watch Schrenker perform airborne stunts »
" It 's gone .
He 's gone , " Harpersville Police Chief David Latimer told the Pensacola , Florida , News Journal .
Authorities in several states were looking for Schrenker , who was last reported seen Sunday night at a hotel in Harpersville , Alabama , southeast of Birmingham , after he told police in a nearby town that he had been in a canoeing accident .
Schrenker allowed his plane to crash into a Florida swamp near a high - end neighborhood , authorities said .
" When I heard there was a plane crash , my first reaction was , this had to be staged , " Tom Britt , a friend in Indiana , told CNN affiliate WRTV in Indianapolis .
" [ My ] initial reaction was , ' I bet he was n't in it . '
That turned out to be correct .
My second reaction was , he 's trying to escape the pressure that was compounding on him . "
Britt said he received an e-mail Monday from someone who identified himself as Schrenker .
The message said it was all a misunderstanding .
Britt described the e-mail he received at 7:18 p.m. Monday as long and personal .
" He had been reading CNN and AtGeist.com [ Britt 's Web site ] and was disturbed , " Britt said .
" He wanted to set the record straight . "
Britt said Schrenker said in the e-mail that he had done nothing wrong and detailed the moments before he bailed from the plane .
" He said he panicked .
He blacked out .
He was disoriented when he landed .
He was trying to explain to me his side of the story , " Britt said .
Latimer said the FBI and U.S. marshals were searching for Schrenker .
" They 've been hunting him pretty intensely , is all I know , " Latimer said in the Pensacola newspaper .
" We are going to continue to look for him within our jurisdiction .
I understand the federal authorities are widening their search . "
On Monday , a judge in Indiana froze Schrenker 's assets after investigators looking into his businesses dealings for possible securities violations requested the temporary restraining order , said Jim Gavin , spokesman for the Indiana secretary of state .
The order in Hamilton County Superior Court , which also applies to Schrenker 's wife and his three companies , is aimed at protecting investors , Gavin said .
Heritage Wealth Management , Heritage Insurance Services and Icon Wealth Management are " the subjects of an active investigation by the Indiana Securities Division , " Gavin said .
Public documents list Schrenker as president of Heritage Wealth Management in Fishers , Indiana .
Court papers contain allegations that Schrenker defrauded several investors .
A search warrant related to the inquiry was served December 31 , Gavin said .
According to The Herald Bulletin in Anderson , Indiana , Schrenker 's wife , Michelle , filed for divorce in Hamilton Superior Court on December 30 .
A hearing was set for February 5 .
Schrenker , 38 , took off alone Sunday night in a Piper PA - 46 from Anderson , Indiana , en route to Destin , Florida .
Map »
The craft came down near the Blackwater River , 50 to 75 yards from homes , said Santa Rosa County , Florida , sheriff 's Sgt. Scott Haines .
iReport.com :
Are you near the crash site ?
Tell us about it
" It is a neighborhood , some very nice waterfront property , " Haines said .
Military pilots from Whiting Field Naval Air Station in Milton , Florida , saw the plane crash about 9:15 p.m. Sunday .
Watch what authorities believe happened »
Shortly before 2:30 a.m. Monday , the Childersburg , Alabama , Police Department reported that Schrenker approached one of its officers " and said that he had been in a canoeing accident with some friends , " a news release said .
The officers , unaware of the plane crash , took Schrenker to a hotel in nearby Harpersville .
After hearing about the crash , they went back to the hotel , where they found that he had checked in under a fictitious name .
" When authorities entered Schrenker 's room , he was not there , " the release said .
Authorities said Schrenker had fled into a wooded area .
Hotel manager Yogi Patel , who identified Schrenker on surveillance video , said Schrenker was the only overnight guest .
He signed in as Jason Galouzis of Bolingbrook , Illinois , Patel said .
Steve Darlington , manager of Anderson Municipal Airport , said the plane was in fine condition at takeoff and that Schrenker is " an accomplished pilot " who owns " a couple of airplanes " and flies regularly , Darlington said .
All About Alabama • Indiana • U.S. Marshals Service • Destin ( Florida )
Mikhail Remizov
Obviously , gas war in its current progress is a next knock - down of the “ Putin ’s Russia ” .
As still there is no other political Russia , each of the kind of strike should be assessed differentially .
As well it should be considered weather it damages the dead - end Putin ’s model or the statehood itself ?
In the given case , the first variant prevails , although the second one is not excluded .
National interests have been affected within one delicate matter : Russia intends to become a regional Superpower within Post - Soviet area .
And this status involves the ability to resolve conflicts independently in its sphere of influence .
Today , we observe the two sides calling Europe to judge .
Russia and Ukraine stand in a row as two insulted satellites .
This interpretation of the situation will be especially vivid if the “ peacekeeping summit ” is held in Prague or Brussels .
At the same time , another reclamation has shaped in Russian policy within past years – reclamation on the role of the West energy security guarantee .
Today this role has been failed completely and irrevocably .
And we should n’t regret about it for sure .
If Europe reduces its dependence on Russia , then Russia will be able to reduce the level of its commitments to Europe .
In this respect , we are absolutely interested in European energy consumption diversification – this would allow to spend critical gas on the demands of Russian economy .
If Europe breaks the dreams of Russian gas elite and blocks energy assets exchange completely , then processing and sale of natural gas , not raw materials , will be the only way of qualitative increase of natural gas profit rate .
In general , we need to cease natural gas export to Europe gradually and move to products processing sphere .
This matter has been recently discussed within the press .
No doubt , this means that it is time to say good bye to the favorite masterpiece of Putin ’s diplomacy – gas networks geopolitics .
Exporting pipelines should be considered as a throw - back .
It ’s functioning but residually .
There is no perspective for it in future .
Current gas blockade is a perfect moment to acknowledge this fact .
But still it ’s not happening yet .
On the contrary , all hopes are connected with construction of new pipeline routes .
But creation of a new configuration of gas transit scheme , secure from Ukrainian fancies , demands the same investments as processing industry .
Energy industrialization is in its way more cost - efficient project than gas geopolitics .
As a matter of fact , the last one with its triumphal plans for northern and southern flows is heinous as we spend plenty of efforts and funds to remain in our raw material trap as before .
In this sense , it is a historic temptation .
It heats imagination , but gives no chance for action .
Translation from apn.ru
The company said it would eliminate thousands of jobs at its resorts in Florida and California , which have been hit hard by the pandemic .
By
1 of 1 2 of 1
With concern about energy costs and environmental sustainability now widespread , people are less likely to snicker when others talk about “ green living ” .
Whether the intent is to reduce their ecological footprint or to seek greater value for money , more and more people are harnessing the power of renewable energy sources at home .
Solar , water , and wind power are well - known forms of clean energy but are n’t necessarily easy to use in one ’s humble abode .
A prohibitively high installation cost is the typical reason such options are swept under the proverbial rug .
Geothermal energy , which comes from heat stored beneath Earth ’s surface , is another form of clean energy .
It can be tapped by homeowners through the use of a geothermal heat pump — a system often referred to by its trademarked name , GeoExchange .
GeoExchange systems use the ground as a source of heat for a building .
They were developed more than 50 years ago , but recent innovations have made the technology more efficient .
While these systems require an initial investment of thousands of dollars , they can lead to significantly lower monthly energy bills compared with conventional electric or natural - gas heating .
In the past , GeoExchange has mainly been applied to office blocks , apartment buildings , and district heating systems , where the initial expense can be absorbed by large organizations .
But these days , single - family homes are starting to reap the rewards .
According to a survey by the Canadian GeoExchange Coalition , more than 3,000 geothermal heat pumps were installed across the country in 2006 and industry revenues grew by about 40 percent in both 2005 and 2006 .
The survey identified British Columbia as one of Canada ’s most active markets for GeoExchange systems .
Guy Dauncey , president of the B.C. Sustainable Energy Association , calls GeoExchange “ a really efficient way of taking existing energy from a renewable world and using it to heat a building ” .
Switching to renewable energy sources is key , he told the Georgia Straight in a phone interview , because “ all energy coming from fossil fuels is part of a 200 - year blip in time , which , when it ’s ended , has ended forever . ”
Here ’s how GeoExchange works : a few feet below Earth ’s surface , the ground holds a constant year - round temperature of 10 ° C to 20 ° C .
It ’s this stability of temperature underground , regardless of the weather , that GeoExchange exploits .
Specifically , a pipe is buried underground ; it contains a fluid that absorbs heat from the earth as it travels the length of the pipe .
The fluid passes through a heat exchanger that extracts the heat , using a small amount of electricity .
The heat is distributed throughout the home via forced - air ventilation or a radiant - heating system under the floor or behind walls or ceilings .
Some GeoExchange systems can also operate in reverse to cool a home , by transferring heat from the home to the colder ground .
By performing both the heating and the cooling , a single system can replace separate furnace and air - conditioning units .
What kind of savings could you see ?
According to John Maragliano , CEO of the Vancouver - based GeoTherm Utility Corporation , which installs residential GeoExchange systems , local residents can expect ongoing savings of between 50 and 70 percent on the heating and cooling of their home .
“ When you sit down with a homeowner and run through the numbers , it essentially sells itself , ” Maragliano said .
But there ’s still that pesky initial investment .
A price tag as low as $ 10,000 and as steep as $ 20,000 for a residential installation means the system may take 10 to 15 years to pay for itself .
“ GeoExchange systems , to a homeowner , [ are ] generally price - prohibitive , ” Maragliano said , referring , in particular , to the installation of underground pipes .
To up the incentive , GeoTherm Utility covers the cost of an installation , so the homeowner only pays monthly bills to the company .
Maragliano concedes that qualified GeoExchange installers are a rare breed , although not as much as in the past .
The historical dearth of expertise in this field is also lamented by Vladimir Mikler , a partner in the Vancouver - based Cobalt Engineering , a building - systems consultancy that specializes in sustainable design .
“ It was safer for many years for them [ contractors ] to steer the project towards installing something they ’ve done before and were familiar with , ” Mikler said .
Those considering GeoExchange should line up installers who have experience , check their references , and ask to see systems they ’ve installed .
Do n’t just go digging up the back yard with your cousin , your best friend , and a case of beer , based on a semi- successful hot - tub installation .
Mikler is a big proponent of energy - efficient design for new houses and optimization of existing structures .
According to him , homeowners should take care of such basics as fixing drafty windows , switching to double - paned glass , and insulating their house from top to bottom before looking at GeoExchange .
“ I do n’t think it ’s wise to apply any highly efficient technology before the fundamentals of reducing the demand on the building are looked at , ” he said .
Mikler also says it ’s critical to get a detailed site - specific survey of ground conditions before proceeding with a GeoExchange installation .
You just might find that the monthly savings mean you can ditch your leaky hot tub and take trips to the health spa instead .
Three weeks ago , in the Kashmiri capital of Srinagar , I met a young surgeon named Dr Iqbal Saleem .
Iqbal described to me how on 11 August this year , Indian security forces entered the hospital where he was fighting to save the lives of unarmed civilian protesters who had been shot earlier that day by the Indian army .
The operating theatre had been tear - gassed and the wards riddled with bullets , creating panic and injuring several of the nurses .
Iqbal had trained at the Apollo hospital in Delhi and said he harboured no hatred against Hindus or Indians .
But the incident had profoundly disgusted him and the unrepentant actions of the security forces , combined with the indifference of the Indian media , had convinced him that Kashmir needed its independence .
I thought back to this conversation last week , when news came in that the murderous attackers of Mumbai had brutally assaulted the city 's hospitals in addition to the more obvious Islamist targets of five - star hotels , Jewish centres and cafes frequented by Americans and Brits .
Since then , the links between the Mumbai attacks and the separatist struggle in Kashmir have become ever more explicit .
There now seems to be a growing consensus that the operation is linked to the Pakistan - based jihadi outfit , Lashkar - e - Taiba , whose leader , Hafiz Muhammad Sayeed , operates openly from his base at Muridhke outside Lahore .
This probable Pakistani origin of the Mumbai attacks , and the links to Kashmir - focused jihadi groups , means that the horrific events have to be seen in the context of the wider disaster of Western policy in the region since 9/11 .
The abject failure of the Bush administration to woo the people of Pakistan and Afghanistan away from the Islamists and , instead , managing to convince many of them of the hostility of the West towards all Muslim aspirations , has now led to a gathering catastrophe in Afghanistan where the once - hated Taliban are now again at the gates of Kabul .
Meanwhile , the blowback from that Afghan conflict in Pakistan has meant that Asif Ali Zardari 's government has now lost control of much of the North West Frontier Province , in addition to the Federally Administrated Tribal Areas , while religious and political extremism flourishes as never before .
Pakistan 's most intractable problem remains the relationship of Inter - Services Intelligence ( ISI ) over the last 25 years with myriad jihadi groups .
Once , the ISI believed that they could use jihadis for their own ends , but the Islamists have increasingly followed their own agendas , to the extent that they now feel capable of launching well - equipped and well - trained armies into Indian territory , as happened so dramatically in Mumbai .
Visiting Pakistan last week , it was clear that much of the north of the country was slipping out of government control .
While it is unlikely that Zardari 's government had any direct link to the Mumbai attacks , there is every reason to believe that its failure effectively to crack down on the country 's jihadi network , and its equivocation with figures such as Hafiz Muhammad Syed , means that atrocities of the kind we saw last week are likely to continue .
India meanwhile continues to make matters worse by its ill - treatment of the people of Kashmir , which has handed to the jihadis an entire generation of educated , angry middle - class Muslims .
One of the clean - shaven boys who attacked CST railway station - now named by the Indian media as Mohammad Ajmal Mohammad Amin Kasab , from Faridkot in the Pakistani Punjab - was wearing a Versace T - shirt .
The other boys in the operation wore jeans and Nikes and were described by eyewitnesses as chikna or well - off .
These were not poor , madrasah - educated Pakistanis from the villages , brainwashed by mullahs , but angry and well - educated , middle - class kids furious at the gross injustice they perceive being done to Muslims by Israel , the US , the UK and India in Palestine , Iraq , Afghanistan and Kashmir respectively .
If Israel 's treatment of the Palestinians is the most emotive issue for Muslims in the Middle East , then India 's treatment of the people of Kashmir plays a similar role among South - Asian Muslims .
At the Partition of India and Pakistan in 1947 , the state should logically have gone to Pakistan .
However , the pro-Indian sympathies of the state 's Hindu Maharajah , as well as the Kashmiri origins of the Indian Prime Minister , Jawaharlal Nehru , led to the state passing instead to India - on the condition that the Kashmiris retained a degree of autonomy .
Successive Indian governments , however , refused to honour their constitutional commitments to the state .
The referendum , promised by Nehru at the UN , on whether the state would remain part of India , was never held .
Following the shameless rigging of the 1987 local elections , Kashmiri leaders went underground .
Soon after , bombings and assassination began , assisted by Pakistan 's ISI which ramped up the conflict by sending over the border thousands of heavily armed jihadis .
India , meanwhile , responded with great brutality to the insurgency .
Half - a- million Indian soldiers and paramilitaries were dispatched to garrison the valley .
There were mass arrests and much violence against ordinary civilians , little of which was ever investigated , either by the government or the Indian media .
Two torture centres were set up - Papa 1 and Papa 2 - into which large numbers of local people would ' disappear ' .
In all , some 70,000 people have now lost their lives in the conflict .
India and Pakistan have fought three inconclusive wars over Kashmir , while a fourth mini-war came alarmingly close to igniting a nuclear exchange between the two countries in 1999 .
Now , after the Mumbai attacks , Kashmir looks likely to derail yet again the burgeoning peace process between India and Pakistan .
Kashmir continues to divide the establishment of Pakistan more than any other issue .
Zardari might publicly announce that he does n't want to let Kashmir get in the way of improved relations between India and Pakistan , but Lashkar - e - Taiba , which is officially banned , continues to function under the name of Jama 'at al - Dawa , and Hafiz Muhammad Sayeed continues openly to incite strikes against Indian and Western targets .
At one recent meeting , he proclaimed that ' Christians , Jews and Hindus are enemies of Islam ' and added that it was the aim of the Lashkar to ' unfurl the green flag of Islam in Washington , Tel Aviv and New Delhi ' .
Sayeed also proclaims that the former princely state of what he calls ' Hyderabad Deccan ' is also a part of Pakistan , which may explain the claim of responsibility for the attacks by a previously unknown group named the Deccan Mujahideen .
It is clear Sayeed appears to operate with a measure of patronage from the Pakistani establishment and the Zardari government recently cleared the purchase of a bulletproof Land Cruiser for him .
When Pakistan 's Foreign Minister , Shah Mehmood Qureshi , was yesterday asked on Indian TV whether Pakistan would now arrest Sayeed , he dodged the question answering : ' We have to recognise that there are elements in every society that can act on their own . '
In the months ahead , we are likely to see a security crackdown in India and huge pressure applied to Pakistan to match its pro-Indian and pro-Western rhetoric with real action against the country 's jihadi groups .
But there is unlikely to be peace in South Asia until the demands of the Kashmiris are in some measure addressed and the swamp of grievance in Srinagar somehow drained .
Until then , the Mumbai massacres may be a harbinger of more violence to come .
• William Dalrymple 's Last Mughal won the Duff Cooper Prize and the Crossword Indian Book of the Year prize .
3rd February 2009 , 04:47 pm
Thanks to my time at Microsoft Research ( 1994 -2002 ) , I was able to live for a while ( modestly ) on asset growth .
Last year I started working in earnest on two libraries , Reactive ( functional reactive programming ) and FieldTrip ( functional 3D ) , plus some supporting libraries .
I placed these libraries all under the most liberal license I know , which is BSD3 .
I ’m more enthusiastic than ever about my functional programming work and am enjoying active involvement with the Haskell community .
With the recent economic meltdown , my old means of sustainable income ended , and now I ’m looking for a replacement .
I ’m not yet in crisis , so I have time to make some thoughtful decisions and even take some risk .
Rather than abandoning Reactive , FieldTrip , and related projects ( some new ) , I ’m looking for ways to continue these projects while building potential for future income related to them .
At the same time , it ’s very important to me to keep these projects open so as to advance purely functional techniques & tools , as well as to have enjoyable creative connections , and to get feedback & help .
For these reasons , I ’m now considering licensing future releases of some my libraries for non-commercial use , with commercial uses to be arranged as separate licenses .
I know almost nothing about licensing issues , because I have n’t been interested , and I ’ve always wanted maximum freedom for all users .
So , I ’m looking for help in choosing a software license that enables & encourages a creative community , while preserving opportunity to ask for some portion of return in future for - profit uses .
If people have alternative perspectives how to achieve my goals without changing license terms , I ’m interested in hearing them as well .
I am not trying to “ make a killing ” , just a living , so that I can keep doing what I love and share it with others .
Thanks to my time at Microsoft Research ( 1994 -2002 ) , I was able to live for a while ( modestly ) on asset growth .
Last year I started working in earnest on two libraries , ...
Beverly Eckert , Sept. 11 Widow , Died in Fiery Buffalo Flight 3407 Crash Beverly Eckert became an advocate after husband was killed in the twin towers .
Feb. 13 , 2009  --
The crash of Continental Express flight 3407 Thursday night has brought tragedy to the friends and family of all 50 victims .
But for one family , grief has struck for a second time .
Relatives of Beverly Eckert , whose husband died in the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks , say she was aboard the Buffalo , N.Y. - bound flight when it crashed in Clarence Center , N.Y .
Eckert was flying to Buffalo to honor what would have been her husband Sean Rooney 's 58th birthday .
She was scheduled to present a Canisius High School student with a scholarship created in his name .
After the 9/11 attacks , Eckert became a passionate voice for all the victims of the attacks on the World Trade Center and co-founded the Voices for September 11th , an advocacy group for survivors and victims ' families .
At the White House today President Obama singled out Eckert after expressing condolences for all the victims .
" She was an inspiration to me and so many others , " Obama said .
Last week , Eckert met Obama in the White House with other relatives of the victims of Sept. 11 and the bombing of the USS Cole to discuss the new administration 's fight against terror .
" The 9/11 community is devastated , " Mary Fetchet , founding director of the Voices of September 11 , told " Good Morning America . "
" Her death is reverberating through our community . "
On the morning of the Sept. 11 airplane crash , Rooney was in the south tower of the World Trade Center .
He spent the last minutes of his life talking to Eckert on his cell phone , while trying to find a way out . .
Eckert 's sister Sue Bourque told The Buffalo News that in the midst of the tragedy , there was some consolation .
" We know she was on that plane and now she 's with him , " she said .
Rooney and Eckert both attended Canisius High School in Buffalo , where they where high school sweethearts .
Though she has not received official confirmation that Eckert was on board the plane , Bourque said she was positive that her sister was on board .
A Crusade for Safety to Honor a Memory
After 9/11 , Eckert became a vocal lobbyist who pressed Congress to " correct the failings " of that infamous day and pushed for the creation of the 9/11 Commission .
" She was such an important part of all of our work , " said Mary Fetchet , another 9/11 family activist , told The Associated Press .
In 2004 , she tearfully told ABC News it was a calling that fell to her after her husband died .
" I did n't choose this role that came to me , " she said .
" My husband was killed .
I owe my husband , I owe his memory to make something of my life after Sept. 11 . "
Flight Victim Eckert on Voices of Sept. 11
Eckert served as co-chairwoman of Voices of September 11 , an advocacy group for the relatives of the victims .
Eckert testified before Congress and , along with a small group of Sept. 11 widows , walked the halls of the Capitol repeatedly to draw attention to her cause .
During a 2004 testimony before Congress , Eckert recounted an emotional phone call from her husband in his final minutes while he was trapped in the World Trade Center buildings .
" When the smoke and flames drew near and Sean knew he was going to die , he remained calm , speaking of his love for me and for his family , " she said .
" I hope I never see the day when another widow has to walk in my shoes .
The time to act is now . "
That same year the intelligence reform law was passed .
For Eckert , it was a long - awaited victory .
" I did all of this for Sean 's memory , I did it for him , " she said then .
" There is a euphoria in knowing that we reached the top of the hill .
... I just wanted Sean to come home from work .
Maybe now , someone else 's Sean will get to come home . "
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Gaza , the largest prison in the world , is being transformed into an abattoir , writes John Berger
A FEW DAYS after our return from what was thought of , until recently , as the future state of Palestine , and which is now the world 's largest prison ( Gaza ) and the world 's largest waiting room ( Cisjordan ) , I had a dream .
I was alone , standing , stripped to the waist , in a sandstone desert .
Eventually somebody else 's hand scooped up some dusty soil from the ground and threw it at my chest .
It was a considerate rather than an aggressive act .
The soil or gravel changed , before it touched me , into torn pieces of cloth , probably cotton , which wrapped themselves around my torso .
Then these tattered rags changed again and became words , phrases .
Written not by me but by the place .
Remembering this dream , the invented word landswept came to my mind .
Repeatedly .
Landswept describes a place or places where everything , both material and immaterial , has been brushed aside , purloined , swept away , blown down , irrigated off , everything except the touchable earth .
There 's a small hill called Al Rabweh , on the western outskirts of Ramallah , at the end of Tokyo street .
Near the top of the hill the poet Mahmoud Darwish is buried .
It 's not a cemetery .
The street is named Tokyo because it leads to the city 's cultural centre , which is at the foot of the hill , and was built thanks to Japanese funding .
It was in this centre that Darwish read some of his poems for the last time - though no one then supposed it would be the last .
What does the word " last " mean in moments of desolation ?
We went to visit the grave .
There 's a headstone .
The dug earth is still bare , and mourners have left on it little sheaves of green wheat - as he suggested in one of his poems .
There are also red anemones , scraps of paper , photos .
He wanted to be buried in Galilee , where he was born and where his mother still lives , but the Israelis forbade it .
At the funeral tens of thousands of people assembled here , at Al Rabweh .
His mother , 96 years old , addressed them .
" He is the son of you all , " she said .
In exactly what arena do we speak when we speak of loved ones who have just died or been killed ?
Our words seem to us to resonate in a present moment more present than those we normally live .
Comparable with moments of making love , of facing imminent danger , of taking an irrevocable decision , of dancing a tango .
It 's not in the arena of the eternal that our words of mourning resonate , but it could be that they are in some small gallery of that arena .
On the now deserted hill I tried to recall Darwish 's voice .
He had the calm voice of a beekeeper :
A box of stone
where the living and dead move in the dry clay
like bees captive in a honeycomb in a hive
and each time the siege tightens
they go on a flower hunger strike
and ask the sea to indicate the emergency exit .
Recalling his voice , I felt the need to sit down on the touchable earth , on the green grass .
I did so .
Al Rabweh means in Arabic : " the hill with green grass on it " .
His words have returned to where they came from .
And there is nothing else .
A nothing shared by five million people .
The next hill , 500 metres away , is a refuse dump .
Crows are circling it .
Some kids are scavenging .
When I sat down in the grass by the edge of his newly dug grave , something unexpected happened .
To define it , I have to describe another event .
This was a few days ago .
My son , Yves , was driving and we were on our way to the local town of Cluses in the French Alps .
It had been snowing .
Hillsides , fields and trees were white and the whiteness of the first snow often disorientates birds , disturbing their sense of distance and direction .
Suddenly a bird struck the windscreen .
Yves , watching it in the rear mirror , saw it fall to the roadside .
He braked and reversed .
It was a small bird , a robin , stunned but still alive , eyes blinking .
I picked him up out of the snow , he was warm in my hand , very warm , birds have a higher blood temperature than we do , and we drove on .
From time to time I examined him .
Within half an hour he had died .
I lifted him up to put him on the back seat of the car .
What surprised me was his weight .
He weighed less than when I had picked him up from the snow .
I moved him from hand to hand to check this .
It was as if his energy when alive , his struggle to survive , had added to his weight .
He was now almost weightless .
After I sat on the grass on the hill of Al Rabweh something comparable happened .
Mahmoud 's death had lost its weight .
What had remained were his words .
Months have passed , each one filled with foreboding and silence .
Now disasters are flowing together into a delta that has no name , and will only be given one by geographers , who will come later , much later .
Nothing to do today but to try to walk on the bitter waters of this nameless delta .
Gaza , the largest prison in the world , is being transformed into an abattoir .
The word Strip ( from Gaza Strip ) is being drenched with blood , as happened 65 years ago to the word ghetto .
Day and night bombs , shells , phosphorous and GBU39 radioactive arms , machine gun rounds are being fired by the Israeli Defence Forces from air , sea and land against a civilian population of 1.5 million .
The estimated number of mutilated and dead increases with each news report from international journalists , all of whom are forbidden by Israel to enter the Strip .
Yet the crucial figure is that for a single Israeli casualty there are 100 Palestinian casualties .
One Israeli life is worth a hundred Palestinian lives .
The implications of this assumption are constantly reiterated by Israeli spokesmen in order to make them acceptable and normal .
The massacre will soon be followed by pestilence ; most lodgings have neither water nor electricity , the hospitals lack doctors , medicines and generators .
The massacre follows a blockade and siege .
More and more voices across the world are raised in protest .
But the governments of the rich with their world media and their proud possession of nuclear weapons , reassure Israel that a blind eye will be cast on what its defence forces are perpetrating .
" A place weeping enters our sleep , " wrote the Kurdish poet Bejan Matur , " a place weeping enters our sleep and never leaves . "
Nothing but landswept earth .
I am back , four months ago , in Ramallah , in an abandoned underground parking - lot , which has been taken over as a working - space by a small group of Palestinian visual artists , among whom there 's a sculptress named Randa Mdah .
I 'm looking at an installation conceived and made by her entitled Puppet Theatre .
It consists of a large bas - relief measuring three metres by two , which stands upright like a wall .
In front of it on the floor there are three fully sculptured figures .
The bas -relief of shoulders , faces , hands , is made on an armature of wire , of polyester , fibreglass and clay .
Its surfaces are coloured - darkish greens , browns , reds .
The depth of its relief is about the same as in one of Ghiberti's bronze doors for the Baptistry in Firenze , and the foreshortening and distorted perspectives have been treated with almost the same mastery .
( I would never have guessed that the artist is so young .
She 's 29 . )
The wall of the bas -relief is like " the hedge " that an audience in a theatre resembles when it 's seen from the stage .
On the floor of the stage in front are the life - size figures , two women and one man .
They are made of the same materials , but with more faded colours .
One is within touching distance of the audience , another is two metres away and the third twice as far away again .
They are wearing their everyday clothes , the ones they chose to put on this morning .
Their bodies are attached to cords hanging from three horizontal sticks , which in turn hang from the ceiling .
They are the puppets ; their sticks are the control bars for the absent or invisible puppeteers .
The multitude of figures on the bas -relief are all looking at what they see in front of their eyes and wringing their hands .
Their hands are like flocks of poultry .
They are powerless .
They are wringing them because they cannot intervene .
They are bas - relief , they are not three - dimensional , and so they cannot enter or intervene in the solid real world .
They represent silence .
The three solid , palpitating figures attached to the invisible puppeteers ' cords are being hurled to the ground , head first , feet in the air .
Again and again until their heads split .
Their hands , torsos , faces are convulsed in agony .
One that does n't reach its end .
You see it in their feet .
Again and again .
I could walk between the impotent spectators of the bas-relief and the sprawling victims on the ground .
But I do n't .
There is a power in this work such as I have seen in no other .
It has claimed the ground on which it is standing .
It has made the killing field between the aghast spectators and the agonising victims sacred .
It has changed the floor of a parking lot into something landswept .
This work prophesied the Gaza Strip .
Mahmoud Darwish 's grave on the hill of Al Rabweh has now , following decisions made by the Palestinian Authority , been fenced off , and a glass pyramid has been constructed over it .
It 's no longer possible to squat beside him .
His words , however , are audible to our ears and we can repeat them and go on doing so .
I have work to do on the geography of volcanoes
From desolation to ruin
from the time of Lott to Hiroshima
As if I 'd never yet lived
with a lust I 've still to know
Perhaps
Now has gone further away
and yesterday come closer
So I take Now 's hand to walk along the hem of history
and avoid cyclic time
with its chaos of mountain goats
How can my tomorrow be saved ?
By the velocity of electronic time
or by my desert caravan slowness ?
I have work til my end
as if I wo n't see tomorrow
and I have work for today who is n't here
So I listen
softly softly
To the ant beat of my heart . . .
John Berger is a novelist , essayist , painter , filmmaker , dramatist and critic .
His novel G won the Booker Prize in 1972 and was also awarded the James Tait Black Memorial Prize .
His latest book , From A to X , made the Booker longlist for 2008 .
Both quotations above are from Mahmoud Darwish 's poem Mural .
Translation by Rema Hammami and John Berger
When Matt Vaughn was pulled over for speeding on Interstate 5 in Northern California early on a Sunday morning , he had a bag of marijuana on the passenger seat .
The California Highway Patrol officer smelled the weed , searched the car , took the marijuana and pipe and gave Vaughn a sobriety test , which he passed .
An angry Vaughn showed the officer his doctor ’s recommendation to use marijuana for glaucoma .
The officer was unimpressed .
“ He said , in Glenn County , they do n’t recognize those kinds of things , ” said Vaughn , 55 , who has a long ponytail , mustache and beard .
“ He was not very friendly about it . ”
The 2005 incident cost Vaughn a speeding ticket , his 1 1/ 4 ounce of pot and his driver ’s license -- and nine months of fighting the California Department of Motor Vehicles -- before he prevailed .
Advertisement
As a result of that and other encounters involving medical marijuana , an advocacy group has sued the DMV , asking for a written policy that says medical marijuana should be treated the same as prescription drugs .
The suit contends that the DMV has a pattern of investigating and suspending the driver ’s licenses of people who use pot on the recommendation of their doctors .
“ It happens a disturbing amount , ” said Joseph D. Elford , chief counsel for Americans for Safe Access , which promotes legalizing marijuana for medicinal purposes and research .
Elford said his Oakland - based group has received complaints about the DMV from patients in several Northern and Central California counties , though Elford and others involved in the issue said they were unaware of any Southern California cases .
Advertisement
The DMV can obtain medical information about someone if an investigation is launched into the person ’s fitness to drive .
In Vaughn ’s case , the CHP officer sent the DMV a report about Vaughn , along with a medical journal article saying marijuana was not the choice drug for treating glaucoma .
In another case , Rose Johnson , 53 , the plaintiff named in the pending suit , used medical marijuana for back and neck injuries and lost her license after a DMV worker referred her for an investigation .
The worker had noted that Johnson had difficulty moving when she went in to renew her driver ’s license .
Despite her perfect driving record , the DMV cited the Merced woman ’s marijuana use last year in revoking her license , the suit said .
Advertisement
Elford said the DMV also learns of medical marijuana patients from law enforcement officers who ask drivers if they have used drugs in the 24 hours before a traffic stop .
Medical marijuana users usually answer truthfully , thinking they are protected by law , Elford said .
He added that he does not advise them to lie because defrauding a police officer is a misdemeanor in California .
State officials said in interviews that it is not their policy to take away licenses from marijuana patients .
DMV spokesman Armando Botello declined to comment on the lawsuit and said the office does not keep statistics on the number of licenses yanked as a result of medical marijuana .
But he indicated the instances were probably isolated .
Advertisement
Although medicinal weed is not automatic grounds for revoking a license , conditions that impair safe driving , including “ poor judgment , aggressive behavior , impaired decision making , slowed motor functions , impaired coordination . . . and drowsiness ” could result in license removal , he said .
During a DMV investigation , the driver ’s doctor is asked to fill out a five - page questionnaire about the patient ’s medical condition and drug use .
Jaime Coffee , a spokeswoman for the CHP , said its policy is to comply with the state medical marijuana law , a policy that Americans for Safe Access won in an earlier suit .
Officers are instructed not to confiscate marijuana from an unimpaired driver with a valid doctor ’s recommendation , Coffee said .
She speculated that Vaughn ’s marijuana might have been confiscated because he did not have his license with him .
Vaughn , who operates a medical marijuana collective out of his home , said he had left the license in another pair of pants , had not smoked in several hours and was admittedly grouchy .
Advertisement
“ I actually am very aggressive when I am not smoking , ” he said .
In fact , he was just about to pull off the freeway to smoke and rest on his long drive from Placerville to Vancouver , Wash . , to visit family , he said .
Vaughn said he did not yell at the officer , “ but I am able to push their buttons . ”
The officer called for backup , and two other CHP cars arrived .
After he was cited , Vaughn went home for more marijuana for his journey .
Vaughn does not work outside the marijuana collective .
Advertisement
“ Essentially what I make is what I smoke , which is quite a bit , ” he said .
“ Generally my wife is the regular person with jobs and insurance . ”
Not even marijuana advocates recommend driving under pot ’s influence .
California has convicted drivers of being under the influence of marijuana when they failed field sobriety tests , Elford said .
Studies on the effects of marijuana on driving have reached varying conclusions .
Some found that experienced users are likely to compensate for their deteriorated state by being especially cautious -- but are prone to getting lost -- while others showed significant debilitating effects from THC , the main mind - altering ingredient in marijuana .
Vaughn said he drives well when he smokes but conceded that cannabis affects people differently .
Advertisement
After nine months of appealing the suspension of his license , Vaughn contacted Elford , who filed suit .
Before trial , the DMV agreed to return his license and his marijuana and pipe .
Vaughn said his DMV record had incorrectly shown a conviction for driving under the influence .
“ How it got there was never discerned , ” he said .
--
maura.dolan@latimes.com
Advertisement
--
Times researcher Robin Mayper contributed to this report .
Changing how we live and eat , one fig at a time
Asiya Wadud , gathers bags of fruit from trees on the side yard of a home in the Rockridge area of Berkeley , Calif. , on Friday Jan. 30 , 2008 , after checking with the owners of the home , of course .
Asiya Wadud , gathers bags of fruit from trees on the side yard of a home in the Rockridge area of Berkeley , Calif. , on Friday Jan. 30 , 2008 , after checking with the owners of the home , of course .
Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Changing how we live and eat , one fig at a time 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
At 2 o'clock in the morning , most people in this college town are holed up studying , headed home from a bar or curled up in bed .
Asiya Wadud , however , is reaching for the weeping branches of a tree on the south side of the UC Berkeley campus , picking olives .
A handful of her friends are helping .
There is a little beer , a little wine ; it 's part merrymaking , part urban harvest .
" Do n't worry about sorting them , " she says , dropping a handful into a paper bag .
An alarming fraction of the fruits are mottled and a little wormy - looking .
" We 'll do that tomorrow . "
Wadud , a bartender at Alice Waters ' Chez Panisse , has become obsessed with saving city - grown fruit from being wasted , which is why she heads out in the darkness , stripping smallish green orbs from the branches of this unassuming tree rooted in a patch of grass between the street and a concrete wall .
She 's also part of a growing movement of super - local eaters and activists interested in food not from the nearest farm , but from down the block .
When she moved to south Berkeley four years ago from Ohio , she was struck by California 's ubiquitous fruit and by the way people let it rot , as if backyard apples and figs were something unremarkable .
She gathered the courage to knock on strangers ' doors and ask whether she might try one of their ripe plums , or sample a pear .
No one refused ; in fact , she says , people seemed relieved to share , as if the prospect of wasted food were a constant weight she was helping to lift .
Forage Oakland blog
So last spring , she created Forage Oakland , a blog on which she details her foraging adventures and where people can barter their excess backyard bounty , trading apples for figs and lemons for lavender .
The response has been enthusiastic - more than 120 people have registered , and now she spends her free time bicycling through East Bay neighborhoods , harvesting at one home and delivering to another .
Wadud does n't pick anything without asking for permission - difficult at first for a born introvert .
But now , the moments she spends with strangers and neighbors in their backyards , trying to thread a long - handled picker through tree branches to reach the highest - hanging fruit , are tiny revolutions against the anomie that is so common in urban life .
" People can live somewhere for years and never really know who 's next door , " she says .
" But food binds us all , and it becomes this very simple way to connect . "
As food prices rise and interest in locally grown food intensifies , foraging has also become an inexpensive way to eat healthfully .
Between May and October of last year , the 27 - year - old did n't buy any fruit from the grocery store or farmers ' market .
By then , she had made a map of forageable food sources in her neighborhood in south Berkeley .
" Making dinner , I 'd check the map to find rosemary for the roast chicken , " she says .
" Or if I wanted tea , I 'd go over to Miles and Cavour ( streets ) and get lemon verbena .
It 's more exciting to eat when you have this immediate connection with your food . "
Sustainable living has always been important to Wadud and was part of the reason she packed up and moved to Berkeley after graduating from the College of Wooster in Ohio with an urban sociology degree .
For example , when her boyfriend won a trip to Rome last year , her first thought was not what to pack , but rather , " What 's going to happen to the persimmons ?
Who 's going to harvest the persimmons ?
That 's my dilemma .
It 's why I lie awake at night . "
Trading walnuts
Berkeley graduate student Georgia Seamans stumbled on Forage Oakland when she was surfing the Internet , looking for a recipe for nocino , an Italian liqueur made from walnuts .
She left a comment : " There 's a walnut tree on my block .
Hopefully the squirrels will let me share in this year 's bounty . "
Wadud wrote back offering walnuts , and in return Seamans gave her garden herbs .
" We 've been trading ever since .
Our last trade , I gave her some end - of - season tomatoes and I got some hachiya persimmons . "
Those persimmons may have come from Boston transplant Diana Sherman , whose backyard tree hangs heavy with hachiyas .
Their goopiness and delicate taste make them hard to give away in large quantities , she says .
Last year , most of them ended up in the compost bin .
" It was our first year here , " she says of the home in Oakland 's Westlake district that she shares with her husband .
" The persimmons ripened just as we moved in , and we were totally drowning in them .
We really did n't know what to do with them . "
Not money - making gig
Chez Panisse regularly buys foraged foods for its gourmet menus , but for Wadud , capitalism and Forage Oakland have nothing to do with one another .
Foraging , as she practices it , requires creativity , a certain do - it - yourselfness , and a willingness to share .
Trading cash for goods requires none of those .
It 's a way to say a little something about the world as she imagines it could be , instead of the world as it is .
" She 's not making any money , and she 's probably never going to make any money for this , " says San Franciscan Iso Rabins , who is in the midst of launching a foraged - foods business using a community - supported agriculture model , in which customers would pay a set amount to receive a weekly box of locally foraged foods .
" She spends her whole day riding her bike around , picking fruit and giving it away to other people .
It 's totally noble . "
There are similar projects , like Oakland 's People United for a Better Life in Oakland , or PUEBLO , which hires urban teenagers to pick produce and deliver it to senior citizens who have limited access to fresh fruit .
Other Bay Area groups like North Berkeley Harvest and San Jose 's Village Harvest Project connect homeowners with too much fruit with volunteer parties who are willing to pick and take the gleanings to local food banks .
Portland , Ore. , Philadelphia , Chicago and Boston are among the other cities with similar programs .
" There 's a whole revolution , " says Matias Viegener , one of three Los Angeles artists who started a public fruit mapping project in 2004 .
When , calling themselves Fallen Fruit , they started posting fruit tree maps online and leading foraging tours through their Silver Lake neighborhood , they seemed unusual .
" But in the last year , " Viegener says , " it 's kind of boomed .
We often get to trees we know and they 've been picked bare . "
New vision for city
Each of these projects , including Forage Oakland , issues a challenge to reconsider the city as a plentiful and generous place .
" This is not idealistic , " Wadud writes .
" Rather it is necessary , pragmatic and creative - especially in times when much of the world is suffering from lack of access to healthful and satisfying fresh food . "
On a daytime foraging mission in Oakland 's Temescal district , she wheels her bicycle past a narrow home to a giant , hidden backyard , where pears and apples litter the ground .
The air is heavy with the sweet stink of rot , but there are plenty of perfectly good specimens still hanging in the trees , and in another corner of the yard , oranges are just beginning to ripen .
She gathers pears and apples into two bags - one to leave for the trees ' owner , in thanks for allowing her to pick , and one for Forage Oakland , to be exchanged for something else .
" It 's overwhelming , " she says .
" There is just so much fruit . "
Picking manners
Foraging ethics are a matter of some debate .
Asiya Wadud always asks permission before picking a neighbor 's fruit .
Others abide by the concept of " usufruct , " which allows one person to enjoy the benefits of another person 's property , as long as that property is n't damaged in the process .
In fruit - tree terms , that means that it 's legal to pick fruit from a branch of a tree you do n't own that is hanging over public property .
I ’ve heard some inexperienced PHP programmers say that Zend Framework is confusing to them .
Until today , I have agreed : Zend Framework has a lot of classes and some of them are quite complex ( such as Zend_Form ) .
But does that actually make it more difficult for inexperienced programmers than other frameworks ?
Other frameworks have a lot of things to learn , just like ZF .
While there are alternatives such as Cake or Symfony , which are said to be easier to work with , you would still have to learn a lot to be able to use them efficiently .
Some say the documentation for other frameworks is better , and while it is true that the ZF manual is a bit lacking in some more complex topics , I think the issue is mostly in the reader : Zend Framework ’s manual is very technical in some points , which may be confusing , and the parts that the manual does n’t cover could easily be learnt by examining the framework ’s code .
Zend Framework ’s redeeming quality is its architechture – you can pick a framework feature you want and use that , and only that .
This way you can introduce Zend Framework to junior developers step by step , class by class , without overwhelming them with everything they have to learn at once .
We ’ve been developing some PHP applications at The Group , and while I ’m the most experienced programmer there , I have the least free time to work on that project .
However , we have several less experienced PHP programmers , who I ’ve been helping to learn ZF .
They initially thought it was going to take forever , but we ’ve used some classes , such as Zend_Auth and Zend_Session , and they learned them quite easily .
They can do the coding the way they ’re used to and actually get things done , and gradually adapt classes from ZF to help them .
The eventual goal is to help them improve enough , and finally migrate their applications to Zend Framework ’s MVC architechture , or at least maintain ZF apps , as The Group is a volunteer organization and programming may be just a hobby for some .
While this would require one programmer familiar with the framework , I think it eventually has more benefits .
After the other programmers learn it , they hopefully should understand the concepts much better , and should be able to utilize the framework and study it on their own .
With some other framework , it could be that while they could initially use them better on their own , they may not completely understand what ’s going on behind the scenes .
That could , for example , limit their abilities to debug a problem in their code .
THEY ARE NOT , AND WILL NOT BE , CREDIBLE PARTNERS ….
After having asked to be considered for the cabinet , Judd Gregg withdrew from consideration .
But note how the New Hampshire Republican chose to make his announcement : Gregg released a statement just as President Obama was poised to give a speech about the stimulus package .
A Democratic Hill staffer told David Kurtz , “ The classy exit would have been to wait til tomorrow afternoon to quietly bow out .
Basically Gregg decided not just to politely decline , but rather to blow shit up and burn the bridge behind him . ”
It ’s hardly surprising , then , that White House aides believe “ it is now clear that Obama has not been rewarded for reaching across the aisle . ”
You do n’t say .
Paul Krugman noted today that congressional Republicans , instead of acting “ chastened ” after electoral and governmental failure , remain committed to “ deep voodoo , ” and arguments that have “ bordered on the deranged . ”
Given all of this , Andrew Sullivan argues that the Republican Party has “ declared war ” on the president .
Their clear and open intent is to do all they can , however they can , to sabotage the new administration ( and the economy to boot ) .
They want failure .
Even now .
Even after the last eight years .
Even in a recession as steeply dangerous as this one .
There are legitimate debates to be had ; and then there is the cynicism and surrealism of total political war .
We now should have even less doubt about what kind of people they are .
Tough stuff , to be sure .
The question , I suppose , is what the White House — and a president who ’s repeatedly committed to trying to find common ground with the failed minority party — is going to do about it .
If Sullivan is right , and the Republican Party is driven by a combination of partisan schemes and a desire to see Obama fail , how will the administration respond ?
Joe Klein argues , persuasively , that the president “ should have no illusions about the good faith of his opponents . ”
Obama should now understand that the Republicans are not reliable partners — at least , not for the moment .
Most are stuck in the contentious past , rutted in Reaganism , intent on taking a Hooverist course on the economy ( although there remains cause for optimism on foreign policy ) .
The President ’s default position , after the stimulus fight and the Gregg fiasco , should be to appoint Democrats to significant domestic policy positions — the notion of making a public show of bipartisanship , by reaching across the aisle to someone like Senator Gregg , gives the opposition too much credibility and leverage .
Which does n’t mean that Obama should n’t remain as conciliatory , and open to constructive Republican ideas , as he has been .
There are potential long - term benefits from such openness ( and short - term benefit as well , since the public clearly believes that Obama has been more reasonable than the Republicans ) .
It may seem callous somehow for the White House to assume bad faith from his opponents .
Maybe Republicans are sincere in their ridiculous arguments , perhaps they do n’t realize their policies are destructive ; maybe it only seems like they ’d put partisan considerations above the interests of the country .
Can we drop the charade now ?
The government 's ID cards scheme has proved controversial Ministers have been ordered to publish two reviews into the controversial ID cards scheme after a four - year Freedom of Information battle .
The independent " Gateway " reviews look at the progress and likely success of government projects at various stages .
Critics say the government has a poor track record in delivering big IT projects and publishing them would allow better scrutiny .
The government says confidentiality is a crucial part of the reviews ' process .
In a judgement published on Friday , the Information Tribunal - which hears appeals against FOI rulings - ordered both reports be disclosed within 28 days .
Decision making
But it said the names of contributors to the reports could be withheld .
The Tribunal said it endorsed the view that there was public interest in disclosing the reviews .
In its ruling , it said : " First , there is an undoubted debate as to the merits of the scheme , second , there are the practicalities involved and third , there is the history as to the decision - making which underlies the scheme and which continues even today . "
The Information Tribunal has concluded that neither they nor the information commissioner believe all Gateway reviews should be disclosed
Office of Government Commerce
The two reviews were carried out in 2003 and 2004 - before the publication of the draft Identity Cards Bill .
In January 2005 Mark Dziecielewski , a member of the NO2ID campaign , made an FOI request to see them , before MPs were due to debate the Identity Cards Bill .
The Office of Government Commerce was ordered to publish the documents in 2006 but the OGC appealed against the ruling , which has since been considered by the Information Tribunal and the High Court , before being sent back to the tribunal .
' Toxic '
During the hearings Sir Peter Gershon , the first chief executive of the Office for Government Commerce , argued that disclosing the reviews would undermine their core principles of confidentiality and objectivity .
He said the Gateway reviews process had saved the government about £ 1.45 bn of wasted or avoidable costs between 2003 and 2005 - and people would be put off from participating , or more inclined to offer " bland and anodyne reports " if they thought they would be published .
Speaking after the tribunal 's ruling , an OGC spokesman said : " The Information Tribunal has concluded that neither they nor the information commissioner believe all Gateway reviews should be disclosed .
" It has made clear that its decision refers only to this specific request and does not set any precedent .
We are currently assessing the detail of the Information Tribunal 's decision and will respond in full in due course . "
NO2ID national coordinator Phil Booth said the ruling meant " we are back at the same place were at last year " with the government " trying to avoid have a precedent set on the release of OGC Gateway reviews in general " .
He said he did not expect the ID card reports to contain anything that would be a major source of embarrassment to ministers but he accused the government of flouting the spirit of FOI laws of which they were once so " proud " in order to block the publication of information on major capital spending projects , which the public had a right to see .
Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne said : " The government is increasingly realising that its ID card scheme is a laminated poll tax with all the same toxic ability to make it unpopular .
" Ministers would win more plaudits if they did not drag their feet on their legal obligations . "
Both the Liberal Democrats and the Conservatives oppose the plan to introduce ID cards and say they would scrap it if they were in power .
The overall cost of the scheme over the next ten years is estimated at about £ 5.1 bn .
Since November , ID cards have been compulsory for foreign nationals living in the UK and will become mandatory for workers at Manchester and London City airport in an 18 - month pilot later this year .
The cards , which will contain details of a person 's fingerprints , name , date of birth and address , will then be offered to the rest of the population from 2011 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Well , have a gander at that .
An Obama roll .
How did they do it ?
All the information you need is right there in the Japanese text .
[ JP.msn.com via Buzzfeed ]
Camembert Clash The French Cheese Wars
It was a typical globalization - era war that pitted tradition against profits .
A large cheese factory wanted to change the Camembert recipe and began a dirty fight against small producers .
This time , though , tradition emerged victorious .
Von Ullrich Fichtner
The Mumbai shanty town featured in the film Slumdog Millionaire offers a better model than does western architecture for ways to house a booming urban population in the developing world , Prince Charles said yesterday .
Dharavi , a Mumbai slum where 600,000 residents are crammed into 520 acres , contains the attributes for environmentally and socially sustainable settlements for the world 's increasingly urban population , he said .
The district 's use of local materials , its walkable neighbourhoods , and mix of employment and housing add up to " an underlying intuitive grammar of design that is totally absent from the faceless slab blocks that are still being built around the world to ' warehouse ' the poor " .
The prince 's comments are likely to be seen as a criticism of western developers who export plans for large - scale , often high - rise buildings to developing countries .
They will also come as a boost for residents of the Mumbai slums who protested against Slumdog Millionaire for characterising them as " dogs " and fought attempts to demolish their homes to make way for skyscrapers .
The prince was addressing a conference at St James 's Palace organised by his Foundation for the Built Environment .
The charity is attempting to involve local people in the redesign of slum areas in Freetown in Sierra Leone , Kingston in Jamaica and impoverished areas of New Orleans which were hit by Hurricane Katrina .
The prince , who visited Dharavi in 2003 , said the adaptation of traditional settlements would deliver " more durable gains than those delivered through the present brutal and insensitive process of globalisation that is shaping so many aspects of how we live " .
He warned that a soaring urban population - rising from 50 % of all the world 's inhabitants today to 70 % by 2050 - could only be accommodated without disastrous social and environmental consequences by developing local urban design rather than " a single monoculture of globalisation " .
" I strongly believe that the west has much to learn from societies and places which , while sometimes poorer in material terms are infinitely richer in the ways in which they live and organise themselves as communities , " he told planners , charity workers and government officials .
" It may be the case that in a few years ' time such communities will be perceived as best equipped to face the challenges that confront us because they have a built - in resilience and genuinely durable ways of living . "
He shared a platform with Jockin Arputham , founder of the National Slum Dwellers Federation of India , who attacked attempts by foreign investors to clear large parts of Dharavi and replace them with 23 - storey apartments .
" I am a slum dweller , not a slumdog , " he said , in reference to Danny Boyle 's film .
" Many developing countries look to the west as a model but that can not be the model .
These [ western ] buildings use too much power and would not be affordable for us .
In India the population has gone beyond all control and it is wrong to expect western development to help us . "
Google.com has announced this year ’s US “ Doodle 4 Google ” .
The competition invites all K - 12 students in the US to design a Google logo inspired by the timely theme , “ What I wish for the world ” .
The winning student ’s doodle will be displayed on the Google homepage on 21 May .
The champion “ doodler ” will also receive a $ 15,000 college scholarship and a $ 25,000 technology grant for his / her school .
This year ’s competition also includes a $ 10,000 award to recognize the school district with the greatest quality participation .
After the competition concludes , the top 40 regional winners ’ doodles will be displayed in a national exhibit at the Cooper - Hewitt Design Museum n New York .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Students ’ doodles will be judged on artistic merit , creativity , representation of the theme , and other criteria .
A panel of independent judges and Google employees will select the top doodles across age groups , from which the public will help select the final four .
The grand prize winner will then be selected by Google and announced at an event hosted in New York City on 20 May 20 .
Last year ’s winner was Grace Moon , a 6th grader at Canyon Middle School in Castro Valley , CA .
Her winning doodle , “ Up in the Clouds ” was selected from over 16,000 entries submitted from across the country .
The customization of the Google logo started in 1999 , and these “ doodles ” are now designed by a team of Google doodlers , including webmaster Dennis Hwang .
The doodle team has creatively depicted worldwide events , anniversaries and holidays with doodles that incorporate the Google logo for the world to celebrate and enjoy .
Teachers can register their class online by going to www.google.com/doodle4google .
Registration closes on 17 March and all entries must be postmarked by 31 March .
The 2000 Campaign Recounting the controversial campaign .
Who Is Bob Gates ?
The secret world of Defense Secretary Gates
The Gaza War and International Law
The Israeli government has defended its attacks on ostensibly civilian targets in Gaza , such as UN schools and a TV station , because the sites allegedly were being used by Hamas fighters or were part of the Hamas infrastructure , even as the international community recoils at the carnage .
Institute for Policy Studies analyst Phyllis Bennis comments on the implications of international law for such a conflict and why the UN Security Council appears so powerless to protect even its own facilities .
( The story summary continues below . )
Bennis notes that while some UN officials have spoken out against the violations of international law , the power structure of the Security Council – particularly the influence of the United States – has prevented any definitive action .
TheRealNews.com is an independent news network that produces stories of global interest .
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
Back to Home Page
( CNN ) -- A Turkish passenger jet crashed as it tried to land at Amsterdam 's main airport Wednesday , killing at least nine people and injuring more than 55 , Dutch airport authorities have said .
Rescuers attend the fuselage of the Turkish Airlines Boeing 737-800 following Wednesday 's crash .
more photos »
The Turkish Airlines Boeing 737-800 , which had 127 passengers and seven crew members according to the airline , broke into three pieces on impact in a field near Schiphol Airport .
The injured included both crew and passengers , said acting mayor of Haarlemmermeer municipality Michel Bezuijen .
The flight data and voice recorders have been recovered , he said , but investigators still need to determine what , if anything , the pilots said in the moments before the crash .
A news photographer at the scene said she saw an unknown number of bodies lying under a white blanket , Maaike Voersma , a journalist with Dutch newspaper De Pers , told CNN .
A passenger on the plane who spoke to Turkish network DHA said he saw injured people trapped and squeezed between the seats when he walked off the plane .
iReport : Send your videos , stories
Flight 1951 , which originated from Istanbul , Turkey , was trying to land at Schiphol when it went down at about 10:40 a.m. local time ( 4:40 a.m. ET ) , Dutch airport officials said .
At least three crew were among the dead .
" There are still three crew members in the cabin , " said Bob Steensma of the Dutch Justice Department .
" I 'm sorry to say they are dead .
We leave them there because we have to investigate the cockpit before we take the cockpit apart . "
All the passengers , however , had been removed from the plane as of about 5 p.m. , officials said .
Roads around the crash site had been blocked to traffic .
Six people were critically injured , Ineke Van Der Zande of Amsterdam Emergency Services told reporters at a briefing .
Twenty - five passengers were severely injured , she said , and 24 others were lightly injured .
The conditions of the other 31 people were not immediately known , she said .
Some 60 ambulances transported 84 people to 11 hospitals throughout the region , she said .
Witnesses said they saw the nose of the plane pitch up suddenly before the crash , according to RTL journalist Greg Crouch .
The plane was broken in three pieces .
One tear was in front of the wing , splitting the " Turkish " logo in two , and a larger tear was farther back along the fuselage .
See where the plane crashed »
Most of the injured were seated toward the back of the plane , which sustained the most damage , a passenger on the plane told Turkish station NTV .
Many of the passengers simply walked off the plane through the cracks in the fuselage , witnesses told NTV .
Medics treated passengers on the ground next to the buckled hulk of the plane , while firefighters and police examined the aircraft .
See rescuers attend the crash scene »
Emergency exits were wide open and there was no signs of fire damage to the fuselage .
Also visible was one of the aircraft 's engines , apparently separated from the shattered remains of one of the wings .
The plane landed in a farmer 's field near the airport , RTL journalist Greg Crouch told CNN .
He said the weather at the time was partly sunny with no wind or rain .
Watch iReport on crash wreckage »
Witnesses said they saw the nose of the plane pitch up suddenly before the crash , Crouch said .
A bank manager who was a passenger on the plane told NTV that there were no emergency announcements .
The crew 's last word to the cabin was an announcement to fasten seatbelts and prepare for landing , the bank manager said .
He said he felt the pilot giving more power to the engines before feeling " turbulence , " then a sudden drop .
He described the crash as similar to a sudden impact that was over in a matter of seconds .
Watch report on survivors describing " turbulence " »
The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board said it is sending a team of investigators to Amsterdam to assist in the crash investigation .
Kieran Daly , of Air Transport Intelligence said the impact had been severe but it could have been survivable because of the lack of fire .
He added that there had been vast improvements in the materials used to build airplanes , meaning they did not burn as easily .
Watch aviation expert comment on Amsterdam crash »
Daly also said that the Boeing 737-800 is a reliable aircraft that has been successful and safe in service .
" They really are pretty much state - of - the - art airliners with every imaginable technical benefit the industry has come up with over the years , " Daly told CNN .
" You would be optimistic that they would be quite survivable in an accident . "
Daly said the Turkish aviation industry has a " pretty good record " of safety , and that Turkish Airlines , the national carrier , has a " very good record . "
Turkish Airlines said it has 52 Boeing 737-800s in its fleet .
They can carry up to 165 passengers each , the airline said .
The airline 's last accident was of a small commuter jet in 2003 , he said .
It was a fatal crash that happened at a remote airfield in eastern Turkey , he said .
" Their mainline operation is safe , " Daly said .
" Their pilots are well thought of . "
The last accident at Schiphol Airport happened in December 2003 when an EasyJet flight carrying 103 passengers to London collided while with a lamppost while taxiing during icy conditions , according to Aviation Safety Network 's Web site .
The crash caused significant damage to the aircraft , but no one was killed .
The last fatal incident at the Amsterdam airport happened in April 1994 when a KLM aircraft crashed shortly after takeoff as it tried to return to Schiphol .
Three of the 24 passengers and crew members on board were killed .
Ivan Watson in Istanbul , Turkey and Barry Neild contributed to this report
All About Air Disasters • Turkish Airlines Inc. • Turkey
Introducing the gel - filled army helmet that will crush bullets as they penetrate it
On the face of it a layer of orange jelly may not sound the best way to protect a soldier 's head from high velocity bullets and shrapnel .
But the British Army 's standard - issue combat helmet is set to be upgraded with a liner made from gooey miracle gel , which responds to a sudden impact by locking instantly into a solid form - absorbing huge amounts of energy harmlessly .
A UK - based technology company was today celebrating a £ 100,000 contract from the Ministry of Defence to develop its D3O shock - absorbing gel to help save the lives of British troops fighting on the frontline in Afghanistan .
Richard Palmer , CEO of Blue Divine Ltd , with ' D3O ' shock - absorbing material which will be used to line new British Army helmets
The MoD also unveiled its long - term technology plans today and showed off a series of gadgets which could be used on the battlefield of the future .
The gadgets include a ' Future Protected Vehicle ' , or tank , and futuristic - looking battleships , helicopters and planes .
A highly magnified examination of ' D30 ' the miracle substance that hardens on impact
The advanced nano - technology of the D3O shock - absorbing gel relies on the bizarre properties shown by ' intelligent molecules ' under extreme pressure .
It is already in use in a range of sports and ski wear featuring flexible knee pads or soft hats which instantly stiffen into protective layers when a skier or snowboarder hits the ground hard .
Now the same technology is destined for use in war zones .
Scientists are pushing ahead with design and testing of infantry helmet liners , and the MoD hopes the gel could also soon be used in new types of body armour and other protective kit .
Ultimately the army 's existing bulky helmets and heavy , restrictive body armour could be slimmed down thanks to the addition of pockets and layers of jelly .
The future of flying : This MoD design called Novel Air Concept 1 shows what fighter jets of the future may look like
Slick :
This design is called Novel Air Concept 2 and shows a variety of flying machines and missiles
The Army 's existing Mark 6A combat helmet has been in service for 20 years , and consists of a tough ballistic nylon layer with padded lining inside .
Now the aim is to produce a new liner made from the miracle gel , which will absorb much of the energy of an impact from a bullet - reducing the chances of it penetrating the outer layer and softening the shock to a soldier 's skull and neck .
The gel 's inventor Richard Palmer , chief executive of D3O Lab , said : ' It 's rather like comparing RoboCop and Spider - Man .
Cutting - edge :
This design titled Future Protected Vehicle is what a tank may one day look like
' RoboCop is the past - heavily protected but bulky and cumbersome - whereas Spider - Man is more nimble , covert and flexible .
' The gel works at a molecular level .
When moved slowly the molecules will slip past each other , but in a high - energy impact they will snag and lock together , becoming solid , and in doing so they absorb energy . '
Future of sea-warfare ?
This image , titled Novel Air Concept 3 , depicts a possible future battleship with helicopters landing on it
The D3O gel was one of a range of new innovations shown off by the MOD today under its new Defence Technology Plan , awarding almost £ 2 million to hi-tech firms to develop better equipment for frontline troops .
Others include the Testudo , a small and rugged wheeled robot which can be carried by troops and then released towards enemy positions to spot enemy fighters and other threats , beaming back images .
Designers are also developing systems to help helicopter pilots land safely in the thick dust clouds thrown up by their rotor blades , and new tiny unmanned aerial drones which will operate in ' swarms ' , linked by intelligence computers .
It is hoped that the new technology will slim down the army 's existing bulky helmets and heavy , restrictive body armour
This should n’t surprise anyone , but there ’s now evidence that Windows 7 will ship in multiple editions , following trends set by Windows XP and Windows Vista .
The latest version of Windows 7 beta , build 7025 ( the public beta is build 7000 ) , shows a screen during installation that asks the user which version of the OS he or she would like to install , according to a screenshot from PC Beta .
The five versions of Windows 7 are as follows : Starter , Home Basic , Home Premium , Business and Ultimate .
Considering that the public beta is clearly labeled as Windows 7 Ultimate , there was little reason to think that Microsoft would back off on the different tiers , despite what sort of difficulties or confusions they cause for consumers .
With all the advancements in Windows 7 , especially the new taskbar , we ca n’t help but think that users of the lower - tiered versions of the OS would feel even more left out if such new UI changes were excluded .
The first photo offrom the upcoming horror film , writen by Oscar winner , “ ” is online .
In the “ Jennifer ’s Body ” , Fox plays a cheerleader who is possessed by a demon and feeds off the boys in a small Minnesota farming town .
“ Jennifer ’s Body ” is directed by ( “ Aeon Flux , ” “ Girlfight ” ) and is scheduled to hit theaters on September 18th , 2009 .
For a decade , Focus on the Family has delved into what it believes is the biblical truth about sexual behavior through its “ Love Won Out ” conferences .
Focus says the conferences started a national conversation on the origins of homosexuality and have nurtured thousands of troubled families and helped hundreds of former gays and lesbians “ escape the lifestyle . ”
But pro-gay activists and many psychology experts denounce attempts to change people ’s sexual orientation through religious mediation or other so - called reparative therapies .
They say it causes people great harm in an attempt to fix something that is n’t broken .
The conservative Christian media ministry ’s 10th - anniversary conference is Saturday at its home base in Colorado Springs .
Although the program does not track the number of people who have made the decision to become ex-gays , Focus says more than 50,000 gay people and family members have attended 52 conferences around the country in the past decade .
“ This is a struggle that can be overcome .
A number of us have overcome , ” said Melissa Fryrear , a self - identified ex-gay and director of Focus ’ Gender Issues Department .
“ God can radically change your life , whatever the issue is , ” said Fryrear , 42 .
“ We ’re ministering to Christian families .
They are devastated when a loved one is living homosexually .
They ca n’t condone what falls outside biblical truth . ”
But opponents say the conferences also cause harm .
“ These programs give us the tools and weapons to go to war against ourselves , ” said Peterson Toscano , founder of the support group Beyond Ex-Gay .
Failed attempts to change sexual orientation take a tremendous toll on people ’s psychological , emotional , spiritual , financial and physical well - being , he said .
“ I ’ve talked to more than 1,000 ex - gay survivors whose lives have been devastated — their close relationships destroyed , ” Toscano said .
“ Because of one of these conferences , my mother died feeling she had failed me . ”
University of Minnesota researchers recently published a study in the Journal of Homosexuality showing that among homosexual men , the best predictor of poor mental and sexual health , including depression , drug use and sexually transmitted diseases , is a negative attitude toward homosexuality , not being a homosexual .
Focus on the Family founder and psychologist James Dobson has said that homosexuality is a disorder , despite the contrary opinion reached by the American Psychiatric Association in 1973 .
Dobson also said there is no conclusive evidence that homosexuality is inherited , although he concedes there might be a biological predisposition .
Dobson said there are more than 800 known former gay and lesbian individuals who have found “ wholeness in their newfound heterosexuality . ”
As evidence mounts for biological underpinnings to human sexual behavior , Christian conservatives increasingly argue science does n’t matter .
“ Even if homosexuality is someday proven to be inborn , inborn does not necessarily mean normal , or divinely sanctioned , ” “ Love Won Out ” conference speaker Joe Dallas wrote .
“ Surely we ’re not going to say that obesity , violence , alcoholism and adultery are legitimate because they were inherited . ”
Christine Bakke , a 37 - year - old Denver artist , moved to Colorado 10 years ago for the state ’s ex-gay programs and spent more than four years in two of them .
She also underwent psychological counseling .
“ I threw my whole heart and soul and life into changing , ” she said .
“ There was a period of time when I actually believed I was changing .
Then there would be reminders — oh , no , still gay . ”
The whole time she suppressed her sexuality , her creativity disappeared .
She gave up transforming herself into a heterosexual , she said , after observing many gay people leading happy , healthy , vibrant lives .
“ I still had to deal with a lot of feelings of shame , brokenness and failure that I had internalized from the ex-gay programs , ” Bakke said .
She no longer considers herself a Christian .
Electa Draper : 303-954-1276 or edraper@denverpost.com
This article has been corrected in this online archive .
Originally , due to a reporting error , it cited an incorrect date for Focus on the Family ’s “ Love Won Out ” conference this weekend .
It is Saturday .
Operations in Lisp , Scheme , and other dynamically - typed languages typically dispatch on representational type information rather than intentional type information .
Several broad classes of bugs and confusions can be traced to improper attempts to recover intentional type information from representation types .
I 've chosen here to discuss some Common Lisp built - in operators that highlight the various issues .
However , the problems cited here are quite general , and occur routinely in other dynamically - typed languages as well as user programs .
Fortunately , the solutions to these problems are also conveniently available to designers , implementors , and programmers -- without throwing dynamic typing out the window .
I 've provided code to illustrate how these ideas can be translated into practice without requiring any fundamental change to the underlying technology .
Copying
“ Why is there no generic COPY function ? ” Common Lisp programmers often ask this question .
This glossary entry from dpANS Common Lisp [ CL93 ] provides some useful background information and a brief rationale for the absence of a generic COPY function :
Programmers want a generic COPY function that somehow ``does the right thing , '' but relying solely on the representation type is insufficient to resolve intentional distinctions between conses , lists , alists , and trees , so we would n't know whether to call COPY - CONS ( if there were such a thing ) , COPY - LIST , COPY - ALIST , or COPY - TREE .
Of course , we could just define that COPY - LIST is what 's used , but that could ( and probably would ) give the misleading impression that such a choice was ``uniquely determined '' or even ``morally correct , '' instead of just arbitrarily chosen .
Also , an arbitrary choice would leave users feeling funny about the presence of an operator that can copy many -- but not all -- kinds of objects .
Where does this leave us ?
Well , it does n't mean the problem cannot be solved .
It only means that additional data flow must be provided to the running program in order for it to be able to divine the programmer 's intent .
For example :
( DEFUN COPY ( OBJECT &OPTIONAL ( INTENTIONAL -TYPE ( TYPE - OF OBJECT ) ) ) ( COPY - OBJECT OBJECT INTENTIONAL -TYPE ) ) ( DEFGENERIC COPY - OBJECT ( OBJECT INTENTIONAL -TYPE ) ) ( DEFMETHOD COPY - OBJECT ( ( OBJECT CONS ) ( TYPE ( EQL ' CONS ) ) ) ( CONS ( CAR OBJECT ) ( CDR OBJECT ) ) ) ( DEFMETHOD COPY - OBJECT ( ( OBJECT LIST ) ( TYPE ( EQL ' LIST ) ) ) ( COPY - LIST OBJECT ) ) ( DEFMETHOD COPY - OBJECT ( ( OBJECT LIST ) ( TYPE ( EQL ' ALIST ) ) ) ( COPY - ALIST OBJECT ) ) ( DEFMETHOD COPY - OBJECT ( OBJECT ( TYPE ( EQL ' CONS - TREE ) ) ) ( COPY - TREE OBJECT ) )
Equality
`` If I can't have COPY , why can I have a generic ( ok , just polymorphic ) EQUAL function ? ''
Common Lisp programmers should ask this question , but rarely do .
I suppose most programmers are just happy we 've given them a tool of `reasonable engineering quality ' so they can get work done , and are not philosophically inclined to look such a proverbial gift horse in the mouth .
The design issues here are pretty much the same as they are for COPY .
If COPY can't be done properly , then neither can EQUAL .
And , in fact , that 's the case .
There is no uniquely determined equality function for complex structures -- there are only arbitrary ones .
EQUAL and EQUALP are just two of an arbitrary number of possible equality operations that could have been provided by the language .
Indeed , many of the dialects which contributed to the design of Common Lisp had functions called EQUAL which had slightly varying semantics .
No particular definition was definitively better than another .
Arbitrary choices were made to resolve the differences .
To avoid an arbitrary choice , it would be necessary to express some intentional information about how to descend the tree and how to compare the leaves .
The following code illustrates one possibility .
; ;;
The name EQUIVALENT is used here instead of EQUAL to avoid a need ; ; ; to shadow the Common Lisp built - in function EQUAL .
( DEFUN EQUIVALENT (X Y &OPTIONAL ( INTENTIONAL -TYPE ( TYPE - OF Y ) ) ) ( EQUIVALENT -OBJECTS X Y INTENTIONAL -TYPE ) ) ( DEFGENERIC EQUIVALENT -OBJECTS
(X Y INTENTIONAL - TYPE ) ) ( DEFMETHOD EQUIVALENT -OBJECTS
( ( X CONS ) ( Y CONS ) ( TYPE ( EQL ' CONS ) ) ) ( AND ( EQ ( CAR X ) ( CAR Y ) ) ( EQ ( CDR X ) ( CDR Y ) ) ) ) ( DEFMETHOD EQUIVALENT -OBJECTS
( ( X LIST ) ( Y LIST ) ( TYPE ( EQL ' LIST ) ) ) ( AND (= ( LENGTH X ) ( LENGTH Y ) ) ( EVERY #' EQL X Y ) ) ) ( DEFMETHOD EQUIVALENT -OBJECTS
( ( X LIST ) ( Y LIST ) ( TYPE ( EQL ' ALIST ) ) ) ( AND (= ( LENGTH X ) ( LENGTH Y ) ) ( EVERY #'( LAMBDA ( X Y ) ( EQUIVALENT X Y ' CONS ) ) X Y ) ) ) ( DEFMETHOD EQUIVALENT-OBJECTS
(X Y ( TYPE ( EQL ' CONS - TREE ) ) ) ( EQUAL X Y ) )
This example shows truth values under our new EQUIVALENT predicate after various kinds of copying using our new COPY function :
( LET * ( ( A ( GENSYM " A " ) ) ( B ( GENSYM " B " ) ) ( CONS ( LIST A B ) ) ( LIST ( LIST CONS CONS ) ) ( TYPES '( CONS LIST ALIST CONS - TREE ) ) ( LISTS ( CONS LIST ( MAPCAR #'( LAMBDA ( TYPE ) ( COPY LIST TYPE ) ) TYPES ) ) ) ( PAIRS ( LOOP FOR P1 ON LISTS APPEND ( LOOP FOR P2 ON ( CDR P1 ) COLLECT ( LIST ( CAR P1 ) ( CAR P2 ) ) ) ) ) ) ( LOOP FOR TYPE IN TYPES COLLECT ( CONS TYPE ( LOOP FOR ( X Y ) IN PAIRS COLLECT ( EQUIVALENT X Y TYPE ) ) ) ) ) ->
( ( CONS T NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL ) ( LIST T T NIL NIL T NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL ) ( ALIST T T T NIL T T NIL T NIL NIL ) ( CONS - TREE T T T T T T T T T T ) )
An interesting sidelight on the equality issue is that the functions provided by Common Lisp are not chosen in a completely arbitrary way .
The following implications hold :
( EQ X Y ) => ( EQL X Y ) => ( EQUAL X Y ) => ( EQUALP X Y )
Similarly , in the replacement functionality we 've proposed here :
( EQUIVALENT X Y ' CONS ) => ( EQUIVALENT X Y ' LIST ) => ( EQUIVALENT X Y ' ALIST ) => ( EQUIVALENT X Y ' CONS - TREE )
The fact that these functions have been chosen to have a sort of inclusion relationship does not imply that equality is a one - dimensional quantity , with predicates varying in no more interesting way than being more or less conservative .
For example , the following predicates are not comparable :
( DEFUN EQUIV1 ( X Y ) ( COND ( ( AND ( STRINGP X ) ( STRINGP Y ) ) ( STRING - EQUAL X Y ) ) ; Liberal ( ( AND ( NUMBERP X ) ( NUMBERP Y ) ) ( EQL X Y ) ) ; Conservative ( T ( EQL X Y ) ) ) ) ( DEFUN EQUIV2 ( X Y ) ( COND ( ( AND ( STRINGP X ) ( STRINGP Y ) ) ( STRING= X Y ) ) ; Conservative ( ( AND ( NUMBERP X ) ( NUMBERP Y ) ) ( = X Y ) ) ; Liberal ( T ( EQL X Y ) ) ) ) ( EQUIV1 " Foo " " FOO " ) -> T ( EQUIV2 " Foo " " FOO " ) -> NIL ( EQUIV1 1 1.0 ) -> NIL ( EQUIV2 1 1.0 ) -> T
While it 's useful that there is an inclusion relationship among the particular equality predicates offered by Common Lisp , the orderliness of this relationship contributes to a mistaken impression among some programmers that the equality testing done by EQUAL and EQUALP is somehow more special than many similar predicates we could have provided but did not .
This is evidenced in occasional bug reports that vendors receive , arguing that an incorrect choice has ``clearly '' been made for how objects of a given type are compared , rather than acknowledging that the choice is really quite arbitrary .
When urged to write their own equality predicate to suit their particular needs , they sometimes react as if we are putting them off , rather than realizing that any function they could write is just as valid as any one the language provides .
Were the language changed to accommodate such bug reports , different users would probably complain .
EQUAL and EQUALP are not in Common Lisp because they are uniquely dictated by science -- rather , these functions are present out of a sense of tradition and conceptual ( although in some cases not functional ) compatibility with older dialects .
Coercion
Another place where intentional type information is quite valuable is in coercion .
The Common Lisp functions STRING and COERCE blatantly illustrate the problem :
( STRING ' NIL ) -> " NIL " ( COERCE ' NIL ' STRING ) -> " "
The issue here is that COERCE coerces sequence types to other sequence types , but does not coerce symbols to strings ; STRING , by contrast , accepts only symbols , strings , and characters as arguments .
These somewhat arbitrary type restrictions on the arguments provide enough intentional type information to dictate the behavior in the NIL case .
( STRING ' FOO ) -> " FOO " ( COERCE '(# \F # \O # \O ) ' STRING ) -> " FOO " ( STRING ' NIL ) -> " NIL " ( COERCE '( ) ' STRING ) -> " "
An arbitrary design decision was made that COERCE would view NIL as an empty list , but STRING would view it as a symbol .
The problem could be solved by a single function in a general way if COERCE took arguments specifying not only the target type but the intentional type of the argument , as in the following example :
; ;;
We use the name CONVERT here to avoid name conflict with CL's COERCE .
( DEFGENERIC CONVERT ( X FROM -INTENTIONAL -TYPE TO - INTENTIONAL-TYPE ) ) ( DEFMETHOD CONVERT ( ( OBJECT SYMBOL ) ( FROM ( EQL ' SYMBOL ) ) ( TO ( EQL ' STRING ) ) ) ( STRING OBJECT ) ) ( DEFMETHOD CONVERT ( ( OBJECT LIST ) ( FROM ( EQL ' LIST ) ) ( TO ( EQL ' STRING ) ) ) ( COERCE OBJECT ' STRING ) ) ( CONVERT 'NIL ' SYMBOL ' STRING ) -> " NIL " ( CONVERT ' NIL ' LIST ' STRING ) -> " "
A related problem arose with the function INT - CHAR , which was removed between the publication of Common Lisp : The Language [ CL84 ] and dpANS Common Lisp [ CL93 ] , primarily because the mapping from integers to characters is not uniquely determined and it was felt that typical uses of INT - CHAR were suspect in portable code because the integer - to - character mapping performed by INT - CHAR is implementation - defined , and the intentional type information of the integer was not manifest .
Explicit representation of intentional types would have solved this problem as well , as illustrated here :
; ;;
For brevity , these examples do not bounds - check their argument integers .
( DEFMETHOD CONVERT ( ( I INTEGER ) ( FROM ( EQL ' ASCII - CODE ) ) ( TO ( EQL ' CHARACTER ) ) ) ( AREF * ASCII - CODE - TABLE * I ) ) ( DEFMETHOD CONVERT ( ( I INTEGER ) ( FROM ( EQL ' EBCDIC - CODE ) ) ( TO ( EQL ' CHARACTER ) ) ) ( AREF * EBCDIC-CODE - TABLE * I ) ) ( DEFMETHOD CONVERT ( ( I INTEGER ) ( FROM ( EQL ' SAIL - CODE ) ) ( TO ( EQL ' CHARACTER ) ) ) ;;
This character encoding originated long ago at the Stanford AI Lab .
( AREF * SAIL - CODE - TABLE * I ) ) ( CONVERT #x41 ' ASCII - CODE ' CHARACTER ) -> #\A ( CONVERT #xC1 ' EBCDIC-CODE ' CHARACTER ) -> #\A ( CONVERT #x08 ' ASCII - CODE ' CHARACTER ) ->
#\BS ( CONVERT #x08 ' SAIL - CODE ' CHARACTER ) -> #\l
Input and Output
An example of a programming system that does make good use of intentional type information is the Common Lisp Interface Manager [ CLIM92 ] .
CLIM has a model of both input and output which is built around the idea of intentional types .
Input and output requests can be accompanied by ``presentation types '' that contains the intentional type information necessary to accept ( i.e. , parse ) or present ( i.e. , unparse or display ) an object in a manner more refined than representational type information would permit .
This is especially important for input since there are a wide variety of possible representations into which the same string could be mapped .
( ACCEPT -FROM-STRING 'STRING " 3.2 " ) -> " 3.2 " ( ACCEPT -FROM-STRING ' NUMBER " 3.2 " ) -> 3.2 ( ACCEPT -FROM -STRING 'KEYWORD " 3.2 " ) -> :| 3.2| ( ACCEPT -FROM -STRING 'PATHNAME " 3.2 " ) -> # P" MY - HOST:3.2 "
Note that the presence of this CLIM functionality does not compromise access to pre-existing functionality involving the standard Lisp parser ( i.e. , READ ) , as in :
( READ -FROM -STRING " 3.2 " ) -> 3.2
Instead , CLIM provides such functionality through one of the many explicitly provided ``presentation type '' options , as in :
( ACCEPT -FROM-STRING 'EXPRESSION " 3.2 " ) -> 3.2
Translating between Internal and External Representations
In fact , input and output are just a specific instance of the more general issue of translating between internal and external representations of any kind .
Other instances might occur in binary file I/O , in network protocols , in foreign function interfaces , and even in some cross-module exchanges within the same address space .
Simplified , stylized , compacted , or otherwise specialized representations may be quite useful , but are really only fully powerful if the information that they convey can be inverted to produce an object of the same quality as the original .
Conclusions
In a language with strong static typing , the intentional type of the object would be evident at compile time , and the same representational type could be used for multiple intentional types .
The main problem with this approach is that it gives up dynamic typing , which Lisp users have come to expect and enjoy .
If static type information is optional , it is difficult for language designers to reliably express how operators behave in the hybrid environment that results .
To avoid the need to throw dynamic typing out the window , we have proposed that the information which in some languages would be reliably available at compile time be passed as explicit data .
Where such data is provided as a literal constant , the same compilation techniques as used by static languages would still apply .
Where such data is not available to the compiler , the information would still be reliably and explainably available at runtime .
We have seen how this technique would lead to a more intuitive feel in a number of commonly used operators , as well as a possible reduction in the overall number of operators required .
These improvements are achieved by avoiding the complicated and messy business of trying to guess the user 's intentions about data from its chosen representation , and instead asking the programmer to express this information explicitly .
`` If you have two bits of information to represent , use two bits to represent it .
Neither coincidence nor convenience justifies overloading a single bit . '' -- Pitman's Two - Bit Rule
Acknowledgments
Innumerable legions of my co-workers at Harlequin rushed to help me search out the EBCDIC character code for capital A ; I shall be forever indebted to these fine and dedicated individuals .
John Aspinall and Scott McKay provided advice about the CLIM examples .
Chris Stacy and Rebecca Spainhower read early drafts of this document and provided useful feedback .
References
Published in hardcopy in Lisp Pointers , Volume VI , Number 4 , October - December 1993 .
Hardcopy version : Copyright © 1994 , Kent M. Pitman .
All rights reserved .
[ The copyright date appears to contradict the publication date , but in fact the printed date on the magazine was much earlier than the distribution date , which was in 1994 . ]
Web version : Copyright © 1997 , Kent M. Pitman .
All rights reserved .
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A French battleship sunk in 1917 by a German submarine has been discovered in remarkable condition on the floor of the Mediterranean Sea .
The Danton , with many of its gun turrets still intact , is sitting upright in over 1,000 m of water .
It was found by the Fugro geosciences company during a survey for a gas pipeline between Algeria and Italy .
The Danton , which sank with 296 sailors still onboard , lies 35 km southwest of the island of Sardinia .
Naval historians record that the Danton 's Captain Delage stood on the bridge with his officers and made no attempt to leave the ship as it went down .
The ship dug out the sediment as it hit the seafloor
The French government is now keen to see that the site is protected .
" Its condition is extraordinary , " said Rob Hawkins , project director with Fugro GeoConsulting Limited .
Despite tumbling through the water , many guns stayed in place " After it was hit by the torpedoes , the Danton clearly turned turtle and rotated several times .
You can see where it dropped some infrastructure on the way down and then impacted on the seabed .
" You can see where it slid along the seabed before coming to a rest , " he told BBC News .
A comparison with the original plans for the battleship - in particular , the position of its 240 mm guns - confirms the wreck 's identity .
The final resting place is a few kilometres from where people have traditionally thought the ship met its end .
The wreck is just off the point where the southern pipeline meets Sardina " The French Admiralty did argue with us for a while that it should have been several nautical miles away , but we reminded them that modern GPS methods are more accurate than the sextants they used in those days , " said Mr Hawkins .
Details of the discovery were released on Thursday at a press conference at the Museum of Science and Technology in Milan .
The pipeline is being built by the Galsi ( Gasdotto Algeria Sardegna Italia ) consortium and will be the deepest underwater conduit for gas ever constructed when it becomes operational in 2012 .
Finding a safe route for it was extremely challenging , said Mr Hawkins .
About 20 % of the course lies on the abyssal plain in water depths of about 2,850 m .
There are also steep descents from the continental shelf .
The Danton was carrying over 1,000 men at the time Fugro deployed its Autonomous Underwater Vehicle to gather bathymetric ( depth ) and geophysical data .
It also used Remotely Operated Vehicles to make more detailed surveys of particular locations , such as where sediment conditions were uncertain or the route crossed known submarine telecommunications cables .
Analysis of the Danton 's debris field suggests the battleship landed at the bed from the northwest .
As a consequence , a decision was taken to offset the 66 cm - diameter pipeline by 300 m to the southeast of the wreck location , thus avoiding any obvious structural items that had fallen clear of the vessel during its descent and forward of any sediment kicked up in the bed impact .
It was one of the largest French naval vessels of its era
The ship , named after the French revolutionary Georges Danton , was less than 10 years old at the time of its loss , but already outclassed by the newer HMS Dreadnought design being introduced by the British .
The 19,000 - tonne , 150 m - long vessel was carrying over 1,000 men when it was attacked by Germany 's U - 64 submarine at 1317 on 18 March , 1917 .
Patrol boats and a destroyer managed to save most of those onboard .
The Danton was travelling between Toulon and Corfu , where it was due to meet up with other vessels in the French fleet .
Many of those making the trip were actually crewmembers for the other ships at Corfu .
Sonar imagery can be used to construct 3D models of the wreck
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
< Earlier Kibitzing · PAGE 2 OF 2 · Later Kibitzing > Jan-27-09 drnooo :
Hardly crazy .
It was the case of a 2800 player or close beating a 2500 player .
Fine said for some reason he could see the entire board clearly .
What was really crazy was his feat of taking on 4 new york masters at ten seconds a move simultaneously and beating them all , just going down the line , they make a move , he does , wham wham , and none of them winning even a game .
Jan-27-09 drnooo :
In the early to late 40s a case could be made that Fine was the best player in the world , including Reshevsky and Keres .
He could have played in the 48 championship but declined according to Evans because he did not want to have to deal with the Russians throwing games to each other in case he was winning .
For me Keres was still the best , with Fine and Reshevsky close behind .
At any rate Fine is one of the most overlooked truly great players at this site .
Jan-27-09
keypusher : < drnooo :
In the early to late 40s a case could be made that Fine was the best player in the world , including Reshevsky and Keres .
He could have played in the 48 championship but declined according to Evans because he did not want to have to deal with the Russians throwing games to each other in case he was winning .
For me Keres was still the best , with Fine and Reshevsky close behind .
At any rate Fine is one of the most overlooked truly great players at this site . >
He did n't go to the 1948 championship because he did n't want to get his @ $$ kicked .
Look up his postwar games with the Soviets .
The best player in the world in the early to late 1940s was Mikhail Botvinnik , and it was n't close .
Deal with it .
Jan-27-09
kevin86 : Epaulette mate at its finest .
Only two attacking pieces in sight cause a pretty mate .
Jan-27-09 The ChessGuy :
Also , he got his PhD in psychology from USC at this time , so he was n't just sitting around .
After World War II , he probably just got out of practice and decided not to return to top - level chess .
He had some great accomplishments before , like finishing second on tiebreak in AVRO 1938 , but I agree with keypusher here .
Botvinnik was better by the 1940's .
Jan-27-09 drnooo :
Even saying that Botvinnik was better than Keres shows a certain ignorance .
That is far from certain : Keres had to worry about losing his head .
Stalin was no joke .
But go ahead and think as you like .
Fine was hardly afraid of Botvinnik .
His record shows that .
The two players in the group that may have been better than he ( Fine ) are Reshevsky and Keres .
As for the rest he could have more than held his own with enough time to get into form .
The real key for any of the super gms is percentage .
His 65 is really good .
Anyway you go ahead and think that Botvinnik was better , Fine with me .
Far as Im concerned Botvinnik got a free ride from the Soviets .
Keres was the best of that bunch , Bronstein later , and then maybe even Korchnoi having to play under the cloud he did with Karpov .
The KGB was the real champion of world chess for a long time .
Some of these guys were playing for their very llives , and it hardly paid to win certain games in something as trivial as chess .
Jan-27-09 freeman8201 : Nice info drnooo .
I have n't studied Botvinnik games but I 'd rather study Keres , Reshevsky ( the American ? ) and Reuben Fine now .
Jan-27-09 blacksburg : < freeman8201 > regardless of your opinion about botvinnik , his games are very instructive and worth looking at .
Jan-27-09
The Destruktor : Just to add to the discussion .
Acording to Jeff Sonas 's Chessmetrics website , the best player in the late 40s was clearly Botvinnik .
Reuben
Fine was one of the top contenders , but it is very hard to name him as # 1 .
http://db.chessmetrics.com/CM2/Summ...
Jan-27-09
keypusher : < drnooo : Even saying that Botvinnik was better than Keres shows a certain ignorance .
>
No . Discussing who is the best chessplayer in the 1940s and not mentioning Botvinnik , on the other hand , is stupid .
That Botvinnik was better than Keres , Reshevsky and Fine in the 1940s rests not just on his head to head superiority over Keres and Reshevsky but on the fact that he outperformed all three of them , as shown in their ratings .
http://db.chessmetrics.com/CM2/Mont...
Botvinnik had two significant advantages over Reshevsky and Fine : he could make a decent living from chess , and living in the Soviet Union he faced far stronger opposition during the war than they did .
After the war was over , Fine participated in the team matches between the USA and USSR and discovered that he was no longer in the same class as Boleslavsky and Keres , never mind Botvinnik .
Under the circumstances it was prudent for him to decline to participate in the 1948 contest ; it would not have enhanced his reputation .
By the way , why did Reshevsky do so badly against Botvinnik in the 1940s ?
Was he afraid of the KGB too ?
Jan-27-09 moi : moi : I do n't understand ...
It was already well known that the pawn e4 is poisoned after 5 0 - 0 .
It is impossible to keep it if black tries 7 ... exd4 then : 8 Re1 d5 9 Kc3 !!
dxc3
10 Bxd5 ! and now if 10 ... Bd7 , 12 Rxe4 + followed by Qe2 ( black is pined everywhere ! ) , and if 10 ...
Bb7 : 11 Bxe4 ! Qxd1
12 Bxc6 ++ Jan-27-09
keypusher :
Even if you throw out all their head to head events ( the 1940 Absolute Championship , the 1947 Chigorin Memorial , the 1948 world championship ) and ignore certain inconvenient facts ( like Keres somehow being permitted to win the 1947 Soviet championship , or Botvinnik getting kicked off the 1952 Soviet olympic team )
Keres just was n't as good as Botvinnik in the 1940s .
Keres never had a result like Botvinnik 's +14-0=4 win against a strong field in the 1945 Soviet championship .
I think the circumstances of Keres ' participation in the 1948 championship were less than ideal , to put it mildly .
That aside , though , the idea that everyone in the USSR played with a gun to his head whenever he sat down against Botvinnik is just a fantasy .
Jan-27-09
whiteshark : clear - cut moves Jan-27-09 tivrfoa : wow .
Fine was a genius ( at least based is his biography ) .
Jan-27-09 WhiteRook48 : why not " Not so fine anymore " as the pun ?
Jan-27-09 Stream118 : If 17 ... Bf8 18.Ng5 with the idea of Nxh8 and then removing the defending bishop , oomments ?
Jan-27-09 tivrfoa : nice < WhiteRook48 > !
As I 'm a foreign , must puns I do n't understand , but this I did .
=D Jan-27-09 WhiteRook48 : what does " Take the Helms " mean ?
cause I really have no clue because I 'm a kid Jan-27-09
keypusher : < WhiteRook48 : what does " Take the Helms " mean ?
cause I really have no clue because I 'm a kid >
Back before you were born there were these things called " boats " which floated , believe it or not , on water .
These boats were steered with things called " helms " .
So to " take the helm " came to mean " take command . "
Jan-27-09
whiteshark : The Fine answered the helm .
Jan -29-09 WhiteRook48 : how dumb I was to not have known what the Helms were .
Course I knew what a boat was ...
Mar-07-09 WhiteRook48 : very Fine !
Steer the helms and get over here !
:D Jun-09 - 11 Sho :
This game is featured in the ( mammoth ) book _ Chess , 5334 Poblems , Combinations , and Games_ by Laszlo Polgar , published by Tess Press , page 857 .
( A book every bathroom should have . )
Apr-23 -17 clement41 : Black had played the opening correctly until 10 ... Nxd2 ?!
which , at least IMO , is weak because it helps white develop and removes black 's strongest piece in this line .
Rather , he had a choice between 10 .
Nc5 , f5 , Bf5 maybe or even smthg like 10 ...0 - 0 and if 11 Nxe4 de 12 Bxe6 fe 13 Ng5 perhaps 13 ... Qd5 Apr-23-17
morfishine : I assume Helms was the first " Dean of American Chess " and Koltanowski was his successor since both held the honorary title " The Dean of American Chess " at some time during their overlapping careers ***** search thread :
< Earlier Kibitzing · PAGE 2 OF 2 · Later Kibitzing >
The dolphin begins the routine by shooing a cuttlefish out of hiding and pinning it to the sand to kill it ( Image : Julian Finn et al )
Next , she nudges the invertebrate off the seafloor with her snout ( Image : Julian Finn et al )
To remove the cuttlefish ’s ink , which can slow digestion , the dolphin shakes it back and forth ( Image : Julian Finn et al ) Rubbing the inkless corpse against the sand breaks and releases its indigestible cuttlebone .
The filleted cephalopod is now ready to eat ( Image : Julian Finn et al ) Advertisement
The dolphin begins the routine by shooing a cuttlefish out of hiding ( Image : Julian Finn et al )
She proceeds to pin it to the sand to kill it ( Image : Julian Finn et al )
Next , she nudges the invertebrate off the seafloor with her snout ( Image : Julian Finn et al )
To remove the cuttlefish ’s ink , which can slow digestion , the dolphin shakes it back and forth ( Image : Julian Finn et al ) Rubbing the inkless corpse against the sand breaks and releases its indigestible cuttlebone ( Image : Julian Finn et al )
The filleted cephalopod is now ready to eat ( Image : Julian Finn et al )
Considering they can’t wield a knife or cleaver , dolphins make impressive butchers .
Researchers in Australia recently observed a bottlenose performing a precise series of manoeuvres to kill , gut and bone a cuttlefish .
The six - step procedure gets rid of the invertebrate ’s unappetising ink and hard - to - swallow cuttlebone .
See a gallery of dolphin butchery
“ The behaviour seems so obviously related to making the item more palatable , ” says Tom Tregenza , an evolutionary biologist at the University of Exeter , UK .
Colleague Julian Finn , a marine biologist at Museum Victoria in Melbourne , Australia , observed a single female dolphin performing the underwater move in 2003 and again in 2007 .
At the time , he was studying mating in cuttlefish , which breed in large swarms off the coast of South Australia .
Flushed out
The procedure begins when the dolphin shoos a cuttlefish out of an algal forest into an open patch of the seabed .
Next , she pins the cuttlefish down , ramming it into the ground .
To rid the body of ink , she uses her snout to pick up the cuttlefish , and then shakes it several times until a black cloud streams out .
The dolphin then grinds the cuttlefish along the sea floor to break and release its bone .
“ There ’s an interesting cracking noise which you can hear , ” says Tregenza , who has only seen the performance on video .
“ The cuttlefish bone pops out like a bar of soap , ” and dinner is served .
Although Finn has only caught one dolphin in the act , her preference for filleted cuttlefish seems unlikely to be unique .
“ My guess would be that if we spent more time under water with dolphins and cuttlefish , we ’d see other dolphins doing it , ” Tregenza says .
Girls ’ school
Another question raised by the observation is how dolphins learn this feat in the first place .
Researchers have shown that female dolphins teach their offspring to wield sea sponges like a shield when they are hunting fish .
One recent study showed that daughters are more eager to learn the skill than sons .
Butchery could be passed on the same way .
“ Is this the dolphin that invented this technique or did it learn from its mother or sister , ” Tregenza wonders .
Another mystery is how the first dolphin butcher acquired its skills .
Like many animals , dolphins engage in play – a behaviour that has no obvious immediate benefit .
The procedure may have originated when a dolphin began knocking around a cuttlefish , Tregenza speculates .
“ Play is a way of trying things out , and if they work , they do them again , ” he says .
Janet Mann , a behavioural ecologist at Georgetown University in Washington DC , has noticed cuttlefish bones floating in the water around her team ’s bottlenose study site north of Perth , Australia .
“ We did n’t know how they got them out , ” she says .
A similar kind of butchery is a possible , but without conclusive proof she is reluctant to jump to any conclusions .
However , she has witnessed her dolphins remove spines from flathead fish and consume metre- long Golden Trevally fish in pieces .
“ It could just be that Australian dolphins are smart , ” she says .
Journal reference : PLoS ONE , vol 4 , p e4217
The winner of Round 18 is Nancy Prouser of Lake Oswego .
Here are the five finalists for this week 's contest .
There was a great response this week , more than 400 entries , although not all of them were entirely suitable to be promoted for our public vote .
Vote for your favorite between now and noon Friday .
Thanks again for all your work and contributions to our contest .
Next cartoon will be posted Friday evening .
Welcome to The Oregonian 's caption contest .
Here 's how it works :
• The Oregonian 's award - winning editorial cartoonist Jack Ohman draws a cartoon .
• You supply the proposed captions by selecting " Post a comment " below .
( Full directions after the jump . )
• Editors pick the finalists and you vote for the best idea .
The winner receives a signed color print of the completed cartoon .
Come back each week : A new Ohman cartoon will be posted Friday afternoons .
You can add your captions until noon Wednesday .
The Oregonian editors will post the finalists by Thursday morning .
You can cast your vote until noon Friday .
Submit your caption :
Hit the " Post a comment " button below the cartoon .
Log in -- register with OregonLive.com if necessary -- and type your caption in the box .
Then hit the " Post " button .
Only online entries will be accepted and entrants must give a valid e-mail address when they register .
( E - mail addresses will not be published and will be used only to contact the winner . )
Enter as often as you like
Please keep your suggestions clean and suitable for a family newspaper .
Questions : E-mail : Thestump@news.oregonian.com
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Police arrested a man near the U.S. Capitol on Tuesday after he drove up to one of the building 's barricades with a rifle in his vehicle and told officers that he had a delivery for President Obama , a Senate spokesman said .
A man drove to the Capitol with a rifle and said he had a delivery for President Obama , police said .
Sgt. Kimberly Schneider identified the man as Alfred Brock , 64 , of Winnfield , Louisiana .
She said Brock was charged with possession of an unregistered firearm and unregistered ammunition .
Brock drove up to the north barricade at the Capitol late Tuesday afternoon , saying he had a delivery for the president , Schneider said .
After further questioning , he admitted he had a rifle in his truck .
He was arrested and taken to police headquarters for processing , she said .
A search of his truck turned up several rounds of ammunition , Schneider said .
Police also checked the area around the barricade , but found nothing hazardous .
Threats against Obama have led to arrests in previous cases .
In one , federal prosecutors concluded that three people arrested with drugs and weapons in a suburban Denver , Colorado , motel posed a " true threat " to Obama during the Democratic National Convention .
In the second , a Florida man was charged with threatening bodily harm against the then - candidate in August .
He has pleaded not guilty .
All About Barack Obama • U.S. Capitol
Delicious founder Joshua Schachter left Yahoo ( YHOO ) last June , about 2.5 years after Yahoo bought his social bookmarking service .
So what 's he doing next ?
Schachter is joining Google ( GOOG ) , according to a Twitter message sent by First Round Capital VC Josh Kopelman .
If true , Yahoo's loss is Google 's gain .
After TechCrunch reported Schachter was leaving Yahoo last June , he slammed Yahoo's management for slowing his work on Delicious .
" I was largely sidelined by the decisions of my management . "
" It was an incredibly frustrating experience ... "
We 're short on details about Joshua 's new gig , but if you know more , contact us at dfrommer@alleyinsider.com or via our anonymous tips form .
Update : Schachter confirms to TechCrunch that he 's joined Google .
" In a phone call Schachter says he has n’t been assigned to a specific project yet and declined even to state who he ’s working for at the Internet giant , but he did confirm that today was his first day on the job at Google . "
Photo : Javier Pedreira
World ’s best surf spots for beginners ( and 5 you should avoid )
IN AN INCREASINGLY BUSY world , going for a surf is a chance to get back to nature , test yourself against the ocean , have fun and get some exercise .
And these days learning to surf does n’t have to be the fearful , difficult proposition it once was .
Forgiving foam surfboards and qualified surf instructors mean standing up and riding a wave in your first session is very likely — and then you ’re hooked .
Read on for Matador ’s list of the best surf spots to start your new addiction …
Byron Bay , Australia
This one - time sleepy dairy town turned hippie - surfer - stockbroker enclave is quite possibly the best place in the country , maybe the world , to learn to surf .
There ’s a variety of waves to suit different levels , from gentle rollers off Watego Beach to the beach breaks of Tallows and The Wreck ( in small swells ) .
Byron Bay Surf School offers both lessons and accommodation .
Or stay at the Byron Bay YHA ( formerly J’s Bay ) , complete with pool .
Best time to go : March to May for warm weather and consistent swell .
Kuta , Bali
On an island famous for its grinding left - hand reef breaks , Bali still offers great options for learners .
The long sandy stretch of beach in front of the famous Kuta and Legian tourist strip can turn on fun waves for beginners in small swells — but watch the currents when it ’s bigger .
Various beach huts rent old surfboards for about 20,000 rupiah per hour .
When the wind picks up in the afternoon there ’s a bunch of options to keep you busy , from practising yoga in Ubud to partying late at Ku De Ta in Seminyak .
Best time to go : May to September for offshore winds and a party atmosphere .
Lagos , Portugal
While there are rarely waves in Lagos itself , this picturesque Algarve town is the base for many surf schools in the region , and it ’s not hard to see why .
A variety of great waves are within a 30 - minute drive , including the protected break at Arrifana — a favourite for learners at low tide .
Among the surf schools based in Lagos , Surf Experience is the longest established and one of the best .
After a day spent learning to surf , refuel at one of Lagos ’ cheap but delicious restaurants .
After 10 PM , the clubs come alive , the clientèle spurred on by cheap cocktails and refreshing bottles of Sagres beer for just € 2 .
Best time to go : Northern hemisphere spring and autumn to avoid the summer crowds and higher prices .
Surfer ’s Point , Barbados
Located on Barbados ’s more protected southern coast , Surfer ’s Point in Inch Marlowe is the perfect location to learn to surf in an idyllic , tropical setting .
Former competitive surfer and Barbadian local Zed Layson runs the popular Zed ’s Surfing Adventures .
Zed offers two - hour lessons on easy - to - ride foam surfboards , plus a range of accommodation options near the point .
Best time to go : Anytime , although the rainy season from June to October may limit your tanning time .
What better place to learn to surf than the home of surfing itself ?
Hawaii ’s ancient kings rode the surf on crude wooden boards before missionaries in the 19th century frowned on the sport for being a godless activity .
Thankfully , surfing is back bigger than ever .
The gentle rolling waves of Waikiki are perfect for beginners , offering long rides and a ( mostly ) fun , easy going atmosphere .
Canoe ’s is the most popular , and consequently most crowded , break but you ’ll be among beginners so catching waves is relatively easy .
Boards can be rented from the shacks on the beach by the hour or take a lesson from one of the many surf schools in the area .
Best time to go :
There are waves year round although the Hawaiian summer from June to August sees consistent south swells .
Taghazoute , Morocco
Thanks to its long , righthand point breaks , Morocco has been a popular winter destination for European surfers since the 1970s , with convoys of VW campervans parked beside the various breaks .
These days , you do n’t need to be a hardcore surfer to enjoy the waves , with a variety of surf schools to choose from .
In the south , Taghazoute almost has more surf camps than surf spots , so you ’re bound to find one that suits your budget .
Hash Point and the beaches around Agadir can throw up an easy wave for learners .
If it ’s flat , the chilled port town of Essaouira is just three hours north by bus and makes a great day trip .
Best time to go :
The big swells roll in from November to February , but early autumn has smaller waves and warmer weather .
Newquay , UK
For a country known for its crap weather , the British sure love their surfing .
Newquay ’s Fistral Beach is surfing ground zero in Britain , with a variety of backpacker hostels , surf cafes , and surf schools in and around the town .
Newquay ’s headlands mean there are surfable waves in most conditions , from the swell - exposed Fistral to the protected Watergate Bay just around the corner .
If you have access to a car , the crystal clear peaks at Sennen Cove an hour south are worth the drive in clean swells .
Best time to go : September to October are the most consistent months .
You ’ll need a 4/ 3 or even a thick 5 / 4 wetsuit to brave the chilly water in winter and spring .
Bundoran , Ireland
Ireland is the new surfing hot spot in Europe ; its world class , uncrowded waves now lure surfers from around the world .
Bundoran in County Donegal on Ireland ’s west coast is a great place to learn the basics , with a variety of beach breaks on offer .
If the swell is small , try Tullan Beach in town .
If it ’s too big , head 10 km north to the more mellow Rossnowlagh Beach .
The respected Bundoran Surf Co. offers lessons as well surf - and - stay packages .
And five places to avoid
It was reported today that Microsoft will be releasing 6 versions of Windows 7 , and while the majority of consumers will realistically only be choosing between two of them , it helps highlight the difference between Apple ’s approach to business , and that of other tech companies .
Contrary to what they teach in business school , Apple has succeeded by limiting consumer choice , and Apple ’s small product line - up has been a key factor in that success .
While other companies release an inordinate number of products in an attempt to satisfy every potential customer , Apple has kept its product line - up relatively streamlined in comparison .
Not only does this make things less confusing for consumers , but it also helps consumers understand what they ’re actually paying for .
Everyone knew what the iPhone had to offer almost immediately upon its release .
Now , imagine if Apple had released an iPhone , an iPhone Nano , an iPhone Mini , and an iPhone Pro. Consumers would have no idea where to even start , and they ’d actually have to study up on all the different models before they made their purchase .
Most people do n’t have the time to do that , and to be honest , most probably do n’t care to either .
When Steve Jobs returned to Apple in 1997 , he himself found Apple ’s product lineup to be convoluted and ultimately too confusing .
He even quipped that if he could n’t figure out the difference between a multitude of hardware models , how could Apple expect consumers to do so ?
Naturally , one of his first orders of business was putting the squeeze on Apple ’s product lineup and focusing instead on only a few products that were to be marketed at either consumers or professionals .
A large number of products were axed in the process , including the Newton .
As a result , Apple ’s product lineup shrunk down to just four offerings – laptops for either consumers or professionals , and desktops for either consumers or professionals .
Even today , Apple ’s product lineup is relatively sparse compared to the product offerings of other companies .
For example , if you want an Apple laptop , you can choose between a MacBook , a MacBook Air , and MacBook Pro .
Three models to choose from , and that ’s it .
Even the names
Apple chooses lend themselves to making it easier for consumers to differentiate between the different models available .
By way of comparison , there are a multitude of Sony Vaio laptops out on market , and if you want to figure out how they differ , you have to study the specs .
How else can you figure out the difference between a Sony Vaio VGN - Z550N and a Sony Vaio VGN - CS215J / R.
In contrast , the use of the words “ Air ” and “ Pro ” helps provide users , right from the get - go , with an idea of what the machine is , and who it ’s geared for .
Apple ’s simplified approach to selling computers helped re-energize the company as it forced Apple to focus on doing a few things extremely well , while not letting its talent and resources drift off in a number of different directions and projects .
That narrow focus eventually led to the development of the iMac , the iPod , and the iPhone – three products that together have helped Apple achieve record breaking financial and critical success .
Apple understands that consumer choice is great , but too much choice can easily lead to customer confusion and frustration .
It ’s also worth pointing out that its easier for companies to provide quality technical support when there are n’t 15 models of a product that technicians need to be familiar with .
When it comes to product offerings , Apple ’s approach to business is a lot like that of a Basketball coach .
Would you rather have a smaller team comprised of only 7 All - Stars , or a full 12 man roster with 1 All - Star , 2 above average players , 3 mediocre players , and 6 benchwarmers .
The Dream Team wins every time , baby .
A Post By : Darren Rowse
Have you ever met a Lego enthusiast ?
They can be a lot of fun to talk to and will open up a whole world ( or perhaps ‘ culture ’ is a better word ) for you around the little colorful bricks that many of us stop playing with as kids .
Many Lego lovers are also keen photographers who love to document their work , fun , humor and creativity .
Here ’s just a quick sample of some of the hundreds of thousands of Lego Photos on Flickr .
Image by kennymatic
Image by regolare
Image by Balakov
Image by Balakov
Image by Dunechaser
Image by Balakov
Image by Joe Shlabotnik
Image by woordenaar
Image by Joriel “ Joz ” Jimenez
Image by Don Solo
Image by Balakov
This correction was published in the Observer 's For the records column , Sunday November 16 2008
The headline above is incorrect .
It is parliament 's Joint Committee on Human Rights that says the law must be changed to comply with a European Court of Human Rights ruling that prison inmates should be given the right to vote .
The European Court of Human Rights is not a European Union institution .
The government must give prisoners the right to vote or the next general election will be illegal under European law , ministers have been warned by parliament 's influential Joint Committee on Human Rights .
The committee 's conclusion threatens a constitutional crisis for Labour , which has tried to bury the issue ever since the European Court of Human Rights ruled in 2005 that inmates should have the vote .
The committee , comprising six MPs and six peers , has written to the Ministry of Justice saying the government must urgently change the law so that the majority of Britain 's 84,000 prisoners are given the right before the country next goes to the polls .
' A legislative solution can and should be introduced during the next parliamentary session , ' it states .
' If the government fails to meet this timetable , there is a significant risk that the next general election will take place in a way that fails to comply with the convention and at least part of the prison population will be unlawfully disenfranchised . '
In addition to convicted prisoners , those banned from voting include members of the Lords , anyone found guilty of election corruption within the past five years and people with learning disabilities or a mental illness deemed incapable of making a reasoned judgment .
Being hauled before the European Court of Human Rights for failing to comply with the convention is an unpalatable prospect for the government .
But introducing a law allowing jailed offenders to vote is likely to spark a furious row that the government 's opponents could exploit to their political advantage .
' The idea that our entire democratic process could be overturned in this way is ludicrous , ' said shadow justice secretary Nick Herbert .
' Claiming sweeping new entitlements for prisoners is a classic example of over - reaching human rights laws which have lost sight of the importance of balancing responsibilities .
Parliament should make these decisions , not European judges . '
The government originally said it would consider the issue of prisoners ' voting rights in a two - stage consultation that was supposed to have been completed in January 2008 .
Ministers said a new law would follow after May 2008 .
But a joint committee member attacked the Justice Ministry for dithering on the issue .
' The government cannot pick and choose which human rights treaty obligations it fulfils for party political reasons or just because it feels an issue is not populist enough , ' said Evan Harris , a Liberal Democrat MP .
' Gordon Brown is going soft on human rights .
There is every chance that this country may be in breach of international law if the government does n't have the courage to act before the next general election . '
The Prison Reform Trust , which campaigns on behalf of prisoners , has written to the Justice Secretary , Jack Straw , asking why the government was delaying the legislation .
' This mean - minded , foot - dragging approach ... calls into question the government 's commitment to social inclusion , citizenship and human rights , ' said Juliet Lyon , the trust 's director .
The European ruling stipulates only that a blanket ban on prisoner voting is unlawful , suggesting that certain segments of the prison population - such as murderers Ian Huntley and Rosemary West - will still not be entitled to vote .
Legal experts believe the government may seek to limit the prisoners who can vote to those who have been rehabilitated and are considered ' good citizens ' .
But the judgment , made in response to a case brought before the European Court of Human Rights by a British prisoner called John Hirst , suggests imposing this qualification may be difficult .
Following the Hirst ruling , several states passed laws giving prisoners the right to vote .
In 2006 Ireland passed legislation allowing all prisoners to vote by post in the constituency where they would live if they were not in prison .
A spokeswoman for the Ministry of Justice said : ' Prisoner voting rights is a sensitive and complex issue , and we need to look very carefully at what the right approach to prisoner enfranchisement in the UK is and at how it would be implemented . '
· This article 's headline was amended on Wednesday November 12 2008 from ' Ban on votes for prisoners is illegal , says EU ' to ' Ban on votes for prisoners is illegal , says parliamentary committee ' .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
Team CoverageUtah State Sen. Chris Buttars , R - West Jordan , has been removed from a Senate committee because of anti-gay comments he made that became public this week .
Senate President Michael Waddoups says he decided to take the action because of public pressure , but at the same time he affirmed Buttars ' free speech rights .
Buttars is n't backing down , even as Senate GOP leaders announced his punishment .
In a statement posted online , Buttars says he disagrees with the censure , but he 's a " grown man who can take his knocks . "
Senate President Michael Waddoups took him off of the senate judiciary committee .
Even in the face of what amounts to a demotion , Sen .
Buttars is not apologizing and his supporters do n't think he has anything to apologize for .
At the same time , his critics are angry .
They want more severe action against Buttars , even for him to quit the Senate .
Buttars was kicked off the judicial committee he chaired after comparing gay activists to radical Muslims during an interview for a documentary .
Buttars also told filmmaker Reed Cowan that gay activists are " probably the greatest threat to America going down . "
There has been outrage over the comments this year because gays have unsuccessfully sponsored a package of bills they say find common ground on the issue of equal rights .
Also , Butters has a record of speaking off the cuff when it comes to gays , illegal immigrants , and African Americans .
Waddoups , R - Taylorsville , says the move should n't be viewed as punishment but rather the removal of a distraction .
" I want the citizens of Utah to know that the Senate stands behind Sen .
Buttars and his right to speak , that we stand behind him as colleague and support his right to serve in this state , " Waddoups said .
Senate Pres. Michael Waddoups
He said this will free Sen .
Buttars to be more at ease when speaking his opinions .
" We agree with many of the things that he said .
We disagree with some of them .
We may disagree with some of the ways he said it , but we stand four square behind what he wants to say and needs to say , " Waddoups said .
To listen to Waddoups ' statement , play the audio link on this page .
Buttars defended himself in a blog post on Friday , saying , in part , " For the record , I do not agree with the censure .
I see it as an attempt to shy away from controversy .
In particular , I disagree with my removal as Chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee , since my work there is entirely unrelated to my opposition to the homosexual agenda . "
There were those who did n't think the penalty went far enough ; and that Buttars should be removed from the powerful Senate Rules Committee , too .
Senate Democrats do seem satisfied .
But Senator Ross Romero is going a step further , proposing sensitivity training for legislators .
He said , " We need to balance the constitutional rights of free speech .
We are doing so as representatives of our state , and to have some sensitivity training , have some diversity training my hope is it will help educate those in the body who do n't appreciate the differences that individuals brings . "
Cowan interviewed Buttars in January for a documentary about California 's Proposition 8 campaign .
The comments were made public this week .
Reaction varies as emotions run high
Sen. Buttars ' supporters say today is a victory for free speech .
" It would have been a chilling effect if he were censured for what he said , on all lawmakers , " Gayle Ruzicka , president of the Utah Eagle Forum , said .
She and others are wearing his campaign button around the Capitol .
" We just thought it would be a good day to say we support Chris Buttars and his right to free speech , " she said .
Buttars ' supporter Karen Clark said , " I 've been in his home many times and talked to him .
He said , ‘ You may not agree with me , but you 'll always know where I stand . '
And there are a lot of people in his district who voted for him because of that issue , that stance .
He will stand up and speak the things that are near and dear to him and us , as well . "
But plenty of people say they 're offended at Buttars ' comments .
Those people also were at the Capitol and wanted their voices to be heard .
Troy Williams said , " We are a vibrant , beautiful part of this community .
We demand to be heard .
We 're not going away .
We believe in life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
We believe that includes us as well as everyone else in this state .
We 're here to fight for that . "
Listeners flooded KSL Newsradio's Doug Wright Show by phone and e-mail following the announcement .
One said , " I 'm very pleased with how that was handled .
You go , President Waddoups , and thanks for supporting Sen. Buttars ! "
Another said , " Waddoups does n't care because this is a one - party state . "
And someone else said , " Buttars should be forced to resign .
He is an embarrassment for our state . "
The Buttars story has gotten more that 56,000 page views on KSL.com , about 10 times that of a typical news story .
By mid-afternoon , more than 900 people posted comments on KSL 's message board .
Greg L. wrote , " I thought Senator Buttars also had 1st Amendment rights just like homosexuals .
Apparently not .
Why is he being reprimanded ? "
Another responded , " His particular comment was hateful and bigoted .
This kind of mentality has no place in the judicial system . "
National group The Human Rights Campaign calls Buttars ' comments dangerous and his committee removal not enough .
Bruce Bastian of the campaign said , " It 's a slap on the wrist because , again , there 's no apology .
How can you just let something like that go and say OK , what he said , he said , and it's OK , basically ? "
But others say it went too far .
Stephen Graham of the Standard of Liberty Foundation said , " It is a slap on the wrist , but it 's a slap on the wrist that he did n't deserve .
He should n't have received that .
They had no business saying because you used your freedom of speech we are affecting the job you have in the Senate .
It 's uncalled for . "
Earlier , chairman of the Utah Democratic Party , Wayne Holland , had called it statement time for the Republicans .
" They have an opportunity here to show Utah citizens that they are tired of this kind of politics , " he said .
Utah Republican Party Vice Chair Todd Weiler earlier said the comments attributed to Buttars do not represent the party .
" Our state party platform is that we recognize the traditional family as the fundamental unit of society , and that 's it .
The Republican Party does n't discriminate or encourage discriminatory statements against any group of citizens , " he said .
He feels the comments are unfortunate and take away from some of the positive things the 2 - term senator has done .
Also today , The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints issued a statement urging " civil and respectful dialogue . "
It said , " From the outset , the Church 's position has always been to engage in civil and respectful dialogue on this issue .
Senator Buttars does not speak for the church . "
The Utah Pride Center said Buttars ' recent comments as well as today 's press conference deeply hurt and saddened its community .
And the group Equality Utah said it appreciates the removal of Buttars as chair of the judiciary committee , but says that is " far from enough to repair the damage caused by Buttars ' comments . "
The American Civil Liberties Union of Utah defends Buttars ' right to voice his opinions .
A statement released by the civil liberties group reads in part : " While we disagree vehemently with Senator Buttars ' views , we strongly support the Constitution 's free speech protections .
" Restricting the speech of one group or individual jeopardizes everyone 's rights because the same laws or regulations used to silence unpopular and controversial speech can be used to silence valid discourse , " it said .
All members of the Senate are ready to move on now .
They consider this a huge distraction from the work they still have to do on dozens of bills and the state budget .
Buttars himself did not respond to questions after the news conference .
E-mail : mrichards@ksl.com
E-mail : spark@ksl.com
E-mail : aadams@ksl.com
E-mail : rpiatt@ksl.com
E-mail : jdaley@ksl.com
( Copyright 2008 Bonneville International Corporation .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or distributed .
AP contributed to this report . )
×
Related Links
Related Stories
Malbork Massacre World War II Mass Grave Unearthed in Poland
The Polish city of Malbork has found a mass grave with the remains of some 1,800 people , thought to be former German residents of the town .
They apparently died as the Red Army marched through Poland -- and some of them appear to have been executed .
Omni Icons
The Omni collection is our most versatile icon collection .
The icons work well with almost any style and color scheme .
For optimum legibility even in small sizes the Omni icons have been designed on a 32x32 grid .
For nearly a decade , Americans acted as though taking on more debt posed no problem .
After all , they owned real estate , and all the experts told them that real - estate prices always go up .
The mightiest magnates of finance acted as if they believed this stupid story —
I say stupid because the merest child might easily have confirmed that real - estate prices have always risen and fallen cyclicallyand that real - estate booms have often been the precursors of financial crashes and economic recessions .
But things are always different this time , are they not ?
At least , all the experts say so , just as they said so during the past however many booms , each of which was said to haveheralded a “ new era . ”
So , we can hardly blame the nearly destitute wannabe homeowner who signed up for the mortgage proffered to him by the agent of one of those Wall Street moguls .
After all , the borrowerput nothing down , made interest - only payments at a low teaser rate , and cheerfully anticipated seamlessly refinancing the loan when the time came forthe interest rate to be adjusted upward .
Could n’t lose , eh ?
Moreover , you could use your house as the basis for a line of credit and live high on the hog while you waited for your house to appreciate as surely as the sun rises in the east .
Thus , real estate loans at all commercial banks increased from January 2002 to January 2009 by 110 percent , and the banks ’ total consumer credit outstanding increased during the same period by 37 percent .
Household credit - market debt outstanding rose between the first quarter of 2002 and the third quarter of 2008 by 77 percent .
Got the picture ?
The country was , and remains , awash in debt .
Of course , these huge increases in real - estate and consumer debt would not have been possible had the Fed not engineered a great increase in themoney and credit coursing through the system : thus , the money stock ( M2 ) increased from January 2002 to January 2009 by 51 percent .
Greenspan and Bernanke , you gotta love ’em — real good - time Charlies .
It was paradise , or as close to paradise as we ’re likely to come in this vale of tears , but it was a fool ’s paradise , which has long since become obvious to anybody with more than half a wit .
Once the real - estate prices turned around and headed south , everything pyramided on top of them began to crumble — mortgages , mortgage - backed securities , real - estate - related derivatives of various sorts , credit default swaps , bank balance sheets , big investment banks , stock prices ( especially financials ) , interbank lending , you name it .
About the only things that have risen appreciably in the past year or more are fear anddespair .
( The smart money has taken a long position in them . )
Now , before we lose our focus , allow me to remind you that thiswhole sad story is a tale of excessive debt .
If householders , banks , businesses , and , of course , governments at every level had not become so outrageously overleveraged , the piper would not be in a position , as he is now , to demand such extreme payment .
But debt and more debt and still more debt formed the stairsteps by which the U.S. economy ( and others ) ascended to the dizzying heights from which the world is now in the process of plunging .
But never fear : our government will save the day .
Or so it promises us .
Especially since last September , the Fed and the Treasury have scarcely stopped for a decent night ’s sleep .
They have frantically seized upon one “ plan ” after another ( God save us from the centralplanners ! ) to “ thaw the frozen credit markets , ” to “ prevent the credit - market meltdown , ” to restore the flow of credit to one and all — in short , to make sure that we do notreduce our excessive , unsustainable indebtedness , but insteadresume ourall - outborrowing whether it is prudent to do so or not , and for most individuals and businesses at present , it most emphatically is not .
The Friday , February 20 , edition of the New York Times announces the latest installment in this cavalcade of cuckoo crisis - fighting , something called the Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility , or TALF .
The headline reads : “ U.S. Tries a Trillion - Dollar Key for Locked Lending . ”
The article explains that
The Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve plan to spend as much as $ 1 trillion to provide low - cost loans and guarantees to hedge funds and private equity firms that buy securities backed by consumer and business loans .
The Fed is expected to start the first phase of the program , which will provide $ 200 billion in loans to investors , in early March .
The program . . . does not try to change securitization practices that , many investors say , spread risks throughout the world and destroyed financial institutions .
Policy makers acknowledge that for now , fixing credit ratings , reducing conflicts of interest and improving disclosure can wait .
Under the program , the Fed will lend to investors who acquire new securities backed by auto loans , credit card balances , student loans and small - business loans at rates ranging from roughly 1.5 percent to 3 percent .
Depending on the type of security they are borrowing against , investors will be able to borrow 84 percent to 95 percent of the face value of the bonds .
Investors would not be liable for any losses beyond the 5 percent to 16 percent equity that they retain in the investment .
In the initial phase , the Treasury will provide $ 20 billion and the Fed will provide $ 180 billion .
Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner said last week that the Treasury could increase its commitment to $ 100 billion to allow the Fed to lend up to $ 1 trillion .
Well , there you have it .
If you can imagine anything more idiotic in the present circumstances , your imagination is more powerful than mine .
I have this recurring nightmare in which Tim Geithner is lying in a dark corner of a saloon .
His bosom buddy Ben Bernanke comes in , sees him lying there in a heap and rushes to his side .
He finds his comrade breathing heavily and reeking of a warehouse worth of booze .
He shouts for help : “ Bartender , get over here quick .
Bring this man a whiskey .
And make it a double ! ”
Into such hands has fate delivered us .
May God have mercy on our souls .
The Best of Robert Higgs
The FT says this is worse than feared , and I say it is just what I was expecting ( see here , I do hope that does n’t make me one of those “ visionaries ” you are all so busy talking about ) .
Germanyâ€™s economic slump in the final quarter of 2008 proved worse than feared , official figures showed on Friday , with the country posting the sharpest fall in gross domestic product since the country was reunified in 1990 .
The larger - than - expected 2.1 per cent plunge in GDP in the final three months of the year showed Europeâ€™s largest economy contracting at a faster pace than the UK in the same period and threatening to drag down the performance of the 16 - country eurozone .
A 2.1 % quarterly contraction , for those who are confused by the way we economists do things is equivalent to an 8.4 % annualised rate of contraction , which is quite something ( although in fairness some of this comes from Q3 when there was a big build up in inventories , which has now unwound ) .
But the real question , when all the dust settles , is going to be why it is that economies like those in Germany and Japan are so incredibly export dependent ( remember , all those “ decoupling ” arguments which were so in fashion not so long ago ) .
My view is “ its the demography silly ” , but then we ca n’t go back 30 years and change all that with the wave of a wand , so we really don need some out of the box thinking on the global imbalances soon ( see Claus ’s arguments in his last post ) .
Meantime the EU are working furiously away on the next “ top secret ” European bank bailout proposal ( does this have anything to do with the unexpected rapid departure of Michael Glos last weekend ?
– all of this was most strange , see here ) .
Details are sof the coming bank bailout proposals are still scarce at this point , but the excitable Telegraph do come up with a very hair - raising number ( 16.3 trillion pounds , see here ) .
As I have been arguing , far from Germany subsidising the rest of the EU , Germany may well be at the heart of the bailout , needing support from the rest of us , which is why we need EU bonds , and we need them now .
United we stand , divided we go down the plughole !
And if you have any doubt about the export connection , just look at the chart below , not an exact fit , but an obvious close correlation .
Germany needs a demographic fix , simply going for longer shopping hours ( and the like ) wo n’t work in a case like this .
And as for labour market reforms , just look how many jobs Germany created this time round .
WASHINGTON 
For his first annual budget next week , President Obama has banned four accounting gimmicks that President George W. Bush used to make deficit projections look smaller .
The price of more honest bookkeeping : A budget that is $ 2.7 trillion deeper in the red over the next decade than it would otherwise appear , according to administration officials .
The new accounting involves spending on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , Medicare reimbursements to physicians and the cost of disaster responses .
But the biggest adjustment will deal with revenues from the alternative minimum tax , a parallel tax system enacted in 1969 to prevent the wealthy from using tax shelters to avoid paying any income tax .
Even with bigger deficit projections , the Obama administration will put the country on “ a sustainable fiscal course ” by the end of Mr. Obama ’s term , Peter R. Orszag , the director of the Office of Management and Budget , said Thursday in an interview .
Mr. Orszag did not provide details of how the administration would reduce a deficit expected to reach at least $ 1.5 trillion this year .
How Does A Tax Cut Create Jobs And Stimulate Economy When There ’s No Money To Spend To See The Effect Of The Cuts ?
Someone please explain the logic of the Republicans to me .
They ’re completely defiant towards spending , and they will snub this bill no matter how long it ’s on the table because there ’s not enough tax cuts — their answer to everything .
I ’d like someone to explain to me how tax cuts will make jobs ?
How will tax cuts promote growth at this stage in the game when people do n’t have money to spend because they have no jobs to see benefits to begin with ?
Really , what realm of reality do the Republicans live where they think business owners will be like “ Oh shit they lowered taxes , guess we can immediately hire 10 maybe 20 more people ! ”
How does that work ?
This whole thing is like saying “ Hey I see you ’re constipated and ca n’t take a dump , so maybe if we give you more toilet paper on your roll , it will help you go !
The guy that wanted to give you an enema to loosen things up inside there is obviously a moron , that wo n’t work . ”
Really ?
Dear Employees ,
Due to the current financial situation caused by the slowdown of economy , Management has decided to implement a scheme to put workers of 40 years of age and above on early retirement .
This scheme will be known as RAPE ( Retire - Aged People Early ) .
Persons selected to be RAPED can apply to management to be eligible for the SHAFT scheme ( Special Help After Forced Termination ) .
Persons who have been RAPED and SHAFTED will be reviewed under the SCREW programme ( Scheme Covering Retired Early Workers ) .
A person may be RAPED once , SHAFTED twice and SCREWED as many times as Management deems appropriate .
Persons who have been RAPED can only get AIDS ( Additional Income for Dependants & Spouse ) or HERPES ( Half Earnings for Retired Personnel Early Severance ) .
Obviously persons who have AIDS or HERPES will not be SHAFTED or SCREWED any further by Management .
Persons who are not RAPED and are staying on will receive as much SHIT ( Special High Intensity Training ) as possible .
Read
Management has always prided itself on the amount of SHIT it gives employees .
Should you feel that you do not receive enough SHIT , please bring to the attention of your Supervisor .
They have been trained to give you all the SHIT you can handle .
Sincerely ,
The Management
Why Jesus Is n't Coming Again
by Mike McClellan
The Bible tells us that Jesus Christ spoke to His disciples 2000 years ago , telling them that he would return , that he was " coming again " .
His promise remains one of the most central themes in the myriad of Christian belief systems .
Except for a very small minority , Christians still believe he is coming again , the Parousia , the rapture .
Is His promise still valid ?
Has
He yet to return ?
Or did He make the promise only to break it in the lifetime of those to whom He spoke ?
The Promise The following is taken from the Bible .
All verses are from the King James version unless otherwise noted .
The Bible references are hyperlinks and will take the reader to the New International Version quotation if so desired .
For the Son of man shall come in the glory of his Fatherwith his angels ; and then he shall reward every man according to his works .
Verily I say unto you ,
There be some standing here , which shall not taste of death * , till they see the Son of man coming in his kingdom .
Matthew 16 : 27-28
The language is clear .
Jesus told his disciples that some of them would not taste of death - would not die - before he returned , until he came into his kingdom .
If you 've been mistakenly taught that the verses above refer to Christ 's Transfiguration , read Revelation 20:12 which coincides with Matthew 16:27 in describing a Judgment Day scenario :
And I saw the dead , small and great , stand before God ; and the books were opened : and another book was opened , which is the book of life : and the dead were judged outof those things which were written in the books , according to their works .
Revelation 20:12
Christ was , again , clearly referring to his second coming before that present generation passed .
Again , Jesus tells his disciples :
And then shall appear the sign of the Son of man in heaven : and then shall all the tribes of the earth mourn , and they shall see the Son of man coming in the cloudsof heaven with power and great glory .
And he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet , and they shall gather together his elect from the four winds , from one end of heaven to the other .
Now learn a parable of the fig tree ;
When his branch is yet tender , and putteth forth leaves , ye know that summer is nigh :
So likewise ye , when ye shall see all these things , know that it is near , even at the doors .
Verily I say unto you ,
This generation shall not pass* , till all these things be fulfilled .
Matthew 24:30 - 34
Again , Christ describes certain events and warns those who are listening to him that " This generation shall not pass * , till all these things be fulfilled " .
He is speaking about their present generation .
Although the above scriptures clearly convey that Christ was talking about his present generation , there are many other references in the New Testament indicating that the writers of the Gospels and Epistles as well as the followers of Christ firmly believed that Jesus was speaking of their present generation and not some future time hundreds or thousands of years down the road .
Jesus spoke to his followers again about his coming according to the book of Matthew :
And ye shall be hated of all men for my name 's sake : but he that endureth to the end shall be saved .
But when they persecute you in this city , flee ye into another : for verily I say unto you , Ye shall not have gone over the cities of Israel , till the Son of man be come .
Matthew 10:22-23
The cities of Israel were not so numerous that it would have taken a fleeing man 2000 years to go over or through them .
No man could live that long .
Christ said before a fleeing man could go through all the cities , he would come .
Again , Christ was speaking of his return in that generation .
He left no doubt as to his meaning in this passage .
What I mean , brothers , is that the time is short * .
From now on those who have wives should live as if they had none ; those who mourn , as if they did not ; those who are happy , as if they were not ; those who buy something , as if it were not theirs to keep ; those who use the things of the world , as if not engrossed in them .
For this world in its present form is passing away .
( 1 Corinthians 7:29 -31 - NIV )
Paul tells the Corinthians that time is short and that the world in its present form is passing away .
His words have a strong sense of urgency , rather than being a mere suggestion .
Paul believes the world is presently passing away .
He is not speaking of some event which could take place 2000 years in the future .
Now this I say , brethren , that flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God ; neither doth corruption inherit incorruption .
Behold , I shew you a mystery ;
We shall not all sleep* , but we shall all be changed , In a moment , in the twinkling of an eye , at the last trump : for the trumpet shall sound , and the dead shall be raised incorruptible , and we shall be changed .
For this corruptible must put on incorruption , and this mortal must put on immortality
1 Corinthians 15:50 - 53
In this passage , Paul tells the Corinthians We shall not all sleep .
Again , Paul is convinced and is convincing the Corinthians that the second coming of Christ is imminent in that generation and not all who hear his words will " sleep " or die prior to Christ 's coming .
We Which Are Alive And Shall Remain
In the following portion of the letter which Paul writes to the Thessalonians he discusses those who remain alive in the present tense .
For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord , that we which are alive and remain * unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep .
For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout , with the voice of the archangel , and with the trump of God : and the dead in Christ shall rise first :
Then we which are alive and remain * shall be caught up together with them in the clouds , to meet the Lord in the air : and so shall we ever be with the Lord .
Wherefore comfort one another with these words .
1 Thessalonians 4:15 -18
More Scripture Indicating Immediate Urgency
The New Testament is abundantly filled with references to the immediacy of Christ 's return .
But the end of all things is at hand : * be ye therefore sober , and watch unto prayer .
1 Peter 4:7
God , who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets , Hath in these last days * spoken unto us by his Son , whom he hath appointed heir of all things ...
Hebrews 1:1-2
In 1 John , the false prophets foretold by Jesus who existed in that time period to give notice of the end times are discussed .
Beloved , believe not every spirit , but try the spirits whether they are of God : because many false prophets are gone out into the world .
Hereby know ye the Spirit of God : Every spirit that confesseth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God :
And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God ...
1 John 4:1-3
*( italics mine )
According to the Bible , Jesus Christ said he would return in the generation in which he lived .
He said the sign of the Son of Man would appear in heaven .
He said all the tribes of Israel would mourn .
He said the tribes would see the Son of Man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory .
He said he would send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet .
The angels were to gather the " elect " from the four winds , from one end of heaven to the other .
All of these things were to have happened in his generation .
They did n't happen .
Jesus did not return as he said he would .
He did not return as his disciples believed and preached that he would .
Jesus did n't come in the disciples generation .
He did n't come in any generation .
The disciples all died .
Jesus ' promise was broken .
The disciples believed and lived a false hope .
Jesus did n't come then and he is n't coming in the future .
Those who cling to the broken promise and false hope of his return will be just as disappointed as the disciples who died looking in vain for the second coming of their Christ .
He is n't coming again .
HyperBanner Counter
February 28 , 1999
created 2.28.99
revised 6.30.03
Subscribe to TheJesusDebates Powered by groups.yahoo.com
The US businessman is also a cricket promoter
The US financial authorities say they do not know the whereabouts of Sir Allen Stanford , the Texan billionaire accused of an $ 8 bn ( £ 5.6 bn ) fraud .
He has not been seen since Tuesday , when the Securities and Exchange Commission filed a civil case in court .
The SEC said Sir Allen and two other executives promised clients unrealistic returns on certificates of deposit .
Depositors in the US , the Caribbean and South America have queued to withdraw money from banks associated with him .
No criminal charges have yet been made .
In an e-mail to his employees last week , Sir Allen promised to help the SEC probe and vowed to " fight with every breath to continue to uphold our good name and continue the legacy we have built together " .
The 58 - year - old , who holds joint US - Antiguan citizenship , is a flamboyant figure who has links with prominent US politicians and sports stars .
He is the biggest private - sector employer on Antigua and Barbuda .
Industry ' greed '
A civil court judge in the US has frozen the assets of Sir Allen and the other accused as well as those of the Stanford Group , its Antigua - based subsidiary Stanford International Bank ( SIB ) , and another subsidiary , investment adviser Stanford Capital Management .
The greed in this line of work has just gotten to an extreme
Michael Harrington
Financial adviser
Antigua reacts to Stanford charges Cricket chief under pressure Blog : Mihir Bose
The BBC's Greg Wood , in Houston , said a steady flow of people had turned up at the Stanford group 's headquarters in the city on Wednesday , trying find out what had happened to their money .
One Houston estate agent and financial adviser , Michael Harrington , told the BBC that he had been encouraging his clients to invest with the Stanford group , and he feared some would have lost a lot of money .
" The greed in this line of work has just gotten to an extreme that we 're not comfortable with referring anyone to almost anyone in this industry , " he said .
Hundreds of investors throughout the Caribbean and South America also gathered at branches of Stanford International Bank and its affiliates .
The Associated Press reported that they left empty - handed , being told that their accounts were frozen .
In an effort to protect investors , Colombia and Ecuador suspended the activities of some Stanford affiliates , Panamanian regulators occupied Stanford bank branches hit by a run on deposits , and Mexico and Venezuela were also said to be considering measures .
Hundreds of depositors of Sir Allen 's Bank of Antigua in Antigua also sought to withdraw their funds on Wednesday , although the bank is separate from SIB .
' Shocking magnitude '
The SEC said no - one but Sir Allen and James Davis , SIB 's chief financial officer , knew where most of cash has been invested and accused both men of failing to co-operate with investigators .
Filing a case in the civil courts against Sir Allen , the SEC described the case as " fraud of shocking magnitude that has spread its tentacles throughout the world " .
Sir Allen , a leading figure in the cricket world , last year promoted the Stanford cricket series which saw a West Indian all - star team - the Stanford Superstars - beat an England team for a $ 20 m prize .
The England and Wales Cricket Board ( ECB ) , which has a five - year deal to play games against the Stanford Superstars , suspended sponsorship negotiations with him following the SEC 's move against Sir Allen .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MOST retailers would recoil in horror at the thought of keeping unsold products on their shelves for 30 years .
Not Halted Specialties Company .
It ’s willing to hold on to a few thousand vacuum tubes just in case the right buyer happens to wander into the store , be it this decade or the next .
For close to 50 years , Halted has supplied the do - it - yourself electronics enthusiasts so common in Silicon Valley with just about anything they could imagine .
Like the many electronics stores once populating the area , Halted helped turn entrepreneurs ’ inklings into huge success stories .
These days , however , Halted caters more to hobbyists than titans of industry because much of the fundamental computing manufacturing has moved to Asia .
Halted , in Santa Clara , Calif. , is one of the last of a dying breed  a rough - around - the - edges electronics wonderland meant for people who just can’t find what they need at stores like Best Buy and Fry ’s Electronics .
“ It ’s a little discouraging sometimes , ” said Bob Ellingson , who co-owns Halted with Matt Dunstan .
“ You do n’t see the start - up companies  the guys coming in that are setting up a bench .
And they need to get pliers and cutters and soldering irons and solder .
It ’s not like it was . ”
Less than than a week after he was elected the next president , Barack Obama and wife Michelle were welcomed to the White House yesterday by George and Laura Bush – a political rite of passage that has happened unusually early because of the economic crisis , the war in Iraq , and the general consensus that this will be one of the most important transitions in recent US history .
Arriving 11 minutes early , Mr Obama stepped from his limousine outside the South Portico and warmly greeted the Republican leader whose " failed policies " of the past eight years he has been denouncing on the campaign trail for months .
There were handshakes and smiles for the cameras from the two men , both sporting dark suits and blue ties .
Their wives ' dresses matched the autumnal leaves on the ground , Michelle 's figure - hugging red dress , ruched at the front ; Laura 's more matronly brown number worn with a belt and ruched at the back .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Crowds were pressed against the railing , on the crisp afternoon , eager for the briefest of glimpses of the first African America inhabitants of Washington 's most famous address .
As the outgoing and incoming First Couple entered the building , Mr Obama draped his arm over Mr Bush 's shoulder .
The ladies departed for a tour of the mansion 's private quarters to talk drapes and domestic niceties while the men headed for " substantive talks " in the Oval Office .
Having already had a father as president , George W Bush already knew his way around every nook and cranny of the White House by the time he visited to take over from Bill Clinton .
Mr Obama has been to the White House before , most recently in September for an emergency bailout summit but yesterday was the first time he had ever set foot in the Oval Office .
The 43rd and soon to be 44th presidents strolled along the White House Colonnade that leads to the inner sanctum for the benefit of the cameras , Mr Bush looking awkward and tense , as a smiling Mr Obama made small talk .
A handover of presidential power is never easy and it was with an eye to the history books that both men met for 90 minutes yesterday .
They both have a strong interest in a smooth official transition on 20 January .
At 47 , the incoming Democrat is one of the youngest and relatively inexperienced presidents in America 's history , taking over in the midst of a global financial crisis , with two wars raging .
It was their first face - to - face encounter since Mr Obama roundly defeated the Republican torch - bearer John McCain .
The pair were not expected to make any public statements , and no aides were expected to sit in on their discussion which was expected to focus on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and America 's worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
Although the Obamas had left their daughters Malia , 10 , and Sasha , seven , behind at school in Chicago for the visit , the first stop on Laura and Michelle 's tour of the 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue was the two bedrooms that have been used by generations of presidential children .
The suites face north and look over Lafayette Park , which has often been the scene of anti-war protests in the past eight years .
Mrs Bush telephoned Mrs Obama in advance to say what a wonderful place the White House is to raise a young family .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
As excited as the capital is about the inauguration of the President - elect , the imminent arrival of the Obama children in Washington has led to a mad scramble by the city 's elite private schools eager to have them enrol .
The two young Obamas are set to become the hottest thing to hit Washington society since the Kennedys rolled into town in 1961 .
White House moves : Turbulent transitions
* George Washington to John Adams
Washington 's servants held a series of parties in 1797 , between Washington leaving his house and John Adams arriving , wrecking the furniture and stealing the silver and china .
* Herbert Hoover to Franklin D Roosevelt
The handover between Roosevelt and Hoover was notoriously bad - tempered .
By the time Roosevelt was inaugurated in 1933 , Hoover was the most hated man in America .
For the swearing - in ceremony , Hoover was stony - faced as the men travelled in an open car .
* Dwight Eisenhower to John F Kennedy
Kennedy 's 1960 inauguration was a generational change .
He said Eisenhower was an " old ass - hole " ) while Eisenhower saw Kennedy as weak and unready : " I will do almost anything to avoid turning my chair and country over to Kennedy , " he said during the election campaign .
* Bill Clinton to George Bush
Bush was geared to put his stamp on the presidency after the 2000 Florida recount and the Supreme Court decision in his favour in Bush v Gore .
But before he took over , the Clinton team vandalised offices and took off with doorknobs , a presidential seal and 60 " W " keys from computer keyboards .
When Bush called on Clinton , the meeting went well , except for the unexpected presence of Al Gore , who had reason enough to look sullen .
なんか偉そうな見出しですが、ruby 1.9 を主に使うようになって 1 年ちょっと経ったので、1.9 の新機能に思うところや注意点などを書き残そうと思うのです。さらに 1 年後に見たとき、「あのころはあんなふうに考えてたなあ」などと感慨にひたる予定です。
あらかじめ断っておくと、ぼくの ruby 1.9 経験はすべて趣味範囲なので、エンタープライズとかシステム運用の問題とかは知りません。あとぼくは ruby のコミッタなので、色眼鏡もあると思います。あしからず。
YARV VM 実行になったという話。一般的には「速い」という文脈で語られます。1.8 と比べると確かに速いです。でも、1.9 ばかり使い出すとなんとも思わなくなるはずです。速さなんて相対的な価値ですから、当然ですけどね。好意的に考えれば、「なんとも思わない程度に、遅くて困ることが減った」のかもしれない。
コンパイルフェーズを挟むため、eval や require が遅くなったことには注意が必要です。とくに、 「 いっぱい require してすぐに終わるプログラム 」 は割りを食います ( 例 : gem や rake のようなコマンド、生の cgi など ) * 1 。
まあ、速さなんて飾りですよね * 2 。個人的には、1.8 のなんかごちゃごちゃしたソースコードが、それなりに教科書的な、整理されたソースコードになったことの方が嬉しい
* 3 。
M17N なぜか 「幸せ
Ruby ライフをじゃまする面倒な奴」という先入観があるけど、実際に困ったことはあまりないです。
Q. magic comment の見た目がダサすぎ 。
A. ぼくの主観では、ダサいのは magic comment 自体ではなく emacs スタイル 。主に -*- キラッ -*- の部分。Ruby としては # coding : UTF - 8 だけでいいので、慣れればぎりぎり許容範囲です。
Q. magic comment を書くこと自体が面倒くさい 。
A. 意外にも慣れます * 4 。あと、コメントやリテラルに日本語を書かなければ不要なので、ワンライナーなんかの邪魔にはならない。ちなみに、ライブラリのソースではむしろ書くべきでないらしい
* 5 。
Q. 文字列処理が遅くなるという噂。
A. 実際に困ったことはないです。何度 か「 M17N がボトルネックじゃないか」と疑ったことがあるけど、今のところ全部濡れ衣だった。
Q. エンコードが異なる文字列を連結・比較すると例外になるんだっけ？
A. 今のところ UTF - 8 と EUC - JP とバイナリ ( ASCII - 8BIT ) しか使ってないけど、妙な例外に遭遇したことはない。ASCII-8BIT や US - ASCII はよきに計らってくれるみたい 。
Q. 仕様がなんかよくわからない。
A. これはぼくもわからない。けど 、Ruby の仕様なんて、わかってる気になってもわかってないことばっかですよ。 やっぱり 、 " あいうえ お " [ 0 ] # = > " あ " は便利だし 、 " あいうえお " .encode ( " EUC - JP " , " UTF - 8 " ) も便利ですね 。
ただ、異国で書かれたコード が M17N のせいで自分の環境で動かないとか、M17N に対応できてない古いライブラリではまるとかは今後も発生するかも。
Fiber Coroutine や SemiCoroutine より名前がかっこいい。でも本気で使ったことはない。
Fiber と言えばゲームの状態管理だけど 、1.9 の Fiber は 1.8 のスレッドと同じ仕組みで動いている ( = 遅い ) ので、あんまり向いてなさそう。外部イテレータ化には
Enumerator #next があるので Fiber を使わなくてよい。なので、普通の人が Fiber を直接使うことは事例はあまり想像できない * 6 。
Fiber のスタック長の制限がきついのは注意が必要かも
* 7 。でも Fiber が 1.8 のスレッドより軽量なのはこの制限のおかげなので、むずかしいところ。
ちなみに、知る人ぞ知る Fiber :: Core は黒魔術なので使ってはいけない ( ruby - dev: 31601 ) 。使うなよ、絶対使うなよ！
Enumerator ( 遅延配列的なもの ) 1.9 最大の便利機能。 「 イテレータっぽいメソッドをブロックなしで呼び出すと
Enumerator を返す」という convention ( 慣習、しきたり ) が導入された。 a = [ ] [ 1 , 2 , 3 ].each_cons ( 2 ) do | x , y | a << [ x , y ] end a.map {| x , y | ... }... を a = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ].each_cons ( 2 ) .map {| x , y | ... } ... などと書ける。素直にメソッドチェインがつなげられるので、とってもうれしい。 一年くらい前に、このしきたりの一貫性のなさや非互換性に対して文句たれまくったんですが、多くの場合ではとても便利なので使いまくっています
* 8 。こういう設計のバランス感覚は matz magic ですね * 9 。 あと、 「 Enumerator は Fiber で実装されている ( ゆえに遅い ) 」 と言う噂は、次に挙げる Enumerator #next だけの話。遅延配列は別に特に遅くはないので、じゃんじゃん使いましょう。
Enumerator #next ( 外部イテレータ ) Enumerator を each するのではなく、yield される値を一つずつ取り出せる。 g = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] . each p g.next p g.next 最初に見たときは使い手がありそうだと思ったけど、1 年の間にまともに使った覚えが 1 度もない 。Python からの移民は使うのかな 。
内部実装は Fiber なので、とっても遅いことに注意 。300,000 回の next に 2 秒くらいかかる 。
配列や文字列の省メモリ化 長さ 3 以下の配列や、長さ 11 以下の文字列 * 10 などがいちいち malloc されなくなったので、小さな配列や小さな文字列を多用するときのメモリ効率がよくなっている
( 参考 ) 。
機能というより最適化なので、ユーザが直接意識をすることは基本的にはないはず。でも、関数型プログラミングでよくある「タプル」や「ペア」の代わりに配列を使う人は結構いるはずで、そういう人は喜んでいいと思う。ぼくはウォーキングの路線図の生成が
10 % くらい速くなった ( 2 分弱から 1 分強くらい ) ので、そのくらいうれしい。 ところで 、1.8 で動いていた拡張ライブラリが 1.9 で error : ‘ struct RString ’ has no member named `ptr ' みたいなビルドエラーになったら、この最適化が原因です。そういう時は落ち着いて
RARRAY ( ...)-> ptr を RARRAY_PTR (... ) に書き換える
RARRAY (...)-> len を RARRAY_LEN (... ) に書き換える
RSTRING (...)-> ptr を RSTRING_PTR (... ) に書き換える
RSTRING (...)-> len を RSTRING_LEN (... ) に書き換える とすればいいです 。
rubygems や rake の組み込み化 ぼくは ruby 1.8 のころは gem を使っていなかっ た * 11 んですが 、1.9 では使うようになりました。gem install でいろんなライブラリを遊べるのは楽しいですね。
ただ、世の多くの gem は 1.9 に対応していないので、本当に楽しくなるには時間が必要そうです。よく見る問題は、 前述の RARRAY_PTR の話
when 1 : のようなコロンが書けなくなったこと
String が Enumerable ではなくなったこと ( String #each が消えた ) ですかね 。
ちなみに 、1.9 で使える素晴らしい gem でぼくが日ごろお世話になっているのは、cairo と ramaze 。
rake はあんまり使ってないけど、こないだちょっとウォーキングのデータ生成・管理スクリプトとして使ってみたら、とても便利だった。今後もっと使おう。
正規表現の後方参照に名前を使えること 正規表現エンジンが鬼車になって、一番使いそうな機能。 " Yusuke Endoh " [ /(?< first_name >\w+ )\s +(?< last_name >\w + ) / ] p $ ~ [ : first_name ] p $ ~ [ : last_name ] いかにも便利そうなんですが、実際に使ったことはないです。やっぱり正規表現が煩雑になるからかなあ。
正規表現って基本的に使いたくないんですよね。簡単なパースには牛刀割鶏だと思うし、複雑なパースには使えないし、普通のパースでもソースのメンテナンス性が下がるし。書き捨てプログラムでしか使いたくないのでした。そういう意味では、String#start_with ?
みたいのがうれしい。
Hash に順序がつい た
Hash を each したとき、新規代入した順に列挙される。 h = {} %w ( foo bar baz ) .each {| k | h[k ] = true } h.each_key {| k | p k } などとやると 、1.8 では " foo " " bar " " baz " の出てくる順序は不定だったけれど、1.9 ではこのとおりに出てくることが保証されます
* 12 。
経験上、これに依存したコードは読みにくいです。でも、ハッシュと配列の組で管理する必要がなくなって、幸せなのは幸せなんですよね。諸刃の剣。
ぼくのベストプラクティスとしては、なにかのテーブルみたいに、「いったん初期化した後で追加・更新しないハッシュ」にだけ使うのがいいと思ってます。初期化したあとに freeze すると、より安全。
代入順だけでなく、もっと細かく順序を制御できたらいいんじゃないかと思うけど、API の設計も効率的な実装も難しそう。
ブロック引数中のブロック引数 f = lambda { |& block | block.call( 1 ) } f.call {| x | p x } と書けるようになった。今のところ、本気で使ったことはない機能。
define_method でブロックを受け取るメソッドが定義できるようになったのは、リフレクションマニアにはうれしいかも。 define_method ( : foo ) do |& block | block .
call end 上のコードは def foo ; yield ; end と同等です ( 細かいことを気にしなければ ) 。
post argument def f ( a , b , c , * rest , x , y , z ) ... end と書けるようになった。ぼんやりとソースをいじってると、無意識のうちに使っていることがある機能。今となっては、1.8 で書けなかったことが不自然に感じる。
あと配列の先頭と終端を取り出すとき first , * , last = ary と書くことがしばしばある 。
どこでも何度でも splat post argument に似てるけど、 ary 1 = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] ary 2 = [ 4 , 5 , 6 ] foo( * ary1 , * ary2 ) と書けるようになった。これもよく無意識のうちに使ってる。あと、テーブルの作成とかで、配列リテラルの中でよく使う。 chars = [* " A " .. " Z " , * " a " .. " z " , * " 0 " .. " 9 " ]
まとまらないまとめ ニュースではやっぱり YARV とか M17N みたいな大きい機能が取りざたされがちで、マネージャーとかシステム管理者とかのような立場の人に訴えるにはいいんだろうけど、実際にプログラムを書く人にとってはそんなの空気ですよねー。わはは。
というわけでぼくが好きな新機能ベスト 3 。 Enumerator ( 遅延配列的なもの )
Array の拡張
配列や文字列の省メモリ化 これらのおかげで、だいぶ関数型プログラミングがしやすくなったと感じてます。というか、ぼくが知ってる言語の中では「
Haskell の次にリスト処理がしやすい言語」です * 13 。
Eliza Dushku stars in Joss Whedon ’s latest show , Dollhouse , which begins airing on Friday ( February 13 , 2009 ) on Fox .
Dollhouse is Whedon ’s 4th show ( not counting Dr. Horrible ’s Sing - Along Blog ) after Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Angel and Firefly but hopefully it wo n’t be mishandled the way Fox mishandled Firefly ( which was a great show and was also turned into a great movie Serenity ) .
According to Wikipedia :
In Dollhouse , Eliza Dushku plays a young woman called Echo , a member of a group of people known as “ Actives ” or “ Dolls . ”
The Dolls have had their personalities wiped clean so they can be imprinted with any number of new personas , including memory , muscle memory , skills , and language , for different assignments .
They ’re then hired out for particular jobs , crimes , fantasies , and occasional good deeds .
On missions , Actives are monitored internally ( and remotely ) by Handlers .
In between tasks , they are mind - wiped into a child - like state and live in a futuristic dormitory / laboratory , a hidden facility nicknamed “ The Dollhouse ” .
The story follows Echo , who begins , in her mind - wiped state , to become self - aware .
Beyond Dushku ’s character , the show will also revolve around the people who run the mysterious “ Dollhouse ” and two other “ Dolls ” , Victor and Sierra , who are friendly with Echo ( the names are simply letters in the phonetic alphabet ) .
Although the Actives are ostensibly volunteers , the operation is highly illegal and under constant threat on one end from Paul Ballard , a determined federal agent who has heard a rumor about the Dolls , and an insane rogue Active on the other .
I therefore think that we are wrong to govern ourselves upon the hypothesis of the revanche ; the French nature is too shallow for that large and powerful plant to bloom in it .
En revanche , le HUSA qui a encore un match en moins est relegue a la 4e place avec 30 points .
Une victoire sur les anti-reforme Belle revanche de l'Education contre les chantres de la politique de la terre brulee , qui ont tout tente pour saborder ses efforts dans l'application des reformes du secteur .
La Tunisie se chargera , en revanche , de la coordination entre les deux commissions .
En revanche , le Mouloudia Marrakech , champion du Maroc , ( groupe A ) s'est incline devant le club Angolais Primero sur le score de 25 a 27 ( mi-temps 13 -11 ) .
La Russie a aisement battu le Bresil , nonuple vainqueur , trois sets a zero ( 25 - 23 , 25-19 , 25-19 ) , dans une revanche de la finale des JO de Londres .
Leadership of Ata Jurt is revanche of consolidated southern elites , who approached this situation cohesively , Mars Sariev said .
A powerful external information influence was exerted on Ar Namys party , which took a big percentage of votes from Ata Meken party , but took no votes from Ata Jurt and Respublika .
Information attack on NTV , the political expert said , has become a signal for Russian population from Moscow , this is why Ata Meken was defeated , Social Democratic Party lost many votes .
" Revanche " has already captured numerous awards , and more may be forthcoming .
I am partial to Red Dragon Band 's " Let Me Be Your Radio " ( ok , sure ! ) and Revanche 's " 1979 It 's Dancing Time , " mostly because it 's fun to imagine myself traveling back in time and actually hearing this stuff at a European disco , preferably while wearing a Halston original as cocaine rains down from the rafters .
Two couples -- one from the city , the other from the countryside -- are bound together by fate in Austrian writer - director Goetz Spielmann 's taut thriller " Revanche . "
Elegantly spinning primal elements of guilt , revenge , faith and redemption , helmer 's gripping fifth feature is prime fest material that 's likely to rate Euro arthouse exposure , with further viewers in ancillary .
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
In an age of television makeovers , it is perhaps inevitable that eventually Martha Washington 's turn would come .
A team of historians , curators and forensic anthropologists have concluded that the first first lady - imagined by Americans for more than 200 years to be a dowdy , double - chinned and dowager - capped matron - may have actually been hot .
A computerised age - regression portrait was commissioned to peel away the age and wrinkles and reveal the slim and lively brown - haired woman in her 20s who captivated a future revolutionary hero and president .
" He was clearly sexually excited by her , " Patricia Brady , the pioneer in the revisionist history of Martha told the Washington Post .
" When Martha decided to marry George , she did n't marry him just to be a kind stepfather to her two children .
He was a hunk , and I think she decided to make herself happy .
People are just starting to see her as a real person . "
Martha Washington destroyed much of the contemporaneous record about the life of the first first couple after her husband 's death as was the custom then , burning her husband 's letters .
Most Americans since know and care little of Martha , writing her off as the older wealthy widow George Washington married for her money .
The dismissal was complete with the 1796 portrait of a crabby - looking woman in a white cap .
A mid-20th century re-evaluation of Martha Washington condemned her as short , fat and small - minded , interested in little beyond her needlework and reading the Bible .
But current historians describe a far more compelling figure .
Before her marriage to Washington - her second after being left a young widow with two young children - she was known as a capable business woman .
The future Mrs Washington oversaw five tobacco plantations , negotiating for the best available prices from merchants in London .
She also had her fair share of admirers .
The Post cites a letter from a rival - much richer - suitor , Charles Carter , raving about Martha 's beauty .
Carter wrote his brother that he hoped to " arouse a flame in her breast . "
Sadly for Carter , however , he lost out to George Washington .
What is Julia listening to ?
The sounds of junglecats fighting in a rain forest .
[ image : Carbon Group ]
The carbon group is a periodic table group consisting of carbon ( C ) , silicon ( Si ) , germanium ( Ge ) , tin ( Sn ) , lead ( Pb ) , and flerovium ...
2 hours ago
Esteban Nunez , the son of former California Assembly Speaker Fabian Nunez , and three other men who were arrested in the fatal stabbing of a college student in San Diego fit the definition of a criminal street gang , police said in search warrants released Wednesday .
Nunez and his companions identified themselves as members of The Hazard Crew or THC , according to the documents .
THC is an abbreviation for the active chemical ingredient in marijuana .
Nunez , 19 , has a biohazard symbol on his right arm , and the other defendants have similar tattoos , police said .
Hours before the Oct. 4 killing , Nunez and another defendant talked about how they had learned to gang up on victims and take turns punching them , a woman told police .
The four men are accused of murder in the death of 22 - year - old Luis Dos Santos , a Mesa College student , after a night of drinking at a party near San Diego State University .
Advertisement
San Diego Police Capt .
Jim Collins said the defendants , all from the Sacramento area , did not know Santos but taunted him and four friends , then attacked them with knives .
The fatal fight allegedly took only 30 seconds .
Santos died of a single stab wound to the heart , collapsing in front of the campus gym .
Nunez told his friends that , if they were charged , his father could get them off on a self - defense argument , according to court documents .
The picture of Nunez that police presented Wednesday contrasts sharply with how others who know the Sacramento City College business student describe him .
Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , a longtime friend of the Nunez family , said : “ I ’ve known him since he was a little boy .
He ’s a great kid , a good boy . ”
Advertisement
Vanessa Huber of Upland , another close family friend , echoed the mayor ’s comments : “ He ’s a good kid .
I ’ve never heard him raise his voice about anything .
I ’m so shocked .
I do n’t know what to think . ”
Collins told reporters Wednesday that Nunez received no special treatment because of the prominence of his father .
“ We ’ll treat him as any other suspect , ” he said .
On Sunday , Nunez ’s father finished the last of his three terms in the Assembly , representing a district that extends from Boyle Heights to downtown Los Angeles .
He also served four years as speaker , pushing through landmark legislation on environmental and labor issues .
After a spike in gang violence in Los Angeles , he wrote a bill last year that created a state office to oversee efforts to reduce gang violence .
In a statement released Wednesday , he said : “ This is a very difficult and painful experience for every family involved .
Maria and I love our children very much .
We are confident our son Esteban will be cleared of the charges he is facing .
We will continue to fully cooperate with all law enforcement officials and have faith in our system of justice . ”
Advertisement
The former speaker said earlier this year that he had no immediate plans to run for political office again .
Esteban Nunez graduated from Rio Americano High School near Sacramento in 2007 , said a school spokesman .
He also went to Christian Brothers High School in Sacramento and Damien High School in LaVerne , his MySpace profile indicates .
The athletic director at Christian Brothers , Jill Bennett , recalled that Nunez and his sister were at the private school for only a short time and that he was a “ fairly quiet ” student .
On his MySpace page , Nunez listed his heroes as farmworker organizer Cesar Chavez and rapper Tupac Shakur .
His favorite movies include “ Scarface ” and “ Gang Related . ”
Much of the material was removed from the site Wednesday .
Advertisement
A search of his apartment in Sacramento , conducted just days after the killing , did not reveal any weapons , according to the warrant .
Police did find a bloody pair of shorts .
Search warrants also allege that friends of the suspects said they tried to destroy evidence by burning it and throwing it in the Sacramento River .
All four were arrested without incident in Sacramento County on Tuesday .
Arrested with Nunez were Ryan Jett , 22 ; Rafael Garcia , 19 ; and Leshanor Thomas , 19 .
The victim ’s father , Fred Santos , told reporters that he was glad that arrests had been made , but that “ nothing can bring my son back . ”
Advertisement
Nunez and the other defendants will be arraigned today in San Diego County Superior Court .
Each faces one charge of murder , three of assault with a deadly weapon and one of vandalism for allegedly slashing the tires of construction equipment .
Although the affidavits indicate that police suspect they may be a gang , gang affiliation was not included in the charges .
Police found a switchblade knife and marijuana pipe in Garcia ’s apartment , according to the search warrants .
Police said Garcia described members of his gang in a MySpace.com comment : " . . . ain’t nobody like us maayn we the tightest crew ( THC ) .
Me , ditto , zach , Elliott , Daniel , joe , estaban , sam , will , john , tyler , chris , jett , jesus , Justin , Robert , ryan , jesse , matt , richard and spencer . ”
San Diego Police Officer Jana
Beard said the four defendants fit the definition of a street gang because they have a group name , claim a territory and engage in behavior that “ causes / contributes to the deterioration of a community through a pattern of criminal activity . ”
Advertisement
Collins said one of the four suspects has a criminal record , but declined to say which one .
He said the four were in San Diego because some had friends and relatives there .
A friend of the defendants , who had seen them drinking beer and rum that evening and talking in belligerent tones , told police they were angry at being refused entry to a fraternity party .
“ She recalls the group boasting about fighting the fraternity brothers that would not let them into the party , ” according to a search warrant .
“ She stated the group would go back and burn the house down .
One of the males in the group stated : ‘ Let ’s show them how we do it in Sac Town , ’ ” referring to Sacramento .
A woman at the party with the four told police that she saw Jett , Nunez and Garcia with knives .
Another woman said Garcia and Nunez bragged about how they would attack people on the street by approaching them from different angles and “ taking turns in punching them . ”
Advertisement
The same woman told police that , before the attack , Garcia said , “ I ca n’t believe all four of us brought knives with us . ”
Nunez was born in Pomona .
His father grew up in San Diego and Tijuana , one of 12 children of immigrant parents .
He became the political director for the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor and a lobbyist for the Los Angeles Unified School District .
In 2002 , the Democrat was elected to the Assembly .
Fabian Nunez , 41 , is now on the board of Zenith National Insurance Corp. of Woodland Hills and a partner and co-chairman of Mercury Public Affairs in Sacramento .
San Diego State University President Stephen L. Webber , whose campus was rocked by a drug scandal earlier in the year , released a statement saying , “ While nothing can restore a young life -- our hope is that justice will be served . ”
Advertisement
--
tony.perry@latimes.com
patrick.mcgreevy@latimes.com
Times staff writer Lance Pugmire contributed to this report .
Indiecade 2009 Finalist
Akrasia is a single - player game that challenges game conventions and is intended to make the player think and reflect .
It is based on the abstract concept of addiction , which is expressed metaphorically throughout the game .
Spoiler Warning !
The game is set in a maze that represents the mind .
The maze has two states  a normal and a psychedelic state .
To enter the game , the player has to collect a pill - shaped object and thus enters the game as " addict " .
From " chasing the dragon " and the experience of dependency to working your way through " cold turkey stage " where willpower is mapped onto navigation skills , this game models the essential dimensions of the addiction gestalt as identified by its creators .
Depending on player behavior and choice , the game can have various outcomes that reflect this behavior .
Someone who tries to shake the habit as quickly as possible will find herself in a different situation at the end of the game than someone who indulged in chasing the high .
Unlike many other games where the player is forced to learn a specific behavior in order to win the game , this game gives the player a lot of freedom in regard to the realization of the game as text .
The interpretation of the game is different depending on how the game is played , thus Akrasia is a prime example of a dynamic , player - dependent meaning generation .
The game is meant to be played several times until all the connections between its various elements  the high - score , the life bar with its symbols , the two creatures that inhabit the maze in its two states , etc.  are decoded and its underlying meaning reveals itself .
But although every single element in the game supports one specific reading , the beauty of Akrasia is its interpretative richness .
All the elements in the game make sense in regard to one reading , but it is not the only possible one .
The experiences that shall be conveyed in every single stage of the game do not only fit one experiential gestalt , but a variety of structurally similar experiences .
Akrasia takes the notion of " meaningful games " to the next level .
Play it , experience it and put on your thinking cap .
Celebrity Quote of the Day 01/04/2009
" I normally like classic rock bands like Oasis . "
- " Gossip Girl " star Chace Crawford
Lingering fog shrouds the Venice boardwalk midday as Thomas Mundy rolls past ice cream vendors , T - shirt shacks and falafel stands , a discerning eye trained on the warrens of beach - themed kitsch and quick nibbles .
He ’s not looking for leather thong pendants or Jamaican trinkets in memory of Bob Marley , or to commune with the manic crowd of in - line skaters and street artists .
Mundy is trolling for barriers to his patronage -- a threshold too high for his wheelchair , a parking lot with blue - striped access lanes narrower than eight feet , a public restroom where the coat hook on the back of the door , if there is one , is above his reach .
One fighter in a burgeoning army of crusaders for disabled access , Mundy says he has filed more than 150 lawsuits in 18 months demanding damages from small businesses in violation of the exacting requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act .
Advertisement
Suing for ADA noncompliance has become a cottage industry for dozens of disabled Californians who have taken on the role of freelance enforcers of an often ignored federal statute .
They secure piecemeal correction of offending premises and often enrich themselves and their lawyers in the process .
“ I do n’t go looking for problems .
I just notice them as I go around , ” said Mundy , who moved to Los Angeles last year from Hawaii .
It was in Honolulu that he learned the intricacies of the ADA as a building department employee , a de facto apprenticeship for his new career as a serial litigant .
Mundy , a beefy ex-contractor with longish brown hair and a daily routine of dining out and enjoying the ocean , spies an 8 - inch concrete platform on which a woman in a dark - green sari has set up a table of sunglasses under an awning .
“ There ’s nothing in there that I ’d want to buy but this might be of interest to a judge , ” 50 - year - old Mundy , a paraplegic since a 1988 motorcycle accident in Maryland , observed with a knowing air .
Advertisement
Divorced and jobless except for the self - assigned ADA work , Mundy wo n’t say how much he has earned by filing lawsuits demanding five - figure sums then settling out of court with business owners keen to escape a costlier defense .
Attorneys representing those he has sued estimate Mundy ’s proceeds at about $ 300,000 in little more than a year , and a similar sum for his attorney , Morse Mehrban , from Mundy ’s cases alone .
“ You basically have to take the law into your own hands , ” said Mehrban , whose dozen or so disabled clients provide 90 % of his practice .
“ The ADA was enacted with the idea that the mere fear of litigation would shock people into compliance .
But it has n’t . ”
California is one of the few states to put teeth into the disabilities law by mandating penalties from businesses or government entities whose premises impede the disabled .
“ Confined to a wheelchair in California ? ” Mehrban asks potential clients on his website , www.mehrban.com.
“ You may be entitled to $ 1,000 each time you ca n’t use something at a business because of your disability . ”
Advertisement
If someone in a wheelchair has been doing laundry once a month for a year at a laundromat where the paper - towel dispenser is too high , “ you ’re entitled to $ 12,000 , ” the lawyer advertises .
Serial litigants have cut a swath across the state , targeting family - run restaurants , boutiques , bowling alleys and wineries .
“ He might as well have had a gun and asked me for $ 1,000 when he came in , ” Paul Venetos , owner of Anaheim ’s Varsity Burgers , said of an April visit by Mundy that led to a lawsuit over a condiments counter that was half an inch too high .
The burger joint ’s security camera recorded Mundy wheeling in , looking around for a few minutes then leaving without perusing a menu or attempting to order , Venetos said .
He believes Mundy came in only to look for a chink in his ADA armor .
Advertisement
“ This hurts their cause , ” Venetos said of the disabled suing proprietors who are making good - faith efforts to meet ADA standards .
“ It ’s a bad thing to say , but you feel wary when you see someone come in who is handicapped , someone you ’ve never seen before .
You wonder if they are going to try to do something that is basically extortion . ”
Long Beach attorney Ted Batsakis has had four clients sued for ADA infractions over the past few months .
He calls the litigation “ an old Chicago - style shakedown . ”
Like his clients , Batsakis said the law would be more just if it gave businesses 30 or 60 days to fix the problems .
Absent that warning period , attorneys often advise their clients to pay the litigants a few thousand dollars to drop the suit , even if they believe they have n’t violated the law .
But some attorneys are less willing to capitulate .
Advertisement
When Mundy sued Culver City gas station owner Azizedin Taghizadeh in September , demanding $ 1,000 and attorney fees for each alleged violation encountered during a July 18 visit , attorney Bert Rogal decided to push back .
“ They ’re bottom feeders -- both of them , ” Rogal said of Mundy and Mehrban .
“ I really feel strongly about this , about these kinds of guerrilla tactics .
It ’s shameful , especially in this day and age when people are struggling to make a living . ”
Rogal accuses Mehrban of singling out immigrant business owners .
He vows to defeat Mundy ’s suit against his Iranian - born client , then sue Mehrban for malicious prosecution .
But Mehrban is n’t the only attorney making his living from ADA suits .
Lynn Hubbard III of Chico estimates he has filed 1,500 suits over the past decade , settling out of court 95 % of the time .
The Irvine law firm of Azimy - Nathan has filed at least 400 suits on behalf of six disabled clients over the past five years .
Advertisement
In San Francisco , attorney Thomas E. Frankovich handled many of serial litigant Jarek Molski ’s 400 suits before a federal judge in Los Angeles barred them from bringing more legal actions without court permission .
It was in Solvang , the faux - Danish village in the Santa Barbara wine country , that the litigious Molski met his Waterloo .
Rather than settling for $ 2,000 or $ 3,000 , the owners of the Mandarin Touch restaurant -- which serves waffles by day and Chinese food to the dinner crowd -- persuaded U.S. District Judge Edward Rafeedie to declare the Polish - born law school graduate a “ vexatious litigant ” and bar him from filing more suits in the seven - county Central District of California .
Molski , who has used a wheelchair since a 1988 motorcycle accident , appealed Rafeedie ’s order to the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals and the U.S. Supreme Court without success .
Advertisement
Even so , “ this issue is not dead .
It ’s coming back .
There are already others stepping into his shoes , ” said Frankovich , who faces disciplinary action before the State Bar of California .
Frankovich , Mehrban and Hubbard say lawsuits are the only means of enforcing compliance .
“ It does n’t make you a vexatious litigant just because you ’re doing good work for the disabled , ” Frankovich said .
Tom Hagerman is coming around to that way of thinking .
Advertisement
The Pasadena native descends gingerly from his white Dodge van , grimacing as he slowly lurches the length of the parking lot behind Shoppers Lane to show how far he has to walk from the disabled parking spaces to his weekly rendezvous at Hamburger Hamlet .
A 61 - year - old retired furniture manufacturer with multiple sclerosis , Hagerman walks with a cane but does n’t yet need a wheelchair -- a limited - mobility problem often overlooked in planning accommodations for the disabled , he said .
Hagerman would like to resolve his problems with the city without having to file a lawsuit .
But he ’s come to regard the Mr. Nice Guy approach as a failure .
“ I have to admit I ’ve gotten more sympathetic about these people whose first inclination is to sue , ” said Hagerman , who has been writing city officials for a year to complain about the parking layout behind the South Lake Avenue retail strip and in several municipal garages .
Advertisement
The city responded to his point about poor arrangement of the north lot by properly scattering the handicapped spots in the south lot when it was reconfigured earlier this year .
But officials have n’t budged from their refusal to fix the north lot , Hagerman said .
“ Both lots are in compliance .
They have the required number of handicapped spaces , ” said Bill Bortfeld , Pasadena parking manager .
He said the changes sought by Hagerman are n’t possible because the city must provide safe paths of travel from the disabled parking section to the sidewalk , and only a small number of paths can cross the lane carrying incoming traffic .
Hagerman has come to believe city officials are being spiteful because he complained .
“ It ’s almost as if when I made them comply [ on the south lot ] , they were saying , ‘ we ’ll do it but we ’re going to put them in a place where you ca n’t use them anyway , ’ ” Hagerman said .
He is now looking for a lawyer .
Advertisement
Mundy has learned the lingo of the successful suer .
He talks of “ instances of noncompliance ” rather than things out of reach .
He has his own definition of what constitutes “ reasonable accommodation ” if he needs help from a business owner to open a door or turn on a faucet .
He can identify “ readily achievable ” fixes for defective structures and offers a “ courtesy service ” of an ADA compliance inspection to businesses that want to be proactive , he said .
Physically fit from the occasional game of wheelchair tennis , Mundy ’s upper body is strong enough that he can lift himself and his wheelchair over short steps .
It is a skill he demonstrates for dramatic effect when he encounters obstacles , such as the raised plazas outside high - rises along Wilshire Boulevard or stairs to a second - floor cash register at a local car wash .
“ Sometimes I slide out of my wheelchair and drag myself up the steps , then pull my chair behind me , ” Mundy said with an impish smile .
In a diary he has begun keeping in the third person , he casts himself as an action figure serving others in need .
Advertisement
“ When it comes to access , watch out ! ” reads an entry he ’s titled Ramps of Gold .
“ He ’ll roll through your business with a keen eye for wheelchair compliance , from parking lots to wheelchair ramps to narrow doorways . ”
While Mundy and Mehrban have racked up out - of - court settlements in all but a few cases , they lost one in mid-December .
A lawyer for a Garden Grove Del Taco franchise -- one of a handful of Del Taco outlets Mundy has sued -- cast him before a jury as an abuser of laws intended to help the disabled .
“ The first thing he said was n’t even about Del Taco , it was about how ‘ Mr. Mundy can afford a Rolex watch , ’ and then he went after the number of lawsuits and the money I ’ve made in settlements , ” Mundy said , apparently baffled at the portrayal of his work as something other than noble .
“ I was n’t able to talk hardly at all about all the good things I ’ve done . ”
Advertisement
The setback wo n’t derail his quest to right ADA wrongs , though , Mundy said .
“ I ’m just going to write it off , ” he said .
“ We just have to figure out how to beat them at their own game . ”
--
carol.williams@latimes.com
A tree fungus could be used to power diesel cars after it was found to contain many similar properties to that of regular diesel fuel .
It is found in the Patagonian rainforest and is remarkably similar to the fuel in its natural state , meaning that it could be used directly in a modern diesel engine with virtually no modification .
" This is the only organism that has ever been shown to produce such an important combination of fuel substances , " said Gary Strobel , a plant scientist from Montana State University and lead researcher on the project , according to the Guardian .
" We were totally surprised to learn that it was making a plethora of hydrocarbons , " he added .
Living in a tree
The fungi , called Gliocladium roseum , were discovered growing inside a tree in the Patagonian rainforest and not only exhibits the same properties as diesel , but also eats the waste produced by biofuel production .
Although the project is still in its very early stages , the fungi could be used to dramatically improve the efficiency of biofuels production as well as providing a fuel source of its own .
" The results were totally unexpected and very exciting , and almost every hair on my arms stood on end , " said Strobel .
The results of the finding will be published in this month 's edition of the Microbiology journal .
In an article titled , “ Iraq Turns to Lie Detectors to Outsmart Al - Qaeda , ” Agence France Presse ( AFP ) reports on the graduation of the first class of U.S. Government - trained Iraqi polygraph operators .
But to outsmart Al - Qaeda , does n’t one need to be smarter than Al - Qaeda ?
As AntiPolygraph.org has documented , Al - Qaeda and Iraqi insurgents — unlike the U.S. and Iraqi governments — understand full well that the lie detector is a pseudoscientific sham .
See Al - Qaeda Documentation on Lie Detection and The Myth of the Lie Detector for the proof .
Iraq turns to lie detectors to outsmart Al - Qaeda BAGHDAD ( AFP ) —
Faced with infiltration of state organs by wily insurgents and Al - Qaeda jihadists , Iraq ’s government has turned to a detection method highly favoured by the United States — polygraphs .
The first eight officials of the defence and interior ministries to be trained by US experts in the use of sophisticated lie detection equipment graduated last month after a six - month course .
“ It is vital that we ensure that our employees in key services are trustworthy , ” General Hamier , of the national police force , said at a small graduation ceremony in Baghdad ’s highly - fortified Green Zone .
“ Until now we have made employees fill in questionnaires on paper , and then we questioned them .
It is very easy to lie .
But now ( with the new equipment ) that will be much more difficult , ” said Hamier .
Because polygraphy has no scientific basis to begin with and is vulnerable to simple countermeasures , it is not at all clear that it will be much more difficult for liars to get hired by the Iraqi government .
Making matters worse , polygraph screening is inherently biased against the most truthful persons and is likely to screen out the very kind of straight arrows the Iraqi government desperately needs .
Steven Bond , lead adviser of the US Intelligence Transition Team in Baghdad , cautioned that the jihadists had proved formidable foes .
“ Al - Qaeda has proved that they are very good with sleeper cells , to infiltrate people in sensitive positions , ” said Bond .
“ With these polygraphs , they ’ll be able to be sure that people are who they say they are , that they do n’t give away information they are not supposed to .
“ It ’s important for the vetting process , for hiring or investigations within the army or the police . ”
Yet somehow the democracies of Western Europe get by just fine without resorting to such pseudoscientific rituals as polygraph screening to vet their armies and police .
Steve Bond is a fool to suppose that polygraphy can be relied on for such purposes .
As the U.S. National Academy of Sciences warned , “ [ polygraph testing ’s ] accuracy in distinguishing actual or potential security violators from innocent test takers is insufficient to justify reliance on its use in employee security screening in federal agencies . ”
Tragically , the Bush Administration ( like previous administrations ) has completely disregarded the science on polygraphs .
The polygraph equipment comprises a small box with six sensors on one side and a simple laptop on the other .
It is made in Canada and costs 5,500 dollars .
Eight were sponsored by the Americans and Baghdad is to invest in more .
Two sensors on the chest record breathing and cardiac rhythm , one measures blood pressure , two are attached to the fingers of the left hand while the sixth is placed , like a flat cushion , beneath the buttocks of the person being interrogated .
If the polygraph instruments are from Canada , then they must be from Limestone Technologies , Canada ’s only polygraph manufacturer .
“ The basic human physiology is quite simple .
But you ca n’t control your heartbeat , or the sweat at your fingertips .
These sensors are very sensitive , you ca n’t beat them , ” said Daniel Sosnowski , an instructor from Dallas .
Daniel Sosnowski , who was awarded a $ 365,000 U.S. Government contract to provide eight polygraph instruments and six months of training to the Iraqis , is wrong .
While it is difficult to suppress one ’s heartbeat or palmar sweating , it is easy enough to covertly increase them at key points in the polygraph examination , thereby increasing the likelihood that one will pass — whether or not one is telling the truth .
For more on such techniques , see Chapter 4 of The Lie Behind the Lie Detector ( 1 mb PDF ) .
An American soldier volunteers for the demonstration .
He is harnessed to the lie detector in seconds .
He chooses a number between one and 10 ( seven ) .
Then the interrogator asks him to respond “ no ” each time he is asked , “ Did you choose number one ? ” , “ Did you choose number two ? ” — all the way up to number 10 .
The sensor monitoring the sweat on his fingers makes a blip on the screen when he answers “ no ” to number seven .
With all the other numbers it had remained constant .
“ If the interogee is trained to evade detection , we ’re trained also to look for his counter - measures .
There will be some , somewhere .
We ’re looking for distortions , and it ’s very difficult to fake , ” said Sosnowski .
“ Did you see the reaction on the seven ?
What would it be be with : ‘ Did you steal secret documents ? ”
Again , Sosnowski is wrong .
In laboratory experiments conducted by Charles R. Honts and collaborators , some 50 % of examinees who received a maximum of 30 minutes of training were able to fool the polygraph , and even experienced polygraphers could not detect the countermeasures .
Any Al - Qaeda members seeking to infiltrate the Iraqi ( or for that matter , the U.S. ) government will have much more than 30 minutes in which to prepare .
The fact of the matter is that no polygrapher has ever demonstrated any ability to detect the kinds of countermeasures outlined in The Lie Behind the Lie Detector .
The Iraqis would be wise not to don the Emperor ’s - new - clothing technology their American advisors have presented them .
( Fortune Magazine ) --
A couple of years ago , when Peter Schiff first began appearing regularly on TV to warn of an impending real estate collapse that would crash the U.S. economy and stock market , he was surprised and disappointed to find that he was rarely , if ever , approached by strangers in restaurants .
" I 'd walk down the streets of New York and figure , ' Gee , you know , I 'm on CNBC , CNN , ' " says the brash 45 - year - old president of brokerage Euro Pacific Capital .
" But nobody ever recognized me . "
Those days , as Schiff will triumphantly tell you , are over .
Perhaps no market soothsayer has had his profile raised higher over the past six months .
As one of the few talking heads who loudly , relentlessly , and more or less accurately sounded the alarm about the mortgage bubble and its consequences - in the process becoming the latest bearish commentator to earn the moniker " Dr. Doom " - Schiff has suddenly emerged as a cult hero and something of a minor celebrity .
Recently he 's even gone viral .
One ten -minute video on YouTube that 's packed with some of his " greatest hits " - with , for instance , clips of Schiff predicting a brutal recession and massive credit crunch while prominent debate partners , such as writer and actor Ben Stein and former Reagan economic advisor Art Laffer , make what now sound like laughably optimistic counterarguments - has been viewed just over a million times at last count .
But the evidence of his popularity hardly ends there .
An admirer has launched a tribute website that compiles his written commentaries and weekly radio broadcasts .
There 's a Facebook page pushing him as a Senate candidate in Connecticut for 2010 .
Both of the books he 's published in the past couple of years are in the top five of Amazon 's list of investing bestsellers .
" And I do get recognized now , " says Schiff excitedly .
" In the health club .
In restaurants .
The other day I called Cablevision to switch my service , and the guy says , ' This is n't the Peter Schiff from CNN , is it ?
I 'm a big fan ! ' "
While Schiff 's mood has gotten a boost from his newfound fame and enhanced status , his outlook for the U.S. economy has only grown grimmer while watching the federal government throw unprecedented amounts of capital into circulation to prop up banks and car companies .
A response , he likes to point out , that he also predicted .
" I 'm as negative as I 've ever been , " he says , " because everything the government is doing now is going to make the situation much , much worse .
They 're trying to reflate this bubble .
All along I knew that what would potentially be fatal was n't the recession itself but the government 's response .
But what they 've already done exceeds even my worst - case imagination . "
' Ponzi economy '
As he outlined in 2007 in his first book , Crash Proof : How to Profit From the Coming Economic Collapse , Schiff believes that the U.S. economy has become dangerously and unsustainably dependent on consumption - fueled by trillions of dollars borrowed mainly from Asian countries like Japan and China .
" We have an economy that 's based on the same principles as Bernie Madoff 's investments , " he says .
" It 's a Ponzi economy .
It 's not real .
We do n't save and we do n't produce anything anymore .
We simply borrow from the rest of the world , and then we spend it .
We 've had a giant party .
We bought all these plasma TVs and iPods .
We remodeled our houses and took vacations .
But you know what ?
The bills are coming in . "
Schiff is predicting a wicked post - party hangover .
He sees a multiyear recession ahead marked by rampant inflation , a steadily weakening dollar , soaring commodities prices , slumping U.S. stock indexes , and falling wages .
Last year Schiff was an economic advisor to the presidential campaign of libertarian Congressman Ron Paul of Texas .
Like Paul , Schiff is an adherent of the Austrian school of economics , which advocates a laissez - faire approach .
And Schiff 's prescription for how the U.S. can dig out of our current mess comes straight out of the libertarian playbook :
Shrink the government radically , cancel all bailouts immediately , take plenty of tough medicine , and let the free market do its job - however harsh it may be for , say , autoworkers in the meantime .
It 's no surprise that Schiff grew up with an unconventional outlook .
His father , Irwin Schiff , is a well - known longtime tax protester who has published several books arguing the illegality of federal taxes .
The elder Schiff , 80 , is currently serving 13 years in federal prison for various tax crimes .
" My dad has basically taken a certain principled stance , and unfortunately to his detriment , " says Schiff .
While expressing sympathy for many of his father 's views , he acknowledges the futility of his crusade .
" I pay my taxes , " he says .
Schiff attended college at the University of California at Berkeley - not the obvious choice for a rabid free - marketer .
After graduating in 1987 , he found his way to a job as a broker at Shearson Lehman .
Schiff did okay there financially , he says , but he never meshed well with his bosses .
He also says it bothered him that actually making money for clients seemed to be a secondary priority to racking up commissions or pushing hot stocks .
In 1996 he and a partner bought an existing broker - dealer business and renamed it Euro Pacific Capital .
Operating out of a small office in Los Angeles , Schiff spent those early days cold - calling potential clients with warnings about a growing bubble in tech stocks .
In 2005 he moved his headquarters to Darien , Conn .
Currently Euro Pacific has just over 60 brokers in six offices around the country , and it recently had about $ 1 billion of clients ' money invested .
But Schiff is moving to capitalize on both his new guru status and the chaos on Wall Street .
He has applied to become a licensed investment advisor so that he can actively manage clients ' money for the first time , and he 's hiring analysts to begin generating independent research .
Schiff 's current investment advice is the same as it has been for years :
Get your money out of the U.S. dollar and into more fundamentally sound currencies like the Swiss franc or the Singapore dollar ; buy some precious metals ; and buy foreign , dividend - paying stocks , with an emphasis on natural - resources companies .
Ironically , though , the year that Schiff became a star prognosticator on TV was also one of the worst periods ever for his clients .
In most cases the foreign markets he likes got hit even harder than the U.S. in 2008 ( Australia 's ASX 200 , for instance , fell 41.3 % , vs. 38.5 % for the S&P 500 ) , and even more surprising to Schiff , the U.S. dollar rallied strongly as investors rushed to the perceived safety of Treasuries .
It would be wrong to think that Schiff is doubting himself or his advice , however .
" None of this shocks me , " he says .
" Oftentimes in the short run markets are irrational .
And my problem has always been that I see things too clearly and too far in advance .
Other people do n't understand what I do , so the markets might not validate what I 'm saying right away .
But they will eventually .
In the end the fundamentals are going to prevail , just as they did in the housing market . "
Spoken like a true prophet of doom .
The Israeli army 's chief rabbinate gave soldiers preparing to enter the Gaza Strip a booklet implying that all Palestinians are their mortal enemies and advising them that cruelty is sometimes a " good attribute " .
The booklet , entitled Go Fight My Fight : A Daily Study Table for the Soldier and Commander in a Time of War , was published especially for Operation Cast Lead , the devastating three - week campaign launched with the stated aim of ending rocket fire against southern Israel .
The publication draws on the teachings of Rabbi Shlomo Aviner , head of the Jewish fundamentalist Ateret Cohanim seminary in Jerusalem .
In one section , Rabbi Aviner compares Palestinians to the Philistines , a people depicted in the Bible as a war - like menace and existential threat to Israel .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In another , the army rabbinate appears to be encouraging soldiers to disregard the international laws of war aimed at protecting civilians , according to Breaking the Silence , the group of Israeli ex-soldiers who disclosed its existence .
The booklet cites the renowned medieval Jewish sage Maimonides as saying that " one must not be enticed by the folly of the Gentiles who have mercy for the cruel " .
Breaking the Silence is calling for the firing of the chief military rabbi , Brigadier - General Avi Ronzki , over the booklet .
The army had no comment on the matter yesterday .
Rabbi Arik Ascherman , the executive director of the Rabbis for Human Rights group , called the booklet " very worrisome " , adding " [ this is ] a minority position in Judaism that does n't understand the ... necessity of distinguishing between combatants and civilians . "
Last night ’s Top Ten List was : Top Ten Highlights Of My Hall of Fame Baseball Career presented by Jim Rice and Rickey Henderson :
10 ) “ Winning the MVP in 1978 , and a Tony in 1983 ” ( Jim Rice )
9 ) “ I designed the first vibrating jockstrap ” ( Rickey Henderson )
8 ) “ During the 1981 season I lost my glove and played an entire west coast trip using a small box ”
( Jim Rice )
7 ) “ All the free gum ” ( Rickey Henderson )
6 ) “ I caught a squirrel in the outfield and the umps let me eat it ” ( Jim Rice )
5 ) “ Being a Met , a Blue Jay , a Padre , a Dodger … Hell , even I ca n’t remember all the teams I played for ” ( Rickey Henderson )
4 ) “ Before every game , I ate the same meal : pancakes smothered in pine tar ”
( Jim Rice )
3 ) “ Sleeping with Madonna ” ( Rickey Henderson )
2 ) “ Sleeping with Madonna ” ( Jim Rice )
1 ) “ I played with Jose Canseco and never got to inject anything in his ass ” ( Rickey Henderson )
Apple Computer and the Church of Satan
Soon after the birth of this website in January 1999 c.e. , we decided to make a tribute to the company that manufactures the computers and the operating system which we love — Apple Computer .
AdWeek 's Parody of the Year 2001
So , to this end we were inspired by Apple ’s advertising campaign which featured images of famous individuals , all of whom had a hand in changing the direction of the thoughts of their contemporaries .
Specifically , each image was a black and white photograph of one such personage .
Over that backgound was superimposed one of the “ rainbow ” Apple logos , along with the ungrammatical , but catchy , phrase , “ Think different . ”
Therefore , since the Church of Satan is an organization which was founded on the premise of supporting thought that moves beyond herd strictures , and as the man who founded the organization and its philosophy of creative iconoclasm , Anton Szandor LaVey , was an ardent supporter and exclusive user of Apple Computer ’s products and services — he owned a classic Mac , a Performa , a desktop Power Macintosh , and several PowerBooks — we thought that it would be more than appropriate to make a gentle parody of Apple ’s ad campaign .
By using an image of LaVey and super - imposing the logo and “ Think Different ” phrase , we arrived at a perfect tribute to Apple Computer ’s products and their alleged support of iconoclasm .
Additionally , we came across a web site , Made With Macintosh , that encouraged support of Apple Computer by offering “ web badges ” which contained the phrase “ Made with Macintosh , ” as well as one of Apple ’s logos .
Their site instructed those who had made sites on an Apple computer , particularly those with outstanding content , to prominently display any of the badges which they offer , as well as the option of creating one ’s own badge , so long as the badge was linked back to their site .
We felt that our participation in this program was certainly appropriate , as www.churchofsatan.com was generated entirely on a Macintosh computer , and it had been recognized with an award by AvatarSearch .
We proudly included , beneath our tribute / parody — which was linked to Apple Computer ’s official website — a “ Made with Macintosh ” web badge .
And so these remained until today , 6 February , 2001 .
During the two years that these items were on our site , we received no complaints from anyone who stopped by to take a look .
In fact , visitors asked if there might be a poster available of our parody ( we answered in the negative ) and some even expressed to us that they thought it a pity that Apple Computer itself had not had the “ testicular fortitude ” to have used the image of American religious pioneer Anton Szandor LaVey in their actual campaign .
We did receive one note of complaint , not from a visitor to our site but from a law firm representing Apple computer , claiming trademark infringement .
We replied in detail , explaining the above , and we did not hear back from them for over a year .
We recently received an e-mail , a more complete fax transmission , as well as a hard copy via snail - mail from the law firm Arent Fox with a new complaint , not quite identical to the earlier mail received from a different law firm .
We have below reproduced our reply that was sent as a faxed document and it quotes the pertinent text from their complaint .
28 December , 2000 c.e. FAX TRANSMISSION Total Pages : 4 To : Ms. Jessica M. Brody of Arent , Fox , Kintner , Plotkin & Kahn , PLLC Fax # : XXX - XXX - XXXX
Copies sent to : Blanche Barton , Church of Satan / Steve Jobs , Apple Computer Re : Alleged Trademark Dilution , Attorney Number 1227 , Client / Matter Number 021023-00016 Dear Ms. Brody : Today , I am in receipt of both a fax and an e-mail claiming to originate with you .
The contents of each are not identical , your e-mail message being in error regarding the contents of our site , so I shall instead address your faxed communication , which more accurately reports the graphics which we display .
Also , please note the new e-mail address at lower left , as the one you used today will be terminated at the end of December .
I quote from your letter :
It has recently come to our attention that you are displaying a MADE WITH MACINTOSH badge and logo and a THINK DIFFERENT badge and logo on your web site at www.churchofsatan.com.
Apple believes that your use of the made with macintosh and think different badges in this manner is likely to tarnish the goodwill associated with the APPLE Marks , and constitutes dilution in violation of the Federal Anti-Dilution Act .
Additionally , Apple believes that your use of the MADE WITH MACINTOSH and THINK DIFFERENT badeges also violates the terms of your license agreement with Apple for use of these badges .
To begin , the site in question , The Official Website of the Church of Satan ( www.churchofsatan.com), was designed and maintained by myself , Peter H. Gilmore , but it belongs to the Church of Satan , a corporate entity .
I am its designated webmaster .
I am also a proud user of Macintosh computers .
First allow me to examine the issue of the MADE WITH MACINTOSH web badge .
The badge , which includes the phrase “ Made with Macintosh ” as well as a rainbow colored Apple logo , was obtained at the Made with Macintosh site ( URL : www-tech.mit.edu/Projects /Macmade /) and is used on the Church of Satan site according to the guidelines Made with Macintosh has published regarding the use of this badge .
Specifically they state that it be displayed on a web page created by a Macintosh computer ( it is ) and that the badge be linked back to their site ( and it is so linked ) .
Let me quote from their FAQ : Made with Macintosh Frequently Asked Questions
Why did we make this page ?
Our goal is to promote the fact that the best web pages out there have been made on Macintosh systems .
We feel that the user community is unaware of the dominance and power of Macintosh systems in this field .
Both through its ease of use and its power the Macintosh allows designers to create more interesting and involving sites .
The efficiency which Macintoshes give to site design , creation and maintenance translate into better , more expansive sites that are updated more regularly than average sites .
These sites also usually have a level of professional detail not seen on other sites .
Why should I put the badge on my web site ?
What do I gain as a developer ?
Making people more aware of how dominant the Macintosh is in the creation of web pages means software developers will allocate greater amounts of their time and resource towards developing software for our market .
Look at the situation with Netscape plug -ins right now .
Many of the plug-ins are available only for Wintel machines .
If you Íre a Mac developer , are you likely to use these ?
No .
You use plug-ins that are available for Mac .
If developers become more aware of this , we will start seeing Macintosh plug-ins and software before Wintel versions .
And from the Made with Macintosh main page is this invitation :
Show the world your page was “ Made with Macintosh ” by adding one of our badges .
Our page was indeed created with a Macintosh computer using the Mac OS .
It has also been recognized by peers as a site deserving an award for excellence in design .
The site was launched on 1 January of 1999 , and in March of that year we won an award , The AvatarSearch Mystic Site of the Web Award .
Let me quote the explanation from AvatarSearch Ís site ( emphasis added ) : The AvatarSearch Mystic Site of the Web Award exists exclusively for the benefit of the Occult Community on the Internet .
Its sole purpose is to provide a means of recognition for a Web Site ’s Achievement and service to the Occult community worldwide .
This section is more than just a list of links .
These Award Winning Web Sites are among the very finest of an Occult nature on the Internet .
All of the sites listed here have proven to demonstrate both Excellence in Design and provide an important resource to Mystics and Occultists Worldwide .
No preference is given to any specific Occult Tradition ( Eastern or Western , Oral or Written ) as the primary concern is what these sites have offered and the way in which it is presented .
Considering the above , I feel , as a proud supporter of Apple Computer , that I agree with the stated goals of the Made with Macintosh site and thus should participate in their program .
I thus included included their web badge on the Church of Satan site in complete accordance with their guidelines , which demonstrates that this award - winning site was created on a Macintosh .
You claim that our use of this badge “ constitutes dilution in violation of the Federal Anti-Dilution Act . ”
Please detail how this is so ?
Dilution , as I understand it , is an issue wherein a mark / graphic is used that is akin to one already trademarked and well - known but which is used for some other product or service which thus can cause confusion in people ’s minds regarding the existing and well - known trademark .
That is not the case here .
We have not generated any graphics which are similar to Apple ’s logos for the purpose of misdirecting people to some other product or service , nor have we in any way attempted to confuse people regarding these graphics .
As is explained in the FAQ quoted above , the graphic is precisely one of Apple ’s logos which directly and proudly points towards Apple Computer itself — it thus does not dilute the mark .
You also claim that our “ use of the MADE WITH MACINTOSH badge also violates the terms of [ our ] license agreement with Apple for use of these badges . ”
Since this badge originates with the Made with Macintosh site and is used in accordance with their guidelines , I suspect that it should be up to them to ascertain that these are not in violation of their terms and license agreement with Apple before offering them to the public .
Have you approached the Made with Macintosh site to have its activities curtailed ?
I would like to know if you have also approached any of the numerous other sites which use the badges from the Made with Macintosh site as a means for showing support for Apple Computer ?
I noted among those registered there , amidst the many personal , business , and school sites , one for the Burnt Store Presbyterian Church ( www.helbing.net/bspc) promoting their religion and one called WICCA ( www.angelfire.com/ak/lovelylight/index.html) promoting a neo -pagan religion .
If you have not also contacted them , why then have you chosen to exclusively censor the use of this badge on our site which promotes understanding of a minority religion ?
Essentially , if we are the only site contacted by your firm among those participating in the Made with Macintosh campaign to support Apple Computer , then this would seem to be a case of discrimination .
Does Apple Computer wish to make it a practice to discriminate against a minority religious group ?
And you should understand that we are a legally recognized religious organization which is noted in the US Army Department of Chaplains Handbook ( both in print and in their online version at https://www-cgsc.army.mil/chap/relpractice/other/satan.htm ) .
If the Made for Macintosh site initiates a change in policies and guidelines , then we too shall comply with the policy changes made by the Made with Macintosh site , as I suspect would all the other sites who also participate in this program .
In brief , we are using the badge as are many other sites ; if you think we need to stop , then this should justly apply to all other sites who participate .
Your firm , in representing Apple Computer , contends that our “ use of the MADE WITH MACINTOSH badge in this manner is likely to tarnish the goodwill associated with the APPLE Marks ” ?
If so , please explain how it is likely to do so , when , as noted above , there are numerous sites which use this and similar badges provided by Made with Macintosh in the very same manner .
Additionally , might you explain in what manner this badge may be used which you think will not be likely to “ tarnish the goodwill associated with the APPLE Marks . ”
Now to examine the second graphic on our website which you find objectionable .
Above the “ Made with Macintosh ” badge , I placed a parody of one of Apple Computer ’s advertisements in the style of the “ Think Different ” campaign which I created .
This campaign ’s print ads each consisted of a black and white photo of an iconoclastic figure from Western Society , upon which was superimposed the short phrase “ Think Different . ”
There was also a rainbow - colored version of the familiar Apple logo superimposed on the photograph as well .
My parody consisted of taking a black and white photo of the founder of the Church of Satan , Anton Szandor LaVey , over which I superimposed the phrase “ Think Different , ” as well as the rainbow - colored Apple logo .
Additionally , if one clicks on this image , it is linked to Apple Computer ’s website , which I think serves to prevent dilution of these Apple Marks .
Now , visitors to our site who have commented on this graphic have appreciated that it is intended as a parody , and I ’ve received a good deal of response from people who have told me that they enjoyed the humor of this image .
Anton LaVey , who died in 1997 , was truly an iconoclastic figure in American religion , founding the Church of Satan in 1966 , which is a world famous and a worldwide organization .
Perhaps you have n’t read any of the material on our website ?
If you did , you would discover that the Church of Satan was formed as a means for gathering together fellow iconoclasts and free - thinkers who felt that the tyranny of Christianity and other spiritual religions was oppressive to the animal nature of humanity .
Satan is used not to mean the devil of Christian mythology , rather we return to the original Hebrew etymology of this word which is a title for one who is “ an adversary , an opposer , one whose duty it is to question . ”
In short , the essence of Satanism is to “ think differently ” from the herd , to question the status quo , and to blaze a trail toward finding one Ís own solutions .
Not unlike the stated goals behind Apple Computer .
Is it that we “ think too different ” for your client ?
Our philosophy champions innovators , not imitators , and that is why , when Apple Computer launched their Macintosh in 1984 , it became the computer of choice for Mr. LaVey .
He exclusively used Apple Computers up to his death , and was proud to own Powerbooks , a Performa , and several desktop Macintosh computers .
And Mr. LaVey ’s choice of Macintosh has had a strong influence on those attracted to his philosophy , such that most of the highly creative members of the Church of Satan have also made their commitment to using products made by Apple Computer .
Thus , Anton Szandor LaVey has helped Apple to make hundreds of sales of their equipment to our worldwide membership .
Also , regarding the concept of fair use of copyrighted material , please note the following ( emphasis added ) : The 1961 Report of the Register of Copyrights on the General Revision of the U.S. Copyright Law cites examples of activities that courts have regarded as fair use : “ quotation of excerpts in a review or criticism for purposes of illustration or comment ; quotation of short passages in a scholarly or technical work , for illustration or clarification of the author 's observations ; use in a parody of some of the content of the work parodied ; summary of an address or article , with brief quotations , in a news report ; reproduction by a library of a portion of a work to replace part of a damaged © reproduction by a teacher or student of a small part of a work to illustrate a lesson ; reproduction of a work in legislative or judicial proceedings or reports ; incidental and fortuitous reproduction , in a newsreel or broadcast , of a work located in the scene of an event being reported . ”
Thus , it seems from the above passage that it is allowable for us to parody your client ’s ad campaign since we only use some of the content of the work being parodied ( the Apple logo and the “ Think Different ” phrase from the ad campaign , not any of the black and white photographic images ) .
If you think otherwise , please explain and cite legal precedents to defend your position .
The parodic nature of this would also seem to move it beyond the other claims you make against this image .
Considering the material which I have presented above , it seems to me that we are not using the above mentioned badges and logos in a manner that constitutes dilution .
The THINK DIFFERENT logo is incorporated into what is a parody , and since the particular manner in which we use the Made with Macintosh badge is consistent with the manner in which it is used on numerous other websites which participate in the program offered by the Made with Macintosh site , the overall claim of “ dilution ” does not appear to stand up to scrutiny .
You have not elucidated how the particular manner in which we use this badge tarnishes the “ goodwill associated with APPLE Marks , ” so I would be pleased to address this issue if you would explain in detail what you perceive to be the error of our manner of usage and what you would consider to be a proper manner for their use .
To repeat , our parody of the “ Think Different ” ad is , to my knowledge , within our rights to create and display , and the gentle mockery and good humor of this has been noted by many who visit our site , which has thus in our experience brought additional public goodwill towards APPLE Marks , not a tarnishing of them .
We , as proud users of Apple products , are doing our best to support Apple Computer , as we have done in the past through word of mouth .
The question you may need to answer is : “ Why does Apple Computer accept many grassroots efforts by the proud users of their products , yet in this case seems to be attempting to silence our efforts to be part of this support by claiming that we may be tarnishing the claimed goodwill supposedly associated with APPLE Marks and products ? ”
If your reasoning stems from Apple ’s possible prejudicial judgments against the philosophies of the Church of Satan , I would like to point out that the lawyers from the American Civil Liberties Union who have worked with us on cases of religious discrimination would perhaps find this to be a matter worthy of their attention .
Also , it occurs to me that this issue may also be of interest to other users of Macintosh products , and the Church of Satan has access to many journalists in all forms of media who might find this particular exchange to be newsworthy .
And finally , as an individual who has long campaigned to support Apple Computer amongst my colleagues in web and print media , I find your letter to be one which diminishes my respect for a company which has previously held my esteem as one of the true forces for free - thought and innovation currently active in today ’s marketplace of ideas and technology .
Sincerely , Magister Peter H. Gilmore
Church of Satan
Webmaster : www.churchofsatan.com
After sending this response we had to wait over a month for a reply from this attorney .
Examining the e-mail response , I noted that the points made previously had been ignored , and instead a new , seemingly contradictory , approach has been taken which now includes the information that Apple Computer has been receiving complaints about our site .
This is addressed in my response below , sent on February 6 , 2001 c.e. , which contains the complete text of the attorney ’s reply , which is shown via indented text .
Dear Ms. Brody :
This letter is in response to your December 28 , 2000 letter concerning your organization ’s use of the MADE WITH MACINTOSH badge and logo and the THINK DIFFERENT badge and logo on your web site at https://www.churchofsatan.com.
I must note at the outset that your response , which I note was over a month in coming , fails to deal with the points made in my response of 1/28/2000 to you , which I shall address directly in the due course of this e-mail .
Apple is the owner of numerous famous trademarks and service marks including , without limitation , MACINTOSH , APPLE , THINK DIFFERENT and MADE WITH MACINTOSH ( collectively , “ APPLE Marks ” ) .
A current list of Apple ’s trademarks may be found at https://www.apple.com/legal/publictmlist.html.
Apple strictly enforces the extent and use of its famous trademarks , and has published guidelines for use of its marks on its web site at https://www.apple.com/legal/default.html#tm.
Additionally , Apple has developed a technology web badge program through which it provides a limited license to users for several of Apple ’s trademarks .
The official Apple web badges and associated Guidelines and License may be found on Apple ’s web site at https://www.apple.com/about/webbadges/index.html.
You will note that Apple ’s THINK DIFFERENT logo is not one of the trademarks licensed through the web badge program .
None of which has been disputed .
We are in the process of reviewing the above suggested materials , as well as conferring with legal counsel .
As indicated in your December 28 , 2000 letter , your web badges were improperly obtained from the “ Made with Macintosh ” site located at https://www.tech.mit.edu/Projects/Macmade.
Please define “ improperly obtained . ”
The badges are offered by Made with Macintosh to anyone who uses a Macintosh to create their innovative websites .
As very carefully explained and documented to you in my previous letter , we indeed suit these “ Made with Macintosh ” guidelines and thus chose to participate in Made with Macintosh ’ s program of “ grassroots support of Apple Computer . ”
So your phrase “ improperly obtained ” does not seem , as far as I can see , to be related to the actual means by which I obtained these .
If you are intending to say , but failing to do so with clarity , that Made with Macintosh has improperly obtained these badges , and then they “ improperly ” offer them to we unsuspecting Macintosh enthusiasts , then I suggest that you communicate this to them .
I have apprised them of your correspondence with me and I am awaiting their response .
If indeed Made with Macintosh is distributing these badges in violation of Apple Computer ’s expressed intentions , then we agree that such badges should be removed from all websites currently displaying them .
Have you approached other sites currently participating in this program with a request to remove these badges ?
You should understand that if the site I have designed is singled out as the only one which is not allowed by Apple Computer to use badges offered by this Made with Macintosh program , in which hundreds of sites currently participate including those presenting both Christian and Pagan beliefs , then you are demonstrably acting in a discriminatory manner against the minority religion which I represent , and I will not hesitate to make this quite clear to the public at large — both Mac users and non-Mac users .
You are apparently unaware that the Church of Satan does not engage in nor does it condone illegal activities , and the same held true for its founder Anton Szandor LaVey , and in fact both support a society governed by law and order .
Our philosophical roots include such champions of individualism as Nietzsche , Twain , and Benjamin Franklin .
Anton LaVey himself said of another American pioneer , Martin Luther King , Jr. , “ A man like that belongs on a pedestal . ” ( page 197 , Popular Witchcraft by John Fritscher , The Citadel Press , 1973 ) .
Additionally , the Church of Satan does not discriminate based on gender , race , or sexual orientation , and was in fact one of the first Western religions to express complete acceptance of gay and lesbian members , many of whom have held positions of respect in our organization from its inception in 1966 .
Those who are prejudiced against our philosophy have tried to smear us with falsehoods , but then such has often been the case in our society when a new religion presents ideas that may be seen as disturbing to the status quo .
We do indeed “ Think different , ” but in a way that promotes individual excellence and freedom of thought .
We advocate a form of “ productive rebellion ” which is often demonstrated through the creation of works of music , art , film , literature , and poetry .
One of our axiomatic premises is that all great inventors and innovators were at first considered to be blasphemous and thus shunned by their contemporaries .
You should be aware that this web site is not an official Apple web site , nor is it otherwise affiliated with Apple .
Consequently , the web badges you are publishing and distributing on your web site are unauthorized copies of Apple ’s official web badges and / or counterfeit copies of Apple ’s famous trademarks and logos .
The above paragraph is unclear to me .
Please restate it so I may precisely understand your position .
Are you trying to say that the web badges which I am displaying , which came from Made with Macintosh , are unauthorized copies ?
Are you saying that they have made “ counterfeit copies of Apple ’s famous trademarks and logos ” ?
If so , as asked above , are you also approaching them and ordering that they cease and desist in what you allege to be distributing of unauthorized or counterfeit web badges / logos ?
Thus , by persisting in displaying and distributing these unauthorized and counterfeit web badges , you and your organization are in violation of the federal trademark laws .
Please demonstrate to me that you have ordered Made with Macintosh to cease and desist with their distribution of these allegedly counterfeit badges and have made efforts to halt the use of these badges by the many sites now participating in the Made with Macintosh program of Apple support .
I am not “ distributing ” them , from my understanding of that term , merely displaying them for the enlightenment of those who view our website , but perhaps we need to define this term .
If we are being singled out as the only participant of this program to be so asked to remove these badges , then , as stated above , I will bring this matter before the public .
Let us consider the resultant publicity which will arise through this demonstration of what would appear to be hypocrisy on the part of Apple Computer .
When one contrasts Apple ’s prior advocation , via an advertising campaign , that it is a positive act to “ think different , ” with their current desire , as evidenced by the efforts of your legal office , to apparently regulate just “ how different , ” I posit that one might expect a rather negative response from the majority of users of Apple products and services , whom I suspect are basically classically liberal - minded individuals who were attracted not only to Apple ’s technology , but to their stated philosophy of support for iconoclasm .
With respect to any properly authorized Apple web badges , the Apple license agreement states that “ [ y ] ou may not use the Badge or any Apple trademark on a Web page which contains subject matter which Apple may deem , at its sole discretion , in poor taste or to be disparaging to Apple or its products or services . ” [ 1 ]
Furthermore , Apple ’s trademark license is “ revocable at Apple ’s sole discretion . ”
This seems to contradict what you stated above .
If these badges are counterfeit and not authorized ( and as such , I ’ve pointed out the Made with Macintosh site is the distributor of these items in question and thus you should be approaching them ) , then I must ask how you can revoke an authorization you claim above does not exist ?
Also , please state very specifically what subject matter on our website is now being deemed by Apple Computer as being in poor taste ?
It is a site established for the presentation of the philosophy of the Church of Satan which also serves to dispell misconceptions or deliberate distortions of our unique perspective on the human species .
Our support of Apple computer , as I have explained in detail in my previous letter , is not an effort to disparage Apple or its products or services .
It is a sincere effort at advocation of Apple Computer .
However , once this exchange we are having is brought before the public , I am of the opinion that the positions you are taking on behalf of Apple Computer will perhaps work to disparage the reputation of the company which you are here representing . [ 2 ]
Apple has received multiple complaints regarding your use of Apple ’s trademarks and logos , I respectfully request to know the number of complaints and from what manner of people they are coming .
Have you in any way attempted to investigate the complaints ?
Do you simply accept them at face value ?
Since we are an organization established to challenge the norm , encouraging different thought as a value to be cherished , it follows that we have detractors , those we would view as being reactionaries who wish to maintain a status quo of conformity .
It is this type who would harass us , and by sending in complaints to Apple they may feel that this is a way to somehow attack our organization .
I suggest that such complaints are authored by individuals who do not understand our philosophy and are thus inspired by prejudice and bigotry .
Therefore , I am disappointed that Apple Computer would submit to pressure coming from what I think to be clear acts of religious intolerance .
I and others might ask “ Where did Apple Computer ’s support of ‘ The Outsider ’ go ? ”
Was that all merely an effort to market products to people who want to give themselves the illusion that they are somehow revolutionary , and not an actual support of those who are pioneering in fields of human endeavor ?
As I stated before , the philosophy of the Church of Satan is about individual liberty , resistance to entrenched authority , and an evolutionary state of iconoclasm .
Does Apple Computer now shrink from the advocacy of those who truly “ think different ” ?
and has determined that your continued use of Apple ’s trademarks may be deemed disparaging to Apple or its products or services .
I submit that “ Deemed disparaging by whom ? ” is a pertinent question which you have not explored .
If bigots feel this way , is it not cowardly of Apple to submit to this pressure ?
If this was Germany of the mid 1930 ’s , and web and Apple technology existed , and our site was one promoting Judaism with a nod towards the superiority of Apple products and services , would Apple Computer have gone along with complaints from supporters or members of the Nazi regime , who clearly would deem Jewish support of Apple as “ disparaging ” and demand such support to cease ?
Pursuant to the terms of the license agreement , Apple has therefore revoked any license it may have previously granted to you to use its trademarks .
This also seems rather unclear to me .
Please state quite precisely what license , and under what circumstance , you “ may have previously granted ” it , which you are now revoking .
Based on the foregoing , we ask that you remove the unauthorized MADE WITH MACINTOSH and THINK DIFFERENT badges from your web site , The Church of Satan is always willing to comply with applicable laws , and thus for the present we will remove the “ Made with Macintosh ” badge as well as our parody of the “ Think Different ” advertisement which contains a rainbow Apple logo .
However , we are continuing to explore the issues which I have raised in this and my previous letter to which you have not yet responded .
and any other reference to Apple or its famous marks .
I would like to point out that this is still the United States of America .
As I understand the situation , I am perfectly within my rights to make references to “ Apple Computer or its famous marks . ”
I may , under the law , parody materials produced by this company which has hired you to represent it , which I clearly pointed out in my previous letter and which point you did not address .
I may also post or otherwise publish an essay or editorial detailing these exchanges with you as a representative of Apple computer , and I may choose to speak with journalists and whomsoever else I might deem proper “ in reference ” to Apple Computer .
We further request that you confirm in writing by February 6 , 2001 that the material has been removed from your web site .
We appreciate your prompt cooperation in this matter .
As stated above , I will remove on February 6 the “ Made With Macintosh ” badge , as it seems quite possible that Made with Macintosh is distributing these contrary to Apple Computer ’s wishes , and the parody which contains the Apple logo / slogan .
However , it remains to be seen if further research will establish whether we may rightfully restore these to our site .
Sincerely , Jessica M. Brodey cc : Apple Computer , Inc. Anthony V. Lupo , Esq. Fabricio Vayra , Esq . [ 1 ]
Apple Technology Web Badge Trademark License https://www.apple.com/about/webbadges/badges6.html. [ 2 ]
Id .
Sincerely , Magister Peter H. Gilmore
Council of Nine
Church of Satan
This exchange has definitely soured us on some of the taste of Apple , and we have decided to pull the disputed materials .
However , it should be noted that subsequently Adweek Magazine deemed this image “ Ad Parody of the Year ” and published it in their pages where it was viewed by their numerous readers .
I also discussed this correspondence on TechTV and in radio and print media .
And we received a flood of email supporting our position from both fans and critics of the efforts of Apple .
We are sincerely disappointed in discovering what we consider to be bigotry on the part of Apple Computer , even though we still think they make hardware and software that does excel in the area of rationality , design , and ease of use .
It is also amusing to us that this company uses as a corporate logo an apple with a bite taken from it , which certainly appears to be a reference to that other famous apple .
We have not forgotten that forbidden fruit , which would impart knowledge of Good and Evil , offered to Eve in that mythical garden by none other than the serpent , an avatar of Satan himself .
Is it not then strange that they seem to fear the admiration of the Church of Satan ?
As Anton LaVey himself would have said , “ They want to dance , but their feet wo n’t let them . ”
One of the pursuits of Satanists is to point out hypocrisy wherever it has entrenched itself , and so we have presented this page .
Apple Computer , through the “ Think Different ” advertising campaign , seemed to be celebrating the lives and ideas of revolutionary individuals .
I suspect that some consumers may have bought Apple products , feeling that this company supported people who strive to present their own points of view ; such consumers might even have counted themselves , to a lesser degree , as being that type of person .
They may have thus felt it was proper to use products manufactured by a company which shared their vision .
We now present this material which we think will shatter that illusion ; Apple seems to be shying away from contemporary ideas which upset the status quo .
So if you are currently viewing the world through rose - colored glasses ( or perhaps lenses in the shades of graphite , indigo , key lime , ruby , sage , or snow , with frames wrought of purest titanium ) , then now might be the time to remove them and take another look .
View with fresh perspective that company which introduced its Macintosh using a lengthy commercial dramatizing an athletic young woman smashing the gray visage of an Orwellian dictator on a video screen .
She burst through the ragged , shuffling hordes , a vision of Satanic splendor , and refused to submit to conformity .
If we were making this again today , that young woman might be wearing a Sigil of Baphomet , the face on the screen could be that of Steve Jobs , and Apple ’s lawyers might be huddling amongst the masses , only moving away from the crowd to stick out a foot in an attempt to trip the heroine on her dash towards the promotion of independent thought .
The more things change , the more they really do stay the same .
Peter H. Gilmore 's response to Apple 's Attourneys
Magus Peter H. Gilmore
Enjoy your cruise !
But beware of running aground , falling overboard , disappearing , and / or being jacked by Somali pirates .
Click to watch a compilation of just one month of holiday cruise ship disasters .
[ Video compiled by crack Gawker video intern Josh Rachford ]
By Roger Harrabin
BBC News environment analyst
Gas from waste creates less pollution than incineration , says the report Gas from waste could heat almost half the homes in the UK , according to a new report from National Grid .
It says obtaining more gas from waste will help cut carbon emissions , improve energy security and compensate for the shortage of landfill sites .
Renewable gas from landfill sites and sewage works provide 1 % of the UK 's gas at present .
Today 's report says an extra £ 10 billion investment could increase that to between 5 and 18 % .
The cost would be similar to that of other forms of renewable energy .
' Over- optimistic '
It says biogas could deliver up to two thirds of UK renewable energy targets by 2020 .
Critics believe the report is over - optimistic and seeks to capitalise on National Grid 's control over the UK 's gas pipelines .
Today 's report will contribute to the growing debate about heat , which produces 47 % of the UK's CO2 emissions - much more than electricity or transport .
The government will soon launch a consultation on a heat strategy .
Renewable gas is currently obtained through anaerobic digestion ( microbes ) or by super - heating waste to drive off the gas .
The report says both these processes create much less pollution than incineration .
The low carbon agenda needs another silver bullet like a hole in the head
Graham Meeks
Combined Heat and Power Association Renewables subsidies mean renewable gas is currently used to generate electricity .
But the report says this is much less efficient than using the existing gas grid to pipe the gas to heat homes .
The report says there are no insurmountable technical or safety barriers to delivering the gas , as the technology is already used in many other countries .
The key to delivery is government policy , including : A commercial incentive for producers to inject " green " gas into the grid rather than generating electricity
A strategy to ensure each waste stream goes to the most appropriate technology to maximise energy recovery and recycling
A change in the rules about the amount of oxygen allowed in gas pipes
Continued support for research and development of renewable gas .
" As we look forward to 2050 , " the report says , " it is important to recognise that delivering 80 % emissions reductions is going to require a very sizeable contribution from heat which only renewable gas is able to deliver without significant inconvenience to consumers and other residents of the UK . "
Lower bills National Grid says the beauty of renewable gas is that it utilises existing infrastructure .
Competing technologies like combined heat and power , or CHP , require new pipes to deliver the heat .
The report says instead of transporting wood chips by lorry to be burned in CHP plants it would be more efficient to gasify the wood chips and then transport the gas .
Will homes be heated using gas waste from landfill sites and sewage works ?
Renewable gas is slightly less powerful than gas from fossil fuel but the report says consumers could be compensated through lower bills .
Critics point out that reliance on renewable gas locks the UK into a high - waste economy when the government is urging people to waste less .
Gas heating also allows less flexibility than electric heating which allows the heat in each room to be programmed easily .
Methane leaks could also be damaging - the greenhouse gas is more than 20 times more powerful than CO2 .
Graham Meeks from the Combined Heat and Power Association said : " Renewable gas has an important role to play in the decarbonisation of the economy , but on its own it is no panacea .
The low carbon agenda needs another silver bullet like a hole in the head .
" Any suggestion that this could displace the need for technologies such as district heating is extremely unhelpful .
In fact district heating and CHP are the perfect complement to renewable gas production . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ashby resident Dustin Rantala thinks the law decriminalizing the possession of less than an ounce of marijuana is a benefit to Massachusetts taxpayers .
“ Such a small amount of marijuana really is n’t a big deal , ” Rantala , 18 , said Friday night outside of Market Basket on John Fitch Highway in Fitchburg .
“ I think it ’s going to be good because all our tax money is n’t going to be going toward ( prosecution ) . ”
Massachusetts voters passed Question 2 in November , making possession of an ounce or less of THC — the primary psychoactive ingredient in marijuana , hashish or hash oil — subject to civil penalties instead of criminal penalties in the state .
The penalties include a $ 100 dollar fine and police confiscating the drug , and the law excludes distribution and driving under the influence .
The law went into effect Friday .
Police chiefs and the state ’s 11 district attorneys opposed marijuana decriminalization .
They said it would ease access to what they consider a “ gateway drug ” and impede their ability to arrest drug traffickers and other criminals who often first become suspects because of marijuana possession .
Rantala said he did feel that marijuana was a “ gateway drug , ” meaning if someone tries marijuana they would be more likely to try other drugs as well .
“ But , I think if they ’re not strong enough to say no to other drugs , they ’ll also do the other drugs anyway , ” Rantala said .
Steven Epstein , treasurer and one of the founders of the Massachusetts Cannabis Reform Coalition , said Friday that “ it ’s about time ” a law like Question 2 passed .
“ Yet , it does n’t go far enough , ” Epstein said .
“ It should be legalized , regulated and taxed like alcoholic beverages , and for those who have medical needs , and hemp should be grown for all its virtuous uses . ”
Tammy Chartier , from Ashby , said she voted “ yes ” on Question 2 outside of Market Basket .
“ I just think if you get stuck with a little bit , it should n’t ruin your whole life , ” Chartier said , adding that treatment is a better solution .
Kevin Chartier , shopping with Tammy Chartier , said offenders should be “ given a chance to get healthy ” when caught in public , not arrested .
But Tammy Chartier said only one chance should be given .
“ If they do it again , they should have to go to jail , ” Tammy Chartier said .
Kevin Chartier said it ’s a good idea to have a drug program for offenders younger than 18 .
“ If they ’re under age , give them a chance to go through a drug program , and I think their parents should be involved with it , ” Kevin Chartier said .
Under the new law , the parents or legal guardians of offenders younger than 18 will be notified of the marijuana offense , according to the Web site of the Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts .
The offender is directed to take a drug awareness program , and if the offender does not complete the program within a year , he or she could pay a fine up to $ 1,000 unless the offender cannot afford to pay , a program is not available , or the offender shows an “ inability to pay , ” according to the Web site .
Tammy Chartier said she supports the idea of municipalities creating bylaws or ordinances to discourage marijuana use in public .
Fitchburg Police Chief Robert DeMoura said on Tuesday he wants to look into ways to make public marijuana smoking an arrestable offense .
“ This law raises a lot of challenges for law enforcement , city officials and school officials , ” DeMoura said .
“ So we need to review what we feel is a fair response to this locally . ”
DeMoura said he wants to place restrictions on the drug ’s use similar to restrictions of public alcohol consumption .
Fitchburg Mayor Lisa Wong said on Tuesday that she would support some restrictions on public marijuana use .
However , she said she would want to ensure that any ordinance does not impose on civil liberties .
“ I support looking into an ordinance , ” said Wong , who opposed Question 2 .
“ We just want to make sure … we do n’t go beyond what a local municipality can legally do . ”
But possession has “ already been theoretically prohibited in public , ” Epstein said .
“ The only thing is , do not recriminalize it , ” Epstein said .
“ Do not use bylaws and ordinances prohibiting use in public so police officers can throw handcuffs on people ( for possession of less than an ounce ) . ”
Epstein said he was not surprised Question 2 passed by such a large margin , with 65 percent voting in favor and 35 against .
“ The reason we knew it would pass is we had public policy questions on the ballot that always passed by a similar margin , ” Epstein said .
Epstein said he ’d like to see an amendment of medicinal marijuana use laws by the Legislature .
He said patients have to go through extra , unnecessary steps to access the drug .
“ Right now our law says we have to get federal approval for the source of medicine , and 13 other states do n’t require that .
… for me , it ’s about individual liberty . ”
Chris Bujold , owner of the Boulder Cafe in Fitchburg , said he voted in favor of Question 2 and felt the issue was not about whether people disagree or agree with the use of marijuana .
“ It ’s about whether or not you felt the funds were being spent responsibly , to the tune of $ 30 million dollars a year to prosecute those who have offended , ” Bujold said .
He said he did n’t feel the prohibition of marijuana before the passing of Question 2 was successful .
“ I do n’t think there ’s any enablement as far as the quantity is concerned , ” Bujold said of the rule that less than an ounce is decriminalized .
“ The quantity is not going to allow people to make a profit , not going to allow anybody to do something they had n’t done before . ”
As for whether the new law could adversely affect his business , he said he ’ll treat smoking marijuana the way he ’d treat the smoking of a cigarette in the Boulder Cafe — he would not allow it .
“ It ’s prohibited by the Commonwealth , ” Bujold said .
“ We do n’t let people smoke anything inside the establishment .
So I do n’t feel it affects us in any way on the inside . …
We ’re responsible for what happens inside our four walls , and making sure we do n’t enable somebody to do something after they leave , ” such as driving under the influence of a drug .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
When asked his advice for a young person growing up in Britain , Jim Rogers , former partner of George Soros and one of the world 's most successful investors , is forthright .
" Move to China ; learn Chinese . "
Mr Rogers warns that Britain will go bankrupt if the Government continues to follow its present policy of attempting to save the banks through subsidy and nationalisation .
He has sold all his sterling assets and has " no position " in sterling , but Mr Rogers reveals that he had been planning to short - sell sterling in the present financial crisis , before recent disparaging remarks about the pound 's prospects from his own lips had put paid to those plans .
" I should have kept my mouth shut . "
Mr Rogers had in mind a repeat of his previous coup , when he and Mr Soros 's Quantum Fund famously " broke " the Bank of England in 1992 , when sterling was forced out of the European exchange rate mechanism , costing UK taxpayers $ 1bn and making Mr Soros and Mr Rogers correspondingly wealthier .
Sterling is at a 10 - year low against the dollar , and Mr Rogers is confident that it will fall to below its previous nadirs , though he has " no idea " where that floor may eventually be .
His message is blunt : we used to have North Sea oil and the City of London , but now " you do n't have anything to sell ... it's a terrible shame " .
Mr Rogers is still more forthright in his advice to the Prime Minister , who he urges to resign , but not before abolishing the Bank of England .
" They are the ones printing all this money , " he said .
" Central bankers are not gods or geniuses ; why does anyone think they are ? "
The US Federal Reserve , Mr Rogers thinks , is also on the road to bankruptcy , and he points out that the US has already had three central banks in its history .
Instead , the Singapore - based billionaire urges the UK authorities to take the radical step of allowing the commercial banks to fail .
He cites the example of South Korea , Russia and other nations where such financial violence was followed by a renewed burst of growth and prosperity , in a relatively short space of time .
In the overwhelmingly likely event of Mervyn King and Gordon Brown ignoring Mr Rogers ' advice , the " crushing " burden of debt and of taxation to service that debt will bankrupt the UK , " technically or de facto " , with a " terrible " inflation to follow .
A colourful figure , Mr Rogers was born in Alabama and educated at Yale and Oxford .
He has made it into Guinness World Records for some of his epic motorcycle journeys .
He began collaborating with George Soros in the Seventies and more recently has specialised in commodities .
In 2007 , at the age of 63 , he drew some attention for his decision to move from New York to Singapore , declaring that " moving to Asia now is like moving to New York City in 1907 " .
Source : Independent
Belfast Telegraph
What could quite possibly be the coolest driveway ever was found outside of Lakeland , Florida .
Our friends at The …
Parents looking to rein in holiday spending on Wiis and other high - tech gadgets for their kids this year : take heart .
The stick - possibly the world 's oldest toy - was added Nov. 27 to the National Toy Hall of Fame , joining the likes of Barbie , Slinky , teddy bears , Mr. Potato Head and Play - Doh .
" The good thing about a stick is it 's limitless , " said Patricia Hogan , a curator for the Strong National Museum of Play in Rochester , N.Y. , which houses the Hall of Fame .
" Today , it 's a magic wand .
Tomorrow , it 's a fishing pole .
" Wellington mom Kim Toohey said she is n't surprised the stick was finally getting its due .
" I have three boys , and they played with sticks more than anything else we bought them , " she said .
" It 's right up there with the box and the pots and pans .
" This is n't just kid stuff .
The second - largest children 's museum in the United States , and the only one dedicated specifically to the study of play , the Strong Museum is chartered by the New York Board of Regents and publishes a scholarly journal through the University of Illinois .
But outside of academia , it 's best known for housing the Toy Hall of Fame , which each year chooses a select few playthings for posterity .
Criteria include fueling imagination , according to the museum 's Hogan .
The toy should also be part of the lives of many kids , preferably over several generations .
" The Hall of Fame is not …
Though the inspiration was said to have come from a clip of The Young Ones , we all know this was bound to happen eventually .
[ lemonie ] has turned a VHS deck into a toaster .
They ’ve done a fantastic job , it looks almost perfectly stock .
We can imagine that maintaining the look of the VCR was pretty difficult especially getting everything to line up correctly .
Finally , we have a use for our old VHS deck .
You can see a video of it in action after the break .
WASHINGTON  A provision buried deep inside the $ 787 billion economic stimulus bill would impose restrictions on executive bonuses at financial institutions that are much tougher than those proposed 10 days ago by the Treasury Department .
The provision , inserted by Senate Democrats over the objections of the Obama administration , is aimed at companies that have received financial bailout funds .
It would prohibit cash bonuses and almost all other incentive compensation for the five most senior officers and the 20 highest - paid executives at large companies that receive money under the Treasury ’s Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP .
The stimulus package was approved by the House on Friday , then by the Senate in the late evening .
The pay restrictions resemble those that the Treasury Department announced this month , but are likely to ensnare more executives at many more companies and also to cut more deeply into the bonuses that often account for the bulk of annual pay .
The restriction with the most bite would bar top executives from receiving bonuses exceeding one - third of their annual pay .
Any bonus would have to be in the form of long - term incentives , like restricted stock , which could not be cashed out until the TARP money was repaid in full .
Cabinet
Solis Senate Session Postponed in Wake of Husband 's Tax Lien Revelations
Rep. Hilda Solis testifies at a Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee hearing on her nomination to be secretary of labor in early January .
( Mannie Garcia / Bloomberg News )
Updated 3:30 p.m.
By Michael A. Fletcher
A Senate committee today abruptly canceled a session to consider President Obama 's nomination of Rep. Hilda Solis to be labor secretary in the wake of a report saying that her husband yesterday paid about $ 6,400 to settle tax liens against his business -- including liens that had been outstanding for as long as 16 years .
The report , by USA Today , came just before the Senate 's Health Education Labor and Pensions Committee was slated to meet to consider Solis 's nomination , which had been delayed by questions over her role on the board of the pro-labor organization American Rights at Work .
A source said that committee members did not learn about the tax issue until today .
" Today 's executive session was postponed to allow members additional time to review the documentation submitted in support of Representative Solis 's nomination to serve in the important position of Labor Secretary , " read a joint statement issued by Sen. Edward M. Kennedy ( D - Mass . ) , the panel 's chairman , and Mike Enzi ( Wyoming ) , the committee 's ranking Republican .
" There are no holds on her nomination and members on both sides of the aisle remain committed to giving her nomination the fair and thorough consideration that she deserves .
We will continue to work together to move this nomination forward as soon as possible . "
No new date has been set for the hearing .
The disclosure about Solis 's husband comes after tax problems caused trouble for three of Obama 's top appointees , leading two of them -- HHS - nominee Tom Daschle and Nancy Killefer , who was to be chief performance officer -- to withdraw .
Asked about the USA Today report at the White House daily briefing , press secretary Robert Gibbs emphasized that the nominee 's tax returns are in order .
" Well , I read the story in USA Today , and it quotes somebody that works here , so obviously we 've -- we know about this story .
I 'll say this .
We reviewed her tax returns , and her tax returns are in order , " said Gibbs .
" The story denotes that her husband had some issues with paying a business tax , and obviously that tax is -- should be paid .
He 's -- she 's not a partner in that business , Gibbs continued .
" So we 're not going to penalize her for her husband 's business mistakes .
Obviously , her husband , I think , has and should pay any taxes that he owes . "
Posted at 2:21 PM ET on Feb 5 , 2009 | Category : Cabinet
Share This : Technorati | Tag in Del.icio.us | Digg
This
Previous : Ogden Coasts Through Confirmation Hearing | Next : Obama to Meet with Terrorism Victims and Families
Add 44 to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Be the first to know when there 's a new installment of The Trail .
This widget is easy to add to your Web site , and it will update every time there 's a new entry on The Trail .
Posted by : jimwa9z | February 8 , 2009 10:29 AM
Posted by : molly8 | February 6 , 2009 12:48 PM
Posted by : stargirl1991 | February 6 , 2009 3:50 AM
Posted by : dodavatar | February 5 , 2009 11:41 PM
Posted by : securityloan | February 5 , 2009 10:37 PM
Posted by : Boozehoundinlushland | February 5 , 2009 10:31 PM
Posted by : SherryKay2004 | February 5 , 2009 10:27 PM
Posted by : Cuttar | February 5 , 2009 10:19 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 9:37 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 9:24 PM
Posted by : Cuttar | February 5 , 2009 9:15 PM
Posted by : Cuttar | February 5 , 2009 9:05 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 9:00 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 8:51 PM
Posted by : ProudTXConservative | February 5 , 2009 8:39 PM
Posted by : krankyman | February 5 , 2009 8:25 PM
Posted by : krankyman | February 5 , 2009 8:23 PM
Posted by : dummypants | February 5 , 2009 8:16 PM
Posted by : krankyman | February 5 , 2009 8:13 PM
Posted by : SAINT --- The | February 5 , 2009 8:11 PM
Posted by : associate20 | February 5 , 2009 8:08 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 7:33 PM
Posted by : SAINT --- The | February 5 , 2009 7:25 PM
Posted by : TexRancher | February 5 , 2009 7:23 PM
Posted by : associate20 | February 5 , 2009 7:20 PM
Posted by : zendrell | February 5 , 2009 7:19 PM
Posted by : txgall | February 5 , 2009 7:07 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 7:06 PM
Posted by : associate20 | February 5 , 2009 6:56 PM
Posted by : oldhat | February 5 , 2009 6:51 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 6:49 PM
Posted by : DriveByPoster | February 5 , 2009 6:47 PM
Posted by : blasmaic | February 5 , 2009 6:45 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 6:41 PM
Posted by : DriveByPoster | February 5 , 2009 6:40 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 6:36 PM
Posted by : DriveByPoster | February 5 , 2009 6:31 PM
Posted by : associate20 | February 5 , 2009 6:29 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 6:26 PM
Posted by : hwm982xx | February 5 , 2009 6:24 PM
Posted by : scottyp | February 5 , 2009 6:24 PM
Posted by : PitsandMcGoo | February 5 , 2009 6:23 PM
Posted by : DaniRockfordIllinois | February 5 , 2009 6:21 PM
Posted by : 2xy4k9 | February 5 , 2009 6:19 PM
Posted by : ExoticTraveler | February 5 , 2009 6:18 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 6:18 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 6:17 PM
Posted by : rmkraus | February 5 , 2009 6:17 PM
Posted by : snagam80 | February 5 , 2009 6:15 PM
Posted by : Yeeeech | February 5 , 2009 6:14 PM
Posted by : annademo | February 5 , 2009 6:14 PM
Posted by : DriveByPoster | February 5 , 2009 6:13 PM
Posted by : Tim_CA | February 5 , 2009 6:13 PM
Posted by : printthis | February 5 , 2009 6:12 PM
Posted by : pgr88 | February 5 , 2009 6:12 PM
Posted by : 2xy4k9 | February 5 , 2009 6:11 PM
Posted by : JJCarpenter1 | February 5 , 2009 6:11 PM
Posted by : AnnieP1 | February 5 , 2009 6:09 PM
Posted by : Brenee7119 | February 5 , 2009 6:09 PM
Posted by : scottyp | February 5 , 2009 6:08 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 6:08 PM
Posted by : ZyskandarAJaimot | February 5 , 2009 6:07 PM
Posted by : DriveByPoster | February 5 , 2009 6:05 PM
Posted by : Be_leaving | February 5 , 2009 6:02 PM
Posted by : Be_leaving | February 5 , 2009 6:01 PM
Posted by : ZyskandarAJaimot | February 5 , 2009 6:00 PM
Posted by : patty 42 | February 5 , 2009 5:59 PM
Posted by : hclark1 | February 5 , 2009 5:56 PM
Posted by : zinger55 | February 5 , 2009 5:55 PM
Posted by : DriveByPoster | February 5 , 2009 5:55 PM
Posted by : Cuttar | February 5 , 2009 5:54 PM
Posted by : KJS1953 | February 5 , 2009 5:54 PM
Posted by : chicago2 | February 5 , 2009 5:51 PM
Posted by : wallyjrii | February 5 , 2009 5:51 PM
Posted by : hurleyboo | February 5 , 2009 5:50 PM
Posted by : alexispage | February 5 , 2009 5:50 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 5:48 PM
Posted by : zinger55 | February 5 , 2009 5:48 PM
Posted by : hpesoj | February 5 , 2009 5:47 PM
Posted by : theidel | February 5 , 2009 5:46 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 5:44 PM
Posted by : jimjenny | February 5 , 2009 5:44 PM
Posted by : maxwellsmart | February 5 , 2009 5:44 PM
Posted by : wallyjrii | February 5 , 2009 5:43 PM
Posted by : MichaelDallas | February 5 , 2009 5:42 PM
Posted by : zinger55 | February 5 , 2009 5:41 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 5:37 PM
Posted by : mikem1 | February 5 , 2009 5:36 PM
Posted by : alance | February 5 , 2009 5:36 PM
Posted by : cali3 | February 5 , 2009 5:35 PM
Posted by : wallyjrii | February 5 , 2009 5:35 PM
Posted by : maugustson | February 5 , 2009 5:35 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 5:34 PM
Posted by : vespagl | February 5 , 2009 5:34 PM
Posted by : ThinkingOne | February 5 , 2009 5:32 PM
Posted by : PitsandMcGoo | February 5 , 2009 5:32 PM
Posted by : mikem1 | February 5 , 2009 5:31 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 5:30 PM
Posted by : ProudTXConservative | February 5 , 2009 5:30 PM
Posted by : maugustson | February 5 , 2009 5:29 PM
Posted by : dbwsr | February 5 , 2009 5:29 PM
Posted by : Bail - outNation | February 5 , 2009 5:29 PM
Posted by : Heerman532 | February 5 , 2009 5:29 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 5:27 PM
Posted by : seymourpackers49 | February 5 , 2009 5:26 PM
Posted by : malclave | February 5 , 2009 5:25 PM
Posted by : leo8 | February 5 , 2009 5:24 PM
Posted by : dennisl591 | February 5 , 2009 5:24 PM
Posted by : mikem1 | February 5 , 2009 5:24 PM
Posted by : zap123 | February 5 , 2009 5:23 PM
Posted by : valuddite | February 5 , 2009 5:22 PM
Posted by : seymourpackers49 | February 5 , 2009 5:22 PM
Posted by : txgall | February 5 , 2009 5:22 PM
Posted by : wallyjrii | February 5 , 2009 5:22 PM
Posted by : Heerman532 | February 5 , 2009 5:22 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 5:21 PM
Posted by : madderinhell | February 5 , 2009 5:19 PM
Posted by : seymourpackers49 | February 5 , 2009 5:19 PM
Posted by : zap123 | February 5 , 2009 5:17 PM
Posted by : mikem1 | February 5 , 2009 5:17 PM
Posted by : seymourpackers49 | February 5 , 2009 5:17 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 5:16 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 5:16 PM
Posted by : seymourpackers49 | February 5 , 2009 5:14 PM
Posted by : ProudTXConservative | February 5 , 2009 5:14 PM
Posted by : Ozymandius | February 5 , 2009 5:14 PM
Posted by : concernedconservative1 | February 5 , 2009 5:13 PM
Posted by : Kurtiss | February 5 , 2009 5:13 PM
Posted by : twann9852 | February 5 , 2009 5:11 PM
Posted by : scottmcmahon1 | February 5 , 2009 5:10 PM
Posted by : quietpatriot1776 | February 5 , 2009 5:08 PM
Posted by : ProudTXConservative | February 5 , 2009 5:06 PM
Posted by : Steve_in_Florida | February 5 , 2009 5:06 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 5:05 PM
Posted by : seymourpackers49 | February 5 , 2009 5:04 PM
Posted by : ProudTXConservative | February 5 , 2009 5:04 PM
Posted by : lowercaselarry | February 5 , 2009 5:04 PM
Posted by : mikem1 | February 5 , 2009 5:03 PM
Posted by : GuyInCT | February 5 , 2009 5:03 PM
Posted by : litosellshome | February 5 , 2009 5:03 PM
Posted by : seymourpackers49 | February 5 , 2009 5:02 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 4:59 PM
Posted by : IgnoranceisBliss1 | February 5 , 2009 4:59 PM
Posted by : mikem1 | February 5 , 2009 4:57 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 4:57 PM
Posted by : ProudTXConservative | February 5 , 2009 4:57 PM
Posted by : waterfrontproperty | February 5 , 2009 4:56 PM
Posted by : KaiKane54 | February 5 , 2009 4:56 PM
Posted by : TheBabeNemo | February 5 , 2009 4:55 PM
Posted by : bigdogmlw | February 5 , 2009 4:55 PM
Posted by : sd421 | February 5 , 2009 4:55 PM
Posted by : JoeCollins1 | February 5 , 2009 4:55 PM
Posted by : Conchockey16 | February 5 , 2009 4:54 PM
Posted by : swalker3 | February 5 , 2009 4:53 PM
Posted by : kevintheelder | February 5 , 2009 4:52 PM
Posted by : ozpunk | February 5 , 2009 4:52 PM
Posted by : ziploc | February 5 , 2009 4:51 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 4:50 PM
Posted by : HepKatt | February 5 , 2009 4:50 PM
Posted by : cw2800 | February 5 , 2009 4:50 PM
Posted by : ProudTXConservative | February 5 , 2009 4:49 PM
Posted by : mikem1 | February 5 , 2009 4:49 PM
Posted by : nycityfied | February 5 , 2009 4:48 PM
Posted by : GClausen | February 5 , 2009 4:48 PM
Posted by : basicallystupid15 | February 5 , 2009 4:48 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 4:46 PM
Posted by : kmcd1 | February 5 , 2009 4:46 PM
Posted by : SalMonella | February 5 , 2009 4:46 PM
Posted by : mikem1 | February 5 , 2009 4:45 PM
Posted by : quietpatriot1776 | February 5 , 2009 4:44 PM
Posted by : ftro | February 5 , 2009 4:44 PM
Posted by : quietpatriot1776 | February 5 , 2009 4:41 PM
Posted by : sd421 | February 5 , 2009 4:41 PM
Posted by : Steve_in_Florida | February 5 , 2009 4:39 PM
Posted by : kaymad | February 5 , 2009 4:38 PM
Posted by : DrPearl | February 5 , 2009 4:37 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 4:37 PM
Posted by : dswansoniceman | February 5 , 2009 4:36 PM
Posted by : Ricksusan | February 5 , 2009 4:36 PM
Posted by : devan95 | February 5 , 2009 4:36 PM
Posted by : RoyRogers | February 5 , 2009 4:35 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 4:35 PM
Posted by : mikem1 | February 5 , 2009 4:35 PM
Posted by : DrPearl | February 5 , 2009 4:35 PM
Posted by : charlietuna666 | February 5 , 2009 4:34 PM
Posted by : lawgirlguru | February 5 , 2009 4:34 PM
Posted by : ElrodinTennessee | February 5 , 2009 4:34 PM
Posted by : dencal26 | February 5 , 2009 4:34 PM
Posted by : Jenny65 | February 5 , 2009 4:34 PM
Posted by : Garak | February 5 , 2009 4:33 PM
Posted by : bcd_2001 | February 5 , 2009 4:33 PM
Posted by : kevintheelder | February 5 , 2009 4:32 PM
Posted by : zoo2 | February 5 , 2009 4:32 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 4:31 PM
Posted by : Steve_in_Florida | February 5 , 2009 4:31 PM
Posted by : TobiMc3 | February 5 , 2009 4:31 PM
Posted by : Bitter_Bill | February 5 , 2009 4:30 PM
Posted by : Bertorama | February 5 , 2009 4:30 PM
Posted by : optimist_10 | February 5 , 2009 4:29 PM
Posted by : concernedconservative1 | February 5 , 2009 4:29 PM
Posted by : kbkgza | February 5 , 2009 4:29 PM
Posted by : TobiMc3 | February 5 , 2009 4:28 PM
Posted by : Steve_in_Florida | February 5 , 2009 4:26 PM
Posted by : ProudTXConservative | February 5 , 2009 4:25 PM
Posted by : mikeinmidland | February 5 , 2009 4:25 PM
Posted by : dennislarson | February 5 , 2009 4:24 PM
Posted by : ensignbay | February 5 , 2009 4:23 PM
Posted by : playfair109 | February 5 , 2009 4:23 PM
Posted by : mikem1 | February 5 , 2009 4:23 PM
Posted by : TMFB | February 5 , 2009 4:23 PM
Posted by : kaymad | February 5 , 2009 4:23 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 4:23 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 4:22 PM
Posted by : kbkgza | February 5 , 2009 4:22 PM
Posted by : charlietuna666 | February 5 , 2009 4:21 PM
Posted by : rrpat | February 5 , 2009 4:21 PM
Posted by : TMFB | February 5 , 2009 4:20 PM
Posted by : Steve_in_Florida | February 5 , 2009 4:19 PM
Posted by : concernedconservative1 | February 5 , 2009 4:19 PM
Posted by : DagnyT | February 5 , 2009 4:18 PM
Posted by : wlkelly | February 5 , 2009 4:18 PM
Posted by : Pillai | February 5 , 2009 4:18 PM
Posted by : kbkgza | February 5 , 2009 4:17 PM
Posted by : Cathy64 | February 5 , 2009 4:17 PM
Posted by : CitizenPayne | February 5 , 2009 4:17 PM
Posted by : mikem1 | February 5 , 2009 4:17 PM
Posted by : tinyt55 | February 5 , 2009 4:17 PM
Posted by : sombreropoint38 | February 5 , 2009 4:16 PM
Posted by : tmace | February 5 , 2009 4:15 PM
Posted by : peterdc | February 5 , 2009 4:15 PM
Posted by : FBIobserver 42 | February 5 , 2009 4:15 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 4:13 PM
Posted by : LeftCoastCurmudgeon | February 5 , 2009 4:13 PM
Posted by : kbkgza | February 5 , 2009 4:13 PM
Posted by : alf a67 | February 5 , 2009 4:13 PM
Posted by : mikeinmidland | February 5 , 2009 4:13 PM
Posted by : Opus17 | February 5 , 2009 4:12 PM
Posted by : _virginian_ | February 5 , 2009 4:11 PM
Posted by : candyzky | February 5 , 2009 4:11 PM
Posted by : SouthernCross2 | February 5 , 2009 4:09 PM
Posted by : concernedconservative1 | February 5 , 2009 4:08 PM
Posted by : CaptB | February 5 , 2009 4:08 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 4:07 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 4:07 PM
Posted by : lllh | February 5 , 2009 4:06 PM
Posted by : pkust | February 5 , 2009 4:05 PM
Posted by : ProudTXConservative | February 5 , 2009 4:05 PM
Posted by : abby0802 | February 5 , 2009 4:05 PM
Posted by : intewedm1 | February 5 , 2009 4:04 PM
Posted by : victorpark | February 5 , 2009 4:04 PM
Posted by : sombreropoint38 | February 5 , 2009 4:04 PM
Posted by : Stinkin | February 5 , 2009 4:03 PM
Posted by : lswinford | February 5 , 2009 4:03 PM
Posted by : ahashburn | February 5 , 2009 4:03 PM
Posted by : jshaver001 | February 5 , 2009 4:02 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 4:02 PM
Posted by : marcusd53 | February 5 , 2009 4:00 PM
Posted by : Curmudgeon10 | February 5 , 2009 3:59 PM
Posted by : dottydo | February 5 , 2009 3:59 PM
Posted by : bnw173 | February 5 , 2009 3:58 PM
Posted by : jdb70 | February 5 , 2009 3:57 PM
Posted by : john49431 | February 5 , 2009 3:56 PM
Posted by : jpk2 | February 5 , 2009 3:56 PM
Posted by : Asianna | February 5 , 2009 3:56 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 3:56 PM
Posted by : Attucks | February 5 , 2009 3:55 PM
Posted by : Stinkin | February 5 , 2009 3:55 PM
Posted by : judithod | February 5 , 2009 3:53 PM
Posted by : askgees | February 5 , 2009 3:53 PM
Posted by : Geepers1 | February 5 , 2009 3:52 PM
Posted by : JohnAdams1 | February 5 , 2009 3:52 PM
Posted by : johnsus | February 5 , 2009 3:52 PM
Posted by : Nico7 | February 5 , 2009 3:52 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 3:52 PM
Posted by : RFN8143 | February 5 , 2009 3:52 PM
Posted by : KJS1953 | February 5 , 2009 3:51 PM
Posted by : kstrus | February 5 , 2009 3:51 PM
Posted by : WAdem1 | February 5 , 2009 3:51 PM
Posted by : pgr88 | February 5 , 2009 3:50 PM
Posted by : johnsus | February 5 , 2009 3:49 PM
Posted by : WAdem1 | February 5 , 2009 3:48 PM
Posted by : Computer_Forensics_Expert_Computer_Expert_Witness | February 5 , 2009 3:48 PM
Posted by : ednasmith | February 5 , 2009 3:48 PM
Posted by : pgould1 | February 5 , 2009 3:47 PM
Posted by : pjkiger1 | February 5 , 2009 3:46 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 3:46 PM
Posted by : HSTeacher | February 5 , 2009 3:45 PM
Posted by : robtr | February 5 , 2009 3:45 PM
Posted by : dennisl591 | February 5 , 2009 3:45 PM
Posted by : WAdem1 | February 5 , 2009 3:44 PM
Posted by : Attucks | February 5 , 2009 3:43 PM
Posted by : PeteKent | February 5 , 2009 3:43 PM
Posted by : DP100 | February 5 , 2009 3:43 PM
Posted by : kbkgza | February 5 , 2009 3:43 PM
Posted by : educated2 | February 5 , 2009 3:43 PM
Posted by : sam51 | February 5 , 2009 3:42 PM
Posted by : Democrat_Culture_of_Corruption | February 5 , 2009 3:42 PM
Posted by : askgees | February 5 , 2009 3:42 PM
Posted by : johnsus | February 5 , 2009 3:41 PM
Posted by : adjjones | February 5 , 2009 3:41 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 3:39 PM
Posted by : dspreadinaolcom | February 5 , 2009 3:38 PM
Posted by : masonjahr | February 5 , 2009 3:38 PM
Posted by : Cuttar | February 5 , 2009 3:37 PM
Posted by : bigtex99 | February 5 , 2009 3:37 PM
Posted by : dummypants | February 5 , 2009 3:37 PM
Posted by : dspreadinaolcom | February 5 , 2009 3:37 PM
Posted by : KJS1953 | February 5 , 2009 3:36 PM
Posted by : win_harrington | February 5 , 2009 3:34 PM
Posted by : capskip | February 5 , 2009 3:34 PM
Posted by : tayjon | February 5 , 2009 3:33 PM
Posted by : M_Algore | February 5 , 2009 3:33 PM
Posted by : GriddleJim | February 5 , 2009 3:33 PM
Posted by : TexJal | February 5 , 2009 3:33 PM
Posted by : Democrat_Culture_of_Corruption | February 5 , 2009 3:32 PM
Posted by : bobw6 | February 5 , 2009 3:31 PM
Posted by : noaxe2grind | February 5 , 2009 3:31 PM
Posted by : snert522 | February 5 , 2009 3:31 PM
Posted by : KYJurisDoctor | February 5 , 2009 3:30 PM
Posted by : dricha8548 | February 5 , 2009 3:29 PM
Posted by : fighterDC | February 5 , 2009 3:29 PM
Posted by : sumn | February 5 , 2009 3:28 PM
Posted by : swanieaz | February 5 , 2009 3:28 PM
Posted by : LoonyLeft | February 5 , 2009 3:27 PM
Posted by : 0nl00k3r | February 5 , 2009 3:27 PM
Posted by : RightStuff | February 5 , 2009 3:25 PM
Posted by : billbrady 1 | February 5 , 2009 3:24 PM
Posted by : sombreropoint38 | February 5 , 2009 3:24 PM
Posted by : loobie | February 5 , 2009 3:23 PM
Posted by : LogicalSC | February 5 , 2009 3:21 PM
Posted by : Phil6 | February 5 , 2009 3:20 PM
Posted by : sombreropoint38 | February 5 , 2009 3:20 PM
Posted by : KPSMITH1 | February 5 , 2009 3:19 PM
Posted by : shipbuilder | February 5 , 2009 3:19 PM
Posted by : newsboy3 | February 5 , 2009 3:19 PM
Posted by : HMichaelH | February 5 , 2009 3:19 PM
Posted by : Avner1 | February 5 , 2009 3:19 PM
Posted by : ElrodinTennessee | February 5 , 2009 3:19 PM
Posted by : lionheart23031 | February 5 , 2009 3:19 PM
Posted by : count_me | February 5 , 2009 3:17 PM
Posted by : menopausequeen | February 5 , 2009 3:15 PM
Posted by : sombreropoint38 | February 5 , 2009 3:15 PM
Posted by : Britlad2 | February 5 , 2009 3:15 PM
Posted by : beallda | February 5 , 2009 3:15 PM
Posted by : Rank1 | February 5 , 2009 3:15 PM
Posted by : DagnyT | February 5 , 2009 3:15 PM
Posted by : coolidge1 | February 5 , 2009 3:15 PM
Posted by : natermom | February 5 , 2009 3:14 PM
Posted by : DriveByPoster | February 5 , 2009 3:14 PM
Posted by : jackmackeral | February 5 , 2009 3:14 PM
Posted by : bsfax | February 5 , 2009 3:14 PM
Posted by : mssnatchquatch | February 5 , 2009 3:13 PM
Posted by : drwilly | February 5 , 2009 3:13 PM
Posted by : stevejones2005 | February 5 , 2009 3:12 PM
Posted by : dkp01 | February 5 , 2009 3:11 PM
Posted by : gilency | February 5 , 2009 3:11 PM
Posted by : NonCents | February 5 , 2009 3:11 PM
Posted by : TheBabeNemo | February 5 , 2009 3:11 PM
Posted by : jeffyw | February 5 , 2009 3:11 PM
Posted by : ElrodinTennessee | February 5 , 2009 3:11 PM
Posted by : Ethicist | February 5 , 2009 3:11 PM
Posted by : Rank1 | February 5 , 2009 3:10 PM
Posted by : geoffkahan | February 5 , 2009 3:10 PM
Posted by : noone2 | February 5 , 2009 3:09 PM
Posted by : rsltracey | February 5 , 2009 3:08 PM
Posted by : henleybw | February 5 , 2009 3:08 PM
Posted by : jtlindstrom | February 5 , 2009 3:07 PM
Posted by : bassassin | February 5 , 2009 3:07 PM
Posted by : staballoy | February 5 , 2009 3:07 PM
Posted by : adrianarnold | February 5 , 2009 3:07 PM
Posted by : matawanbob | February 5 , 2009 3:07 PM
Posted by : bennie1 | February 5 , 2009 3:06 PM
Posted by : ricardo4max | February 5 , 2009 3:06 PM
Posted by : KevinH2 | February 5 , 2009 3:06 PM
Posted by : dianeremarx | February 5 , 2009 3:05 PM
Posted by : MICHAELB60 | February 5 , 2009 3:04 PM
Posted by : dianeremarx | February 5 , 2009 3:04 PM
Posted by : jayjay9 | February 5 , 2009 3:04 PM
Posted by : ElrodinTennessee | February 5 , 2009 3:03 PM
Posted by : VirginiaConservative | February 5 , 2009 3:02 PM
Posted by : rwoodyj | February 5 , 2009 3:02 PM
Posted by : jdcw | February 5 , 2009 3:00 PM
Posted by : ghostmoves | February 5 , 2009 3:00 PM
Posted by : KPSMITH1 | February 5 , 2009 3:00 PM
Posted by : Wordygirl | February 5 , 2009 3:00 PM
Posted by : LeftCoastCurmudgeon | February 5 , 2009 2:59 PM
Posted by : ThaddeusMaximus | February 5 , 2009 2:57 PM
Posted by : woco74 | February 5 , 2009 2:56 PM
Posted by : nonot | February 5 , 2009 2:55 PM
Posted by : trjn30 | February 5 , 2009 2:51 PM
Posted by : wjwills7 | February 5 , 2009 2:48 PM
Posted by : Cornell1984 | February 5 , 2009 2:45 PM
Posted by : theeasypartsover | February 5 , 2009 2:42 PM
Posted by : calchala | February 5 , 2009 2:36 PM
Posted by : SAINT --- The | February 5 , 2009 2:31 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
“ The possibility of a rapid repair of their disasters , mainly depends on whether the country has been depopulated .
If its effective population have not been extirpated at the time , and are not starved afterwards ; then , with the same skill and knowledge which they had before , with their land and its permanent improvements undestroyed , and the more durable buildings probably unimpaired , or only partially injured , they have nearly all the requisites for their former amount of production . ” ~
John Stuart Mill , Principles of Political Economy , Book I , chapter 5 .
In the 2007 edition of the Forbes 400 , perhaps the most notable statistic involved comparisons with the first Forbes 400 , released in 1982 .
Of the original 400 members , only 32 remained by 2007 .
This is n’t to say that the departed hit the bread lines , but it was a certain example of the dynamic nature of the U.S. economy .
And just as the richest in America are a moving target , so are the top companies .
For evidence of this , all one would need do is take a Fortune 500 list from 1980 , and compare it to the 1990 list , 2000 and the present .
Constant change is an exciting property of capitalism whereby new entrants frequently purchase the assets of past giants , only to manage them better .
In much the same way , the human capital within our borders that is surely our best asset engages in constant reinvention in order to find the best ways to work profitably , and in doing so , fulfills the consumption needs of a productive population .
So while company failure and job losses have always been an unfortunate and painful part of the process , they have also been something that Americans have mostly accepted as the price of prosperity .
And far from impoverishing us permanently , our economy has regularly rebounded from its mistakes .
The logical reality is that when companies fail , their assets , both physical and human , do n’t disappear .
Instead , they ’re snapped up by the intrepid among us , often at a bargain , and productive growth resumes .
Sadly , the at times rough hand of capitalism has taken a back seat over the last eleven months to the allegedly benevolent hand of the federal government .
Rather than embrace the very uncertainty that has made us wealthy by any measure , Americans have accepted a newly muscular role from Washington meant to shield us from failure .
But if history is any kind of indicator , that will surely be a deadening influence over time .
The broken consensus .
To a high degree the capitalist consensus held until last spring .
It was then that Bear Stearns , a fairly minor bulge bracket investment bank , ran into trouble .
With its share price in freefall heading into the weekend , officials at Treasury and the Federal Reserve effectively blinked , and a forced marriage ensued in which J.P. Morgan purchased Bear for next to nothing in return for the Fed taking on the fallen investment bank ’s “ toxic assets . ”
Even though Bear Stearns was n’t a bank in the traditional sense , government involvement was defended by some as necessary to avert a collapse of the financial system .
Myriad other financial institutions had exposure ( “ counterparty risk ” ) to trades entered into by Bear , and absent the infusion of government capital , our system of credit would supposedly have cascaded downward , Depression the certain result .
In a November 21 speech for the Cato Institute , Harvard professor Jeffrey Miron eagerly stated that the idea of counterparty risk is overdone .
Miron noted that the only scholarly work on the subject was written by none other than our present Fed Chairman , Ben Bernanke , back in the early ’ 80s .
Bernanke ’s fears of a domino effect with regard to banks were then , and remain pure conjecture .
And assuming the domino effect is real , when we consider how whole countries have bounced back from total economic and human destruction as a result of war , it seems a reach to assume that ours would fail to bounce back from the demise of one or many banks .
More broadly , it should be pointed out that every transaction irrespective of its business purpose involves counterparty risk .
When businesses go under , counterparties are left short , but one or many failures rarely have any kind of lasting economic impact .
That is so because when businesses fail , they in no way disappear .
Instead , an opportunity arises for competitors to quickly snap up market share , not to mention that capital previously misused by the failed business in question is quickly redirected to those with a stated objective to deploy it more wisely .
No doubt the rise of the Big Three automakers in the early part of the 20th century put a lot of carriage companies out of business , but far from harming the economy , the aforementioned rise created new , and better opportunities for capital and individuals put out of work by natural economic change .
Had Bear simply been allowed to go under , there doubtless would have been turbulent markets , but it would be hard to presume any more turbulent than they ’ve been since last spring .
More important , had the Fed and Treasury simply stood aside , Bear ’s failure would have been a certain signal to other teetering banks to either find new capital , or quickly find a buyer .
More important , and as we 've seen very clearly since last spring , government aid meant to avoid " systemic risk " creates risks far worse for the banking system .
Indeed , the acceptance of government aid , rather than a bank savior , is a death sentence for the weak and healthy alike .
Those that accept government money are no longer in business for profit , and worse , their existence is a cancer on the healthy firms in the banking system who must compete with financial institutions no longer serving profit - driven shareholders .
Systemic risk was the excuse for shedding free - market principles , but the far more treacherous risk of government ownership was seemingly never considered by many .
Unemployment .
Another argument underpinning the newly muscular economic role of the federal government involves jobs .
The saying goes that absent federal funds to prop up failing companies , job loss would be substantial , and recession a certainty .
This is certainly an intriguing thought , but then in any market economy jobs are constantly destroyed only for new ones to be created .
If there ’s any realistic driver of job growth , it has to do with labor supply ; the more individuals looking for work , the more jobs created .
And when we consider unemployment , it ’s not so much the result of businesses not hiring as it has to do with the failure of individuals to supply their labor at the present market rate .
Of greater importance is that human capital is precious .
Just as going - out - of - business sales at retail establishments attract all manner of buyers seeking value , layoffs , however painful they can be for the individual , create opportunities for rising businesses to hire workers that were previously too expensive .
In that sense , layoffs are a rare growth opportunity for scarce human capital that suddenly becomes available at a lower rate .
But least spoken of is the likely response of those not laid off in an uncertain economic environment .
When we consider that economic growth is always and everywhere the result of productive work effort , what better than a dicey job picture to scare those still employed into working much harder ?
And in addition to extra work effort , an unfortunate job environment frequently makes the prodigal spender parsimonious .
This is important considering that all profits result from past saving .
Looked at from an economic perspective , it ’s fair to presume that one reason recessions are frequently short has to do with the fear that they engender , which makes us work harder , and save more .
Our work grows the economy , and extra money saved is among other things lent to companies in need of capital in order to expand .
Stimulus .
Due to the economic slowdown , there ’s a misguided political consensus that the federal government must put money in peoples ’ pockets so that they go out and spend .
What ’s shocking here is that the basic argument contradicts itself .
Governments can only spend to the extent that past economic productivity has created profits to tax .
Bastiat used to say that we ca n’t profit from the same transaction twice , but in the bizarre world that is Washington , the basic laws of economics seemingly do n’t matter .
In the real world they do , and with economic growth a function of productive work , it should be said that stimulus can only shrink the economy for the alleged beneficiary who works less thanks to the handout .
And what about those taxed ?
If the productive see that their wealth will be handed to the indolent , do n’t they have less reason to work too ?
Lastly , it ca n’t be forgotten that government spending is a tax like anything else , and to the extent that governments spend , they are withholding capital from the laboring classes .
So even if we ignore the enervating nature of handouts , it should be said that the check arriving in the mail from Uncle Sam is money that was previously withheld from the average paycheck .
A look into the future .
As we try to figure out what our economy will look like in the future , there ’s plenty of scope for worry .
In addition to a growing deficit wrought by all manner of spending , probably the biggest challenge has to do with a business class that has forfeited a great deal of moral authority relative to the federal government .
While the U.S. economy has never in modern times been entirely free , companies could at least credibly say that federal bureaucrats should keep their distance when it comes to regulation .
But thanks to the willingness of certain entities to accept funds from our minders in Washington , they ’ll no longer be able to push back against the encroaching leviathan with as much vigor .
Instead , thanks to the original sin that involved accepting handouts , our once vibrant commercial class will have to take the bad with the alleged good in the form of greater regulation .
That is unfortunate , because as John Stuart Mill also wrote , “ The only insecurity which is altogether paralyzing to the active energies of producers , is that arising from the government , or from persons vested with its authority .
Against all other depredators there is a hope of defending oneself . ”
Sadly , we ’ve accepted the false God of government security , and with that we must now accept a certain level of paralysis that will enervate our entrepreneurial economy , and which will make us less prosperous as a result .
Tuesday , February 3 , 2009
Google Employees Facing Charges in Italy Over YouTube Video
MrBene in the forum writes :
While he was in Italy to deliver a talk , Google ’s Privacy [ Counsel ]
Peter Fleischer was picked up by officials to answer to charges of defamation and failure to exercise control over personal data due to a video posted on YouTube in 2006 .
The video was taken down within 24 hours of the receipt of the take down notice , as is required by an Internet service provider , but Italian public prosecutors are considering YouTube to be an Internet content provider .
The IAPP ( International Association of Privacy Professionals ) reports that “ Peter Fleischer was on his way into the University of Milan for a speaking engagement January 23 , 2008 when five law enforcement officials with summonses surrounded him . ”
They write :
The charges follow a two - year investigation by Italian authorities into footage uploaded onto Google Video that showed a disabled teen being disparaged by peers .
Google ’s Paris - based Global Privacy Counsel Peter Fleischer and three other executives charged in the case will appear before the Criminal Court of Milan on February 3 .
The charges carry a maximum sentence of 36 months . (...)
The video that sparked the investigation was captured in a Turin classroom .
Four high school boys were recorded taunting a young man with Down syndrome , ultimately hitting the 17 - year - old with a tissue box .
I asked Google for a statement , and they say :
As we have repeatedly made clear , our hearts go out to the victim and his family .
We are pleased that as a result of our co-operation the bullies in the video have been identified and punished .
However , we feel that bringing this case to court is totally wrong .
It ’s akin to prosecuting mail service employees for hate speech letters sent in the post .
What ’s more , seeking to hold neutral platforms liable for content posted on them is a direct attack on a free , open Internet .
We will continue to vigorously defend our employees in this prosecution .
[ Thanks MrBene ! ]
>>
More posts
Advertisement
By Daniel Emery
Technology reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The Ministry of Defence has lifted the lid on its Defence Technology Plan , the latest gadgets it hopes could help equip troops in the future .
Cameras that can see through dust and unmanned ground vehicles were among the devices on show on Thursday .
Although still in the early stages , experts say the kit could soon be " must have devices that may help save lives " .
The Minister for Defence Equipment and Support , Quentin Davies , said new technology was key to the MoD 's plans .
Damian Kemp , aviation editor for intelligence consultancy Jane's , told BBC News that work on unmanned ground vehicles ( UGV ) was in the same stage of development that unmanned air vehicles ( UAV ) was 20 years ago .
It wo n't stop a bullet , but used in conjunction with body armour , it could help save a soldier 's life
Richard Palmer
D3O " Back then , UAVs were nice to have .
Today they are something troops must have .
The Americans see UGVs as very valuable in keeping soldiers out of harm 's way .
" Soldiers are expensive and it's expensive if they get hurt , never mind the public image .
These devices can save lives and I imagine British troops would be very keen to get issued UGVs . "
Arms race Mr Davies said technology was key to staying one step ahead of the enemy .
" It is more vital than ever before that we exploit new and emerging technologies because the threats our troops face are always evolving , " he said .
The MoD spends nearly £ 2 m on research and development in science and some of the devices on show today were winners of the MoD 's Grand Challenge , a contest to identify promising battlefield robot technologies .
The Defence Technology Plan is spearheaded by the MoD 's research and development team .
Their science and technology director , Paul Stein , said the showcase was the first time that the MoD has publicised some of the challenges facing their long - term defence plans .
" The development of new technology could lead to significant benefits for future combat forces , " he said .
MoD 's technology goals Reducing the load a soldier has to carry from the current 75 kg to 25kg while improving personal protection levels Creating a new breed of fighting vehicles with capability of a battle tank but in an all - terrain vehicle weighing less than 30 tonnes Reducing the armed forces ' dependency on fossil fuels Developing the next generation of unmanned air vehicles ( UAV ) Understanding and defending the threats posed by cyber - warfare " The [ Defence Technology Plan ] sets out to encourage fresh thinking and engagement with new and existing defence technology suppliers . "
One of the exhibitors at the event , Richard Palmer from D3O , told the BBC that his product - a soft plastic polymer that turns solid if impacted - was already used by sportsmen and women , but could also be used by the military .
" The gel is already used in ski race suits , especially slalom skiers .
Getting hit by the gates at 60 miles per hour is like being hit with a baton , so this provides them with some protection .
" We 're working with the MoD to see if it could be used inside the lining of helmets .
" It wo n't stop a bullet , but used in conjunction with body armour , it could help save a soldier 's life " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By James Morgan
Science reporter , BBC News , Chicago
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
It is the ultimate " gentleman 's agreement " .
Rather than compete for females , male long - tailed manakins co-operate with their friends .
The tropical birds pair up to perform a courtship song and dance , but the alpha male gets the girl every time .
Meanwhile his " wingman " spends five years playing second fiddle .
But he eventually inherits the mating site .
The dance , dubbed " backwards leapfrog " , was filmed in Costa Rica by zoologists from the University of Wyoming .
At first glance , it appears like a competitive " dance-off " .
But in fact it is a co-operative pact between buddies , says Dr David McDonald , of Wyoming University .
" As far as I know it is the only example of male - male [ mating ] co-operation in the animal kingdom , " he told delegates at the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) meeting in Chicago .
" The male birds ' partnership lasts up to five years .
During that time , the beta male does not copulate .
" He has to wait until alpha male dies - he does n't kick him out .
So he may be waiting until he 's 10 , 15 or even older . "
Dynamic duo
The wingman may be equally as good at dancing as the alpha .
Nevertheless , he agrees to forego sex and let his buddy take the spoils .
If he hits the jackpot he is one of the most successful vertebrates on the planet earth
Dr McDonald , Wyoming University
In return , he will eventually inherit the mating site and become the alpha himself .
The deal could be compared to Gordon Brown and Tony Blair 's infamous " Granita pact " .
At the London restaurant , Brown allegedly agreed to support Blair in his bid for Prime Minister , on condition that he would eventually inherit the reins .
" It 's a rough life for a beta male manakin , " concedes Dr McDonald .
" But if he hits the jackpot he is one of the most successful vertebrates on the planet earth . "
The courtship duet is also highly unusual in evolutionary terms .
Most examples of co-operation in the animal kingdom involve either relatedness or kin selection , but neither is working here , says Dr McDonald .
" The way it works is he is helping establish a reputation for the dance site .
" The females do n't know the males individually .
They map the sites where males are doing really hot performances .
How well connected a young male is will predict how he will do - whether he becomes an alpha or a beta
Dr McDonald , Wyoming University
" Once a dance site has a strong reputation , females will keep coming back , even when it has a different alpha male .
" You do n't go to a restaurant because you know the chef - you go because you know the meal is good .
" In the same way , the female manakins are happy as long as the singing and dancing is good .
They let the males sort it all out . "
Social networking
But how do the males decide which of them is the alpha ?
It is not a case of who is a better dancer , says Dr McDonald .
" Was Michelangelo 's master a better artist than he was ?
Not necessarily , " says Dr McDonald .
What it comes down to is how " well connected " he is among his buddies .
" As males grow up , they go through a complex network of social interactions , " says Dr McDonald .
" How well connected a young male is will predict how he will do - whether he becomes an alpha or a beta .
" The males know all the other males .
" That 's why I call it Facebook for birds . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The amazing BMW R7 is one of the most important , innovative and visually stunning motorcycles ever produced .
Although this BMW is over 70 years old , it could almost be a contemporary concept .
It was shelved as WWII approached , and put in a box .
In 2005 , that box was opened , and BMW ’s Classic department started the restoration .
For more information about the project , check out this fascinating backgrounder from The Vintagent .
Apple 's uncertain future More Videos Quick Vote What should President Obama 's first priority be ?
Finalize a foreclosure plan
Work with Congress on economic stimulus
Fix the bank bailout program
Detail how he will cut the federal budget or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Shares of Apple Inc. jumped 9 % in after - hours trading Wednesday , after the computer and electronics maker said its fiscal first - quarter earnings soundly beat analysts ' estimates despite a difficult environment for tech sales .
The Cupertino , Calif . - based company reported net income rose almost 2 % to $ 1.61 billion , or $ 1.78 per share , in the three months ended Dec. 27 , compared with $ 1.58 billion , or $ 1.76 per share , a year ago .
Revenue rose 6 % to $ 10.17 billion from $ 9.61 billion .
Analysts were expecting earnings per share of $ 1.39 and sales of $ 9.74 billion , according to consensus estimates gathered by Thomson Reuters .
" Even in these economically challenging times , we are incredibly pleased to report our best quarterly revenue and earnings in Apple history , " Apple 's chief executive Steve Jobs said in a statement .
Apple sold 2.5 million Macintosh computers during the quarter , compared with 2.3 million a year ago , while sales of iPods increased 22.7 million from 22.1 million .
Quarterly iPhone sales were 4.4 million units , nearly double year - ago levels .
Looking ahead , Apple said it expects revenue in the range of about $ 7.6 billion to $ 8 billion in its fiscal second quarter and earnings per share of 90 cents to $ 1 .
Analysts expect revenue of $ 8.2 billion and earnings per share of $ 1.13 .
Apple said it recognized " adjusted sales " of $ 11.8 billion and " adjusted net income " of $ 2.3 billion in the quarter .
The adjustments reflect sales of iPhone contracts , which are typically spread over two years , and are not included as part of Apple 's earnings under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles .
Apple ( APPL ) shares added $ 7.57 to to $ 90.40 in after - hours trading after climbing 6 % higher in the regular session .
Earlier Wednesday , reports said the Securities and Exchange Commission opened an investigation into how Apple disclosed information regarding the health of CEO Steve Jobs .
Jobs announced last week that he would be on medical leave until the end of June , as his health problems had become " more complex " than previously thought .
That caught many investors off guard , coming only nine days after Jobs said he has a " hormone imbalance " that could be remedied with a " relatively simple and straightforward " treatment .
" Steve is the CEO of Apple , " Peter Oppenheimer , Apple 's chief financial officer told analysts in a conference call .
" He plans to remain involved in strategic decisions , while Tim runs day - to - day operations . "
Tim Cook , Apple 's chief operating officer , who is filling in for Jobs during his absence , said the company 's executives have a broad range of capabilities and that " the values of our company are extremely well entrenched . "
" Frankly , we do n't settle for anything less than excellence in all areas of our business , regardless of who is in what job , " he said .
Speculation about Jobs ' health has been widespread as his dramatic weight loss became increasingly apparent in recent months .
Some analysts have criticized Apple for not disclosing more details about Jobs ' condition , since he is so closely associated with the company 's overall identity .
Concern over Jobs ' health has been reflected in Apple 's stock price , said Chris Whitmore , an analyst who covers Apple for Deutsche Bank North America .
The stock was trading near $ 200 just over a year ago .
But Apple is " executing well " and its first - quarter guidance is " beatable , " Whitmore said .
" That 's allowing investors to refocus on the company 's fundamentals , which are pretty darn good , given this environment . "
' Waterboarding ' is torture : US attorney general - designate Agence France - Presse
Published : Thursday January 15 , 2009
Print This Email
This US attorney - general designate Eric Holder on Thursday said the interrogation technique known as ' waterboarding ' which simulates drowning , equated to torture .
" I agree with you Mr Chairman , waterboarding is torture , " Holder told Democratic Senator Patrick Leahy , who heads the Senate Judiciary Committee , during his confirmation hearing .
Holder was also asked whether he believed that the US president had the constitutional power to " immunize " an intelligence officer to carry out an act of torture on a terror suspect .
" No one is above the law , the president has a constitutional obligation to faithfully execute the law of the United States , " said Holder .
" It 's my belief that the president does not have the power that you have indicated . "
Holder was named by president - elect Barack Obama to serve as attorney general when he takes over the White House on Tuesday , and would be the first African - American to serve as the US government 's top lawyer .
Previous attorney general nominees under the Bush administration have declined to publicly describe waterboarding as torture .
Waterboarding , a staple of brutal interrogations from the Spanish Inquisition to Cambodia 's Khmer Rouge regime , usually consists of strapping down a captive , covering his face with a cloth and pouring water onto the cloth to simulate drowning .
The Central Intelligence Agency has admitted using the technique on Al - Qaeda suspects including alleged September 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed following the 2001 attacks , at a time when further strikes on the United States were believed to be imminent .
Rights groups have decried the technique as torture .
The Bush administration , which has said US interrogators do not currently use waterboarding , maintains that all interrogation tactics currently in use are legal .
On Monday , President George W. Bush said he hoped his successor Obama would carefully weigh keeping controversial interrogation tactics and other policies that his administration put in place to fight the " war on terror . "
MISSION VIEJO , Calif. , Feb. 4 ( UPI ) -- A 4 - year - old girl in Southern California was killed when she became trapped inside a washing machine , police said Tuesday .
The Los Angeles Times reported the child climbed into the front - loading washing machine at the family 's Mission Viejo , Calif. , home Monday afternoon .
Advertisement
Her mother told investigators the girl 's 15 - month - old brother managed to start the machine .
She said it was several minutes before she realized what had happened .
" The mother frantically tried to rescue the daughter and called paramedics , " Orange County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Jim Amormino .
Amormino said the incident was under investigation .
Sir Terry has sold more than 55 million books worldwide
Author Terry Pratchett has been knighted by the Queen at Buckingham Palace for services to literature .
Sir Terry , 60 , was named in the New Year Honours list .
Best known for his hugely popular Discworld series of comic fantasy novels , he has sold more than 55 million books worldwide .
In 2007 Sir Terry was diagnosed with early - onset Alzheimer 's disease and has since campaigned to raise awareness of the condition .
So , first show of the day was Abaete .
Needless to say , I was PUMPED !
I arrived at 10:30 backstage and was able to speak with David Cruz , head hairstylist for Redken , as well as Tina Turnbow with Tarte Cosmetics / Beauty.com .
Let me say , I LOVED the hair and make - up at this show .
Inspiration came from one single , photograph from the 18th century French Revolution .
Redken basically de-masculinized the look of a male mohawk and made it more feminine with lots of soft braids complete with bows at the bottom – so cute !
Many of the models even worked a slight mohawk of their own and pulled it off glamorously ( which is not something I think I could do ? ) .
Tina Turnbow used the same lip and cheek stain ( Blushing Bride from Tarte ) to give off a very natural , flushed look .
And she actually placed it high on the cheekbones instead of the apples to spice things up and give the face a fresh look ( all skincare was by Caudalie – amazing ! ) .
Turnbow used tinted moisturizer and very little powder ( only on the brows ! ) , but rather a mist to keep the skin looking young and fresh ( focus on the complexion ! ) .
She also used a small pointed brush close to the lashes to highlight the eye and make the lashes pop .
The soft , feminine make - up really offset the mostly gunmetal grey clothing so well .
And speaking of the clothes …fabulous !
I especially loved all of the slim pants paired with jackets and riding boots – equestrian chic !
Structured jackets mixed with ruffles and silk crepe balance each other , while one - shoulder dresses continue to be a standout for fall .
The mostly neutral palette of greys , blacks and blues was stunning , but the unexpected splash of regal purple and dusty rose really caught my eye .
The perfect ensemble for your French gentlemen in waiting , indeed .
P.S. This last one is the designer herself , Laura Poretzky !
Security operatives backed by snarling dogs have sealed off the Conisholme wind farm in Lincolnshire , to prevent alien hunters making off with the remains of the UFO which earlier this month seriously damaged one of the turbines , the Sun reports .
Ufologists are pretty well convinced there is an extraterrestrial explanation for the incident which saw one turbine blade ripped off and another seriously damaged by a vessel " about 170 ft long " following numerous reports of mystery " low - flying aircraft " , lights in the sky and , finally , a " big bang " .
Alien hunter Nick Pope had a light attack of the Area 51s , telling the Sun : “ There may be something they do n’t want people to see . ”
Dale Vince of Ecotricity , which operates the site , said last week : " We do n't have an explanation at the moment as to what the cause was .
We have been crawling all over it and have sent bits off for analysis to see if we can work out what caused it .
Until we have some idea , some plausible explanation that it was not a UFO , I do n't think we should rule it out . "
Well , German experts have indeed now moved in to attempt to pinpoint the cause of the carnage .
Should they prove that ET is n't actually to blame , the black helicopter mob have a fall - back position - an ultrasecret robot stealth aircraft project hinted at by MoD , according to the Sun .
Pope concluded : “ If a stealth aircraft struck the turbine , it may be made of some material which is itself classified above top secret . ”
El Reg rang the MoD for clarification as to what material it has which could be classified as more secret than top secret , but a spokesman said : " That 's so secret it 's beyond above top secret , I 'm afraid . " ®
Come join our team and help us move FORWARD TOGETHER !
The men and women of the DeKalb County Police Department proudly serve over 700,000 citizens within a 271 square mile radius .
It Is the department 's mission to enhance the quality of life in DeKalb County by working cooperatively with the public and within the framework of the U.S. Constitution to enforce the laws , preserve the peace , reduce fear and provide for a safe environment .
The DeKalb County Police Department was enacted by the General Assembly on August 17 , 1914 .
The DeKalb County Police Department currently operates out of four area precincts .
Within those precincts are approximately 860 sworn police officers and 232 support staff employees .
The DeKalb County Police Department is a CALEA accredited organization .
Its members are devoted to ensuring the community is a safe place to live and work .
For more information on the Police Officer position , click on ' Background and Recruiting ' in the left - hand column or click on the above picture .
Steroid tests turn up 11 violators in Texas high schools
That 's out of 29,000 students in Texas high schools
Recommended Video :
Nearly all of the students who tested positive during the yearlong program were football players or wrestlers and all were male .
Those tested were randomly selected from an estimated 740,000 student athletes .
State lawmakers are expected to propose scaling down the steroid program by using statistical sampling instead of the widespread testing — or limit it to certain sports , said Rep. Dan Flynn , R - Van .
“ It made parents more aware of the dangers of using those steroids and also coaches now realize that if they are not doing a better job of policing their athletes , they ’re going to lose them , ” said Flynn , who helped author the bill mandating random steroid drug testing .
The first positive test for anabolic steroid use triggers a 30 - day suspension from competition .
Allison Castle , a spokeswoman for Gov. Rick Perry , said the governor “ would be open ” to a scaled down steroid testing program .
Many Texas athletic coaches have said they believe education works better than an expensive testing and continue to question the merit of testing for steroids but not for recreational drugs .
Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst , a main backer of the steroid - testing program approved by lawmakers two years ago , wants to continue the project but is receptive to changes .
“ It is too early to determine what , if any , adjustments should be made to the program , but as with any important initiative like this , I am always looking for ways to make improvements , ” Dewhurst said .
Some high school coaches believe the money could be better spent .
A yearlong testing program that produces 11 positive results is not shocking , said B.F. Terry High School High football coach Tim Teykl
“ It is a comforting number to see .
You would like that … to be a zero , but this is n’t a perfect world that we live in , ” he said .
Sharpstown football coach Gary Gutierrez never cared for the steroids program in the first place , he said .
“ I understand why the testing was done .
You want to make sure kids are doing the right thing , he said .
“ I think these results show that kids are committed to doing that right thing and that success on the field is coming because of hard work more than anything else . ”
Districts undisclosed
The test results , showing a positive steroid result of only .03 percent indicates , “ it ’s not quite the epidemic that a lot of people feared it was , ” said D.W. Rutledge , executive director of the Texas High School Coaches Association .
“ There are a lot of concerns we have that this money could be used on , one being childhood obesity , another being recreational drugs , ” Rutledge said .
The fall testing period covered 12,159 boys representing 10 sports and 6,658 girls representing 12 sports .
Among them were more than 4,500 high school male football players and 1,089 female volleyball players , according to a report released Friday by the University Interscholastic League , which supervises the testing program .
It was the second round of testing .
The first round began last February and covered some 10,000 students .
Together , the two rounds have produced the 11 positive results .
Ten other cases need more follow - up tests .
UIL officials said they could not legally identify in which school districts students tested positive for steroid use .
“ Whether it was seven or 700 , at least those kids can be helped now , ” said Cinco Ranch volleyball coach Tammy Laurence .
“ We , as coaches , need to make sure our kids know the right way to become better athletes and the healthy way to do that . ”
gscharrer@express-news.net
jenny.dial@chron.com
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A national poll suggests that President - elect Barack Obama is more popular than ever despite recent speed bumps on the road to his inauguration .
President - elect Barack Obama , left , and his wife , Michelle Obama , shake hands with supporters on Saturday .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corp. survey released Sunday also indicates that most Americans see Obama 's inauguration as a chance for the nation to come together .
Eighty - four percent of those surveyed say they approve of how Obama is handling the presidential transition .
That 's up 2 points from the middle of December and up 5 points from the beginning of December .
The rise in approval also comes after a series of missteps in the Obama transition over the past few weeks : the announcement by New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson that he was withdrawing from his nomination as commerce secretary after news of a federal grand jury investigation in his home state ; the disclosure of Treasury Secretary - designate Timothy Geithner 's failure to pay $ 34,000 in taxes ; and pushback by Republicans and even some Democrats to Leon Panetta 's nomination as CIA director .
" If the public is blaming Obama for those missteps , it is n't registering in his approval rating , " CNN polling director Keating Holland said .
" You know the country is in the middle of a honeymoon when six in 10 Republicans have a positive view of Obama . "
The poll also indicates that six in 10 Americans think Obama 's inauguration will be a celebration in democracy .
Only four in 10 felt that way when George W. Bush was inaugurated as president eight years ago .
Watch with CNN !
Watch the historic inauguration of Barack Obama with CNN and the best political team on TV !
Tuesday , beginning 8 a.m. ET see full schedule »
The poll also suggests that those surveyed see Obama 's inauguration as a chance for the country to come together , rather than a political celebration , Holland said .
Thirty - nine percent of those questioned feel that Obama 's Inauguration is a celebration by supporters of the winning candidate , 33 percentage points lower than those who felt the same way about Bush 's 2001 inauguration .
" The public saw both of Bush 's inaugurations as celebrations just for his supporters , " Holland said .
The poll also suggests that 68 percent of those questioned are personally " thrilled or happy " that Obama will soon be inaugurated as president , 18 points higher than the way people felt in the days before President Bush 's second inauguration four years ago .
Expectations for Obama 's speech Tuesday appear to be quite high , with 85 percent predicting that his speech will be excellent or good .
That 's 24 points higher than the 61 percent who felt the same way about Bush 's first inauguration speech in 2001 .
Nine out of 10 African - Americans questioned in the poll say Obama 's election is a dream come true .
Six in 10 also say they 're thrilled by Obama 's impending inauguration .
Only a quarter of white respondents feel the same way .
Virtually every African - American in the survey says it is likely he or she will watch Tuesday 's ceremonies on TV .
Fifty - seven percent of whites say they are likely to do the same .
Virtually every African - American interviewed approves of how Obama has handled the transition .
" But there is a note of caution that tempers blacks ' enthusiasm about an Obama presidency , " Holland said .
" Most of them say the American public will hold Obama to a higher standard than past presidents because he is black .
Most whites say that Obama 's race will not matter in how he will be judged as president . "
The CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted from January 12 to 15 with 1,245 adult Americans , including 798 whites and 332 African - Americans , questioned by telephone .
The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for the overall responses and plus or minus 5.5 percentage points for the questions broken down by race .
All About Barack Obama • Opinion Research Corporation • George W. Bush
MC Hammer is many things .
Spoken - word poet .
Interpretive dancer .
Trendsetter .
And now , at long last , Internet Empresario .
Advertisement
How does such a critical darling make the nigh - impossible transition from world - class entertainer to maverick visionary iPhone app maker ?
Let 's run over the list of what this world - shaking app can do :
1 . Watch the music video for " Pumps and a Bump . "
2. Follow Hammer 's latest exploits on Twitter , like : " My Wife better be ready when Daddy get home !!!
Too Sexy Fo My.. "
3. Read Hammer 's blog , which in a feat of synergy is pretty much just his Twitter but with videos .
Advertisement
The HammerTime app is available for free from the iTunes store .
[ Thanks , Joel ! ]
You know , if I were the equivalent of Jerry Falwell or Fred Phelps , I might wonder what scientific sacrilege Texas had committed to be the victim of so much debris falling from the sky .
First the fireball , and now a heavily battered piece of metal which dropped into a house the other day .
I first heard of it when someone sent me the link to an alert in Hungary , of all places ( you gotta love an Emergency and Disaster Information Service that has a listing for " Cosmic Event " ) .
But when I read the copy , the description was familiar ...
A Dallas , Texas family got a rude surprise when they came home Wednesday [ Feb. 25 ] .
They discovered a gaping hole in their roof , another hole in a bedroom and a chunk of metal on their kitchen floor .
It was described as a 6 - pound piece of metal with two drill holes in it .
Six pounds ?
Two holes in it ?
Wait a sec , that sounds like the grinder tip that fell on a New Jersey warehouse last week !
Sure enough , Dallas News picked up the story , and the picture they posted ( small version shown here , click to embiggen ) clinches it .
That 's no meteorite , no piece of satellite debris .
Despite it being a lot more worn and slagged , it 's obvious that it 's another grinder tip , a large piece of metal that acts like a giant tooth in an industrial grinder .
I 'm guessing that these things move at high speed around a belt , and sometimes dislodge , flinging them high in the air .
What amazes me is timing !
We have two of these flying through buildings a thousand kilometers and roughly a week apart , which is small number statistics but implies that these things happen fairly often .
But the tip is big , and heavy , and flies at high speed ; you 'd think that if this were a common occurrence we'd see a few people getting killed by them !
After all , these grinders are not in the the middle of the ocean , they would be in populated areas , where living , breathing targets are abundant .
So either this does n't happen all that often , or that even in densely populated areas we 're still rather spread out , making us hard to hit .
Or maybe people do n't report it very much ... but with all the news about death ( or really bad bruising ) from the skies lately , maybe we 'll hear more .
So if a giant lump of metal with two hexagonal holes in it slams through your house and scares your cat , send me a note .
Or send one to Fred Phelps .
After all , he 's the one who says God hates slags* .
^* Note for you UK folks : in the U.S. , " slag " is a piece of industrial dross , throwaway metal leftover from various processes .
However , given what it means on your side of the pond , this joke takes on another meaning which matches Phelps ' even better , making me laugh even more .
Firefox was the fastest growing popular web browser in 2008 and its chances are bright to be fastest growing web browser .
There are lots of ease provided by the firefox and this is the main reason for its popularity .
There are lots of free download able extensions and add - ons available on the internet for firefox , we also featured them before and there demands are increasing every day .
In this post , I am listing down 21 Amazing Firefox Ad - Ons That You Must - Have In 2009 .
You are welcome to share if you want to share more firefox ad - ons that you think we all should have in 2009 to feel a better browsing experience that our readers / viewers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter as well .
You may be interested in our other related post
11 Free Firefox 3 Themes You Probably Never Use Before
17 Amazing Firefox Add- Ons For Social And Communication Purpose
13 Amazing Firefox Add-Ons To Make Designers Lives Easier
9 Amazing Firefox Add- Ons That Will Save Your Time !
Xoopit
Get Xoopit to Upgrade Gmail to search , browse & share files , photos & videos .
Use Google Search while composing mail in Gmail .
Get information about people in a Gmail conversation .
Xoopit works for Gmail , Google Mail and Google Apps users .
Inquisitor
Inquisitor speeds up your searches like no other .
Start typing and websites appear instantly , along with suggestions to help refine your search .
Inquisitor understands you , learning and tailoring your results as you search more .
Hide Navigation Bar
This extension enables you to hide the navigation bar through a toggle button .
Currently the toggle button is the F2 key .
You can change the key in the extensions options , as well as configure whether you want the Navigation Bar to be displayed on an initial Firefox launch .
Also allows you to enable an Auto - Hide mode if you wish to use that instead .
ScribeFire Blog Editor
ScribeFire is a full - featured blog editor that integrates with your browser and lets you easily post to your blog .
You can drag and drop formatted text from pages you are browsing , take notes , upload images , and post to multiple blogs .
Interclue
Ever wanted to know what was behind the link before you clicked ?
Interclue tells you everything you need to know before you open yet another tab .
Evernote
This will Provides a button and context menus to easily add a selection or an entire page to Evernote .
It can works on Windows , Mac & Linux .
Glubble for Families
Glubble evolves the web from a personal activity into a fun experience for the whole family .
Parents and children connect , play , discover and learn through fun activities .
A family page , games , chat , surfing , play art , educational exercises and more .
Fotofox
You can easily select , tag , title and upload pictures from your computer to an online photo service .
It will works with Flickr , Tabblo , 23hq , SmugMug , Marela , Kodak EasyShare Gallery , Pixelpipe , and Zooomr .
Cooliris
Cooliris ( formerly PicLens ) transforms your browser into a visually stunning , lightning fast way to search , discover , view and share online photos , videos and more .
Their unique “ 3D Wall ” lets you effortlessly zoom your way around thousands items on a single , ever - expansive wall .
It ’s the fastest way to search and enjoy Google Images , YouTube , Flickr , Hulu , and hundreds of other sites .
Foxmarks Bookmark Synchronizer
If you use Firefox on more than one computer , you ’ll want Foxmarks .
Install Foxmarks on each computer , and it works silently in the background to keep your bookmarks and ( optionally ) passwords synchronized .
Foxmarks also keeps your data backed up and safe from computer failures .
If you ’re away from your computer , Foxmarks allows you to access your bookmarks online by logging into my .foxmarks.com .
Fast Dial
Fast Dial replaces blank tabs with a panel of thumbnails of your favorite sites .
Â Fast Dial bookmarks are stored as Firefox bookmarks .
Thus it ’s possible to manage Fast Dial bookmarks using Firefox Bookmark Manager and Bookmark Sidebar .
Yoono
Yoono simplifies your social life on the web by centralizing all your social networks and instant messaging in one easy to use browser sidebar .
Get all your friend updates automatically wherever you are on the web and update your status instantly across Facebook , MySpace , Twitter , and more .
Shareaholic
If you use sites like Facebook , MySpace , Digg , Gmail , Twitter you ’ll want Shareaholic .
Winner of the Extend Firefox contest , Shareaholic enables you to quickly , and very easily share , bookmark , and e-mail web pages via a wide array of your favorite web 2.0 social networking & bookmarking sites — such as Digg , Facebook , Gmail , MySpace , StumbleUpon , and many many others .
NoScript
The best security you can get in a web browser .
It allow active content to run only from sites you trust , and protect yourself against XSS and Clickjacking attacks .
DownThemAll
DownThemAll is all you can desire from a download manager .
It features an advanced accelerator that increases speed up to 400 % and it allows you to pause and resume downloads at any time .
Power Twitter
Power Twitter adds features to the Twitter Web interface including displaying Flickr photo and YouTube videos .
TinyURL links are also unwound to show the destination page title .
Finally , any additional social information ( blogs , photos , etc. ) that match for the Twitter user are displayed in a news feed in the side bar of the Twitter page .
Toggle Private Browsing
Toggle Firefox ’s built - in private browsing mode with a toolbar or status bar button .
You can also toggle Firefox to auto - start in private browsing mode .
OutWit ImagesÂ
OutWit Images allows users to quickly navigate through Web pages and search engine results to harvest countless images automatically or manually .
It is a free Firefox 3 add - on compatible with Windows , Mac OS , and Linux .
OutWit Images distinguishes itself by allowing users to easily save the pictures onto their hard disk while they browse through the results .
Juice
Juice by Linkool Labs is an intelligent discovery engine that integrates seamlessly with your browser .
Highlight and move a chunk of text , and Juice directly delivers a set of rich , relevant content ( e.g. news , blog posts , photos , videos etc. ) to a sidebar area of your browser .
You can bookmark and organize your content for current or time - shifted consumption .
TooManyTabs
TooManyTabs allows you to store up to over 50 tabs in multiple extra rows in your browser by a simple click .
It saves your browser ’s space and memory as idle tabs are put aside .
The extra rows also help to better prioritize and visualize your tabs .
Sxipper
Sxipper makes interacting with the Web simpler by keeping track of an unlimited number of usernames , passwords and personal information such as name , address , phone numbers , etc .
Presented as you need it , Sxipper securely stores this personal data on your computer .
The point of this can therefore never be to get truly reliable information .
The purpose is to get answers the victim imagines the torturers want to hear .
This might be the truth ; or it might be a desperate untruth .
The point is that the tortured is brought to the point when such distinctions are less meaningful than simply ending the ordeal .
Moreover , the power that torture gives to torturers is an inherently total and invariably corrupting one .
It darkens the souls of those tasked with carrying it out ; and more profoundly poisons the entire polity that authorizes it .
I still cannot quite believe that conservatives of all people wanted to give this kind of total power to an executive whose authority exists outside the law and is answerable only to a single " accountability moment " every four years .
I also find it hard to believe that because of the example set by the commander - in - chief , so many American servicemembers in Iraq and elsewhere came to believe that torture was justified , and acted accordingly .
By 2005 , as Petraeus recognized , the rot had gone deep .
But back to Orwell .
For Orwell , in Nineteen Eighty - Four particularly , eschewing torture is about saving the possibility of truth ( the best other evocations of this point that I 've come across can be found in plays :
The Crucible and , more recently , The Pillowman ) .
The torture of Winston Smith is designed specifically to force him to say that two and two equals five , just as the point of the " enhanced interrogation techniques " once used on John McCain was to get him to say things that were untrue .
And it worked .
If it really works , torture will force someone actually to believe that two and two equals five .
And when you look at the mental case that became of the tortured American , Jose Padilla , you see how that can happen .
The man was made mad by Bush - authorized brutality and sadism .
( And the original charges against him were reduced to something not even Cheney Republicans would imagine deserve torture .
Padilla , in fact , is the classic " ticking time bomb " case they cite so often .
They claimed he had one ; they tortured him because of it ; and it was , of course , untrue .
They carried on torturing him , until he could barely speak without spasming .
And then they got him on pretty trivial charges . )
Does torture become something less awful when we do it ?
Is it a function of " paranoia " to worry about it when it 's done by Americans or Brits ?
When a " good man " like George W. Bush does it ?
When a personally humane person like Donald Rumsfeld does it ?
When we know our motives are good ones ?
Orwell 's answer is categorical .
That 's why he set Nineteen - Eighty - Four in his native England :
The scene of the book is laid in Britain in order to emphasize that the English - speaking races are not innately better than anyone else .
Do you believe that or not ?
Churchill did n't , which is why , despite a 9/11 every week in London during the Blitz , he never capitulated to the evil he was fighting against .
Bush and Cheney , in contrast , made it standard operating procedure after one attack by people armed with nothing but box - cutters and our fear .
History , as John Ashcroft once said , will not be kind .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Beauty Without Borders ( BWB )
Astronomers Without Borders
Sidewalk Astronomers
is a project ofandThrough BWB , we hope to share the beauty of the celestial events .
Email : beautywithoutborders.bwb@gmail.com
Dish readers will know my own conflicted feelings about the selection of Rick Warren for the Inaugural Invocation .
But feelings must at some point cede to reason .
And I sense an understandable but , the more I think about it , misjudged response on the part of my fellow gays and lesbians .
In our hurt , we may be pushing away from a real opportunity to engage and win hearts and minds .
Here 's Glenn Greenwald :
Reasonable arguments can certainly be advanced in defense of the virtues of Obama 's post - partisan theory of politics .
But it 's simply unreasonable to depict any of it as new .
It 's exactly what Democrats have been clinging to , desperately and mostly with futility , for two decades at least .
I disagree .
I think Obama is different .
I think the earnestness and sincerity of his campaign , and its generational force , have given us a chance for something new , and I fear that in responding too viscerally to the Warren choice , we may be throwing something very valuable away far too prematurely .
There is no question that gays and lesbians have made enormous strides in explaining who we are in the last couple of decades .
There is equally no question that Obama has substantively committed his administration to more gay inclusion and gay equality than any president in history .
We absolutely do need to be vigilant on this .
But we should also understand Obama 's attempt to bridge some gaps in America that the Clintons , with their boomer baggage and Dick Morris cynicism , could n't and did n't .
This is what matters .
Do gays and lesbians want to be a part of this - or sit fuming on the sidelines at symbolic slights ?
I know the arguments against this , and if Obama delivers nothing on gay equality , the critics will have every reason to complain loudly , as they should .
But I 'm not going there yet .
And the truth is : if we cannot engage a Rick Warren on the question of our equality , we may secure a narrow and bitter victory in some states ( just as the Christianists won a narrow and bitter victory in California in November ) .
But we will not win the bigger argument and our victories will lack the moral legitimacy they deserve .
+ 57
Library • Villanueva , Colombia Architects : Carlos Meza , Alejandro Piñol , Germán Ramírez , Miguel Torres
Area Area of this architecture project Area : 1551 m²
Year Completion year of this architecture project Year : 2006
Text description provided by the architects .
Introduction
If sustainable buildings can be understood as the resourceful result from the use of local materials , local workforce , economical restrictions , climatic particularities and a projected low maintenance , the Public Library for the tropical city of Villanueva in Colombia can be understood as such .
Before the project had to face with such realities , we began intuitively with a strong urban spatial proposal , dressed in a minimal handcrafted technical solution .
Also , and because it was the result of a national public contest won against all odds by four young architects , the ingenuity of the project 's radical proposals met with the crude reality ( and lots of engineers , experts , etc ) , resulting in the end in a built fresh statement .
Rational programme
It 's a building consisting of two different compact volumes , one houses the public library in the second floor and the complementary program in the first floor ( theatre , kids library , administration offices , work spaces , bathrooms ) , and the other volume shelters a public corridor - plaza .
Materials as political agents
Each of these volumes is built in separate techniques and materials , one in stone gabions ( taken under permission from a nearby river ) and the other one in pine wood ( taken from an ecologically controlled planted forest ) .
In the middle , five metallic white lattice boxes group the program , allowing the air to run though and also creating an open atmosphere where you can see both the wood and the stone .
The final outside image renders a monumental project given its scale in the context , but a the same time a down - to - earth sort - of craftsmanship result , an hommage to local made - by - hand objects for the daily life , in short , a minimal tropicallized modern building built for / out of the site .
Context is everything
In a country like Colombia where the overstretched - in - time armed conflict affects everybody in one way or another , a cultural project like VPL can't escape this fact , even less if you understand that Villanueva was a hotspot in the middle of a local war between armed groups where the civilians suffered the consequences ; the building 's technique can be seen as a mediator in the post - conflict process , indirectly becoming a project for renewal , for healing .
The building process attracted attention and many former outlaw militants joined the workforce as " reinserted " civilians .
This meant , from the heart of the project that we had to ease the techniques , to be even more inclusive , to reinvent what social means not only in the result but also in the process : workshops had to be improvised within the construction site , where new people kept coming in to offer their hands : quilt strategy .
More than housing books , the function offered by the library opens up spaces to rewrite the local history .
Fire has long been a feature of the Australian bush , with the plants and animals adapted to regular , natural infernos .
For thousands of years , Aborigines lived with the flames too , using them to improve forest access and increase the size of hunting grounds .
But as more people have moved to live in the bush and the urban fringes , the risk to them and their property has grown .
The weekend 's terrible death toll has already prompted questions about the country 's " stay - and - defend " policy , which encourages homeowners to stay and fight the flames .
Many victims are believed to have perished in their cars as they realised too late that they would not be safe if they had stayed .
There are also questions about the consequences of fire risk reduction measures practised over the last few decades : preventing regular fires means the amount of burnable wood grows year - by - year , risking even greater firestorms .
" The mismanagement of the south - eastern forests of Australia over the last 30 or 40 years by excluding prescribed burning and fuel management has lead to the highest fuel concentrations we have ever had in human occupation , " said David Packham , a bush fire researcher at Monash University , Australia .
" The state has never been as dangerous as what it is now and this has been quite obvious for some time . "
He said Australia 's modern inhabitants needed to learn from the way the Aborigines had deliberately allowed some areas to burn in order to protect others .
" There has been a total lack of willingness to instigate a proper fuel reduction management programme based on the skills and understanding of indigenous people who , after all for tens of thousands of years , were the stewards of our environment .
We have thumbed our noses at what these people did and knew and we just can't keep on doing it . "
But Stefan Doerr , a wild fire expert at the University of Swansea , and editor - in - chief of the International Journal of Wildland Fire , said the case for such " prescribed burning " was not clear cut .
" They have to be very carefully managed because every single one may escape control and cause a real bush fire . "
They must be carried out in ideal weather conditions and require detailed planning .
Steep hillsides , common in Victoria , can make controlled burns difficult , while large portions of eastern Australian forests are often too wet to burn in winter .
The best way to reduce fire risk is to allow regular , smaller fires that break out naturally to run their course and use up available fuel , he said .
" Though clearly that 's easier said than done when people are around , " said Doerr .
A zero -tolerance approach to fire , as practiced through much of the US , can simply store up the problem , he said .
" The bottom line is that as long as we are willing to live in areas that are very flammable then we are going to have to live with the risk of fire . "
Fire breaks bulldozed into forests to prevent flames from spreading would have done nothing against the fires , he added .
Intense fires in tinder - dry eucalyptus forest spread through flying embers , which can be carried by the winds to trigger new blazes several kilometres away .
" Once you have a fire burning in the crowns [ tree tops ] there is relatively little anyone can do . "
A special factor in Australian bushfires , said Dr Clifford Jones , at the University of Aberdeen , is that eucalypts , which dominate the Australian landscape , release very flammable oil .
" This is stored in ' glands ' in the leaves and is released when the leaves start to heat up ... and undoubtedly adds to the vigour – and therefore the hazards . "
" With climate change models predicting an even drier and hotter Australia in coming decades , the scene could well be set for even worse to come , " said Professor Bill McGuire , at University College London .
« Sheriff halts sale of foreclosed homes | Main | Excellent video !
Show to all the children : " The American form of government " - a clarification of the political spectrum »
No to the execution of Troy Davis !
Spread this .
The 11th circuit court will either decide in favor of life or death for Troy Davis any day now .
But he has been waiting for justice for 18 years .
Forward this video to someone who has not heard the Troy Davis story and help shed light on injustice .
Dear Juan ,
The state of Georgia seems determined to kill Troy Davis .
But your thousands of calls , faxes and emails have sent a powerful message that such an injustice is totally unacceptable .
Georgia officials need to keep hearing your voice : Ask Governor Perdue to stop the execution of Troy Davis .
You ’ve heard the facts already :
- 7 of the 9 witnesses have recanted their testimonies
- No murder weapon nor any physical evidence has been found to link Troy to the crime
- One of the remaining two witnesses has even been implicated as the real killer
Despite this mounting evidence in favor of Troy ’s freedom , he continues to wait on death row .
Watch and share the story of Troy Davis by forwarding this new video to friends , family and supporters of human rights .
We are anxiously awaiting the court ’s response to the latest round of arguments in Troy ’s case that could be handed down at any moment .
So the fate of Troy Davis is still very much in limbo .
We need you to continue rallying support by spreading this video of Troy ’s story any way that you can .
Each time you forward this video to a new person , you help build a stronger case for Troy and help tip the scale in favor of justice .
In Solidarity ,
Sue Gunawardena - Vaughn
Director , Death Penalty Abolition Campaign
Amnesty International USA
February 3 , 2009 in Current Affairs | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451d3ac69e2011168437139970c
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference No to the execution of Troy Davis !
Spread this .:
Comments
The comments to this entry are closed .
During 2012 the on- line version was reformatted to keep the pages ( but not individual lines ) in agreement with the original 1981 edition , the typeface was changed from Computer Modern to Times , an ISBN number has been added , and errors that had been discovered were corrected .
The authors permit this PDF file of our book to be freely copied , distributed and printed , for non-commercial educational purposes , by anyone , anywhere , including educational institutions and libraries .
Feel free to download and print off your own copy .
And be sure to tell others that this text is once again available !
Colleagues have noted the value of downloading a copy and attaching it to their webpage , especially for the benefit of their students who may not have fast access to this site .
Please feel free to do this as well .
And it would be appreciated if you put a link to this site , www.math.uwaterloo.ca/~snburris, on your web page so your students can easily find the other files and interactive programs available here .
PDF file
H.P. Sankappanavar ( sankapph@newpaltz.edu )
Apple 's ( AAPL ) iPod touch is a hit , and PC makers like Dell ( DELL ) and Asus are doing good business selling cheap , small " netbook " laptops .
It 's time for Steve Jobs to smash them together into a killer multi - touch tablet .
We 're calling ours the iPod touch HD for now , and we 're hoping we can buy it before next Christmas .
What is it ?
A tablet computer with a 7 - or 8 - inch multi - touch screen -- about four times the iPod touch screen area -- with Apple 's OS X built in .
This includes wi-fi access to iTunes for music and movies , optional 3G service ( or wi- fi / Bluetooth tethering to an iPhone for Internet access ) , and access to the App Store .
Important : No keyboard .
Keyboards add bulk and weight , and are hardly useful in miniaturized form .
If anything , let us hook up an external Apple wireless keyboard for another $ 79 .
But an on - screen , multi - touch keyboard will be more than enough for typing short messages , filling out Web forms , and reading .
What will we use it for ?
Everything we use the iPhone for , except phone calls .
And many things we use our computer for , except everywhere .
This includes : Listening to music , watching videos , surfing the Web , reading e-books and Instapaper articles , playing games , writing blog posts , etc .
We wo n't use it for Photoshop or anything we need a real file system for .
But that 's okay -- that 's why we have a computer at work and at home .
How much ?
We 're hoping for $ 600 , or $ 700 with more memory .
Halfway between the MacBook and the iPhone , right where it belongs .
But it 's likely Apple would charge another $ 100 or $ 200 .
That 'll probably fly with early adopters for long enough until Apple can make them cheaper .
Sure , we 've seen this before .
Remember the Palm Foleo ?
Or the big , bulky tablets that PC companies are selling with swivel keyboards ?
No worries .
The Foleo was a dud -- mostly because it was designed to complement a Palm ( PALM ) Treo , which was already a dinosaur .
And PC companies are trying to ship bulky tablets that run bulky copies of Windows Vista -- overkill , but that 's all they have .
Apple 's multi-touch , lightweight edition of OS X , iTunes sync , and App Store are exclusive .
And they 're exactly how to make a tablet computer work .
So when can we buy ours ?
See Also :
Apple iPod Touch A Big Christmas Winner
How To Get Rich Selling iPhone Apps : Start Recording Your Farts
i Phone , iPod Touch Browser Share Skyrockets On Christmas
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement President Robert Mugabe , Zimbabwe 's controversial ruler , has reached his 85th birthday .
To mark the occasion , the BBC's African Perspective programme asked his former friends , employees and interviewers to recall their most memorable encounters with " Uncle Bob " , as he is known in Zimbabwe .
WILF MBANGA , EDITOR , THE ZIMBABWEAN I remember very well how I first met Robert Mugabe .
In 1974 , I did a series of profiles of nationalist leaders who had come out of jail .
We had not had pictures or heard of them for years .
I went round interviewing all of them .
One man stood out .
Robert Mugabe .
His supporters were engaged in a war with [ Prime Minister ] Ian Smith 's army .
And yet he was talking of forgiveness
Happy Birthday , Mugabe ?
He was the one without any hatred for the white man .
He hated the system but he bore no grudges .
He was like a breath of fresh air .
My kind of man .
He very quickly became my friend .
And he would come to my house .
Most people found him very cold , but once he opened up , you saw another side of him - how relaxed he could be .
I remember we would have music on my gramophone .
Sometimes we would sing along to Pat Boone and Jim Reeves and so on .
He does have a funny side .
I have n't seen that lately , though .
Poisoned friendships
I first noticed a change in him soon after the referendum on our constitution in 2000 , which was rejected by Zimbabweans .
He was now angry .
He believed white Zimbabweans had influenced black Zimbabweans to reject his constitution .
Mugabe :
The survivor His language had changed .
He said , " The white man is our enemy . "
He was beside himself with anger .
That was a different Mugabe to the one I had met back in 1974 .
Remember , back then , he had just come out of jail .
His son had died while he was inside and he was n't allowed to bury him .
His supporters were engaged in a war with [ Prime Minister ] Ian Smith 's army .
And yet he was talking of forgiveness .
You might remember the speech in 1980 , at the end of the war , where he talked of reconciliation .
I remember listening with tears running down my cheeks , when he said , " Let 's turn our swords into ploughshares .
Let 's forget the past .
Let 's look to the future .
" Even if yesterday you were my enemy , " he said , " today you are my friend . "
In 2000 , they were no longer his friends .
It was now foreigners , whites , Americans , British who were " poisoning our people " .
We were at war .
They wanted to " re-colonise our country " .
In Africa , what he was saying found resonance .
How come 250,000 whites own the majority of land in a black country ?
This was wrong .
And with one swing , one argument , everybody believed him .
But we were not told the real story .
What he wanted was simply to stop the opposition .
Watching opponent Morgan Tsvangirai become prime minister earlier this month
ANDREW MUTANDWA , FORMER PRESS SECRETARY TO MUGABE
We did not read him right , in the beginning .
We were hungry for a hero .
A lot of us had never met a black person who was so eloquent .
A man who appeared so intelligent , and so powerful .
He is a very hard task master .
When you are working for him on a speech , he does n't want to see a comma out of place .
By the mid 1980s , I started sensing he was losing interest in what the world said
Even if that speech is just for him , he wants to make sure that all the punctuation , the grammar , the spelling , everything is perfect .
My days started quite early .
I was listening to international broadcasts - Voice of America , Radio Moscow , BBC World service - to find things that were relevant to Zimbabwe .
In the early years , Mr Mugabe showed quite a lot of interest .
He felt that he had been out of the loop and he wanted to catch up with what was happening in the world .
By the mid 1980s , I started sensing he was losing interest in what the world said or what was going on in the world .
He had already decided what his own kind of world was going to be like .
Robert Mugabe ( l ) at Lancaster House , London , 1979 , with his rival Joshua Nkomo
JULIAN MARSHALL , BBC FOCUS ON AFRICA PRODUCER , 1975 - 90 Robert Mugabe first came into my consciousness in the mid-1970s when the war against the white supremacist government was starting to take off .
At that particular time , Mugabe was very anxious to become the leader of Zanu and challenge the current leader Reverend Ndabaningi Sithole .
Mugabe made a broadcast on [ BBC ]
Focus on Africa in which he explicitly challenged his leadership .
It was successful because he knew there would be those listening in the camps in Mozambique who would support him and move against Sithole .
And this was exactly what happened .
ROBERT MUGABE Born : 1924 Trained as a teacher 1961 : Married Ghanaian Sally Hayfron 1964 : Imprisoned by Rhodesian government 1980 : Wins post - independence elections 1996 : Marries Grace Marufu 2000 : Loses referendum 2000 : Land invasions start 2002 : Wins presidential elections , dismissed by Western observers 2008 : Disputed election results ; agrees power - sharing deal with MDC I got to know Mr Mugabe a lot better at the Lancaster House talks in 1979 .
This was a conference called by Britain inviting all the involved parties to try to resolve the conflict in Zimbabwe .
Mugabe headed his Zanu- delegation .
He seemed like a very slight figure , always wearing a scarf to guard against the British cold .
A very ascetic , very intense individual ; very focused ; he was very much a contrast to his major political opponent Joshua Nkomo , who was a large man given to emotional outbursts .
Mugabe was very much the counterpoint to that , an intellectual who knew exactly what he wanted .
At that time he was portrayed in the British media as a terrorist .
I think he was aware that that was the label .
But he knew exactly what he wanted and managed to get it all at Lancaster House .
Pent - up anger During the conference , Mr Mugabe moved out of the London hotel provided for him by the British government .
Mr Mugabe was convinced the British government was spying on him
He was convinced it had been bugged , so that any discussions he might have been having with members of his delegation were being listened to by the British government .
I and anyone who met him were impressed by what seemed to be his very spartan lifestyle .
He was n't given to overt luxury , certainly not to visitors .
That had probably come about as a result of the time he spent in prison and his early education which was at the hands of Catholic Jesuits .
In a way there was a sense of pent - up anger I think .
He kept the lid on for the most part because he needed to at that time .
Apparently he was a very different character when he was back in Mozambique .
From the experience of former guerrillas who opposed his leadership it was clear that he was capable of extreme ruthlessness .
I do n't think Robert Mugabe has ever been a likable individual or cared much about being liked .
I think he wants to be respected and more latterly he wants to be feared .
' Gay mafia '
At one point I put it to him : " Do you ever get out ?
Do you ever see the appalling state of your schools and hospitals ? "
He said to me , " Julian , that is a very homosexual question . "
At that time , the [ British ] government of Tony Blair contained a couple of ministers who were homosexual .
Mr Mugabe referred to them as " the gay mafia " .
He thought homosexuals were out to get him .
And therefore anybody who criticised him became " homosexual " .
All of these things became conflated in his mind .
" If you are not for me , you are against me . "
He was n't the sort of person you could establish any sort of personal chemistry with .
You were always aware of there being a certain distance .
But that does n't mean to say he was n't capable of greeting you in a familiar way .
He used to make a point of attending cricket matches .
The white spectators were always very pleased to see him there .
He was referred to affectionately as " Uncle Bob " .
For me , it has always been an enigma as to at what point he changed .
Tune into the BBC World Service to listen to African Perspective 's : Meeting Bob on Saturday 21 February at 2106 GMT .
The programme will be available for a week on the website .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CBS Outdoor , which handles ad space in the stations , began selling entire stations to advertisers about 10 years ago , letting them wrap poles and put graphics on the floors .
More recently , it has offered stairs and the full interior of trains to advertisers for a technique known as a “ wrap . ”
And this year , it is getting even more creative .
“ Advertisers , especially in this environment , are looking to do something different and be noticed , ” said Jodi Senese , the executive vice president for marketing for CBS Outdoor .
“ When something is new , clearly there ’s an opportunity to make a big splash , ” she said .
This week , the company began testing advertising on a large display , almost the size of a movie screen , mounted above a passageway by the 7 train in Times Square .
Because the New York subway runs 24 hours a day , it is difficult to put ads on the far side of subway tracks .
Consequently , CBS is considering projecting images across the track .
They will be similar to ads that are projected onto station walls , which CBS began about two years ago .
There is a projection ad for Asics in Union Square , in the passageway between the N , Q , R and W lines and the Lexington Avenue line , and one for the Navy at Grand Central , in the corridor to the shuttle .
Both the arms of turnstiles and the entire turnstile structures are available to advertisers .
And starting in 2009 , CBS will sell advertisers exterior panels — thinner versions of the horizontal advertisements that buses carry — on the 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 and shuttle trains .
These panels are already in place on some 1 , 3 , 4 , 7 and shuttle trains , where the History Channel is the first advertiser to use them .
It is promoting its “ Cities of the Underworld ” series .
( NaturalNews )
A report by Toronto Public Health advises children to limit their use of cell phones as much as possible , citing studies that have linked long - term mobile phone exposure to an increased risk of brain tumors .
"
We think it 's responsible to limit children 's exposure , " the researchers wrote .
" While scientists were pretty dismissive of any risk years ago , with the accumulation of studies , it appears people who have been using their phones for a long period of time are at greater risk of certain kinds of brain tumors . " said report co-author Loren Vanderlinden .
Toronto Public
Health recommends that children use land lines whenever possible , using mobile phones only for " essential purposes . "
When cell phones are used , the report urges children to keep calls shorter than 10 minutes and to use headsets or other hands - free devices as much as possible .
Limiting cellular phone use is especially important for pre-adolescents , the authors said .
" Teach [ children ] the ways to use a cell phone responsibly , " Vanderlinden advised parents .
" To make shorter calls , to use other modes of communication ; if it 's possible , use a landline .
" Researchers suspect that the thinner skulls and smaller heads of children place them at greater risk than adults from the same degree of mobile phone radiation .
Indeed , some studies have confirmed that cell phone radiation penetrates deeper into the brains of children than adults .
The use of cellular phones has dramatically increased in Canada over the last 10 years , particularly among children .
Approximately 61 percent of children between the ages of 12 in 19 now use mobile phones .
The numbers for children under the age of 12 are not known .
The Toronto warning is the first warning against cellular phone use in Canada , and is similar to warnings that have been issued in Belgium , England , France , Germany and Russia .
Health Canada , the country 's public health agency , said it had no plans to follow Toronto 's lead .
Sources for this story include : www.upi.com;
Addressing attendees at a tech - and - telecom conference on Tuesday , Adobe EVP and CFO Mark Garrett spoke of the challenges ahead .
Microsoft 's software does n't appear to be one of them .
Speaking at a fireside - chat style event at Thomas Weisel Partners Technology & Telecom Conference 2009 , Garrett noted that " if you set the economy aside , there are a lot of tailwinds " acting to boost Adobe 's reach online .
Those tailwinds are coming from many sources , including the warm front centered around the fever for online video ( the company estimates that four - fifths of all video online plays through its software ) and the hard , cold drive to digitize information stored in printed media .
There 's plenty to do , and Adobe says it 's the company doing it .
Advertisement
What about Microsoft , asked an audience member , which launched Silverlight two years ago in April ?
Silverlight launched strong , said Garrett , but the push to adoption " has really fizzled out in the last 6 - 9 months , I 'd say ... We 're innovating ahead of them , and they have not been able to catch up . "
Garrett suggested that Microsoft simply did n't have the mindset required to put forth Silverlight aggressively .
Adobe 's own AIR platform , on the other hand , does not suffer from lack of corporate effort , which has passed the 100 - million - downloads milestone .
" We 're starting to get that ubiquity " for the cross- platform software , Garrett said , chuckling when an audience member asked at what download milestone things " start to get interesting . "
We have all , of course , had a surfeit of " interesting " for the past few months .
Though he declined to provide an earnings call - type breakdown of current numbers , Garrett acknowledged that the economy 's wearing on everyone 's nerves .
For instance , " the timing was tough " on the launch of the company 's latest version of Creative Suite , which launched in the second half of September just as the economy tipped over .
The company 's making adjustments , and Garrett touched on a few options that Adobe could pursue " if things got worse " or the expected turnaround is slow to arrive .
One of the least appealing , he said , would be a corporate restructuring of the sort so firms have pursued ; companies can go to that well too often .
" I do n't want to get into a mode of restructuring every six months , " Garrett said , adding that such shakeups demoralize staffs and distract from longer - term goals .
Just as Australian Communications Minister Stephen Conroy thought things could n’t get any worse , his proposal for the great Aussie firewall is under fire again – this time from the lofty heights of US academia .
A paper by Derek Bambauer , Harvard graduate and Assistant Professor of Law at Brooklyn Law School , not only puts the cat amongst the Australian pigeons ; it also sets out a series of key tests - Andy Burn ’em please take note - that should be applied to any government proposals for regulating the net .
He writes :
To assess legitimacy , the process - based framework asks four questions .
First , is a country open about its Internet censorship , and why it restricts information ?
Second , is the state transparent about what material it filters and what it leaves untouched ?
Third , how narrow is filtering : how well does the content that is actually blocked - and not blocked - correspond to those criteria ?
Finally , to what degree are citizens and Internet users able to participate in decisionmaking about these restrictions , such that censors are accountable ?
Legitimate censorship is open ; transparent about what is banned ; effective , yet narrowly targeted ; and responsive to the preferences of each state ’s citizens .
His verdict is pretty damning as far as Australia is concerned .
While it just about gets by on the first of these criteria – the incoming government did make mandatory internet filtering a plank of its election campaign – it is deemed to have failed outright on the other three issues .
On transparency , the government keeps resorting to wild generalisations , talking about the blocking of material that is inappropriate or , as Bambauer observes , " other unwanted material " .
This is key to the debate that Australia is n’t really having .
The government has quoted a notional list of 10,000 sites that would be blocked .
Bambauer asks : do they actually have a clue which these would be ?
Or is this just a finger in the air ?
He concludes that it is probably the latter .
Without transparency , it is hard to determine how well the filtering is doing its job : and without transparency , open debate on the issues of what should or should not be banned become next to impossible .
Finally , he raises the question of whether the first criterion is even satisfied .
Since it looks more and more likely that the target for the filter list is content deemed unsuitable for adults , as opposed to that which is merely unsuitable for children , even the issue of democratic mandate for this policy may be called into question .
An interesting comparison in this respect is between the Australian total of 10,000 sites to be blocked and the total of sites that the UK - based Internet Watch Foundation ( IWF ) claims to be involved in blocking .
The latter claims to include somewhere between 800 and 1200 live urls at any one time : given that the IWF may be considered to have one of the world ’s most comprehensive systems when it comes to blocking access to child porn , this suggests either that Australia thinks it can find another 9,000 such sites – or that its block list will go far , far wider .
Professor Bambauer ’s paper is mirrored by the views of one UK counterpart , Lilian Edwards , Professor of Internet Law at Sheffield University .
Professor Edwards is principally interested in the law as it pertains to the web and internet technologies and , under the nick of panGloss , writes a very useful blog on these topics .
She has taken on our very own IWF in the past , and following the recent controversy over the IWF ’s censorship of allegedly indecent imagery published on Wikipedia , she wrote a closely analysed piece about what should be the principles that underpin internet censorship ( aka " filtering " ) .
Her starter for ten was a set of five criteria : namely that any filtering or blocking ought to be transparent , open , democratically determined , judicially backed , and accountable .
There is a pleasing overlap between this set of criteria and those set out by Professor Bambauer .
For those minded to dismiss the above as academic froth , these are both important milestones along the road to a rational approach to internet regulation .
The model for regulating media , in the UK , has historically been to ask the media owners to do the job themselves .
That may just have been acceptable when dealing with media that were essentially pushed from publishers to consumers : that is far less acceptable when the media themselves are used as much , or more , as a means of extending public debate on issues as a commercial tool .
As Professor Bambauer points out in his introduction : the Australian experiment is the first attempt by any democratic Western nation to engage , at state level , with the filtering of the internet .
However , it comes at a time when almost every other western state - including the UK - is trying to thrash out its approach to internet regulation , so the outcome of this experiment will affect us all .
If reaction to Stephen Conroy ’s proposal can result in the emergence of a consensus around the principles that will underpin any such filtering in future , that might just be a good thing . ®
Python is fast becoming the programming language of choice for hackers , reverse engineers , and software testers because it 's easy to write quickly , and it has the low - level support and libraries that make hackers happy .
But until now , there has been no real manual on how to use Python for a variety of hacking tasks .
You had to dig through forum posts and man pages , endlessly tweaking your own code to get everything working .
Not anymore .
Gray Hat Python explains the concepts behind hacking tools and techniques like debuggers , trojans , fuzzers , and emulators .
But author Justin Seitz goes beyond theory , showing you how to harness existing Python - based security tools — and how to build your own when the pre-built ones wo n't cut it .
You 'll learn how to :
Automate tedious reversing and security tasks
Design and program your own debugger
Learn how to fuzz Windows drivers and create powerful fuzzers from scratch
Have fun with code and library injection , soft and hard hooking techniques , and other software trickery
Sniff secure traffic out of an encrypted web browser session
Use PyDBG , Immunity Debugger , Sulley , IDAPython , PyEMU , and more
The world 's best hackers are using Python to do their handiwork .
Should n't you ?
Rob Spence looks you straight in the eye when he talks .
So it ’s a little unnerving to imagine that soon one of his hazel - green eyes will have a tiny wireless video camera in it that records your every move .
The eye he ’s considering replacing is not a working one — it ’s a prosthetic eye he ’s worn for several years .
Spence , a 36 - year - old Canadian filmmaker , is not content with having one blind eye .
He wants a wireless video camera inside his prosthetic , giving him the ability to make movies wherever he is , all the time , just by looking around .
" If you lose your eye and have a hole in your head , then why not stick a camera in there ? " he asks .
Spence , who calls himself the " eyeborg guy , " will not be restoring his vision .
The camera wo n’t connect to his brain .
What it will do is allow him to be a bionic man where technology fuses with the human body to become inseparable .
In effect , he will become a " little brother , " someone who ’s watching and recording every move of those in his field of vision .
If successful , Spence will become one of a growing number of lifecasters .
From early webcam pioneer Jennifer Kaye Ringley , who created JenniCam , to Microsoft researcher Gordon Bell , to commercial lifecasting ventures Ustream.tv and Justin.tv , many people use video and internet technology to record and broadcast every moment of their waking lives .
But Spence is taking lifecasting a step further , with a bionic eye camera that is actually embedded in his body .
" The eyes are like no other part of the body , " says Spence .
" It ’s what you look into when you fall in love with somebody and [ influences ] whether you trust someone or not .
Now with a video camera in there , it will change how people see and perceive me . "
It ’s an interesting and innovative idea , says Yonggang Huang , a professor in the departments of civil and mechanical engineering at Northwestern University .
Huang , along with University of Illinois professor John Rogers has developed a web of micro-sensors to enable eye - shaped cameras .
Huang is not involved in Spence ’s project .
" It ’s very clever , " says Huang of Spence ’s quest .
" It is not a true eye but it provides the way for people to record images in life as they see [ them ] and store [ them ] . "
Spence lost his right eye at 13 while playing with his grandfather ’s gun on a visit to Ireland .
" I wanted to shoot a pile of cowshit , " he says .
" I was n’t holding the gun properly and it backfired , causing a lot of trauma to the eye . "
This short video by Rob Spence shows the operation in which surgeons removed his sightless eye .
Warning : Graphic imagery may be unsettling to many viewers .
Video by Rob Spence
After the accident , he returned to Belleville , a small town two hours east of Toronto , where he grew up .
Spence became technically blind in the eye , and over the years , his vision deteriorated completely .
Three years ago he had his eye removed and a prosthetic one inserted .
Ever the filmmaker , he even made a movie out of his surgery .
But it was n’t an easy decision .
" When you completely lose an eye it is a difficult thing to let go of , " he says .
" The eye has an emotional attachment .
It is a window to your soul . "
Spence wore an eye patch for a while , which he says looked cool .
But once he started thinking about having a camera in his eye , Spence got in touch with Steve Mann , a professor at the University of
Toronto .
Mann is one of the experts in the world of wearable computing and cyborgs — organisms that blend natural and artificial systems .
" There are a lot of challenges in this , " says Mann , " from actually building a camera system that works , to sending and receiving images , to getting the correct shape of the camera . "
Even in the age of miniaturization , getting a wireless video camera into a prosthetic eye is n’t easy .
The shape of the prosthetic is the biggest limitation :
In Spence ’s case , it ’s 9 - mm thick , 30 - mm long and
28 - mm high .
While that might seem like plenty of room in an age when digital cameras are squeezed into unimaginably slim and compact phones , it actually is n’t .
The average area available inside a prosthetic eye for an imaging sensor is only about 8 square mm , explains Phil Bowen , an ocularist who is working with Spence .
Also , a digital camera has many more components than the visible lens and the sensor behind it , including the power supply and image - processing circuitry .
Getting a completely self - contained camera module to fit into the tiny hollow of a prosthetic eye is a significant engineering challenge .
That ’s where Professors Huang and Rogers ’ research could come in handy .
Three months ago , the duo published a paper that showed how a new sensor built out of a flexible mesh of wire - connected pixels could replace the traditional flat imaging chip as the light sensor for a camera .
The mesh is made from many of the same materials as a standard digital - camera sensor , but it has the ability to conform to convoluted , irregular surfaces — like the back of a synthetic eyeball .
" Our cameras might more naturally integrate with a prosthetic eye , due to their hemispherical shapes , " says Rogers .
" One might also argue that they can provide a more human - like perception of the world . "
Then there ’s the question of how the prosthetic eyeball ( the outer shell for the camera ) will be made .
The eyeball chassis
has to close shut and be watertight .
Traditional prosthetic eyes are single pieces made with polymethyl - methacrylate ( PMMA ) , a flexible polymer that is also used in dentures .
To fit a camera in , Bowen redesigned the prosthetic eye into two pieces that could snap shut .
But with a camera inside there ’s something new to worry about .
The modified prosthetic eye will be heavier than traditional ones and that could affect the eye socket , says Bowen .
" The weight might stretch out the lower lid , " he says , potentially disfiguring the face .
Assuming the size , weight and water - tightness issues can be solved , Spence has a vague idea of how he thinks it can work .
A camera module will have to be connected to a transmitter inside the prosthetic eye that can broadcast the captured video footage .
To boost the signal , he says he can wear another transmitter on his belt .
A receiver attached to a hard drive in a backpack could capture that information and then send it to another device that uploads everything to a web site in real time .
If it sounds rather cumbersome and complicated , it is .
Spence and his team are still working to find the right answers .
He has n’t been able to get the bigger camera companies to work with him .
" Part of problem is if you cold call somebody it sounds like there is a maniac on the other end of the phone , " he says .
" This whole idea confuses and overwhelms most people . "
" Right now I am begging , borrowing and stealing camera modules from different cameras to make a stage one prototype , " says Spence .
Spence is not the only one attempting to implant a video camera in his eye socket — artist Tanya Vlach is working on a similar project — but if he ’s successful he will be more than just another cyborg .
The documentary film he ’s making about his efforts , plus the experience of living with a video camera in his eye , could help build greater awareness about the culture of surveillance in our society today , he says .
" No one is going to ban surveillance cameras , " says Spence .
" It ’s more about being aware of it .
It ’s about giving a shit in the first place . "
Having a bionic eye does n’t mean Spence will be recording all the time , he says .
Unlike lifecaster Justin Kan , Spence is not promising to broadcast all of his life ’s moments .
( Even Kan reneged on his promise within a few short months , as soon as a romantic opportunity presented itself . )
Spence is willing to turn off his camera in spaces such as gyms , theaters or private events .
But he will be making many of those decisions on the spur , every day .
" I would n’t behave that differently than someone with a cellphone today , " he says .
Even though his project is still in its early stages , Spence says many people have already told him they would n’t be comfortable being filmed .
" People are more scared of a center - left documentary maker with an eye than the 400 ways they are filmed every day at the school , the subway , the mall , " he says .
He hopes he will help get people thinking about privacy , how surveillance cameras and the footage they record are being used and accessed .
" Sometimes I run a little experiment , " he says .
" I tell people around me , ‘ Did you know there are 11,000 new video cameras being installed in our country every day ? ’
Then I will exaggerate and say there are 50,000 new video cameras going in everyday , " says Spence .
" Most of the times I get the same answer : ‘ That ’s interesting .
Now what ’s for lunch ? ’ or ‘ The weather is nice today . ’
" I wonder what those people will say when they are staring back into the video camera in my eye ? "
Photos : Steve Mann
George Baldwin , then 19 , drank while visiting the Pfeifer sisters at their home ; he got into the car as a passenger with intoxicated friend William Klairmont and was paralyzed in the resulting crash .
Now Lauralee Pfeifer , the girls ’ mother , will pay $ 2.5 million in a settlement :
Unlike other lawsuits alleging that adults played a role in teenage drinking parties , Pfeifer did not buy the alcohol for the teens or know they were drinking in her home .
Pfeifer did not admit any wrongdoing in the settlement , said Michael Borders , her lawyer .
But Salvi said Pfeifer should have monitored the teens and suspected they were drinking , especially because her daughters had been caught drinking before .
Ask anyone with a Sky box : the problem with the multi-channel universe is how samey it all is .
Hundreds of stations pumping out the same palliative mulch .
But every so often a new start - up channel emerges with a leftfield agenda .
It 's always worth tuning in once , just for the surprise value .
There was Isle Of Wight TV , which seems to have vanished now .
And SoundTV , which consisted of old - school variety and interviews with Richard Digance .
That 's gone too .
These rogue stations do n't tend to last long .
Well here 's a new one : Edge Media TV ( Sky Channel 200 ) , " a platform for alternative and suppressed viewpoints " .
In other words , it 's chock - full of conspiracy theories .
Conspiracy theorists need to believe their viewpoints are being suppressed , rather than , say , assessed and dismissed as ropey and ludicrous .
Which makes a channel devoted to spreading these viewpoints a bit of a paradox .
If " the system " was even 1 % as efficient and sinister as they believe , their station would n't exist .
But it does , broadcasting programmes with titles like Question Everything and Hidden Agenda , and a talkshow called Esoteria , which according to the host is " a SHOW , not a PROGRAMME - we aim to SHOW you alternative viewpoints rather than PROGRAM you to accept a particular point of view " .
He must be proud of that bit of mind - expanding wordplay because he repeats it quite a lot .
A bit like he 's programming you , actually .
And herein lies the tragedy .
The other day I tuned in to Eerie Investigations , in which the host , a strangely simpering woman with Eerie Investigations printed on her T - shirt , conducted vox -pop interviews with people at an anti-ID card rally .
There are a thousand valid reasons for opposing ID cards and questioning everything the government does , but instead both the host and her interviewees spent most of their time talking about how we 're all going to have microchips planted in our heads as part of the New World Order ( which , naturally , orchestrated the 9/11 attacks ) , intermittently breaking from this theme to dismiss the general public as idiotic , docile sheep with such towering self - assurance it made you actively wonder whether labouring under a fascist police state in which government computers monitored your dreams and doled out electric shocks each time you had a subversive thought would be preferable to living in freedom alongside these massive wankers .
Maybe " wankers " is a bit harsh .
These are essentially clever people gone wrong .
Having learned to mistrust the powers that be , they take a giant leap , mistaking bossiness and incompetence for ultra-organised and sinister plotting - and then compound the error by mistaking themselves for journalists or scientists .
The result is a depressing descent into fairytales backed with risible " evidence " ; fairytales told with the defensive assertion that anyone who does n't believe them is a shill or a sheep .
Consider Ludicrous Diversion , an Edge Media documentary which implies the 7/7 bombers were n't really bombers at all , but patsies framed by " the system " .
Rather than offering any hard evidence for this startling claim , it highlights minor anomalies in the official version of events , the police 's reluctance to release CCTV footage , and references to past miscarriages of justice such as the Guildford Four , then expects the viewer to add two and two to make 25 .
It 's like a lazy and badly made Power Of Nightmares , convincing only to the eagerly paranoid .
In - between the programmes , there are adverts for Cillit Bang ( whose exact role in the New World Order has yet to be established ) and a seven - hour - yes , SEVEN HOUR - " DVD presentation " from David Icke , in which he tells the viewer how the world really works .
And presumably apologises for not employing an editor .
In summary : it 's bunkum .
But then I would say that , would n't I ?
I 'm a mainstream media shill .
They 've got to me already .
And now they 're coming for YOU .
The Daredevil Insula : Thrill - Seeking Behavior Based In The Brain ?
Sky diving and base jumping are not for everyone .
However , for certain people , the more risk and adrenaline involved in an activity , the better !
What draws some people to daredevil behavior while others shy away from it ?
Psychologists Jane E. Joseph , Xun Liu , Yang Jiang and Thomas H. Kelly from the University of Kentucky , along with Donald Lyman of Purdue University were interested in testing how the brains of sensation - seekers differ from those of us who avoid risky behavior .
In these experiments , two sets of volunteers were recruited , high sensation seekers or low sensation seekers , based on their responses to personality surveys and risk - taking questionnaires .
They were shown a variety of photographs while having their brains scanned with functional MRI ( fMRI ) .
The photographs ranged from mundane scenes ( for example , cows and food ) to very emotional and arousing images , such as erotic scenes and violent pictures .
The results , described in Psychological Science , reveal some very interesting differences between high sensation seekers and low sensation seekers .
The brain images showed that when high sensation seekers viewed the arousing photographs , there was increased activity in the brain region known as the insula .
Previous research has shown that the insula is active during addictive behaviors , such as craving cigarettes .
However , when low sensation seekers looked at arousing photographs , there was increased activity in the frontal cortex area of the brain .
The researchers note that this was an interesting finding because that region is important for controlling emotions .
The results show that high sensation seekers respond very strongly to arousing cues , but have less activity in brain areas associated with emotional regulation .
The authors note that their findings may indicate the way by which sensation seeking results in negative behaviors , including substance abuse and antisocial behavior .
They conclude , " Individuals high in sensation seeking not only are strongly activated by exciting , thrilling and potentially dangerous activities , but also may be less likely than other people to inhibit or appropriately regulate that activation . "
We are surely witness to the greatest orgy of corporate thievery in the history of the world , but do n't expect more than a token few to be charged , let alone jailed .
The police are too busy fighting the wars on ( street ) crime , drugs and , the new kid on the block , terror .
It ’s not easy being a street criminal these days .
There are more cops on the beat , surveillance cameras everywhere , searches at borders , airports and public buildings and events , gated communities , private police forces , security systems in homes and cars and on and on .
There are so many police and security agents these days , they have time to poke around looking for and even inventing crimes .
They ’re into entrapment , big time , of potential terrorists , drug users , prostitutes and Johns , sex offenders , protesters , whomever they choose .
Here in Canada , we have the recent , ridiculous examples of the " kiddy terrorists " in Toronto and the Quebec police inciting protesters at a " Three Amigos " meeting .
They can set you up , keep secret their information and , if you are anywhere close to the “ terror ” word , lock you up and refuse you your day in court .
For these guys , say good bye to the right of habeas corpus .
That would be an 800 year old right !
Have you seen all the weapons , armour and technology the police have these days ?
Stun guns , Tasers and tear gas .
More government agents with real guns more often .
Again , here in Canada , we 're arming border guards and even forest rangers without the slightest need .
Police and security agencies now have way more access to our information .... from massive data surveillance to emails , a new network of corporate snitches , the very suspect use of ( paid ) informants , computers in their squad cars and at airports and borders .
Automated license plate recognition systems in police cars read license plate numbers and set off alarms whenever they match with , say , a list of stolen vehicles .
But this is really scary stuff because it could be any list .
How is ALPR any different from using facial recognition systems and other biometrics to identify us as we move about in public ( or private ) places .
It 's coming and , when the state is able to combine our automated personal data with our video and audio recordings , well , we 've reached a whole new level , have n't we ?
Our political masters have seen fit to grant police and security agents many other authorities over us - to conduct random checks , to take us aside , to frisk us and maybe take a sample of our breath and blood and seize our property .
Our quite false fear of crime ( and terrorism ) has really paid dividends for the " law and order " folks .
It 's the way we 're treated once locked up , too .
Did you see the orange jumpsuit and shackles they put on Mr. Schreiber when summoned by a Canadian Commons ’ committee last year ?
What totally " cruel and unusual " treatment of an 80 - year old man .
So what if border searches have been expanded to include computers , essentially your personal diary and a record of who you are ?
Oh , and x-rays , sniffing dogs and machines , nonsense about shoes and gells .
And the lineups and delays .
The opportunity costs to ordinary people and businesses alone has to be in the hundreds of billions of dollars .
For what ?
A war that started against a few hundred fanatics living in caves in Afghanistan with maybe a couple million dollars in the bank ?
The totally - failed “ war on drugs ? ” The USA has a prison population of two million .
Compare its crime rate to , say Europe .
Has anybody bothered to do a cost benefit analysis on this stuff ?
Starting with real risks and threats .
Throwing more money , authority and weapons at police and security agencies is n't working .
These guys do n't necessarily know how to play with toys .
Was it Einstein who defined insanity as doing the same thing over and over while expecting different results ?
_______
Richard Sharp
About author Richard Sharp has been a privacy and human rights manager , consultant and advocate for three decades .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
January 15 , 2009
Mike Sunnucks , writing for the Phoenix Business Journal , exposes details of a recent report released by the Pentagon .
According to the report , globalization and urbanization will fuel “ social unrest , as well as a potential collapse of the Mexican government as that country deals with violence and corruption induced by drug cartels and organized crime . ”
The Pentagon warns of " social unrest , as well as a potential collapse of the Mexican government as that country deals with violence and corruption induced by drug cartels and organized crime . "
On the surface , the Joint Operating Environment 2008 report by the U.S. Joint Forces Command is a self - serving document .
It predicts multiple crises “ if there are major reductions in U.S. defense spending , ” including “ terrorist networks obtaining nuclear and biological weapons , as well as instability and aggressiveness involving China , India , Pakistan , India and the Middle East . ”
On the other hand , the report may be seen as a blueprint for the establishment of a North American Union .
Glenn Williamson , CEO of the Canada Arizona Business Council , tells the Phoenix Business Journal he expects Obama to push for a North American Union , although Williamson does not specifically use that term .
“ I am starting to see a trend here from the new administration — possibly pulling in some U.S. assets in far - off countries that do n’t even like us , and focusing more on a continental North America where Canada , the U.S. and Mexico could almost be energy self - sufficient , ” Williamson said .
“ The U.S. and Canada need a strong Mexico for that to succeed .
The concept of a broken Mexico or Canada on either border of the U.S. does not work . ”
On January 13 , the El Paso Times reported on the U.S. Joint Forces Command ’s warning that Mexico may experience “ a rapid and sudden collapse , ” primarily due to the chaos spawned by drug cartels .
Compared to the situation in Pakistan , the “ Mexican possibility may seem less likely , but the government , its politicians , police and judicial infrastructure are all under sustained assault and press by criminal gangs and drug cartels .
How that internal conflict turns out over the next several years will have a major impact on the stability of the Mexican state .
Any descent by Mexico into chaos would demand an American response based on the serious implications for homeland security alone , ” the Joint Operating Environment 2008 report stated .
More than a decade ago , a federal grand jury in Los Angeles charged Mexican banks and 26 Mexican bankers with laundering millions of dollars in drug profits .
“ The three Mexican banks that were charged are Bancomer and Banca Serfin , Mexico ’s second - and third - largest banks , respectively , as well as Banca Confia , a smaller institution that was recently purchased by Citibank .
Both Bancomer and Banca Serfin have branches in New York and Los Angeles and could face sanctions by regulators here , ” the New York Times reported on May 19 , 1998 .
Max Keiser explains how Wall Street reaps gargantuan profits from the international drug trade .
As Max Keiser and Catherine Austin Fitts explain in videos here , Wall Street and transnational corporations are not only intimately involved in the international drug trade , they in fact run this massive and extraordinary profitable illegal enterprise .
Fitts proposes that without the infusion of drug money , the stock market would collapse .
In addition to the bankster involvement in the drug trade noted above , it is a well documented fact the CIA has a long and sordid history of running heroin and cocaine out of Southeast Asia and Latin America , not only in the service of Wall Street but also to fund covert operations around the world .
For more on the CIA as international drug baron , see William Blum ’s The Real Drug Lords : A brief history of CIA involvement in the Drug Trade
Thus we can safely assume the Mexican drug cartels are nothing if not franchise operations run by the banksters and their transnational corporate partners .
If these cartels are engaged in murderous competition as we are told by the corporate media — a media owned and operated by the very same banksters — we can also assume the violence inside Mexico and on its border with the United States is not coincidental .
It is part of a larger Hegelian dialectic .
Former HUD assisrant secretary Catherine Austin Fitts explains the magnitude of Wall Street ’s involvement in the international drug trade .
Wall street not only profits handsomely from the international drug trade it has nurtured with the help of the CIA and its organized crime subset , but has exploited the violence and misery associated with the trade to propose not only draconian laws but regional and world government as well .
It is a perfect example of the problem - reaction - solution paradigm used successfully since the days of Nero Claudius Caesar .
In addition to militarizing the border as outgoing Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff has proposed — the military parlance is unmistakable , as Chertoff calls his proposal a “ surge ” — president select Obama met with Mexican President Felipe Calderón earlier in the week .
Calderón said the meeting “ will be the beginning of an extraordinary age in the relationship between the United States and Mexico , ” according to the Chicago Tribune .
An earlier if not absurd phase of this “ relationship ” was implemented under the Mérida Initiative , a supposed “ security cooperation ” plan aimed at combating the manufactured threats of drug trafficking , transnational crime , and money laundering .
Congress recently signaled its approval of the Mexican militarization plan costing several hundred million dollars .
Obama will focus on a “ continental North America ” scheme in response to the not only the drug violence in Mexico but also the faltering economies of Canada , Mexico , and the United States , both closely related and engineered contrivances of the global elite .
“ On trade and the economy , President - elect Obama said that with both countries facing very difficult economic times , it ’s important to work together to maintain a constructive and comprehensive dialogue , ” an Obama transition press advisory stated after the meeting with Calderón .
“ He expressed his continued commitment to upgrading NAFTA to strengthen labor and environmental provisions to reflect the values that are widely shared in both of our countries , and proposed the creation of a consultative group to work on a host of issues important to the United States and Mexico , including NAFTA , energy and infrastructure . ”
Obama has promised to “ amend ” NAFTA .
“ Starting my first year in office , I will convene annual meetings with Mr. Calderon and the prime minister of Canada , ” Obama promised in late February , 2008 .
“ Our relationship with Mexico should serve as a bridge to greater security and prosperity in North America and to better relations with Latin America ” ( emphasis added ) .
Security and prosperity , sort of like the Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America , the globalist plan to merge the United States , Canada , and Mexico in a North American Union similar to the European Union ?
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Finally , the Hegelian dialectic above mentioned has yet another component — assisting the government in its efforts to further implement a high - tech control grid in the United States .
“ Mexico wants Washington to do more to curb drug - taking in the United States and gun smuggling from north of the border because drug hitmen buy automatic weapons and other guns legally in the United States and bring them back to Mexico to use in the turf battles that killed 5,700 people last year , ” Reuters report on January 11 .
“ Drug trafficking is not a Mexican problem .
It is impacting both societies and the criminals are operating in U.S. territory , ” said Armand Peschard - Sverdrup at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington .
Peschard - Sverdrup is most certainly correct — the criminals are operating in U.S. territory .
He may not realize , however , that the ringleaders are based on Wall Street and London , not in the barrios of Nogales , Tijuana , and Juárez .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Warstorm : A Game Or Expensive Animated Voyeurism ?
If you ’re like me and have even the slightest experience with trading card games , you know that they require a few things for the player to be successful :
Money to buy the cards obviously , other people to play against and solid strategy in both the aspect of building the deck and then playing the deck properly against the one your opponent brings to the table .
If you ’re not like me and are unfamiliar with trading card games , well , now you know what they typically consist of .
You ’re welcome for the quick synopsis .
You can also argue that not only does the player need these things to be successful , but so does the game ’s longevity .
If a game does n’t offer up a challenge , will it hold anyone ’s long term interest ?
Or to go even deeper , exactly how little challenge and strategy can a game be devoid of , and how far removed from the outcome of the game ’s conflict can the player be until it ca n’t even be considered a game anymore , but instead just a colorful animated , and expensive waste of time ?
This is the question I ’m faced with after indulging in Warstorm .
I was first introduced to Warstorm in an online ad .
I was a Magic : The Gathering freak when I was younger so I still have a soft spot for card games , especially fantasy themed apparently , because when I saw the ad , that old MTG nostalgia kicked me in the face and I clicked that ad pretty fast .
I signed up and was thrust into the meat of Warstorm– choosing my “ hero ” in the form of a digital card to lead my assembled “ squad ” .
After putting my squad together , I was told to click the “ battle ” button and I was brought to the main battle screen .
At this point I prepared myself for what I was sure to be some semi-complicated course on the rules of Warstorm , but instead I was extremely surprised to learn that it was un necessary because — now get this — Warstorm plays itself .
Once you assemble your deck and click the button to proceed , the “ game ” is out of your hands .
All you do is sit and watch to see if the computer gave you a better draw than your opponent ( some cards give you a great advantage if you ’re lucky enough to have them get into play early ) .
After I got the screen stating I was the winner and clicked to continue , I was presented with a screen containing a bunch of quick links to the battlegrounds where I could single out players to challenge , engage in quick challenges versus other players , go to the marketplace to buy more digital card packs for real life money , auction off cards in Warstorm ’s auction house , or just chat with the player base in a chat room .
I could also view my total card collection , propose trades to other players and organize my squads .
What I chose to focus on however was the single player challenges where I could earn packs of cards after defeating each level , and I could just see more of what Warstorm is about .
I ’m the type that likes to get my bearings before engaging in multiplayer .
Moving ahead in time , I eventually defeated all 20 levels of both single player challenges .
Along the way I gained new cards and had a bit of fun trying to assemble squads in order to defeat new single player challenge levels .
At the end of it all however , I realized a couple things about this “ game ” that made me feel very let down , and decide that it ’s really not much of a game at all and not worth my continued time or money investing in Warstorm ’s digital cards .
As I touched on earlier and I will get more in depth towards in the words to follow …
This game is devoid of strategy .
The game , as I said , plays itself once you assemble your deck .
There ’s no segments of each player ’s turn where you can do various things limited only by the abilities of the cards in your deck like MTG .
There ’s no danger of your opponent interrupting something you ’re trying to do on your turn for example .
In essence , Warstorm is to trading card games as Candy Land is to board games , where in the latter you draw a card and do what it tells you , and you have no say at all in the outcome .
The difference between MTG and Warstorm is that the person spending the most amount of money on the top tier cards is nine times out of ten going to be the winner of the match .
This is the only aspect that can be argued as being strategical in Warstorm , and sadly it relies nothing to do with your intellect , but on how much money you ’re willing to spend on the top tier cards .
There ’s no strategy to playing your cards correctly against the squad your opponent put together .
You can leave your brain at home and this is one of the few activities on Earth at this point in time that I ’d say someone high on meth can manage to engage in and maybe happen to be successful at .
Warstorm is honestly that vapid and I can’t believe it ’s classified as an actual trading card “ game ” .
Let ’s go more in depth on the power of card ranks which are everything in Warstorm .
There are seven tiers or ranks of cards .
The t7 cards are of course the absolute best as they reduce the time it takes for the cards to be put from the staging area of the main combat screen into actual play .
A t7 card of one type may have a “ cast ” time of 4 turns while a t5 has 6 turns before it ’s put in play .
This means if you had a t7 of a certain unit type and your opponent had a t5 of the same unit type , and they came into the staging area on the same turn , your t7 would be in play a full round before his would be , offering you a big advantage .
Common sense tells you that the faster something comes into play , the faster you will damage your opponent .
If you can have 3 units in play before your opponent has one , then good luck coming back from that .
So it really comes down to the fact that if you want to be the best at this game , you have to spend the most money .
Once that has been taken care of then you have to cross your fingers that the person you ’re paying against — taking into account he has an equally expensive squad as you do in this example — has a more un lucky initial card draw than yourself , and the cards that you get out on the table happen to counter the types of units that the opponent is unlucky enough to have the computer put in play for him
So can you argue that the strategy is in deck building ?
Sure you can feel free to , but I ’d say it ’s a very weak argument .
When it boils down to it , as I said above , a squad full of top tier cards will nine times out of ten wreck a squad full of cards just one tier below .
You can take practically any mix and matched cards of the top tier and make a squad and they will simply out perform one made from a lesser tier .
A two year old child can color match .
This is to be expected when Warstorm bases its income off of selling digital property .
The developers want you to spend more and more money to find these rare top tier cards because they know they are the most powerful and that ’s what players are seeking .
If more readily accessible mid tier cards were as powerful as the more rare top tier , where would the incentive be for players to spend more money in hopes of owning a deck of ultimate top tier unbeatable destruction ?
Another thing that leaves a very bitter taste in my mouth is that the developers of Warstorm want to get you into the habit of buying cards a bit too quickly .
The initial single player campaign will give you very very few good cards to work with and is over within an hour .
The only thing left to do is start buying overpriced packs of cards and spend oodles of time trading off what you do n’t want for something you do .
Now some people would say to simply make alt characters on a new account to redo the single player campaign and trade off the cards back to the original character until you have amassed a decent portion of mid tier cards to work with .
This type of thing however is actually not allowed by the developers of Warstorm , and they will ban all accounts per IP address if they feel that someone has been making alts .
This is my opinion crosses the line between trying to make a profit and being a total bunch of dicks .
The time needed to actually get any decent cards via that method of creating alt accounts is out of the question for most people , and it ’s simpler and more time effective to just buy some packs .
But for those people that are broke and unsure about spending money on the game and would rather sacrifice time instead of money for now , then I do n’t see the long term harm .
The amount of people willing to do this would have to be very small I imagine .
Hopefully however , if a person is smart they will see that Warstorm is n’t very much of a game at all before they go ahead and decide to spend money on purchasing digital card packs anyway .
Look at it this way , let ’s say you did end up spending hundreds of dollars , or maybe even hundreds of hours worth of time to acquire some top tier cards and you have yourself a practically unbeatable squad .
Ok well , now what ?
What do you get from it ?
Yay , you ’re awesome on the internet !
You might get interviewed on http://www.cgtactics.com!
See it ’s not like you got to the top by being smart and strategic or utilizing anything to do with your intellect or wisdom , you got there from spending more money than other people around you , or maybe alternately spending a load of time trading and wheelin ’ and dealin’ .
For the most part though , Warstorm is simply a battle of bank accounts .
So you got your big awesome squad put together , and you can now sit at the top of the ladder all smug knowing that you are one of the more wealthy people that play Warstorm .
At least I hope you ’d be sitting there on that pretense and not thinking you got there because you ’re an actual “ good ” player , because Warstorm ’s mechanics do n’t even have room for people to really “ play ” anything .
You can now challenge other wealthy people and hope that your lack of being able to use any kind of brainpower during the matches to try and win will be made up for in terms of being lucky enough to have your top tier cards that come out into play be the antithesis to the ones that the computer decides to lay out from your opponent ’s squad .
Ugh .
I really do feel sorry for people who feel Warstorm is a game , or fun enough to sink money into .
If it was free and ad driven ( which I ’m sure they could probably manage given the amount of traffic pouring into the site from so many poor souls sucked into this nonsense ) I would n’t be so critical of it , but knowing that the developers really feel they should charge for this just makes me sad and I chalk it up as yet another reason to lose hope in humanity .
Yes yes I know , if people are willing to pay , then so be it .
It still does n’t make it right in my book .
But as it stands in my opinion , anyone who ca n’t see Warstorm for what it is — an expensive exercise in animated voyeurism — and very much not at all a game in any real sense of the modern definition of the word , are foolish suckers .
A ceiling on rents reduces the quantity and quality of housing available .
( 93 % ) Tariffs and import quotas usually reduce general economic welfare .
( 93 % ) Flexible and floating exchange rates offer an effective international monetary arrangement .
( 90 % ) Fiscal policy ( e.g. , tax cut and / or government expenditure increase ) has a significant stimulative impact on a less than fully employed economy .
( 90 % ) The United States should not restrict employers from outsourcing work to foreign countries .
( 90 % ) The United States should eliminate agricultural subsidies .
( 85 % ) Local and state governments should eliminate subsidies to professional sports franchises .
( 85 % ) If the federal budget is to be balanced , it should be done over the business cycle rather than yearly .
( 85 % ) The gap between Social Security funds and expenditures will become unsustainably large within the next fifty years if current policies remain unchanged .
( 85 % ) Cash payments increase the welfare of recipients to a greater degree than do transfers - in - kind of equal cash value .
( 84 % ) A large federal budget deficit has an adverse effect on the economy .
( 83 % ) A minimum wage increases unemployment among young and unskilled workers .
( 79 % ) The government should restructure the welfare system along the lines of a “ negative income tax . ” ( 79 % ) Effluent taxes and marketable pollution permits represent a better approach to pollution control than imposition of pollution ceilings .
( 78 % )
The recent debate over the stimulus bill has lead some observers to think that economists are hopelessly divided on issues of public policy .
That is true regarding business cycle theory and , specifically , the virtues or defects of Keynesian economics .
But it is not true more broadly .
My favorite textbook covers business cycle theory toward the end of the book ( the last four chapters ) precisely because that theory is controversial .
I believe it is better to introduce students to economics with topics about which there is more of a professional consensus .
In chapter two of the book , I include a table of propositions to which most economists subscribe , based on various polls of the profession .
Here is the list , together with the percentage of economists who agree :
If we could get the American public to endorse all these propositions , I am sure their leaders would quickly follow , and public policy would be much improved .
That is why economics education is so important .
Note that the proposition about fiscal policy ( # 4 ) does not distinguish between taxes and spending as the best tool for purposes of macro stabilization .
Maybe that question should be added in a future poll .
I doubt , however , that the answer would make it onto this list of widely agreed upon propositions .
When Monster.com suffered a data breach last year , two disclosure letters went out to customers -- one from Monster itself and another from US AJOBS , a federal employment organization that relied on Monster.com databases for its job listings .
Though they covered the same breach , each letter was starkly different .
Fast - forward to Jan. 23 , 2009 .
The job search company has suffered another data breach and fired off a letter warning its customers .
Comparing this letter to the last two shows Monster still trying to find the best way to tell people their trust -- and private data -- has been violated .
Last year , CSOonline.com asked a couple public relations specialists to review the Monster and US AJOBS letters and interpret the language of each .
You can read both letters side by side along with the experts ' commentary in The Dos and Don'ts of Disclosure Letters .
Naturally , we 've decided to put the latest letter ( available here on Monster 's site ) under the microscope again .
The letter reviewer this time is Roger Nebel , director of strategic security for Washington D.C. - based FTI Consulting .
Nebel 's specialty is going into companies that have suffered catastrophic breaches to do a post - mortem on how the incident was handled , from the technological controls and people policies to the structure of the disclosure letter .
In the big picture , he says the letter is adequate : Not bad , but could be better .
Before reading Nebel 's two cents , let 's compare each letter , where huge differences are evident from the opening lines .
Here 's the opening paragraph to Monster 's letter from last year 's breach :
" Protecting the job seekers who use our website is a top priority , and we value the trust you place in Monster .
Regrettably , opportunistic criminals are increasingly using the Internet for illegitimate purposes .
As is the case with many companies that maintain large databases of information , Monster is from time to time subject to attempts to illegally extract information from its database .
As you may be aware , the Monster resume database was recently the target of malicious activity that involved the illegal downloading of information such as names , addresses , phone numbers , and email addresses for some of our job seekers with resumes posted on Monster sites .
Monster responded to this specific incident by conducting a comprehensive review of internal processes and procedures , notified those job seekers that their contact records had been downloaded illegally , and shut down a rogue server that was hosting these records . "
Here 's the opening in US AJOBS 's letter regarding the same incident :
" Recently , malicious software , known as Infostealer .
Monstres , was used to gain unauthorized access to the Monster.com resume database to steal the contact information of job seekers .
Monster Worldwide is the technology provider for the USAJOBS website and regrettably , some of the con-tact information captured came from USAJOBS job seekers .
The information captured included name , address , telephone number , and email address .
Monster Worldwide has assured the U.S. Office of Personnel Management that Social Security Numbers were NOT compromised because of IT security shields USAJOBS has in place .
As the two PR specialists noted in last year 's comparison , styles immediately diverge .
Monster chooses to soften the coming blow with its first sentence .
US AJOBS simply begins stating facts .
Now for the opening to Monster 's latest letter , released last week :
" As is the case with many companies that maintain large databases of information , Monster is the target of illegal attempts to access and extract information from its database .
We recently learned our database was illegally accessed and certain contact and account data were taken , including Monster user IDs and passwords , email addresses , names , phone numbers , and some basic demographic data .
The information accessed does not include resumes .
Monster does not generally collect -- and the accessed information does not include - sensitive data such as social security numbers or personal financial data .
Immediately upon learning about this , Monster initiated an investigation and took corrective steps .
It is important to know the company continually monitors for any illicit use of information in our database , and so far , we have not detected the misuse of this information . "
Unlike the first letter , Monster dispenses with the soft approach and gets to the point .
But there 's still plenty of qualifying language .
First , the company goes out of its way from the opening words to point out that it's not the only company to go through this kind of breach .
Many mammoth companies with deep databases are in the crosshairs , it notes .
Monster is also sure to cast itself as the victim , saying it is a " target " and that it has been " illegally accessed . "
Nebel says the latest letter is so - so : not great , but not terrible either .
" There are no details about how they were hacked , nor steps taken to prevent it again , " Nebel says .
" While I do n't expect them to necessarily tell us gory details there should at least be some context , be it human error , a zero - day attack , vendor issue , etc . "
Nebel notes that this is n't really a disclosure letter per se as defined by Statute or Regulations , but more a friendly customer relations letter because Monster is likely not compelled to issue this by any law or rule based on the nature of this particular incident .
Whatever the case may be , it 's clear that writing disclosure letters remains a tough task , as opinion will always vary on the necessary amount of detail and bedside manner .
Industry experts do agree on one thing : Companies have to state clearly the steps taken to address the problem and protect customers who may have been affected .
To that end , Monster 's latest letter urges customers to take steps to protect themselves .
" In order to help assure the security of your information , you may soon be required to change your password upon logging onto the site .
Please follow the instructions on the site .
We would also recommend you proactively change your password yourself as an added precaution . "
For more on how companies ( and consumers ) should handle a disclosure , including an interative guide to all state laws , see CSOonline.com 's Complete Guide to Security Breach Disclosure .
If you receive a periodic statement , that statement will include the Annual Percentage Yield earned ( APYE ) on your account for the period covered by the statement .
The APY ( Annual Percentage Yield ) is a percentage rate that reflects the total amount of interest paid on the account , based on the interest rate compounded daily for a 365 - day period .
This Special Interest Rate offer is available only in branches .
To earn the Special Interest Rate ( " Special Rate " ) , you must ( i ) enroll a Platinum Savings Account in this offer by speaking to a banker and requesting the Special Rate ; ( ii ) deposit $ 25,000 or more in new money to the enrolled account ; and ( iii ) maintain a minimum daily balance of $ 25,000 in the enrolled account .
Successful enrollment is confirmed via a Special Pricing Interest Rate Receipt .
" New money " is money from sources outside of the customer 's relationship with Wells Fargo Bank , N.A. or its affiliates ( which includes all deposit , brokerage and loan / credit accounts ) .
Any day of the promotional period that the daily account balance is less than $ 25,000 , the enrolled account will not be eligible for the Special Rate and will earn the applicable Standard Interest Rate , which is a variable rate , subject to change without notice .
When the Special Rate expires , the account will revert to then - current Standard Interest Rates .
If the promotional period is less than 12 months , the Annual Percentage Yield shown is a blended Annual Percentage Yield based on the account earning the Special Rate for the promotional period and the Standard Interest Rate for the remaining months .
The Special Rate is available for accounts with aggregate balances up to $ 1 million .
You may enroll in the Special Rate offer only during the effective dates noted on the Consumer Checking and Savings Accounts rate sheet .
We may terminate this offer without notice .
To receive the disclosed Bonus Annual Percentage Yield , the enrolled account must remain linked to a Portfolio by Wells Fargo ® program .
For details , see Bonus Annual Percentage Yield Disclosure .
One partial withdrawal which does not reduce the balance below the minimum opening deposit amount may be made without an Early Withdrawal Penalty within five business days beginning on each of the three days the interest rate increases .
If any withdrawal causes the balance to drop below the minimum opening deposit amount , an Early Withdrawal Penalty will be assessed on the entire amount withdrawn .
Early withdrawals made on any day other than during the five - day penalty - free withdrawal period beginning on each of the three days the interest rate increases will be subject to an Early Withdrawal Penalty .
Withdrawals will reduce earnings .
At maturity , the Step Rate CD will automatically renew as a Standard ( non-step ) 24 - month fixed rate CD ( Time Account ) , at the interest rate and APY in effect for CDs not subject to a Special Offer Rate , unless the Bank has notified you otherwise .
Public
Funds are not eligible for this offer .
Minimum opening deposit of $ 5,000 required .
Public funds are not eligible for these offers .
Special Offer Rate applicable to initial term only .
At maturity , CDs will automatically renew for the Renewal Term stated above , at the interest rate and APY in effect for CDs not subject to a Special Offer Rate , unless the Bank has notified you otherwise .
The interest rates and Annual Percentage Yields displayed here are for the Wells Fargo Bank locations in the California counties of Alameda , Contra Costa , Marin , Napa , San Francisco , San Mateo , Santa Clara , Solano and Sonoma .
Current Deposit Rates for
09/26/2020 - 10/02/2020
Savings Accounts :
Annual Percentage Yields and Interest Rates shown are offered on accounts accepted by the Bank and effective for the dates shown above , unless otherwise noted .
Interest Rates are subject to change without notice .
Interest is compounded daily and paid monthly .
Interest is calculated and accrued daily based on the daily collected balances in the account .
Accrued interest is considered to be earned and will be paid only when the total interest accrued reaches $ 0.01 or more .
In any month the amount of accrued interest is less than $ 0.01 , periodic statements will show no Annual Percentage Yield Earned or interest earned though interest is accruing .
Interest Rates and Annual Percentage Yields for all checking and savings accounts are variable that the Bank can change at any time .
Fees could reduce earnings .
The balance tiers for the accounts listed in this disclosure are as follows : $ 0 to $ 499.99 ; $ 500 to $ 999.99 ; $ 1,000 to $ 2,499.99 ; $ 2,500 to $ 4,999.99 ; $ 5,000 to $ 9,999.99 ; $ 10,000 to $ 24,999.99 ; $ 25,000 to $ 49,999.99 ; $ 50,000 to $ 99,999.99 ; $ 100,000 to $ 249,999.99 ; $ 250,000 to $ 499,999.99 ; $ 500,000 to $ 999,999.99 ; $ 1,000,000 or more .
Wells Fargo interest rates offered within two or more consecutive tiers may be the same .
When this is the case , this disclosure may show those multiple tiers as a single tier .
Each tier shown reflects the current minimum daily collected balance required to obtain the applicable Annual Percentage Yield .
A copy of the then - current rate sheet will be provided to you before you open your account or is available at any time upon request from a banker .
CD Accounts :
WASHINGTON -- House Democrats renewed their effort to force former White House aide Karl Rove to testify in a probe into Justice Department controversies , presenting a challenge to President Barack Obama , who will have to decide whether to defend his predecessor 's legal arguments .
Michigan Rep. John Conyers , Democratic chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , on Monday issued a subpoena to Mr. Rove , seeking his appearance at a deposition Feb .
2 . Mr. Conyers wants the former aide to President George W. Bush to answer questions ...
Here are some new versions of the world map that we are used to seeing that might help us to get a fresh perspective on the way things are , and the way they are shown to us .
In these maps , the square area of continents / regions corresponds to their proportion of conflict death tolls and of media coverage .
Let ’s start with some maps representing conflict death tolls , and follow with some maps representing media coverage .
The media coverage maps are for the year 2000 for CNN , BBC , the New York Times , Le Monde and the Yomiuri newspapers .
Map of conflict - related deaths ( 1990 - 1999 )
( What ’s the big continent in the middle ?
Africa ?
That ’s odd , we so rarely seem to hear about it … )
Map of conflict - related deaths ( 1990 - 2007 )
( Note the relative growth in conflict deaths in the Middle East since 2000 – that ’s the war in Iraq .
The Middle East is still totally dwarfed by Africa , though , as is the rest of the world ’s conflict ) .
The world according to CNN ( 2000 )
( Coverage of the Middle East is more than double that of Africa )
The world according to BBC ( 2000 )
( A little more on Africa than CNN , but that continent still looks pretty small )
The world according to the New York Times ( 2000 )
( This does not include domestic news – news about the USA )
The world according to Le Monde ( 2000 )
( This does not include domestic news – news about France )
The world according to Yomiuri ( 2000 )
( This does not include domestic news – news about Japan )
Notes and disclaimers
Data is organized according to five continents / regions of the world : Africa , the Americas , Asia , Europe and the Middle East .
In the conflict maps , the square area of each continent / region is proportionate to that continent / region ’s percentage of the world ’s total conflict - related death toll .
There is no detail beyond that , so although Madagascar appears on the death toll maps , it is only there because it geographically represents a part of Africa ( there were no conflict - related deaths recorded for Madagascar ) .
In the media maps , the square area of each continent / region is proportionate to that continent / region ’s percentage of the coverage by each media corporation .
As with the conflict maps , there is no detail beyond the continent / region as whole , so the shape of the Americas ( no distinction is made between north , south or central ) , for example , was made roughly according to geographic scale and does not represent any internal proportion in news coverage .
In the case of the maps for newspapers , the coverage is limited only to the international news on the front page and international pages – home / local news is not included .
It should also be noted that the percentages for the media maps do not add up to 100 percent because a certain percentage of media coverage could not be categorized according to geographical location – coverage of global issues or United Nations conferences , for example .
Displaying these maps together here is not to suggest that levels of media coverage should be proportionate to the numbers of conflict deaths .
Conflict - related events are not the only issues that become the source of international news stories .
Furthermore , it is unrealistic to expect that the sheer scale of a conflict ( death toll ) will be the only factor considered in determining news coverage – although it should certainly be one of the major factors ( alas , it is not ) .
It should also be noted that the timeframe of analysis is quite different .
The death toll maps are based on cumulative data of death tolls since the end of the Cold War , while media maps are one - year snapshots of coverage – in this case , the year 2000 .
A number of the conflicts that make up the cumulative death tolls in the maps were not ongoing in the year 2000 .
By the same token , it should also come as no surprise that the deadliest conflicts of the year 2000 were occurring in Africa – the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) , Angola , Ethiopia - Eritrea and Sierra Leone .
It is also critical to note that it was in the year 2000 when it became known ( through a survey conducted by the International Rescue Committee ( IRC ) ) that conflict in the DRC had claimed 1.7 million lives , making it by far the deadliest conflict in the post - Cold War world .
This revelation did n’t seem to have any impact on media coverage .
Sources
Death toll data is generally very unreliable , as has been mentioned in a previous post .
That should n’t stop us from trying .
The sources for the death tolls in this map are from my book , but before they arrived there came from a multitude of sources , including projects and institutions that try to record , measure and compare death toll figures , epidemiological surveys , and sometimes the media .
Where there are conflicting studies / records for death tolls , compromises have been made in some cases .
None is more controversial than in that in the case of Iraq .
The death toll for Iraq used here is a very conservative 400,000 .
Some death toll figures now are reaching the 1 million mark .
The sources for the media coverage maps are from a study I conducted some years ago of news coverage in the year 2000 .
I measured the square area of each international news article ( including photos ) for three newspapers ( the New York Times ( USA ) , Le Monde ( France ) and the Yomiuri ( Japan ) ) each day for one year .
I also measured the length ( in seconds ) of each news story for one 30 - minute news program each day for CNN International and BBC .
I wish I could provide more recent data , but this kind of study takes a huge amount of time to conduct and I have yet to find that kind of time to do a similar study .
More results from the study ( and analysis ) can be found in an article I later published : Hawkins , Virgil ‘ The Other Side of the CNN Factor : the media and conflict ’ , Journalism Studies , Vol. 3 , No. 2 , 2002 , pp. 225-240 .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Email
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
I ’ve just released NYTProf 2.08 to CPAN , some three and a half months after 2.07 .
If you ’ve been profiling large applications then the first difference you ’ll notice is that the new version generates reports much faster .
The next thing you may notice is that statement timings are now nicely formatted with units .
Gisle Aas contributed the formatting code for 2.07 but I had to do some refactoring to get it working for the statement timings .
Another nice refinement is that hovering over a time will show a tool - tip with the time expressed as a percentage of the overall runtime .
Almost all the tables are now sortable .
I used jQuery and the tablesorter plugin for that .
I ’ve not added any fancy buttons , just click on a table heading to sort by that column .
You ’ll see a little black arrow to show the column is sorted .
( You can hold the shift key down to add second and third columns to the sort order . )
A profiler is n’t much use if it ’s not accurate .
NYTProf now has tests for correct handling of times for string evals within string evals .
In fact the handling of string evals got a big overhaul for this version as part of ongoing improvements in the underlying data model .
I ’m working towards being able to show annotated performance reports for the contents of string evals .
It ’s not there yet , but definitely getting closer .
A related feature is the new savesrc=1 option .
When enabled , with a recent version of perl , the source code for each source file is written into the profile data file .
That makes the profile self - contained and , significantly , means that accurate reports can be generated even after the original source files have been modified .
Another new option is optimize=0 .
You can use it to disable the perl optimizer .
That can be worth doing if the statement timings , or counts , for some chunk of code seem odd and you suspect that the perl optimizer has rewritten it .
The final new feature noted in the NYTProf 2.08 Changes file is that it ’s now possible to generate multiple profile data files from a single application .
Since v2.0 you could call DB: : disable_profile ( ) and DB::enable_profile( ) to control profiling at runtime .
Now you can pass an optional filename to enable_profile to make it close the previous profile and open a new one .
I imagine this would be most useful in long running applications where you ’d leave profiling disabled ( using the start=none option ) and then call enable_profile and disable_profile around some specific code in specific situations – like certain requests to a mod_perl app .
There ’s one more new feature that I ’ve just realised I ’d forgotten to add to the Changes file before the release : Timings per rolled - up package name .
What ’s that ?
Well , it ’s probably easiest to show you …
These images are taken from a profile of perlcritic .
Each shows the time spent exclusively in subroutines belonging to a certain package and any packages below it .
Hovering over a time gives the percentage , so I can see that the 57.3s spent in the 36 PPI packages accounted for 42 % of the runtime .
This gives you a quick overview for large ( wide ) codebases that would be hard to get in any other way .
Tables are generated for upto five levels of package name hierarchy , so you can drill - down to finer levels of detail .
I can visualize a much better UI for this data than the series of tables nytprofhtml currently produces , but my limited free time and jQuery skills prevent me doing more .
Patches welcome , naturally .
Enjoy !
p.s. I ’ve a screencast from my NYTProf talk at the London Perl Workshop in November I hope to ( finally ) upload soon .
It includes a demo of the package roll - up timing tables .
( Fortune Small Business ) --
It may sound like quack medicine , but electricity can help cuts and wounds heal faster .
Studies published in the journal Nature in 2005 confirmed it :
Our cells work like tiny chemical batteries .
Wounds short - circuit them , and a jolt of voltage helps heal them .
Now a small medical company hopes to cash in , with the world 's first over - the - counter electric bandage .
Vomaris Innovations , based in Chandler , Ariz. , recently went to market with the Prosit adhesive bandage , which uses microscopic batteries mounted on a flexible membrane to pass a tiny amount of electricity - 1.2 volts - over the affected skin .
Though the process is n't understood entirely , Vomaris founder Jeff Skiba , 55 , won FDA approval for use of the Prosit in hospitals after an impressive array of clinical trials showed that it jump - started healing for all patients .
" There 's no question it works , " says James McCoy , a professor of surgery at the Morehouse School of Medicine in Atlanta .
Using the Prosit , McCoy saved one patient from a potential amputation and healed another 's severe burns .
Skiba , a former medical consultant , founded Vomaris in 2004 after experimenting with the concept in his garage .
By 2006 he had the FDA 's go - ahead for a prescription version .
Several major hospitals are now using the Prosit , including Walter Reed Army Medical Center and the Mayo Clinic .
One big draw is that the electric bandage saves money :
Healing a wound using standard dressings costs an average of $ 1,000 per wound per patient .
The Prosit costs hospitals an average of $ 140 per patient .
Vomaris , with eight employees and sales of less than $ 500,000 a year , expects to win FDA approval for an over - the - counter version later this year .
That seems like a stretch to medical experts such as McCoy , who does n't think patients should be self - medicating with the Prosit until more research has been conducted .
Still , Skiba hopes to distribute the Prosit alongside traditional bandages in pharmacies and big - box retailers .
No retail price has been set yet , so it remains to be seen whether Vomaris can electrify the market .
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
Stimulus adds tax credit for home solar panels
Solar installer Delmar Oliveira ( right foreground ) carried a panel to a new location on the roof .
The solar industry has been a bright spot in a down economy .
The Los Gatos based company Akeena Solar is installing 44 solar panels on a home in the Oakland hills Thursday January 15 , 2008 .
less Solar installer Delmar Oliveira ( right foreground ) carried a panel to a new location on the roof .
The solar industry has been a bright spot in a down economy .
The Los Gatos based company Akeena Solar is ... more Photo : Brant Ward , The Chronicle Photo : Brant Ward , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Stimulus adds tax credit for home solar panels 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Homeowners interested in sticking solar panels on their roofs got a big boost from the $ 787 billion economic stimulus package signed Tuesday by President Obama .
Homeowners will now be able to get a federal tax credit worth 30 percent of the cost of their new solar system even if they 're also receiving state or local financing .
That could make a big difference in California , which offers rebates to homeowners who install solar systems .
And Berkeley has a new solar financing program that lets homeowners pay the cost of their solar systems over 20 years , a program that San Francisco and other cities plan to emulate .
A typical home solar system generates about 3 kilowatts of power .
The installation cost in California averages roughly $ 8.10 per watt , according to Adam Browning , executive director of the Vote Solar advocacy group , meaning the typical cost is $ 24,300 .
The state rebate is now $ 1.55 per watt for homeowners in Pacific Gas and Electric Co. territory .
So the average rebate is worth $ 4,650 , bringing the overall cost down to $ 19,650 .
Although it 's unclear just how the stimulus provisions will work , several solar industry sources said they expect the federal tax credit to be based on a solar system 's price after the state rebate is subtracted .
So for the typical California homeowner , the 30 percent tax credit will be worth $ 5,895 , cutting the overall cost to $ 13,755 .
Finally , the Berkeley program allows homeowners to borrow the cost of installation from the city 's Sustainable Energy Financing District and pay it annually on their property tax bills .
So they 'll pay minimal up - front costs .
On the shore of Lake Isabella , about 150 miles north of Los Angeles , a crowd of flight techs , most of them either pierced or tattooed , swarms around a small white airplane .
It 's called an Icon A5 .
It 's a collaboration between an F - 16 pilot and a skateboard designer , and it looks like an odd , rakish sea monster .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Today is the plane 's first flight .
Aeronautical calculations , computer simulations , and wind tunnel tests have been performed , of course .
And yet … every maiden flight is a dance with death .
If all that math was foolproof , after all , no one would need test pilots .
At 6:30 am , the winds are calm .
Jon Karkow pulls a parachute over his shoulders , hugs his girlfriend — a long embrace with whispers exchanged — and clambers into the cockpit ; the A5 is remarkably stable on the water for something with a knife - edged underside .
The tech crew chief closes the cockpit and gives the carbon - fiber skin a few pats ; Karkow fires up the propeller and taxis the A5 out onto the lake .
For more , visit wired.com / video .
A former F - 16 jockey and a skateboard designer collaborate to design the tiny Icon A5 aircraft .
Back on the beach , a square - jawed guy with closely cropped hair watches , frowning , his arms crossed .
Kirk Hawkins started Icon Aircraft , and he has spent the past five years designing and building the A5 .
It 's a plane like no other — the wings fold at the push of a button , making it easy to store and trailer .
The side windows pop out so pilots can feel the wind , and the cockpit has just a few gauges .
Meant to evoke something sporty , like a jet ski , instead of a lumbering Cessna or a tough - to - fly experimental kludge , the plane is supposed to let anyone who can afford the $ 139,000 price tag become a barnstormer .
In a few weeks , a prototype will be on display at the Experimental Aircraft Association 's annual show in Oshkosh , Wisconsin — mecca for air enthusiasts .
If the A5 flies today , and flies well , it could create a new market for airplanes .
In a way , the A5 was made possible by the Federal Aviation Administration .
In 2004 , the FAA implemented the most far - reaching change to aviation rules in 50 years by creating an entirely new category .
Dubbed light - sport aircraft , the category is a sort of intermediate designation between those small private planes parked at every regional airport in the country and flimsy - looking , ultralight " experimental " craft , which are built from kits and flown by the seat of the pants .
Hawkins ' A5 is cheaper than the former and more consistent than the latter , and if the economy does n't put an end to the purchasing of expensive toys , Hawkins thinks A5s are destined for the top of the wish lists of the Ferrari - and - speedboat crowd .
" Those kit - built airplanes are like early PCs , " he says .
" They 're cool , but there 's nothing easy or intuitive about them .
The Icon A5 is going to be completely different . "
The FAA has long had strict certification rules for aircraft and pilots .
Anyone who wants to sell a new type of plane has to spend tens of millions of dollars on tests and paperwork for the Feds .
At the same time , becoming a pilot takes fortitude and a big bank account :
A certificate to fly a private , single - engine piston aircraft requires a complete exam by an FAA - certified physician and a minimum of 40 hours of instruction ( running almost $ 10,000 ) .
And why would you want to ?
The myth of barnstormers in open - cockpit machines landing and taking off at will , of flying as the ultimate expression of freedom — like Denys Finch - Hatton soaring over the Great Rift Valley in Out of Africa — is mostly a lie .
Even small airports are surrounded by chain link and security gates , and private pilots in " controlled airspace " — above 18,000 feet near busy airports — have to file flight plans and do what air traffic control tells them .
It has all the charm of driving on a freeway .
Over the past few decades , all that regulation and cost have nearly killed innovation in the small aircraft market .
In 1978 , the US produced more than 14,000 single - engine , piston - powered airplanes .
As of 2007 , that number was 2,000 .
A classic of the genre , the Cessna Skyhawk , is a slow , ugly beast that , save for a few refinements , looks today just like it did when it was introduced in 1955 .
The A5's wings fold at the push of a button , making it as trailerable as a jet ski .
Photo : Andrew Zuckerman Luckily for wing nuts , the FAA also certifies experimental planes .
Pilots can fly just about anything , as long as they build it and fly it themselves .
This is where most of the innovation in small - craft aviation has come from in the past couple of decades : fabric - winged two - seaters and carbon - fiber kit planes with clean aerodynamic shapes and customized performance .
Today , one in seven single - engine piston airplanes is experimental .
Putting one of these kits together is hardly a minor project , of course , and when you 're done you still have to get a pilot 's certificate .
The new light - sport category makes it much easier for amateur fliers to take to the air .
Planes in this class must have just one engine , and maximum airspeed is 138 miles per hour .
Sport pilots must stay below 10,000 feet ( lower than most jetliners ) and fly only during the day , in clear skies and away from busy airports .
But that 's still a lot of room to barnstorm .
And wannabe pilots need only 20 hours of instruction to get certified .
Giants like Cirrus and Cessna are rushing to bring out light - sport airplanes ; Cessna has already taken more than 1,000 orders on its new SkyCatcher , which wo n't be delivered until the end of the year .
It costs about $ 112,000 , half what the next - lowest - priced Cessna does .
Unfortunately , it also looks like a baby Cessna , and most of those orders are headed straight to flight schools as entry - level models .
Meanwhile , the light - sport designation has been a magnet for entrepreneurs .
In just five years , a flock of upstart companies have introduced almost 90 planes that meet the new standards .
Hawkins wanted a piece of that market .
To explain why , he offers to take me flying .
" Look , " he says , muscling a tiny airplane off the beach in his bathing suit and Nike water shoes , " flying is fun !
Or it 's supposed to be , anyway . "
Our aircraft is an Aventura II — it 's amphibious , like the A5 , but made of aluminum tubes covered with fiberglass , Dacron , and Kevlar .
It looks a little like a 7 - foot - tall ostrich head .
And Hawkins looks a little like someone dreamed up by the guys down in marketing .
As a boy , he wanted to be an astronaut .
He grew up racing motocross and jet skis , then spent a summer as a bush pilot in Alaska .
After the first Gulf War , he flew F - 16s over southern Iraq — and came home to get master 's degrees in engineering and business from Stanford .
He 's 41 , frequently wears untucked striped dress shirts and Diesel jeans , and possesses the smooth , fighter - pilot cool that 's tough to pull off unless you actually are a pilot .
Icon A5 Specifications
We squeeze into the cockpit , just big enough for the two of us , and when I rest my elbow on the open window I notice that it 's a mere 8 inches down to the waterline .
Hawkins fires up the 100 - horsepower motor .
In seconds we 're airborne , skimming over the lake at 85 mph , the wind in our hair .
Hawkins yanks and banks in crazy circles , flies 2 feet over the ripples , plays chicken with brown hillsides , and falls into formation with a flock of pelicans .
" When you see hawks , they 'll engage with you ! " he shouts over the noise of the prop , climbing toward a pair of vultures at 500 feet .
" We could go camping at the next lake over !
We could land right there and have a picnic ! "
Hawkins dives toward a dirt road that runs alongside the lake .
He 's grinning , laughing ; we both are , and for the first time in my life I feel like , well , like I 'm really flying and not just cruising in a tin can .
" Flying like this is easy .
Anyone can do it , " he says , giving me the stick and telling me to bring the Aventura into a level buzz above the water .
" Night .
Weather .
Flying into LAX while working the radio and avoiding traffic .
Those are difficult , " Hawkins says .
" Stick - and - rudder basics are easy .
I could teach you to solo in five hours .
You could n't fly at night or in congestion or in the fog , but you would n't take a jet ski out at night in a shipping lane , either . "
Actually , the Aventura is one of those kit planes , just one step up from ultralights , and it 's anything but easy .
You have to devote hundreds of hours to building it yourself , and it still costs $ 70,000 .
Getting it from your garage or hangar to a body of water for takeoff means putting on and taking off the wings , a process that can take two people four hours .
And although it 's a simple airplane , it 's fickle to fly , looks and feels flimsy , and is uncomfortable .
Hawkins ' plan , then , was simple : Keep the fun .
Fix the rest .
On a balmy night in Los Angeles a month before the A5's maiden flight , 500 people gather in Icon 's parking lot .
The bar is seeing a lot of action , and motocross videos loop on big LCDs .
This is the official unveiling of the A5 , wrapped for now in black silk .
Olympic snowboarder Shaun White , the Flying Tomato , is knocking back beers in skintight black leather pants and skater sneakers .
Further contributing to the X Games vibe , Troy Lee , a celebrity in the world of motocross and mountain biking , is chatting with fellow Icon board members .
There 's tech guru Esther Dyson , an early Icon investor .
And there 's Dick Rutan , brother of aviation visionary and X Prize - winning SpaceShipOne designer Burt and the first person to fly around the world nonstop on a single tank of gas .
None of them have seen the plane yet .
Fox has , apparently , declared war on ABC's Lost ... by permanently moving American Idol opposite for the rest of the season .
But what effect will this have on the island drama , and what 's behind the move ?
Advertisement
Lost 's audience has been slowly dropping since its return , and last week 's two - hour episode of Fox 's Idol made that drop even sharper ... but , according to the Hollywood Reporter , Fox 's decision to push Idol to 9 pm on Wednesdays is actually more a defensive maneuver than it initially seems , protecting their new drama Lie To Me ( starring the Abomination himself , Tim Roth ) from losing audiences to Lost .
Any collateral damage to ABC 's flagship drama is purely coincidental ... and a very happy accident .
ABC , on the other hand , are likely to see things the same way ; with Life on Mars continuing to fall in the ratings , do n't be too surprised if the network announces that Lost will be returning to a safer 10 pm timeslot within the next few weeks .
Advertisement
Fox Moves ' Idol ' Against ' Lost ' [ THR Live Feed ]
There is currently no cure for Alzheimer 's disease
The most common form of dementia may be closely related to another common disease of old - age - type II diabetes , say scientists .
Treating Alzheimer 's with the hormone insulin , or with drugs to boost its effect , may help patients , they claim .
The journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences reports insulin could protect against damage to brain cells key to memory .
UK experts said the find could be the basis of new drug treatments .
The most exciting implications are that some diabetes drugs have the potential to be developed as Alzheimer 's treatments
Spokesman , Alzheimer 's Research Trust
The relationship between insulin and brain disease has been under scrutiny since doctors found evidence that the hormone was active there .
The latest study , joint research between Northwestern University in the US and the University of Rio de Janeiro in Brazil , looked at the effects of insulin on proteins called ADDLs , which build up in the brains of Alzheimer 's patients and cause damage .
They took neurons - brain cells - from the hippocampus , a part of the brain with a pivotal role in memory formation .
These were treated with insulin and a drug called rosiglitazone , given to type II diabetics to increase the effect of the hormone on cells .
After this , the cells were far less susceptible to damage when exposed to ADDLs , suggesting that insulin was capable of blocking their effects .
Treatment hope Professor William Klein , from Northwestern , said that drugs to boost the brain 's sensitivity to insulin could provide " new avenues " for treating Alzheimer 's disease .
" Sensitivity to insulin can decline with aging , which presents a novel risk factor for Alzheimer 's disease - our results demonstrate that bolstering insulin signalling can protect neurons from harm . "
His colleague , Professor Sergio Ferreira , from Rio de Janeiro , said : " Recognising that Alzheimer 's disease is a type of brain diabetes points the way to novel discoveries that may finally result in disease - modifying treatments for this devastating disease . "
A spokesman for the Alzheimer 's Research Trust said that the study shed light on how insulin interacted with toxic proteins linked to the disease .
" People with diabetes are at higher risk of developing Alzheimer 's .
It is well known that insulin affects how the brain works , and this research adds more evidence to the possibility that Alzheimer 's could be a type of brain diabetes .
" The most exciting implications are that some diabetes drugs have the potential to be developed as Alzheimer 's treatments . "
Dr Victoria King , of the charity Diabetes UK , said : " We already know that people with Type 2 diabetes are at a higher risk of developing Alzheimer 's disease .
" This study is in its early stages but it is interesting because it suggests that insulin , alongside drugs that help the body use insulin more effectively , may protect against the underlying biological mechanisms associated with the development of Alzheimer 's disease .
" This is very intriguing and could potentially help with new treatments for Alzheimer 's disease and shed further light on its links with diabetes .
We would certainly welcome more research in this area . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BUFFALO , New York ( Reuters ) - A commuter plane suddenly nosedived and slammed into a home in snowy western New York state late on Thursday , killing all 49 people aboard and one on the ground as it burst into a giant ball of flames .
Speculation immediately focused on the icy conditions .
The crew reported snow and mist and commented on ice buildup on the windshield and front edge of the wings shortly before the crash , investigators said after listening to the cockpit voice recorder .
The crash followed an extended period of safety in the U.S. airline industry and was the first deadly accident since August 2006 , when a similar number of people were killed when a Comair jet crashed on takeoff in Kentucky .
Continental Connection Flight 3407 , operated by Colgan Air , was traveling to Buffalo from Newark , New Jersey .
Colgan is a unit of Pinnacle Airlines .
The 74 - seat plane -- a Dash 8 Q400 turboprop made by Canada ’s Bombardier Inc -- went down at about 10:20 p.m. EST ( 0320 GMT on Friday ) about 6 miles before the runway at the Buffalo airport , authorities said .
This was the third fatal crash since 2003 for Pinnacle and its Colgan unit , according to safety records .
The two previous flights , which were not carrying passengers , resulted in a total of four crew fatalities .
Bombardier said it was the first fatal crash involving a Dash 8 Q400 aircraft .
As the plane descended with its landing gear down , it suddenly and violently rotated its nose up and down and its wings see - sawed , investigators said after reviewing flight data and cockpit voice recorders recovered from the wreckage .
“ Shortly after that the crew attempted to raise the gear and flaps , just before the end of the recording , ” said Steve Chealander of the National Transportation Safety Board .
Only the tail section of the plane appeared intact , sticking out of a crater as firefighters worked to put out a blaze fed by jet fuel and a natural gas leak .
TWO ESCAPE DESTROYED HOME
Two people escaped the destroyed house and neighboring homes went unscathed .
“ It ’s hard to make sense of it today but God has n’t left us .
Two of three people that were in the home that the plane landed on miraculously escaped .
A couple people missed the flight and saved their lives , ” New York Governor David Paterson told a news conference .
Slideshow ( 15 images )
“ So we just take what little we can and move forward . ”
There were 44 passengers , four crew members and an off - duty pilot on board .
Among the victims was Beverly Eckert , the widow of a September 11 victim and an advocate for survivors .
Another victim was Alison Des Forges , one of the world ’s leading experts on the 1994 Rwanda genocide .
Slideshow ( 15 images )
Witnesses in the Buffalo suburb of Clarence Center said the plane came out of the sky in a steep dive .
“ I could hear what sounded like a high - pitched sound -- a tube with air rushing through it , ” Keith Burtis told CNN .
“ You could feel the ground shake . ”
Commercial aircraft are equipped with de-icing systems but safety experts say even a small buildup of ice on the wings can affect aerodynamics .
Thursday ’s disaster came less than a month after the successful crash landing of a US Airways jetliner on the Hudson River in New York City .
All 155 people on board survived after the plane hit birds , taking out both engines , and pilot Chesley “ Sully ” Sullenberger brought it down safely on the river .
Carlos Alberto , Portuguese craftsman made by hand this inspiring wooden Vespa .
Classic Vespa is one of the most gorgeous designs in history , and this is a really worthy remake .
The small scooter is based on an original Vespa which had fallen into complete disorder , but using long - tested woodcraft techniques a curving new body was made for the runabout .
The main vertebrae of the bike is fashioned from steam bent and plastic - coated veneers upon which very well carved body work hangs .
Seat and package tray , are also made from wood .
Thank you for your outpouring of support for a White House Farmer – we received nearly 56,000 votes from all across the country in just 10 days !
This amazing grassroots effort has sent a huge wave of awareness across the nation .
You have spoken loud and clear — not only to encourage the new administration to make Michael Pollan ’s call for a White House Farmer a reality — but also for the larger cause that we are working toward with our farms and with our forks , delicious food grown sustainably by farmers in our communities .
We offer our congratulations to all the nominees , and to farmers across the nation who steward the land and grow good food .
You are all winners , and we are grateful for the work you do .
The top three vote - getters in this poll were :
1. Claire Strader , Troy Community Farm , Madison , WI
2. Carrie Anne Little , Mother Earth Farm , Puyallup , WA
3. Margaret Lloyd , Home Farming , Davis , CA
Claire Strader and Carrie Anne Little write :
It is a great honor for us to be recognized by our communities as potential candidates for the first White House Farmer .
We are thrilled at the possibility of converting a portion of the lovely White House lawn into a lively vegetable farm .
As vegetable , fruit , and flower growers , we know that a well - managed organic farm can be at least as beautiful as a lawn , and certainly more engaging , productive , and inspirational .
Share this on Twitter ( opens in a new window )
Share this on Facebook ( opens in a new window )
Hello All …
It ’s TJ from the Marketing Team , back again for another update on Killzone 2 .
A ton of Killzone 2 reviews have posted & the game is already receiving critical acclaim , including 5 Editor ’s Choice awards from various media .
IGN
PlayStation : The Official Magazine
GamePro
GameSpy
GameZone
GameStop
If you just ca n’t wait until Killzone 2 launches on February 27th , starting right now , the single - player demo will be available to all of you who pre-ordered Killzone 2 from GameStop .
Those that pre-ordered in - store should be able to use the voucher card , while those that pre-ordered through GameStop.com should receive your redeemable code later today .
We ’ve got 22 days until Killzone 2 deploys exclusively on the PS3 .
More info to come soon on how to get one of these …
( No , it ’s not a render … it ’s a replica . )
Stay tuned .
– TJ
John Kemp at the Guardian is making a case that the US and UK are on the brink of a debt disaster .
Let 's investigate the discussion and charts .
The United States and the United Kingdom stand on the brink of the largest debt crisis in history .
While both governments experiment with quantitative easing , bad banks to absorb non-performing loans , and state guarantees to restart bank lending , the only real way out is some combination of widespread corporate default , debt write - downs and inflation to reduce the burden of debt to more manageable levels .
Everything else is window - dressing .
To understand the scale of the problem , and why it leaves so few options for policymakers , take a look at Chart 1 .
click on chart for sharper image
From the 1970s onward , the economy has undergone two profound structural shifts .
First , the economy as a whole has become much more indebted .
Output rose eight times between 1975 and 2007 .
But the total volume of debt rose a staggering 20 times , more than twice as fast .
The total debt - to - GDP ratio surged from 155 percent to 355 percent .
Second , almost all this extra debt has come from the private sector [ as the following chart shows ] .
click on chart for sharper image
Despite acres of newsprint devoted to the federal budget deficit over the last thirty years , public debt at all levels has risen only 11.5 times since 1975 .
This is slightly faster than the eight - fold increase in nominal GDP over the same period , but government debt has still only risen from 37 percent of GDP to 52 percent .
Instead , the real debt explosion has come from the private sector .
Private debt outstanding has risen an enormous 22 times , three times faster than the economy as a whole , and fast enough to take the ratio of private debt to GDP from 117 percent to 303 percent in a little over thirty years .
The charts strongly suggest the necessary condition for resolving the debt crisis is a reduction in the outstanding volume of debt , an increase in nominal GDP , or some combination of the two , to reduce the debt - to - GDP ratio to a more sustainable level .
From this perspective , it is clear many of the existing policies being pursued in the United States and the United Kingdom will not resolve the crisis because they do not lower the debt ratio .
Bankruptcy or Inflation
widespread bankruptcies are probably socially and politically unacceptable .
Feb. 3 , 2008  --
Washington is planning billions in subsidies for the ailing automobile industry , and the US Senate is debating a ' Buy American ' provision in its economic stimulus package .
The European Union fears the US is trying to seal off its market -- and is using its diplomatic arsenal in a bid to stop the move .
The European Union is unhappy about a " Buy American " clause in the United States bailout program making its way through Senate this week that officials say reeks of protectionism and could threaten to spark renewed trade wars between the US and Europe .
" President Obama has a major opportunity to give leadership to the world , " said the EU 's ambassador to Washington , John Bruton , on Monday .
" If the first major piece of legislation that he signs is one that is seen as damaging to the economic interests of other countries in a way that is unnecessary and wasteful , then his capacity to give the sort of leadership the world needs at this time is considerably and unnecessarily reduced . "
Last week , Congress prompted international concern that its planned bailout package would include protectionist measures that could seal the US market off from foreign competitors , including those in export - dependent Germany .
Congress , controlled by President Barack Obama 's Democratic Party , is calling for a provision that would only allow US steel and iron to be used in infrastructure projects planned in the $ 825 billion ( €643.2 billion ) bailout package .
At issue is a sum of about $ 300 billion that would be invested in infrastructure projects in the coming years like sewage treatment plants , new railroads and bridges as well as the modernization of the US electrical grid , wind farms and solar panels .
EU Ambassador Bruton , in a letter sent to top US politicians including Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , said that , if approved , the measure would set a " dangerous precedent . "
According to the Associated Press , which obtained a copy of the letter , Bruton wrote that the US and other countries had pledged not to resort to protectionism in dealing with the crisis at a meeting of world leaders in November .
Failure to meet that obligation " risks entering into a spiral of protectionist measures around the globe that can only hurt our economies further . "
In Germany , the world 's largest exporter , companies export goods worth some € 70 billion to the US each year .
The Obama administration has not yet stated its official position on the " Buy American " clause , but Vice President Joe Biden said in an interview last week , " I think it 's legitimate to have some portions of ' Buy American ' in it . "
On Monday , however , the chairman of the conservative Republican Party in the Senate , Mitch McConnell , said he opposed the measures .
" I do n't think we ought to use a measure that is supposed to be timely , temporary and targeted to set off trade wars when the entire world is experiencing a downturn in the economy , " McConnell said .
" It 's a bad idea to put it in a bill like this , which is supposed to be about jump - starting the economy . "
European steel manufacturers have already called on the European Commission to sue the US at the World Trade Organization if necessary .
Bruton said that any " Buy American " clause would , at best , be legally questionable .
And , in his letter , Bruton wrote : " Measures of this nature , if they breach WTO rules , are likely to be the subject of legal action .
There is always the possibility of retaliatory measures to be taken . "
On Monday , the US Senate began negotiating the economic stimulus package after Congress passed an € 819 billion bill .
In the Senate , however , that amount is expected to rise to up to €900 billion .
In the Senate version , the " Buy American " clause goes even further , stating that funds from the stimulus package cannot be used " unless all of the iron , steel and manufactured goods used in the projects are produced in the United States . "
' A Negative Signal '
In both the House of Representatives and the Senate , the Republicans have broadly rejected the protectionist provisions .
They have also criticized the package for not containing sufficient tax breaks .
The Republicans believe the package , in its current form , wo n't have the immediate stimulus effect the Democrats are hoping for .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs denied those charges on Monday .
He also said that President Obama would review the " Buy American " provisions , and that changes were likely in the Senate draft before it is put to a vote on Friday .
Afterwards , the drafts of the House and Senate version must be reconciled before it goes to President Obama for his approval .
Given the divisions over the measures , Obama himself has expressed readiness to compromise .
Obama is seeking to implement the stimulus package by mid-February .
In Germany , industry insiders are viewing the draft legislation with skepticism .
" The fact that this clause even came to be is a negative signal that worries us , " said Sigrid Zirbel , regional director for America at the Federation of German Industry ( BDI ) , who said she viewed the legislation as a " sign things are moving in the direction of protectionism . "
But she said any final conclusions would have to be drawn after the bill is finalized .
On Friday , White House spokesman Gibbs said the Obama administration would review the " Buy American " provisions .
" It understands all of the concerns that have been heard , not only in this room but in newspapers produced both up north and down south . "
German Chancellor Angela Merkel would likely welcome any shift in American thinking .
She has warned against national subsidies and protectionism in the wake of the global economic and financial crisis .
" I am very wary of seeing subsidies injected into the US auto industry , " Merkel said last week .
" Such periods must not last too long because they inevitably lead to a certain degree of distortion and , quite frankly , constitute protectionism . "
Merkel was also speaking out against comments made by the French government .
On Friday , French Economics Minister Christine Lagarde described a little bit of protectionism during times of crisis as a " necessary evil . "
-- dsl with wires
Protectionist measures were an intense matter of discussion as finance ministers from the Group of 7 economies met this weekend in Rome .
While the number of jobs in the United States has been falling since the end of 2007 , the pace of layoffs in Europe , Asia and the developing world has caught up only recently as companies that resisted deep cuts in the past follow the lead of their American counterparts .
The International Monetary Fund expects that by the end of the year , global economic growth will reach its lowest point since the Depression , according to Charles Collyns , deputy director of the fund ’s research department .
The fund said that growth had come to “ a virtual halt , ” with developed economies expected to shrink by 2 percent in 2009 .
“ This is the worst we ’ve had since 1929 , ” said Laurent Wauquiez , France ’s employment minister .
“ The thing that is new is that it is global , and we are always talking about that .
It is in every country , and it makes the whole difference . ”
In Asia , any smugness at having escaped losses on American subprime debt has been erased by growing despair over a plunge in sales among major exporters .
On Thursday , Pioneer of Japan said it would abandon the flat - screen television business and cut 10,000 jobs worldwide in response to sagging demand for consumer electronics .
Millions of migrant workers in mainland China are searching for jobs but finding that factories are shutting down .
Though not as large as the disturbances in Greece or the Baltics , there have been dozens of protests at individual factories in China and Indonesia where workers were laid off with little or no notice .
There 's no question the Internet is a powerful tool .
And the results of grass - roots campaigns can be amazing .
Just look at the Sun 's quest for the most influential British Columbian in all history .
It started as a no -holds - barred open poll where anyone could be nominated .
A large and eclectic list developed , including lots of people who had truly been B.C. pioneers , and those who had spent just some time here but had made an impact in the sporting world or elsewhere .
Unfortunately , the online nomination form became a place for spiteful people to make rude comments and proffer spoof candidates , so we decided to take it down and start the process over again .
We took a large number of candidates -- nearly 220 -- as suggested by our reader panel and online submissions , and again opened the vote .
And voters responded enthusiastically .
In fact , more than 31,300 votes were cast .
We knew there would be some multiple voters , but the passion evoked by some of the candidates truly caught us off guard .
According to VancouverSun.com voters , the most influential British Columbian is musician , Joey Keithley , lead singer of the punk rock band DOA .
And while that is interesting , does it truly represent the province 's most influential citizen , greater than , say , Terry Fox or Emily Carr or W.A.C.
Bennett , to name just a few ?
The results aroused our curiosity , and we found that Sudden Death Record 's web site included a link to our voting form and urged Keithley fans to " vote once , vote often . "
How often ?
Well , out of 2,912 votes cast for Keithley , some 1,268 votes were from IP addresses that registered multiple votes .
In fact , one single IP address alone recorded 843 votes for Keithley .
So here is our list , warts and all .
What does it say about us ?
It says we like musicians , truly heroic people like Terry Fox , environmentalists , entertainers , athletes and iconoclasts .
Paul Bucci is The Sun 's deputy managing editor , multimedia .
Reach him at pbucci@vancouversun.com
1. Joey Keithley 2912
2. Terry Fox 1703
3 , David Suzuki 1405
4. Michael J. Fox 1131
5. Ross Rebagliati 1033
6. Emily Carr 974
7. Rick Hansen 733
8. Peter ' Dr. Peter ' Jepson - Young 730
9. Joni Mitchell 713
10 . Marc Emery 684
11 . Nelly Furtado 671
12 . Michael Buble 625
13 . David Foster 579
14 . Chief Dan George 549
15 . Bill Reid 522
16 . Bryan Adams 473
17 . Libby Davies 430
18 . Steve Nash 407
19 . Jimmy Pattison 405
20 . W.A.C. Bennett 354
21 . Mel Lehan 354
22 . Trevor Linden 336
23 . Captain George Vancouver 330
24 . Robert Bateman 328
25 . Arthur Erickson 325
26 . Simon Fraser 325
27 . Pamela Anderson 323
28 . Rosemary Brown 290
29 . Svend Robinson 284
30 . Diana Krall 251
31 . Dave Barrett 241
32 . Jack Webster 229
33 . Harry Rankin 215
34 . Randy Bachman 213
35 . Thomas Berger 189
36 . Margaret Mitchell 187
37 . Atom Egoyan 185
38 . Shashi Assanand 183
39 . Mike Harcourt 183
40 . Albert ' Ginger ' Goodwin 167
41 . Bruce Allen 159
42 . H.R. MacMillan 152
New Comcast Throttling System 100 % Online Comcast tells us new network management system live in all markets
In line with their traffic management website Comcast has confirmed to us they 've installed their new broadband throttling system across all markets .
The system , which we first profiled back in September , throttles a user 's connection if a particular CMTS port is congested , and if that user has been identified as a primary reason why .
This two - condition throttling system replaces Comcast 's old , FCC - criticized system of using forged TCP packets to throttle upstream P2P services for all users , regardless of consumption .
According to Comcast 's filings ( pdf ) with the FCC , they 've deployed new hardware and software close to the company 's Regional Network Routers ( RNRs ) .
This hardware will flip a user from the standard " Priority Best - Effort " traffic ( PBE ) to lower quality of service ( QoS ) " Best - Effort " traffic ( BE ) for fifteen minutes if they 're a major reason congestion exists .
While certainly a slightly more transparent system to those paying attention , the new system is probably going to confuse the American public , many of whom do n't even know what a gigabyte is .
Comcast used a bus metaphor to explain the difference between best effort and priority best effort traffic to the FCC : quote :
If there is no congestion , packets from a user in a BE state should have little trouble getting on the bus when they arrive at the bus stop .
If , on the other hand , there is congestion in a particular instance , the bus may become filled by packets in a PBE state before any BE packets can get on .
In that situation , the BE packets would have to wait for the next bus that is not filled by PBE packets .
Comcast says that sustained use of 70 % of your up or downstream throughput triggers the BE state , at which point you 'll find your traffic priority lowered until your usage drops to 50 % of your provisioned upstream or downstream bandwidth for " a period of approximately 15 minutes . "
A throttled Comcast user being placed in a BE state " may or may not result in the user 's traffic being delayed or , in extreme cases , dropped before PBE traffic is dropped . "
Comcast says that sustained use of 70 % of your up or downstream throughput triggers the BE state , at which point you 'll find your traffic priority lowered until your usage drops to 50 % of your provisioned upstream or downstream bandwidth for " a period of approximately 15 minutes . "
A throttled Comcast user being placed in a BE state " may or may not result in the user 's traffic being delayed or , in extreme cases , dropped before PBE traffic is dropped . "
Note that upstream and downstream bandwidth are managed separately .
Also note that the differentiation between PBE and BE traffic occurs in two millisecond increments .
According to Comcast , even if the packets for a best effort throttled user missed 50 " busses , " the delay would only be about one - tenth of a second .
In addition to the new throttling system , Comcast has also a 250 GB monthly usage cap for all users .
As we mentioned last Friday , Comcast has confirmed that a web portal - based bandwidth tracker is currently in beta among Comcast employees -- but has yet to give an official launch date .
A Comcast insider had previously given us leaked screenshots of the monitor , and said it was originally scheduled to go live on January 5 ( today ) .
Comcast has confirmed to us that they 've completed the upgrade to the new system .
Comcast has confirmed to us that they 've completed the upgrade to the new system .
News Jump Stark New Reality In The Telco Business : Dumb Pipes No Longer Cut It ; AT&T Unveils Mix and Match Plans ; + more news AT&T Extends Overage Charge Waiver ; Verizon And T - Mobile Each Insist Their 5G Strategy Is The Right One ; + more news War Of Words Heats Up : T - Mobile Fires Back At Verizon , AT&T ; Amazon Intros Gaming Service To Take On Stadia ; + more news Starlink 's Network Faces Huge Limitations ; AT&T Whines T - Mobile Merger Put Too Much Spectrum In One Place ; + more news WISPs Get CBRS Range As Great As Six Miles At 100 Mbps Speeds ; Windstream Officially Exits Bankruptcy ; + more news Charter Relaunches Free 60 - day Internet And Wi-Fi Offer ; NCTA : FCC Should Stick With 25/3 Speed Threshold ; + more news Comcast Shuts Off Internet for Subs Who Were Sold Service Illegally ; AT&T , Verizon Team To Stop T - Mobile 5G ; + more news California Defends Its Net Neutrality Law ; AT&T's Traffic Up 20 % Despite Data Traffic Actually Being Down ; + more news Are The Comcast - Charter X1 Talks Dead In The Water ? ; AT&T May Offer Phone Plans With Ads For Discounts ; + more news Europe 's Top Court : Net Neutrality Rules Bar Zero Rating ; ViacomCBS To Rebrand CBS All Access As Paramount + ; + more news
----------------------
this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 163 comments
Lazlow
join:2006-08-07
Saint Louis , MO 2 recommendations Lazlow Member
Why both ?
Why both this throttling and the cap ?
Assuming the throttling works the way it is supposed to , I really do not have much of a problem with it ( mostly just the principle of the thing ) .
They have always said that the caps were to prevent one user from slowing down the rest of the users on the node .
This type of throttling should prevent that .
So why the cap ?
jlivingood
Premium Member
join:2007-10 -28
Philadelphia , PA 2 recommendations jlivingood Premium Member Yup , We 're Done ...
We 've contacted Comcast and are awaiting confirmation that the system has been 100 % implemented across all markets , and will update this entry .
Yup , we sure did finish .
It was a huge amount of work in 90 days , but it 's all done .
Jason
Yup , we sure did finish .
It was a huge amount of work in 90 days , but it 's all done .
Jason
This practice has been ruled Unconstitutional in more than one Supreme Court .
Mass .
Decision : Supreme Justice Court Voids Decision by sex offender Board - Ex Post Facto Violated
Alaska Supreme Court overturns part of sex offender registry law
How does this harm children ?
This harms children in that those children and wives of EX sex offenders , Men or Women who committed a crime 20 , 30 or 100 years ago and have served out what ever sentence which the courts imposed many years ago , are now being forced without due process to Register as Sex Offenders .
This places their name , photograph , address and much more information on the internet for all to see .
This also includes many other punishments such as being forced to mail out flyers with their photo , crime , address and more to all neighbors within 1/2 mile of their residence .
This causes the children of these or women to loose all their friends and they too are now banished from society .
Banishing a person from society for the rest of their lives for a crime committed and served two or three decades ago is not only morally wrong , but also Constitutionally wrong .
If the courts are allowed to to this to those who committed a sexual crime , then what is going to stop them from doing the same to any ex criminal .
How can the nation stand by and allow the courts to again add punishments to a persons crime of 30 years ago , if that person has already served all their time and paid their debt ?
These persons are banned from going to public parks .
These people can no longer take their children to parks to swim , ski , boat , grill food or play football and other sports like they have been doing for all their lives .
If the ex offender is the only driver in the family , then their children are effectively banned from participating in sports , musical classes or any extra events as sex offenders are banned from school properties .
Parents cannot take their children to events and thus , these children suffer in that they cannot attend .
Once a person is illegally placed in the Sex Offender Registry , many new laws and punishments are applied to this new Sub Class of People .
Link and Video
Back to our Constitution !
America needs to work hard on renewing our trust and respect of the United States Constitution .
These politicians who are eager for fame and fortune who wish to pass Get Tough on Crime legislation are harming countless thousands of American Children and Families with their hastily drawn laws .
Governors , such as Piyush " Bobby " Jindal , Louisiana who wish to label all sex offenders and spout off statements like , " I want to move all sex offenders to Angola , ( The State Prison ) .
We need to rid our state of these monsters .... need to be restrained from harming the good citizens of the United States with their rogue lawmaking .
One court said :
" The state 's highest court ruled that the state cannot force a man with an unblemished record since his 1979 rape conviction to register as a sex offender without giving him a chance to argue that he should be exempt .
The Supreme Judicial Court found that the state violated the man 's right to due process by insisting he had a mandatory obligation to register as a Level 1 , low - level sex offender for the rest of his life , despite evidence that he was unlikely to re offend .
" He would be forced to say annually , and without regard for the past one - quarter century , ' I am a sex offender , and here is where to find me , ' " wrote Justice Robert J. Cordy .
Though the man 's identity would not be made public , it would be disclosed to police , which the court found would be humiliating and intrusive . "
Every time you hear the term Sex Offender , you are not hearing about a child molester or rapist .
Our next article will explain this in more detail .
Thank you .
We hope you have enjoyed our article .
Citizens for Legislative Change , America
GREAT SERVICE
Genius Support Service :
Your support team is just as helpful as your sales team , I have encountered some errors over the last 3 years and every time I submit a ticket it was solved in less than 45 minutes , that shows how much you care about customers , and this is honestly why I ’m sticking with TMD Hosting for such a long time .
Overall , After using TMDHosting for three years , I can say that it is a five star hosting company comparing to any other hosting companies out there , highly recommended , extremely professional , quick customer service , very efficient support and most important , high speed servers and hard drives .
Odai Ameera
Label Manager | SYNCHRONIZED MUSIC
Planned projects such as the Skylon plane ( illustrated ) would use oxygen from the atmosphere to burn fuel for at least part of the way to space ( Illustration : Mann / Reaction Engines )
Read a blog by spacecraft engineer Henry Spencer arguing that rockets , not air - breathing planes , will be the spaceships of the future
Getting to space has never been simple .
A standing army of thousands is needed to launch the space shuttle , land it safely , and refurbish it so it is once again ready for flight .
And even the most basic space rockets require multiple stages , whose weight is mostly taken up by oxidisers needed to burn fuel .
Rockets launch vertically to minimise the time they spend where Earth ’s atmosphere is thickest , shedding stages to reduce their weight as they climb .
For decades , engineers have dreamed of a better way : a single - stage - to - orbit vehicle that would be lighter , cheaper , and easy to reuse .
A fleet of these vehicles , supporters say , could be almost as easy to maintain as conventional jet planes , reducing the preparation time before each launch from months to days or even hours .
Advertisement
Since most of a rocket ’s weight is taken up by oxidiser , one logical approach is to save weight by developing an engine that can use oxygen from the atmosphere to burn fuel at least part of the way .
Are we getting any closer to this goal ?
Last week , the UK firm Reaction Engines announced they had received € 1 million from the European Space Agency to develop three key parts for an air - breathing rocket engine .
The firm hopes those components could one day help fulfill a decades - old plan to build a space plane called Skylon , which could take off and land on a runway like a conventional jet .
But Skylon is n’t the only game in town .
New Scientist takes a look at air - breathing technology and what it could mean for the future of spaceflight .
How do air - breathing engines work ?
The basic air - breathing engine uses inlets at the front of the vehicle to suck in air .
What happens after that depends on the design .
One common engine is the ramjet , which uses the geometry of the engine to slow air down .
But ramjets are only useful at relatively low speeds .
At hypersonic speeds – above 5 times the speed of sound , or Mach 5 – the slowed air is too hot to be useful for combustion .
A popular solution to this problem is the scramjet , which does not slow air down very much , but instead quickly mixes the fast - flowing air with fuel together to create thrust .
But scramjets are only useful above Mach 5 , meaning another system , perhaps a conventional rocket , is needed to propel the plane to hypersonic speeds .
How fast can air - breathing engines travel ?
The answer is not yet clear , since the technology has not undergone many tests .
But at a certain speed , researchers believe air ca n’t be mixed fast enough with fuel to combust it .
That puts a limit on how fast air - breathing engines can go and suggests they will need to depend on rocket power to get that last boost into orbit .
Estimates for the speed limit of scramjets , for example , range from Mach 12 to Mach 20 ( depending largely on the type of fuel used ) , says Mark Lewis , an aerospace engineer at the University of Maryland in College Park .
That ’s still short of the Mach 25 or so needed to reach orbit and means scramjet flights would begin and end with a rocket phase .
What is Skylon ’s approach ?
Skylon ’s proposed engine would use a heat exchanger to cool incoming air from 1000 °C at Mach 5 to less than - 100 °C .
Once cooled , the air is mixed with liquid hydrogen and burned .
Unlike scramjets , Skylon is designed to run in air - breathing mode directly from launch up to a speed of Mach 5.5 .
At an altitude of 26 kilometres , the engine would switch to conventional rocket power and use onboard oxygen to propel the plane into space .
“ It ’s a pretty unique concept , ” says Mark Hempsell , director of future programmes at Reaction Engines .
“ I think at the moment it ’s the only realistic way to make aircraft vehicles that go into space . ”
The design should be sufficient to power a 43 - tonne plane that can loft 12 tonnes of payload into low - Earth orbit , about half what the space shuttle can carry , the firm says .
How far along is the technology ?
The most well - developed hypersonic air - breathing engines are small ones that are easily adapted to act as missile propulsion systems .
Two of the longest and fastest hypersonic air - breathing flights on record were made by NASA ’s X - 43 , a 5 - metre- long scramjet - powered vehicle that accomplished two powered flights lasting roughly 10 seconds at Mach 7 and Mach 10 in 2004 .
But that might change soon .
Later in 2009 , the US Air Force plans to begin test flights of a scramjet called the X - 51 .
A B - 52 bomber jet will be used to carry the vehicle to an altitude of 15 km , where it will be released and run for 4 to 5 minutes , accelerating to Mach 6 .
Given the range of options , what ’s the best engine to use ?
“ As with all these things , the devil is in the details , ” says propulsion expert Aaron Auslander of NASA ’s Langley Research Center in Hampton , Virginia .
There may be multiple ways to get to orbit .
Picking the best design requires a better understanding of how cost effective and reliable the vehicles will be , Auslander says .
“ I think all approaches are on the table , ” Lewis told New Scientist .
Reaction Engines is “ looking at one possible combination of engine system , and there ’s really a much broader range of options we need to explore before we know what to fly up to orbit , ” he adds .
Because scramjets might operate over the widest range of speeds , possibly up to Mach 20 , Lewis says , they might be the most effective choice : “ The farther you can go in the atmosphere , the greater the advantage will be . ”
But because scramjets would need a rocket to launch , and rockets accelerate too fast for tires , a scramjet plane would either have to launch vertically or on some sort of rail system , says Lewis .
Read a blog by spacecraft engineer Henry Spencer arguing that rockets , not air - breathing planes , will be the spaceships of the future
In retrospect , Harvard 's eventual involvement was obvious .
As far back as 2007 , we noted that RIAA prelitigation letters had yet to be sent to Harvard , and one reason for that may have been the quite public opposition of Harvard Law School to the entire RIAA legal campaign .
Law professor Charles Nesson and John Palfrey , director of the Berkman Center for Internet & Society ( which Nesson co-founded ) , made their position clear .
" Recently , the president of the Recording Industry Association of America , Cary Sherman , wrote to Harvard to challenge the university administration to stop acting as a ' passive conduit ' for students downloading music , " they wrote in 2007 .
" We agree .
Harvard and the 22 universities to which the RIAA has sent ' pre-litigation notices ' ought to take strong , direct action ... and tell the RIAA to take a hike . "
Those notices were an attempt by the RIAA to get schools involved in the litigation process .
Universities would , in theory , pass RIAA settlement letters on to students after being provided with an IP address suspected of illicit file - sharing .
The schools would be " doing their part , " while the recording industry got its missives delivered without needing to bother with courts and judges and subpoenas .
" Universities should have no part in this extraordinary process , " wrote Nesson and Palfrey .
" The RIAA 's charter is to promote the financial interests of its corporate members — even if that means preserving an obsolete business model for its members .
The university 's charter is quite different ...
The university strives to create knowledge , to open the minds of students to that knowledge , and to enable students to take best advantage of their educational opportunities .
The university has no legal obligation to deliver the RIAA 's messages .
It should do so only if it believes that 's consonant with the university 's mission . "
It was n't quite a declaration of war , but it did amount to an Army unit trotting out a massive howitzer , oiling it up , and firing off some test shots .
Powerful interests at Harvard Law were displeased enough by the RIAA actions to speak out , but they were n't yet ready to play an active role .
That is , until Boston University graduate student Joel Tenenbaum got in touch with Nesson in 2008 .
Nesson took the case , acting as Tenenbaum 's attorney , but he outsourced the work of research , strategy , and brief writing to a set of eager Harvard Law students .
The students would quickly mount an ambitious defense , not just of Joel Tenenbaum , but of the claim that the RIAA legal campaign was unconstitutionally excessive and improper .
Armed with a law library , Twitter , a Web site , and caffeine , the students have already made sure that the upcoming Tenenbaum trial will eclipse the Minnesota Jammie Thomas case for sheer spectacle .
And , if things go their way , the world will get the chance to see it all live on the Web .
Students defending students
Prof. Charles Nesson
Professor Nesson 's CyberOne course at Harvard gets students involved in hands - on legal issues .
In its Fall 2008 incarnation , one of the projects that Nesson approved was the defense of Joel Tenenbaum , who until that point had been pro se — that is , defending himself .
Joel 's mom was a lawyer , and she provided assistance , but Joel was in a bad way .
Up against the RIAA legal machine , his case had been filed in Massachusetts federal court and consolidated with a number of other cases .
The RIAA 's initial offer to settle , made way back in 2003 , was for $ 3,500 .
Joel offered $ 500 , which was declined .
After the case went to court in 2007 , the judge ordered the parties to settle and work it out between themselves .
Joel offered $ 5,000 .
The RIAA demanded $ 10,500 .
Joel declined , but the decision was a fraught with risk .
Unable to pay the thousands ( or tens of thousands ) of dollars for a lawyer who could fight the case well , he risked losing in court .
That could mean staggering judgments of " statutory damages " that have no necessary connection to any actual damages suffered by any actual group — perhaps as much as a million dollars for the seven songs at issue in the case ( he risks $ 150,000 in fines per infringement ) .
Judge Nancy Gertner , the federal judge overseeing the case , comes from the new generation of US judges : she knows her way around technology , writing her own blog and appearing on podcasts .
Gertner was ( and is ) facing numerous file - sharing cases , many of which are for large default judgments .
Judges , interested as they are in justice , do n't usually prefer to hand out big default judgments if they do n't need to ; they prefer to hear all sides of a story first .
In fact , Gertner has n't been shy about her opinion of the music industry 's litigation .
When Tenenbaum was explaining in one hearing that he did n't yet have a lawyer , Gertner eventually unleashed the following astonishing statement ( PDF ) :
I 've said this before in open court .
There is a huge imbalance in these cases .
The record companies are represented by large law firms with substantial resources .
The law is also overwhelmingly on their side .
They bring cases against individuals , individuals who do n't have lawyers and do n't have access to lawyers and who do n't understand their legal rights .
Some category of individuals are defaulted because they read the summons , and they have n't the foggiest idea what it means and do n't know where to go , so they 're defaulted , and they owe money anywhere from $ 3,000 to $ 10,000 as a result of these defaults ...
As I said , it does not make sense , however , to fight them alone .
It simply does n't make sense to fight them as an individual , per se , and to some degree you run the risk that the longer you litigate without really having a basis to do so , the longer you fight without having a basis to do so , the plaintiff 's legal fees go up and up .
I can't say this is a situation that is a good situation or a fair situation .
It is , however , the situation .
The judge then concluded by telling the RIAA lawyers that they were " basically bankrupting people , and it 's terribly critical that you stop it . "
She ordered Tenenbaum and the RIAA into an immediate settlement conference , but the music industry had already raised its fee ( spurred , it said , by the court costs it had incurred from all the hearings and motions ) beyond what Tenenbaum was willing to pay .
I can't say this is a situation that is a good
situation or a fair situation .
It is , however , the
situation .
Judge Gertner also promised to help Tenenbuam find a lawyer , and she put him in touch with Professor Nesson .
Nesson saw in the case an opportunity for to get his students involved directly in a hot - button federal case .
In the fall of 2008 , Nesson taught a course called CyberOne , which " has segued into a series of working groups positioned to work on the forefront of important issues central to cyberspace , especially issues of digital freedom , open online education , and restorative justice . "
Tenenbaum 's case was chosen as a course project , though it was n't the only one ; other students worked on legitimating poker " as a teaching tool , " another dealt with marijuana decriminalization , and third sought " to further restorative justice and reconstitution for the people of Jamaica through its support of constitutional reform . "
But the Tenenbaum case offered the most direct way for students to immerse themselves in an issue of tremendous importance to the " born digital " generation that they represent .
Nesson gave the students plenty of work , too ; though he is representing Tenenbaum as his attorney , it is the students who are doing the research , writing the briefs , and handling the public relations .
Nesson oversees the case like " a senior partner at a firm , " says Matt Sanchez , one of the student leaders on the project .
Barack Obama 's choice of former Congressman Leon Panetta to lead the CIA at least puts a grownup , if also an intelligence rookie , in that crucial job .
It also means that Mr. Panetta and Director of National Intelligence - designate Dennis Blair will soon have to decide if they want to join the left - wing crusade to purge their agencies of anyone who had anything to do with " torture . "
In particular , at their nomination hearings they 're likely to be asked to support a " truth commission " on the Bush Administration 's terrorist interrogation ...
Spaceflight Now +
Subscribe to Spaceflight Now Plus for access to our extensive video collections !
How do I sign up ?
Video archive
Carbon observatory
Preview of the Orbiting Carbon Observatory , NASA 's first spacecraft dedicated to mapping the global distribution of carbon dioxide .
Play
Expedition 19 crew
The Russian commander and two American astronauts to serve aboard the space station during the Expedition 19 mission hold this pre-flight news briefing .
Play
Delta 4 - Heavy launch
The Delta 4 - Heavy rocket launches a new intelligence - gathering satellite for the nation .
Full coverage
STS - 119 : Shuttle on pad
Shuttle Discovery rolls to pad 39A for its February launch to the space station .
Play
STS - 119 : The programs
In advance of shuttle Discovery 's STS - 119 mission to the station , managers from both programs discuss the flight .
Play
STS - 119 : The mission
A detailed preview of Discovery 's mission to deliver and activate the space station 's final power truss is provided in this briefing .
Play
STS - 119 : Spacewalks
Four spacewalks are planned during Discovery 's STS - 119 mission to the station .
Play
STS - 119 : The Crew
The Discovery astronauts , led by commander Lee Archambault , meet the press in the traditional pre-flight news conference .
Play
Station 's new toilet
Space station commander Mike Fincke shows the new U.S. toilet installed aboard the complex .
The astronauts are preparing the station for larger crews beginning in 2009 .
Play
Become a subscriber
More video
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
Asteroid sampler spacecraft heads back to planet Earth
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : February 5 , 2009
Credit : JAXA
Japan 's Hayabusa probe , potentially loaded with the first rock samples from an asteroid , fired up one of its ion engines Wednesday to begin the second phase of the explorer 's return voyage to Earth .
Hayabusa ignited a single ion engine at 0235 GMT Wednesday to begin pulsing for up to 8,000 hours to finish guiding the spacecraft toward Earth , according to the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency , or JAXA .
The spacecraft 's ion propulsion system has already completed than 31,000 hours of operations since its launch in 2003 .
The probe carries four ion engines , but engineers believe some of the devices are not capable of long - duration firings .
Officials designed a taxing return trajectory using a single engine to reduce the odds of a major failure .
Despite the hard work of several dozen engineers , Hayabusa still faces more hurdles before making its scheduled parachuted landing in Australia in June 2010 .
" We are not so optimistic , but not so pessimistic , " said Makoto Yoshikawa , Hayabusa project scientist .
Credit : JAXA
Officials said the ion engine must accelerate Hayabusa by nearly 900 mph by March 2010 , when engineers will turn off the machine to begin the probe 's final approach to Earth .
" If the current status of Hayabusa ( remains ) until the final stage , we are sure that it will come back to the Earth , " Yoshikawa said .
The spacecraft still has enough xenon gas to power the ion engine and control its orientation in space , according to JAXA .
" We are continuing to pay careful attention to our onboard equipment and are doing our utmost to operate the Hayabusa with the greatest care , " officials said in a statement .
The craft 's ion engines use microwave discharge to ionize xenon gas and accelerate the plasma to high speeds .
The highly - efficient engines produce little thrust , but the devices can operate for months to propel the spacecraft across the solar system using small amounts of fuel .
Hayabusa completed the first round of return trip ion engine operations in October 2007 after a burn lasting about four months .
The mission 's ground team refined operations plans since 2007 to increase the odds of Hayabusa 's successful return , according to Yoshikawa .
Scientists also devised methods to find Hayabusa 's entry capsule after landing and created plans to transport the sample canister from Australia to a specially - outfitted science lab in Japan , Yoshikawa said .
The science team is currently testing the mission 's curation facility and discussing how to analyze asteroid samples returned by Hayabusa .
But officials still are not sure if the 950 - pound probe is actually carrying the priceless samples .
Credit : JAXA
Hayabusa spent three months near asteroid Itokawa in late 2005 , studying the space rock and attempting a series of close approaches to collect bits of rock and dirt .
A pellet was supposed to be fired into the surface of Itokawa to force the rocks through a funnel to guide the precious samples into a container for the voyage back to Earth .
Those plans did not materialize in November 2005 and Hayabusa spent up to 30 minutes on the asteroid 's surface during a failed retrieval attempt .
Officials later reviewed telemetry data from a subsequent attempt and determined the pellet likely did not fire because the system was disarmed .
Scientists hope some particles were funneled into the collection chamber , even if the pellet did not fire as planned .
Engineers were forced to postpone the start of Hayabusa 's return trip by a year after the mission was struck by a fuel leak and communications problems .
Controllers labored to overcome the issues , which were compounded by the loss of two orientation - controlling reaction wheels and power cells in an electrical battery .
What leads kids from urban - suburban / indie music settings to get their SDS on and " take over " a cafeteria with a list of demands ?
Should we mock them , or pity them ?
Well , we should mock them , yes .
But we can acknowledge the important details : these poor kids mean well .
NYU should do a good half of the things in their hilariously wide - ranging list of demands .
And these rich dolts were all born into spiritually empty , culture - less , rootless early - 21st century American upper - middle class .
They can't help that .
Had things been a little different , they'd be the midwestern paralegal who writes Hipster Runoff .
But no , they went to college .
At NYU !
And once you realize your life is destructive and bad and You Are Part of the Problem ( forking over how much money to some prick like John Sexton so you can get a useless degree and spend a couple years fucking around with casual sex and cocaine ?
why not drop out and become a blogger ! ) , well , you either just keep studying sociology with the cute - but - socially maladjusted daughter of the guy from Warrant and bitch darkly about how much you hate these losers or you Rise Up .
So you attempt to assert control and make some positive change to what you know and can conceivably handle — and if you 're these kids , you do it like an asshole , with a nonsensical list of utopian goals that 'd make an ANSWR organizer blush .
( Gaza needs overhead projectors ! )
Anyone with any sense in their damn heads knows New York University is Not the Enemy , or at least not the enemy of Gaza and The Working Man .
It 's the enemy of New York , in a kinda blinkered nostalgic sense , but their demands , oddly , do not include " stop fucking with Washington Square and give back all your real estate to people who actually want to live here for serious and maybe re-open The Bottom Line . "
It is a ridiculous Ponzi scheme , the tuitions at NYU that rise to bizarre and unconscionable levels , the paltry financial aid , and the adjunct wage - slaves , but the costs rise due to demand and the demand in this case is that all you little idiot Trotskyites wanted to go to the same school as fucking Felicity .
( And hey , at least when New School kids have sit-ins they 're protesting an actual war criminal . )
And while student activism in decades past was at least defensible as going after one pillar of establishment power , academia in 2009 is just a finishing school for rich kids and a playground for people who'd really like to spend their professional careers wrestling with the least important but most dramatic office politics in the world , so they can someday net that $ 300 k salary and the reduced mortgage , only to get shit on by Politco and the rest of the world for making a living with their book - learnin ' elitism .
So our advice to these kids is to go have a fucking cigarette and then Drop Out .
Tell your parents to put the tuition money in a trust fund so you can continue living the life to which you were born accustomed as you volunteer to build some fucking houses somewhere , and then when that runs out why not get your degree at CUNY or something so you can sleep better at night .
Many young urban people see facial hairs as " so last century "
The famous beards and moustaches of India - seen as representing a huge tradition to the outside world - are under threat , a new book says .
It says that the country 's famous facial hairs are disappearing as India enters the clean - shaven digital age .
The book says that the traditional belief that facial hair is a sign of virility appears to be facing the chop .
It says that young people in particular do not want an itchy moustache or beard which they think makes them look old .
Designer stubble " Hair India - A Guide to the Bizarre Beards and Magnificent Moustaches of Hindustan " says that India 's extravagant beards and moustaches - proudly sported by generations of Indian men - are being trimmed as the country becomes more clean - shaven and urban .
Author Richard McCallum says that clean chins are becoming more commonplace among younger people who no longer have role models sporting beards or moustaches .
He points out that most well - known Indian cricket players no longer have facial hair , while many in Bollywood have opted instead for token designer stubble .
The handlebar moustache has been part of Indian culture Mr McCallum spent several months travelling the length and breadth of the country to find the bushiest beards and most magisterial moustaches before they disappeared forever .
" It was an idea that started out as a bit of fun but turned into a labour of love , " Mr McCallum , a British travel business operator , told the AFP news agency .
" Beards and moustaches tell the story of modern India - how it is becoming a more Westernised , homogenised place , but also how the great traditions and the love of display still exist .
" Male grooming is important to Indians , and facial hair proved a topic that took us to places and into conversations with people we would never have met otherwise . "
The book categorises beards according to bristle - design .
There is the " the chin strap " , " the soup strainer " , " the wing commander " and " the walrus " .
' Out of favour '
What is claimed to be the world 's longest beard , measuring 1.6 metres ( five ft ) and the world 's longest moustache also feature in the book .
But the emphasis is on ordinary stall - owners and rickshaw drivers displaying moustaches and beards that are cut , dyed , waxed and preened in various shapes and sizes .
" Some people were confused when we first told them why we wanted to take their picture , but they soon became very keen , " said photographer Chris Stowers .
While facial hair will always be proudly displayed by Sikhs , for whom " kesh " ( uncut hair ) is a religious principle , it seems that among sectors of society it is inexorably falling out of favour .
One of the few professions where it remains a mandatory requirement is among doormen of five - star hotels .
" Young people do n't want an itchy moustache or beard which they think makes them look old , " Lalan Singh , 40 , a restaurant doorman in Delhi's Connaught Place told AFP .
He is the proud owner of a handlebar moustache that took three years to grow .
He could be one of the last of his kind .
Are you in India ?
What do you think of the moustache tradition ?
Should it continue or is being clean - shaven the way of the future ?
Send us your comments using the form below .
In most cases a selection of your comments will be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
The following are a selection of your comments :
Before the 18th century , when the caste system was prevalent in India , only high caste men were allowed to keep moustaches .
Lower caste men were either clean shaven sported a beard .
During the period from 1850 to 1950 , men kept moustaches as a symbol of power and to display of their robust personality .
During the 1930s , Mahatma Gandhi's Swadeshi Movement against British rulers advised Indians to have beards so that imported shavers and blades could be stopped .
Today , it is true that the tradition of maintaining a moustache is fast disappearing .
Modern boys like to be clean shaven ( perhaps their girlfriends like it that way . )
By the way , I am 64 years old and have never shaved my moustache for the last 34 years .
VS Saxena , India
Our new generation of Bollywood heroes are sporting newer and newer styles of facial hair , and people go crazy imitating them .
the younger , non-traditional generation included .
In other movie hot spots , like the south , facial hair has always been a sign of masculinity , so there is no sign of the tradition wearing thin there .
I do n't think that we can say that will be clean cut any day soon .
Adi , India I would take the middle path .
Go for the clean shaven look in your youth ( 20 's - 30's ) , and when in the 40's grow it as long , thick and curly as you want .
Rahul , India I 'm an Immigration Officer , and it always amuses me when I check the passports of Indian nationals who are living in the UK .
Often , their old photographs include a moustache , but in person the men are clean shaven .
I 've asked several of them why they decided to shave it off , and they replied that since coming to the UK , they realised that moustaches are seen quite differently here to how they are in India !
Chris , UK
The article is great , but moustaches have nothing to do with tradition .
Even in yesteryears we have had famous personalities without moustaches .
It 's mostly to do with which part of India you come from .
Eighty percent of north Indians do n't have it and 80 % of south Indians have it .
I hail from South India and experiment with and without facial hair .
It 's true that moustaches make people look older , but it also makes them look more majestic .
Judson Daniel , United Kingdom
I am 25 years old , and have had a traditional Indian moustache since the age of 18 .
It is a big part of my identity , and although I am the only one of my friends and family to have a moustache , I am very proud of it .
Every time it itches , I remember that I am Indian .
Guptha Boothal , Delhi , India
In India and in many other societies , it has always been and shall always be a belief that beards and moustaches are the sign of manhood .
So far as Sikhs are concerned , of course to have uncut beards and moustaches are part of their non-negotiating principles - after all a Sikh in his proper form looks very elegant and is very well respected .
Whatever new trend India may face , it is only a temporary phase and it shall pass away .
Most ladies in their heart would prefer to be with men with their beards and moustaches .
Punita Gaekwad , Canada I am from India and 28 years old .
My father never allowed me to shave my moustache , and he kept a close track of my moustache through video chatting everyday .
I shaved moustache for the first time in my life this Christmas .
This was partly due to the peer pressure because I had a feeling that Europeans , especially girls , tend not to mix with you if you have moustache .
And partly it was a mini rebellion against my father 's irrational demands .
Pranesh Bhargava , the Netherlands Personally I have always associated beards with uncleanliness , laziness and people that do not take care of themselves .
To be clean shaven on the other hand signifies good grooming and a good well education someone who can afford a shaving stick .
I do n't mean to be disrespectful , but these days some people associate beards with al - Qaeda and the Taleban .
Aisha , London
The moustache tradition is almost lost in north India .
But in south India , the tradition remains although it seems to be in danger .
I personally feel that the moustache tradition has to be continued .
It is an important symbol of Indian culture and is a sign of bravery .
Samuel Alexander , India Being a proud moustache - wearer myself , I do not think that being clean - shaven is necessarily better .
The ever - popular " three - day " beard , or " designer stubble " , which became popular in the 80s , is ridiculous ; a man looks relaxed , yes , but unkempt too .
I hope that facial hair styles will continue to reflect diversity , something which they did in the 19th century too ( just look at any number of photos of famous 19th century men - there is a fairly even division between clean - shaven ones and those with a beard or moustache .
D Fear , Germany I am a 31 - year - old Indian male currently residing in the UK having recently completed a Masters Degree .
I have not been sporting a moustache for the last six years now , though I do still believe it makes one look more manly .
I plan to grow back my moustache after I get married and have kids .
The handlebar moustache is normally reserved for military types and is still quite popular in India .
The general masses though normally have trim Tom - Selleck - style moustache .
I do n't think facial hair will completely fall out of favour in India .
I think that , like me , Indian men may prefer to stay clean - shaven until they get a bit older .
Srikumar Viswanathan , Croydon , UK Name
Your E-mail address
Country
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Click here to return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sell Your Property Fast in Days !
Do you want to sell property fast for a quick sale ?
Ca n’t wait for the property to be advertised for long periods of time in the current slow property market ?
If you are in an urgent need to sell a house quickly then contact us on 0161 877 4142 and we will buy your house quickly .
We are a network of cash house buyers , specialising in the purchase of properties quick .
There are many benefits in selling a house quickly for cash , the biggest one being that you have the peace of mind of knowing when your home will be sold and when your money will be available to you .
Having the benefit of a definite sale will help you plan you life in accordance with the guaranteed house sale .
Selling to us will mean that you will no longer need to live on a mere hope of a sale , instead you will have a guaranteed fast sale and you can release the cash from your property within days !
If you need to sell a house quickly then contact us on 0161 877 4142 for an instant cash offer .
There are no fees to pay and we even pay your legal costs ( up to £ 500 ) to make the sale easier .
We buy houses nationwide and focus on helping people achieve a quick property sale .
Selling to us offers many benefits , including some of the below :
Sale of you property in a short period of time – House sale achieved in days !
– House sale achieved in days !
No commissions to pay –
We do not charge you a penny in commission for a home sale
– We do not charge you a penny in commission for a home sale
No solicitor fee – We will even pay for your solicitor fees up to £ 500
– We will even pay for your solicitor fees up to £ 500 Rent back option – We offer you the option to get a house sold within your preferred time scale .
– We offer you the option to get a house sold within your preferred time scale .
Sell property in any condition –
We buy property in most conditions which means that you do not need to worry about the presentation of your property .
– We buy property in most conditions which means that you do not need to worry about the presentation of your property .
We buy all over the UK - we buy properties across the UK .
Whether you are looking to stop repossession or wanting to sell due to a divorce , ill health , family bereavement , relocation , clearing debts or simply selling your property due to a broken chain , call 0161 877 4142 for a fast sale .
Call us on 0161 877 4142 to discuss your circumstances and we will be happy to start the purchasing process .
We usually give an instant provisional offer to get the process started .
Give us a call to get a property sale started quickly .
Vancouver ’s three Liberal MPs — all political veterans — have been shut out of Leader Michael Ignatieff ’s shadow cabinet .
Yesterday , Ignatieff announced what a party news release described as a “ streamlined roster of critics ” .
Vancouver South Liberal MP Ujjal Dosanjh , Vancouver Centre MP Hedy Fry , and Vancouver Quadra MP Joyce Murray were not given any critic positions .
From April 30 to May 3 , federal Liberals will hold a convention in Vancouver to ratify Ignatieff 's leadership .
Dosanjh and Fry are both left - leaning Liberals who supported Bob Rae in the 2006 Liberal leadership race .
They threw their support behind Stephane Dion after the third ballot , helping to deny Ignatieff the party leadership .
Murray has made climate change her central issue , and was a strong supporter of Dion , who was also left out of the shadow cabinet .
Dosanjh is a former B.C. premier and attorney general , and served as a cabinet minister in the Paul Martin government .
Fry , a former president of the B.C. Medical Association , has held Vancouver Centre since 1993 , and was in the cabinet of the Jean Chretien government .
Murray is a former cabinet minister in Gordon Campbell ’s B.C. Liberal government .
The only Metro Vancouver federal Liberal appointed to the shadow cabinet is Newton - North Delta MP Sukh Dhaliwal , who became the critic for Western Economic Development and the Asia - Pacific Gateway .
Dhaliwal , who has no cabinet experience , supported Joe Volpe in the 2006 Liberal leadership race , and later threw his support behind Ignatieff .
Ignatieff has appointed himself as the intergovernmental affairs critic .
Rae retains his position as foreign affairs critic .
John McCallum , an Ignatieff supporter , remains the Liberal finance critic .
Remember the atheist bus ad that was put up by the New Orleans Secular Humanist Association ?
Well , there ’s now a Christian response ad to it — similar to the ones put up in Britain :
It reads “ There definitely is a God .
So join the Christian Party and enjoy your life . ”
But what ’s that writing underneath ?
Can anyone even read it ?
( It ’s supposed to be on a moving streetcar , right ? )
Thankfully , reader
Doug let me know what it says :
Text AMEN to 96527 to subscribe to the Christian Party News Alert Service and become a registered supporter of the Christian Party .
Registration by text costs $ 9.99 per month + standard charges .
Maximum 3 messages per week .
Text HELP for help .
Text STOP for stop .
That ’s what we like to call “ classy ” …
I ’m not suggesting the atheist ads ( in New Orleans and elsewhere ) are n’t intended to raise a bit of revenue , but it ’s the wording itself that is the focus of our ads , without any plea for donations .
The atheists do n’t have fine print for people to read .
It ’s all right there for everyone to see .
It ’s not a huge deal , but I think we have the upper hand here .
( Christian ad pic courtesy of J. Michael Malec — Copyright 2009 . )
$ 10 Million Lottery Ticket Man's Parting Gift to Wife ( Photo )
purchased a lottery ticket on November 1 , 2008 , in Danbury , Connecticut .
The act was a ritual that he had undertaken faithfully for 20 years .
Peters bought 10 weeks worth of tickets at a time from the 7 - Eleven Convenience Store located at 29 Mill Plain Road , and then put them away for safekeeping , checking the appropriate one out after each drawing .
The 79 year old suffered a fatal heart attack while working in his yard without ever knowing that his ticket for the December 2 drawing would win a $ 10,022,823 lottery jackpot .
Some might even suggest that he had some influence from the other side of the grave .
Peters widow , Charlotte Peters , in her grief , had set the tickets aside and only recently decided to see if she had any winners among the forgotten slips .
She said , " I was in the grocery store and I had it checked and they told me I was a winner .
I had no idea how much it was . "
Charlotte visited the Connecticut Lottery headquarters in Rocky Hill on Friday .
Peters first words to lottery officials were , " It 's certainly more than the $ 2 I 'm used to winning . "
The winning numbers were 02-07-09-27-33 .
Peters has 60 days to decided whether she wants to take a lump - sum payment of $ 6,048,077 before taxes or take the full amount in yearly payment of $ 477,300 stretching over 21 years .
When the 78 year old was asked what she planned to do with the money , she said , " I 've always wanted a Corvette . "
In the next breath she said she thought she 'd stick with her old car .
" I 'm going to go home and sit and think . "
The Danbury 7 - Eleven store will receive a $ 10,000 bonus from the Connecticut Lottery .
Earlier this morning I was reading a number of comments in response to a submission on reddit.com where I found out that despite being a regular visitor to the site there were multiple useful features I was completely unaware of .
Here 's a list of features I discovered the site has that I had n't noticed even though I visit it multiple times a day
These are all clearly useful features .
In fact , some of them are features I 'd have lobbied for if ever asked what features I 'd like to see added to reddit even though they already existed .
Considering that I 'm a fairly savvy Web user and visit the site multiple times a day , it is problematic that I 'm unaware of valuable features of the site which were the result of valuable effort from the developers at reddit .
This is a very commonplace occurrence in software development .
As applications add features without wanting to clutter the interface , they begin to " hide " these features until it gets to the point where their users end up clamoring or pining for features that actually already exist in the application .
A famous example of this comes from Jensen Harris ' series of posts on the UI changes in Office 2007 .
There is rather informative post entitled New Rectangles to the Rescue ?
( Why the UI , Part 4 ) which contains the following excerpt
Contrary to the conventional wisdom of the naysayers , we were n't ( and are n't ) " out of ideas " for Office .
Customers were n't telling us that they did n't need new features -- to the contrary , the list of requests is a mile long .
Every version we were putting our heart and soul into developing these new features , undergoing a rigorous process to determine which of the many areas we would invest in during a release , and then working hard to design , test , and ship those features .
The only problem was that people were n't finding the very features they asked us to add .
To address the issue above , the Office team effectively dedicated a release to making their existing features discoverable1 .
This is n't the only example of a popular application dedicating a release to making features more discoverable instead of adding new features .
The Facebook redesign of last year is another famous example of this which has lead to increased usage of the site .
A recent TechCrunch article , Facebook Photos Pulls Away From
The Pack shows the effect of the redesign on the usage of the site
...
What accounts for Facebook ’s advantage in the photo department ?
The biggest factor is simply that it is the default photo feature of the largest social network in the world .
And of all the viral loops that Facebook benefits from , its Photos app might have the largest viral loop of all built into it .
Whenever one of your friends tags a photo with your name , you get an email .
This single feature turns a solitary chore — tagging and organizing photos — into a powerful form of communication that connects people through activities they ’ve done in the past in an immediate , visual way .
I would not be surprised if people click back through to Facebook from those photo notifications at a higher rate than from any other notification , including private messages .
But the tagging feature has been part of Facebook Photos for a long time .
What happened in September to accelerate growth ?
That is when a Facebook redesign went into effect which added a Photos tab on everyone ’s personal homepage .
The lesson here is that having a feature is n't enough , making sure your users can easily find and use the feature is just as important .
In addition , sometimes the best thing to do for your product is n't to add new features but to make sure the existing features are giving users the best experience .
When you do find out that usage of a feature is low given it 's usefulness and relevance to your user base , this is a good time to invest in an experimentation platform where you can perform A/B testing ( aka split testing ) and multivariate testing .
There are a number of off - the - shelf tools for performing such experiments which enable you to test and validate potential redesigns today without unleashing potentially negatively impacting changes to your entire user base .
1I believe the Office team shipped lots of new features as well in Office 2007 , however the biggest change from an end user 's perspective was the redesign not new features .
Now Playing : Metallica - Harvester of Sorrow
At the Stamp Lecture , London School of Economics , London , England , Bernanke Urges ‘ Strong Measures ’ to Stabilize Banks
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke warned that a fiscal stimulus wo n’t be enough to spur an economic recovery and that the government may need to buy or guarantee banks ’ tainted assets to revive growth .
“ Fiscal actions are unlikely to promote a lasting recovery unless they are accompanied by strong measures to further stabilize and strengthen the financial system , ” Bernanke said in a speech today at the London School of Economics .
“ More capital injections and guarantees may become necessary to ensure stability and the normalization of credit markets . ”
My Translation :
The Fed chairman recommended three approaches on troubled assets .
Public purchases of the bad assets are one possibility , as was originally planned under U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson ’s Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP .
The government could also agree to absorb , in exchange for warrants or a fee , part of the losses on a specified portfolio of troubled assets , he said .
Regulators used that method recently with their bailout of Citigroup Inc .
Another measure “ would be to set up and capitalize so- called bad banks , which would purchase assets from financial institutions in exchange for cash and equity in the bad banks , ” he said .
My Translation :
Speaking separately today , Fed Vice Chairman Donald Kohn urged using the second half of the $ 700 billion TARP to reduce foreclosures , help revive credit markets and continue direct aid to banks .
“ Although a number of efforts are under way to address the problem of preventable foreclosures , more needs to be done , ” Kohn said in testimony prepared for a House Financial Services Committee hearing .
My Translation :
The Fed chairman said the favorable treatment that financial institutions are receiving from the government is “ unavoidable ” because the economy needs credit to grow .
Still , aid should be accompanied by stronger supervision and regulation , he said .
My Translation :
“ Financial firms of any type whose failure would pose a systemic risk must accept especially close regulatory scrutiny of their risk - taking , ” he said .
“ It is unacceptable that large firms that the government is now compelled to support to preserve financial stability were among the greatest risk - takers during the boom period . ”
Bernanke reiterated his call for a regulatory procedure for resolving a large , failing nonbank institution .
The absence of such a process hampered policy makers during the failures of Bear Stearns Cos. and Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. last year .
My Translation :
We 're All Banks Now
The Crisis and the Policy Response
For almost a year and a half the global financial system has been under extraordinary stress -- stress that has now decisively spilled over to the global economy more broadly .
Although the subprime debacle triggered the crisis , the developments in the U.S. mortgage market were only one aspect of a much larger and more encompassing credit boom whose impact transcended the mortgage market to affect many other forms of credit .
Aspects of this broader credit boom included widespread declines in underwriting standards , breakdowns in lending oversight by investors and rating agencies , increased reliance on complex and opaque credit instruments that proved fragile under stress , and unusually low compensation for risk - taking .
My Translation :
The global economy will recover , but the timing and strength of the recovery are highly uncertain .
Government policy responses around the world will be critical determinants of the speed and vigor of the recovery .
My Translation :
The Committee 's aggressive monetary easing was not without risks .
During the early phase of rate reductions , some observers expressed concern that these policy actions would stoke inflation .
These concerns intensified as inflation reached high levels in mid-2008 , mostly reflecting a surge in the prices of oil and other commodities .
However , the Committee also maintained the view that the rapid rise in commodity prices in 2008 primarily reflected sharply increased demand for raw materials in emerging market economies , in combination with constraints on the supply of these materials , rather than general inflationary pressures .
As you know , commodity prices peaked during the summer and , rather than leveling out , have actually fallen dramatically with the weakening in global economic activity .
As a consequence , overall inflation has already declined significantly and appears likely to moderate further .
My Translation :
Beyond the Federal Funds Rate : The Fed's Policy Toolkit
Although the federal funds rate is now close to zero , the Federal Reserve retains a number of policy tools that can be deployed against the crisis .
One important tool is policy communication .
Even if the overnight rate is close to zero , the Committee should be able to influence longer - term interest rates by informing the public 's expectations about the future course of monetary policy .
My Translation :
To illustrate , in its statement after its December meeting , the Committee expressed the view that economic conditions are likely to warrant an unusually low federal funds rate for some time .
2
To the extent that such statements cause the public to lengthen the horizon over which they expect short - term rates to be held at very low levels , they will exert downward pressure on longer - term rates , stimulating aggregate demand .
It is important , however , that statements of this sort be expressed in conditional fashion -- that is , that they link policy expectations to the evolving economic outlook .
If the public were to perceive a statement about future policy to be unconditional , then long - term rates might fail to respond in the desired fashion should the economic outlook change materially .
My Comment
Exit Strategy
Some observers have expressed the concern that , by expanding its balance sheet , the Federal Reserve is effectively printing money , an action that will ultimately be inflationary .
The Fed 's lending activities have indeed resulted in a large increase in the excess reserves held by banks .
Bank reserves , together with currency , make up the narrowest definition of money , the monetary base ; as you would expect , this measure of money has risen significantly as the Fed 's balance sheet has expanded .
However , banks are choosing to leave the great bulk of their excess reserves idle , in most cases on deposit with the Fed .
Consequently , the rates of growth of broader monetary aggregates , such as M1 and M2 , have been much lower than that of the monetary base .
At this point , with global economic activity weak and commodity prices at low levels , we see little risk of inflation in the near term ; indeed , we expect inflation to continue to moderate .
My Translation :
The management of the Federal Reserve 's balance sheet and the conduct of monetary policy in the future will be made easier by the recent congressional action to give the Fed the authority to pay interest on bank reserves .
In principle , the interest rate the Fed pays on bank reserves should set a floor on the overnight interest rate , as banks should be unwilling to lend reserves at a rate lower than they can receive from the Fed .
In practice , the federal funds rate has fallen somewhat below the interest rate on reserves in recent months , reflecting the very high volume of excess reserves , the inexperience of banks with the new regime , and other factors .
However , as excess reserves decline , financial conditions normalize , and banks adapt to the new regime , we expect the interest rate paid on reserves to become an effective instrument for controlling the federal funds rate .
My Translation :
50 Ways To Beat Deflation
“ For the record , have you ever used steroids , human growth hormone or any other performance - enhancing substance ? ” Couric asked .
“ No , ” he said .
Rodriguez told Couric he never felt tempted to use the substances .
“ I ’ve never felt overmatched on the baseball field , ” he said .
“ And I felt that if I did my work as I ’ve done since I was , you know , a rookie back in Seattle , I did n’t have a problem competing at any level . ”
SI.com said that Rodriguez had tested positive for the anabolic steroid Primobolan , whose chemical name is methenolone .
That is the substance that prosecutors in the Bonds case say was present in tests that they contend Balco privately conducted for Bonds in 2000 and 2001 .
Whether those tests will be admitted as evidence in the Bonds trial is unclear .
It was Bonds , more than anyone , who prompted the 2004 raid by federal agents that eventually led to the seizure of Bonds ’s result , and Rodriguez’s .
The United States Attorney ’s Office in the Northern District of California was seeking to verify whether Bonds and the nine other baseball players who had testified before the Balco grand jury in San Francisco in 2003 had been truthful about their use , or nonuse , of performance - enhancing drugs .
At first , the government simply asked baseball for the results of the 2003 tests .
The players union objected .
It had agreed to the 2003 tests with the understanding they would be used as a survey ; if more than 5 percent of the results were positive , testing with penalties would begin the next year , which is what occurred .
But the union did not want to see the anonymity of the tests violated .
In the end , the agents secured search warrants to seize the tests of the 10 Balco players but then were able to go further , seizing more than 100 positive urine samples in raids on two laboratories .
Bonds ’s sample had actually tested negative , but authorities later had it retested at a different laboratory , and the positive results from that test may also end up as evidence in his trial .
In the first round of a new chapter in the music royalties debate , the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee has proposed a fresh bill that would excise language in US law exempting terrestrial radio stations from paying royalties .
In one of his first major moves since abolishing the House Subcommittee in charge of Internet and intellectual property - related issues , Rep. John Conyers ( D - Mich . ) today introduced fresh legislation that would close the books on a key exemption in place ever since the formation of the radio industry in the 1920s : the exemption enjoyed by radio stations from paying royalties for performances of a musical work .
Terrestrial stations in the US have always paid copyright holders ' royalties , and historically it 's been for a negotiated upon annual amount , set with the cooperation of bargaining agents that collect royalties on behalf of rights holders .
But performers have never seen a dime from airplay ; in fact , during the scandalous 1960s , record labels were accused of , and often found to have been , paying radio stations for airplay -- the famous " payola " affair .
Advertisement
But with Internet radio fast becoming a fixture of American life , and with streamers accountable for both rights holders ' and performers ' royalties , some in Congress are working to assemble some sort of parity .
Opinions on this matter are not at all split along party lines ; in fact , the person who would have chaired the committee Rep.
Conyers eliminated , Rep. Rick Boucher ( D - Va. ) , may very well have opposed this legislation .
A very early draft of HR 848 received Wednesday afternoon by Betanews reveals the main clause of Conyers ' bill would simply remove the exemption paragraphs .
That clause is entitled , " Inclusion of Terrestrial Broadcasts in Existing Performance Right . "
The bill does not stipulate how much stations would pay , with a few exceptions : Commercial stations whose gross revenues are less than $ 1.25 million per year may pay a minimum annual fee of $ 5,000 , and public broadcasters may pay only $ 1,000 .
And a very curious clause in this early draft addresses a matter raised two weeks ago , when the Copyright Royalty Board accepted a revenue - based rights holders ' royalties scheme for Internet broadcasters .
At that time , the CRB judges opted to allow streamers to reduce the amount of royalties paid to rights holders by the amount they pay to performers .
The move by judges may have been a key concession to streamers who had argued that , although the collection agencies for performers ' and rights holders ' royalties are different , the collections end up going to the same resource in the end : the record labels .
Conyers ' bill would expressly prohibit any kind of converse reasoning to be applied in the case of rights ' holders assessments , stating specifically that rates established by the CRB may not " be cited , taken into account , or otherwise used in any administrative , judicial , or other governmental forum or proceeding , or otherwise , to reduce or adversely affect the license fees payable to copyright holders of musical works or their representatives for the public performance of their works by terrestrial broadcast stations . "
As if on cue , National Association of Broadcasters President and CEO David Rehr sent a public letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi in opposition to Conyers ' bill .
Its language should be very familiar by now :
" Local radio broadcasters consider this fee a ' performance tax ' that will not only harm your local radio stations , but will threaten new artists trying to break into the business as well as your constituents who rely on local radio , " Rehr wrote Speaker Pelosi .
" Although the proponents of H.R. 848 claim this bill is about compensating artists , in actuality at least half of this fee will go directly into the pockets of the big record labels , funneling billions of dollars to companies based overseas . "
Later , Free Radio Alliance spokesperson Cathy Rought reminded the public of the history of similar legislation in previous Congresses .
" Congressman Conyers ' re-introduction of a performance tax bill on local radio is disappointing , especially since the bill does n't reflect the views of the majority of his colleagues , " stated Rought .
" Last year , the more than 226 members of Congress stood with local radio in opposing any measure that would tax local radio to benefit the big , foreign - owned labels .
Especially in the dire economic times we all face , any measure which will threaten the family - supporting jobs of more than 125,000 people employed by radio , the more than $ 6 billion in local community support of non-profit and service organizations , and the ability to introduce more diversity in station ownership is a short - sighted approach and bad public policy . "
The performance rights organization SoundExchange , which collects royalties on behalf of performers , had not yet issued a comment Wednesday afternoon .
A FLURRY of letters between the British Foreign Office and the US State Department has revealed that Washington did threaten to withdraw intelligence - sharing with Britain if documents related to the alleged torture of a British terrorism detainee in Guantanamo Bay were made public .
The High Court in London said on Wednesday the Foreign Office had refused to allow the torture documents to be revealed because of a " threat " from Washington to stop sharing intelligence with Britain .
Close but not too close : British Foreign Secretary David Miliband met US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton earlier this week .
Credit: AFP
The US warning , related to the case of British detainee Binyam Mohamed , was promptly denied by British Foreign Secretary David Miliband , who insisted that there had been no threat from the US to " break off intelligence co-operation " .
But on Thursday night British broadcaster Channel 4 revealed that a letter dated August 21 , 2008 , from the US State Department , stated the consequences if a British court published American documents on the capture and interrogation of Mohamed .
Stupidly complicated sci-fi MMO EVE
Online is experiencing its very own financial crisis this week after a player ran of with ISK 80 billion .
The player in question , who goes by the name of Xabier , had been employed as an investments manager by player - run Dynasty Banking .
His job gave him access to funds invested in the bank by other players .
As reported by Massively.com , Xabier has admitted to running off with ISK 86 billion worth of assets .
The bank 's chairman , Manalapan , has issued a statement trying to clear things up .
" I would like to point out that it is still not known for certain whether Xabier has , for lack of a better word , scammed , " said Manalapan .
" What we DO know is that he has missed a dividend payment on a personal bond . "
Oh .
" And his bio now states , ' Thanks for all the fish . ' "
Ah .
Manalapan went on to promise investors that Dynasty Banking will cover the cost of any misdemeanours .
" We assure you that we have enough ISK in reserves and , if the situation arises , assets to cover this loss and continue moving forward for the future . "
Another player - run firm , EBANK , has offered to help out if things get really tough .
" From what I have seen after talking to Manalapan it 's quite likely EBANK wo n't need to assist at all but it can't hurt to have that extra backup just in case , " said managing director Ricdic .
Rights lawyers have been hoping that courts would extend those rulings to allow long - term detainees being held at United States military bases elsewhere in the world to sue for release , too .
There are about 600 detainees at Bagram and several thousand in Iraq .
Jack Balkin , a Yale Law School professor , said it was too early to tell what the Obama administration would end up doing with the detainees at Bagram .
He said some observers believed that the Obama team would end up making a major change in policy but simply needed more time to come up with it , while others believed that the administration had decided “ to err on the side of doing things more like the Bush administration did , as opposed to really rethinking and reorienting everything ” about the detention policies it inherited because it had too many other problems to deal with .
“ It may take some time before we see exactly what is going on  whether this is just a transitory policy or whether this is really their policy : ‘ No to Guantánamo , but we can just create Guantánamo in some other place , ’ ” Mr. Balkin said .
After becoming president last month , Mr. Obama issued orders requiring strict adherence to antitorture rules and shuttering the Guantánamo prison within a year .
He also ordered a review of whether conditions there meet the standards of humane treatment required by the Geneva Conventions , and a review of what could be done with each of the 245 detainees who remain at the prison .
On Friday , government officials said that a Pentagon official had completed the Guantánamo report , concluding that the site complies with the Geneva Conventions ’ requirements for humane treatment  including procedures for force - feeding prisoners on hunger strike by strapping them down and inserting a nasal tube , a practice prisoners ’ lawyers have denounced .
The report does recommend that some prisoners be given greater human contact , however .
My preoccupation with HIV / AIDS began as a purely intellectual pursuit , trying to make sense of contradictory accounts , and becoming hooked as I gathered HIV - test data that seemed to point inescapably toward the conclusion that “ HIV ” did n’t cause an epidemic and was not the cause of AIDS .
But after my book was published , and increasingly since I began this blog , I ’ve glimpsed the many human tragedies for which this monstrous mistake has been responsible .
Careers of people who testified to the mistake have been wrecked ; an unknown number of parents have been forced to feed their babies poisonous substances that hurt and harmed them ; an unknown number of relationships have been broken needlessly ; on and on .
Recently my Google Alert brought in a single day several stories that illustrate the range of damage that the wrong theory of HIV / AIDS has wrought .
Circumcision :
It ’s become a shibboleth among HIV / AIDS “ activists ” and journalists that circumcision reduces the risk of contracting “ HIV ” by something like 60 % .
That ’s in the face of many studies to the contrary , including from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention [ Rwanda : circumcise all men— even if it means more HIV infection , 3 February 2008 ] : “ Unhygienic Circumcision ‘ Increases Risk of Hiv ’ ” ( SciDev. Net , London , 28 February 2007 ) ; “ PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has trashed claims that circumcised men are less prone to HIV / Aids infection .
. . .
“ Why are Muslims and Bagisu dying ?
Who beats the Bagisu when it comes to circumcising men ? ” . . .
Among the Bagisu , a tribe in eastern Uganda , every male , between adolescence and manhood , must be circumcised ” ; “ Circumcised male and female virgins were substantially more likely to be HIV infected than uncircumcised virgins ” ; “ Circumcision does not affect HIV in US men ” .
And still the shibboleth is promulgated : “ Adopt male circumcision as anti-HIV strategy ” ( by Sam Anguria , 6 January 2009 , on The New Vision — Uganda ’s Leading Website ; “ The writer an
HIV / AIDS specialist ” ) : “ male circumcision should be fully rolled out in Uganda . . . .
Leaders should themselves embrace male circumcision and circumcise their male children . ”
It ’s not as though circumcision of adults were a trivial matter ; let alone in much of Africa , which is where the HIV / AIDS dogmatists advocate it
Stigma :
A rather astonishingly stark self - contradiction in HIV / AIDS matters is the plaintive appeal not to stigmatize HIV - positive people — at the same time as it ’s insisted that “ HIV ” is contracted by careless , unsafe sexual behavior , the risk of “ infection ” being small unless there is a high level of promiscuity , adultery , and anal intercourse — all of them practices that most societies have stigmatized long before AIDS .
“ KENYA : Unease over new HIV transmission law . . .
NAIROBI , 12 December 2008 ( PlusNews ) —
In June 2006 , a young woman in western Kenya died of HIV - related complications and left a list of about 100 people that she said she had infected with HIV .
A new law , approved by the Kenyan president but yet to be implemented , is hoping to prevent willful transmission .
The HIV and AIDS Prevention and Control Act 2006 has drawn mixed and very sharp reactions .
Inviolata Mbwavi , an AIDS activist who went public about her status in 1994 , warned that the legislation in its current form appeared to label HIV - infected people as dangerous human beings with whom people should not associate .
‘ When you criminalise HIV then we are going back to square [ one ] of trying to stigmatise the virus even more , yet we have not effectively dealt with the stigma associated with HIV .
Why do we want to further burden those who are already burdened by coming up with HIV - specific legislation ?’ . . . .
‘ We know that the majority of those who know their status are women .
What we are doing by passing such a law is therefore to condemn people we are claiming to protect to jail . ’
The new legislation has also brought into question the responsibility of HIV - negative people .
‘ What we are proposing in the law only touches those already [ HIV ] - positive .
We should also look at the responsibility of those who do not have the virus ’ . . . . ”
And so on and so forth .
When a wrong theory gains acceptance , conundrums and contradictions and mutually impossible things also have to be swallowed whole .
Well - intentioned do - gooder harm :
Kaiser Daily HIV / AIDS Report [ 6 January 2009 ]
Global Challenges
“ IRIN / PlusNews on Friday profiled a commune operated by HIV advocate Paul Ari designed for HIV - positive people who have experienced stigma and discrimination near Mount Hagen , the capital of Papua . . . . people are able to stay at the commune for as long as they need , and relatives are encouraged to visit to help fight stigma related to the virus ” .
Clearly , the way to combat stigma directed at HIV - positive people is to have separate places for them , just as long ago we fought the stigma against lepers by providing them with separate accommodations .
Homosexuality :
Gay men — together with hemophiliacs and people of African ancestry and pregnant women and babies — are among those most harmed by the invention and application of the fallacious “ HIV ” test .
For whatever reason , gay men tend to test “ HIV - positive ” with a rather high probability even when they are perfectly healthy and remain so ( as of the present date , for upwards of two decades ) .
So gay men are among those most threatened by the urging that “ HIV - positive ” people accept antiretroviral treatment , and “ HIV ” has delivered yet another arrow for the quiver of the confirmed homophobes and homophobic groups :
“ HIV being spread mainly through homosexual relations in Spain ” ( Catholic News Agency , Madrid , 6 January 2009 )
“ The Anti-AIDS Independent Committee in Spain has called for behavioral changes among homosexuals in order to reduce the spread of HIV / AIDS , as 2007 data confirms that the disease is more prevalent in the homosexual population .
. . .
The organization criticized government campaigns that promote condom use , ‘ with a message aimed indiscriminately at the population in general and young people in particular , as if everyone were equally at risk , regardless of their habits .’ . . . the ‘ disproportionately high rate of infections can only be explained by much higher promiscuity and a higher risk of homosexual contact . ’”
African ancestry :
When panic erupted in a St. Louis school over possible “ HIV ” infections , I wrote , “ What we know from the demographics of ‘ HIV - positive ’ in the United States is that an individual may test positive after being vaccinated against flu , or taking an anti-tetanus shot , or having TB , or for a large number of other reasons having nothing to do with a life - threatening sexually transmitted virus . . . .
We also know that the probability of testing positive for any of those reasons is far greater for people of African ancestry than others ; black females in particular are typically 20 times as likely to test positive under one of those numerous conditions .
We also know that in the lower teenage years , females are more likely to test positive than males . . . .
Those facts cause me to dread the further ‘ news ’ and rumors that will be leaking out from those ignorant , panicked , ‘ everything is normal ’ , school administrators and health officials in St. Louis . ”
And , sure enough , it turned out that 99 % of the students in that school are black .
Men of African ancestry have been charged with or convicted of having sex while “ HIV - positive ” in Australia , in Canada , in the United States .
In the United States , the average “ prevalence of ‘ HIV ’ ” is about 0.6 % .
African Americans are between 7 and 21 times as likely to test “ HIV - positive ” compared to others , so the average prevalence among African Americans is about 8 % .
Another demographic fact is that the likelihood of testing positive is greatest at ages in the late thirties to mid-forties .
So African Americans in middle age have a chance ≥ 10 % of testing “ HIV - positive ” under such circumstances as having recently been vaccinated or being exposed to some minor health challenge .
It struck me as particularly sad that “ HIV ” should be mentioned in the case of an African American pastor charged with sexual abuse :
“ Police : Pastor Charged With Sexual Abuse Has HIV — James Bell Faces Sexual Abuse , Sodomy Charges ” ( by Stephanie Segretto , WLKY Louisville , 5 January 2009 )
“ SHELBYVILLE , Ky. —
More information about the arrest of a Shelbyville pastor charged with sexual abuse has become public , including his HIV status .
. . .
For those who knew Bell , they said it ’s hard to imagine he would be facing charges for anything , especially this .
. . . neighbors said they will have several people on their minds —
Bell ’s wife and his three children [ emphasis added ] ”
That “ HIV status ” will make it seem to most people ever so much worse than the far - from - uncommon sexual lapses of ministers and priests , or the actions of the many men who have sex with young teenagers .
Of course , Bell really behaved irresponsibly in having sex with a 15 - year - old .
On the other hand , he himself was the one who first reported the fact .
And he would be far from the only African American clergyman to be confounded by the news that he is “ HIV - positive ” , knowing that he was never at risk of contracting a sexually transmitted disease :
“ An increasing number of Africans who find themselves HIV - positive are taken aback , knowing that they have never behaved in a pertinently risky fashion , like the Rev. Gibson Mwadime , 53 , an Anglican vicar in southern Kenya ( Sanders 2006a ) : ‘ I thought AIDS was for prostitutes and truck drivers , ’ [ he ] said … learning about his diagnosis in 2001 was like a slap from God , spurring feelings of betrayal and anger .
‘ I lived a faithful life and my wife lived a faithful life , ’ he recalled praying .
‘ And then you bring this sinful disease upon us ? ’
Like most of the clergymen , Mwadime said he does n’t know how or when he contracted the virus .
He believes his wife was infected through a blood transfusion during childbirth in 1985 .
A year later , doctors told the couple their baby girl had tested positive for HIV .
But when they were told it was a sexually transmitted disease , they dismissed his advice to get tested themselves ” ( p. 172 in The Origin , Persistence and Failings of HIV / AIDS Theory ) .
**********************
That one day ’s set of stories is a mere glimpse of the many human tragedies that the HIV / AIDS business has brought .
But is everyone at risk , as the mainstream propaganda would have it ?
YES ; EVERYONE IS AT RISK
If the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have their way , “ HIV ” testing will become routine if not universal .
Then an increasing number of babies , pregnant women , recently vaccinated individuals , and people exposed to a whole range of health challenges will test positive .
After all , the CDC keeps asserting that something like a quarter of all “ HIV - positive ” Americans do n’t know their “ status ” .
That ’s about a quarter of a million people .
Some proportion of the newly “ diagnosed ” will be advised , urged , or forced to consume antiretroviral drugs .
Thereupon the numbers of “ AIDS ” patients dying from non-AIDS events caused by those drugs will increase noticeably .
It ’s already a majority of them , after all — “ In the era of combination antiretroviral therapy , . . . the risk of several non-AIDS - defining conditions , including cardiovascular diseases , liver - related events , renal disease , and certain non-AIDS malignancies [ 97 - 102 ] is greater than the risk for AIDS in persons with CD4 T - cell counts > 200 cells / mm3 ; the risk for these events increases progressively as the CD4 T - cell count decreases from 350 to 200 cells / mm3 ” ( NIH Treatment Guidelines , 29 January 2008 , p. 13 ) .
Eventually , the increasing number of diagnosed people who know they could not have been “ infected ” , and the obviously increasing number of iatrogenic deaths , will bring wealth to a whole population of trial lawyers , and the HIV / AIDS house of cards will soon thereafter implode .
But it would be so very nice if that implosion could happen without so many unsuspecting people having to die first at the hands of misinformed doctors .
Is it a miracle ?
Monk who prays so much he has left footprints ingrained in the FLOOR
There are few people who have made their mark on life quite like monk Hua Chi .
He has knelt to pray so many times that his footprints remain deeply , perfectly ingrained on his temple 's wooden floor .
Hua , who is about 70 , has been performing a strict daily ritual at the site in the monastery town of Tongren , in Qinghai province , China , for nearly 20 years .
Hua Chi outside his monastery in China :
He has prayed so often his footprints have become embedded in the wood ( below )
Every day before sunrise , he arrives at the temple steps , places his feet in his footprints and bends down to pray a few thousand times before walking around the temple .
The footprints are 1.2 inches deep where the balls of his feet have pressed into the wood .
But the years are beginning to make their own mark on his body .
' During the first years I would pray 2,000 to 3,000 times a day .
' But I have grown older , so in recent years I have only done around 1,000 each day , ' he said , adding sheepishly that he could sometimes only manage around 500 in the cold of winter .
On a good day Hua Chi manages 1,000 prayers .
On a bad one he can only stretch to 500
Hua , who is also a doctor of traditional medicine , hopes his dedication will take him closer to his goal - a smooth transition to the afterlife .
' I reconstructed this temple and have prayed and walked around the temple all these times so that after my death my spirit will not suffer , ' he said .
Hua 's devotion has not gone unnoticed by younger monks at the temple , which lies within the Rongwo Gonchen Gompa , Tongren 's main Tibetan monastery .
The monastery , which dates from 1301 , is home to hundreds of youngsters studying Buddhist scriptures .
Twenty - nine - year - old Genden Darji says he spent many days admiring Hua 's efforts before finding the courage to step into his footprints .
As he carefully repeats Hua 's movements , the young monk says he plans to carry on the ritual when the older monk stops .
' Every day I come here and every day I look at the piece of wood , and it has inspired me to continue to make the footprints myself , ' he said .
I am typing this on a 9 - inch , 3G - equipped , almost - pocketable computer , running the best consumer OS money can currently buy .
It costs around $ 400 .
Do you want one too ?
Here 's how to get yours .
Advertisement
There are a lot of netbooks on which you can install and run OS X , but if you 're mindful of the handy comparison chart those lads at Boing Boing Gadgets have compiled , you 'll know that the Mini 9 is about as ideal a platform as you 'll find for a Hackintosh ultraportable :
Everything from wi-fi , sound and the function keys down to the optional integrated mobile broadband card and the SD card reader are supported and work as they should .
No hardware compromises at all .
It 's awesome .
Generally , there are two ways to approach a Hackintosh install : Using a " slipstreamed " OS X installer image that 's been modified to install on non-Apple hardware , or using a $ 129 factory - fresh retail OS X install disk in tandem with a special bootloader that does the necessary tweaking to let the install happen .
The former can be easy enough , but it 's pretty much illegal since it contains a pirated OS X install disk , and on top of that you 'll run into all kinds of problems should you ever want to upgrade your OS or software via Software Update .
Advertisement
By using a retail OS X disk , you stay mostly out of pirate waters , and ensure that once everything 's up and running , you 'll be as close as is possible to having an actual Mac .
Here we 're doing that , using a method referred to as the " Type11 " install , cooked up by a fellow of the same handle and his colleagues over on the MyDellMini forums , a fantastic resource .
Even though we 're using a standard retail - purchased copy of OS X , the disclaimer : Apple does not like Hackintoshing .
It violates the OS X EULA , and probably wo n't make the Dell folks too happy either , should you need to return your hacked Mini 9 for service .
So , as always , proceed at your own risk .
On a personal note let me tell you , it 's worth it .
The Mini 9 is a beautiful OS X machine .
So let 's get started .
Advertisement
What You 'll Need
• Dell Mini 9
With 16GB SSD or higher ( 8GB SSDs will techincally work , but it will take some fiddling not covered by this guide )
• Retail copy of OS X 10.5.x ( NOT an OEM copy that comes with a new Mac )
• A USB flash drive 8GB or higher
• An external USB DVD drive
• The " Type11 " Bootloader : DellMiniBoot123v8.01.iso.zip ( download link in this forum post )
• Blank CD to burn bootloader image ( I actually used version 8.0 of Type11 on my CD - if your boot process with 8.01 is different than what 's spelled out in this guide , you can download 8.0 here .
Both should work . )
• Windows PC for preparing the flash drive ( if DVD drive works fine , this is optional )
Advertisement
Preparing Your Boot Loader
The easiest way to use both the Type11 bootloader ( burned to a bootable CD ) and your OS X install DVD is via the external USB DVD drive .
The catch is , some drives are mysteriously not compatible with installing OS X on the Mini 9 .
Mine was one of those drives — the bootloader CD would work without a hitch , but it would choke on the OS X install disk every time .
Thankfully , it 's also possible to run both the bootloader and the OS X install disk off of a USB flash drive .
I 'm going to spell out my method here , which actually included both approaches , but try an external DVD drive first , and if yours is compatible , your life will be a little easier than mine was .
On the other hand , if you do n't have an external drive , you can give the USB flash drive method a shot .
The general approach here it to boot from the Type11 bootloader , which allows you install , run and update OS X ; once you 're up to 10.5.6 , you can install a suite of Mini 9 specific drivers so you do n't have to rely on the bootloader anymore .
Advertisement
1. Unzip the DellMiniBoot123v8.01.iso and burn it to a CD with Disk Utility or a similar Windows tool ( do n't just drag the ISO file to a disk ) .
Pop that disk into your external DVD drive , connect it to your Mini 9 and power it on , then press 0 ( zero ) at startup to bring up the list of bootable devices .
2. Choose CD / DVD from the list , which will bring you into the bootloader .
Choose the first option , " Install Retail OS X 10.5 " which will bring you to a command prompt that says " boot : "
Advertisement
3 . Take out the bootloader disk and pop in your retail OS X install DVD , keeping the PC running .
( You can power your external drive off and then on again to make sure everything 's kosher . )
Press Escape at the boot : prompt to bring up the drive options .
The Type11 installer uses hex codes to choose which device you 're booting from , which you can assign at any time from the boot prompt by pressing escape : enter " 9f " for the external DVD drive or " 80 " for the primary internal SSD .
Here we 're booting from the external CD drive , so press escape , Type " 9f " then press enter .
Advertisement
4 . At this point , the OS X installer will either load or it wo n't .
If it does , great .
You can skip to step 12 .
If not , you 'll need to do what I did , and transfer everything to a USB flash drive to install that way .
Advertisement
Preparing a USB Stick Instead Of / In Addition To a Boot CD
This is based on a tutorial found on the MyDellMini forums by " bmaltais " — bigup to him .
5. Open up Disk Utility and partition your USB drive ( 8GB or larger ) into two partitions : one 200MB FAT32 ( MS - DOS ) partition named " TYPE11 " and one with the remainder of the free space formated as Mac OS X Extended ( Journaled ) called OSXDVD .
Advertisement
6 . Move to a Windows PC ( I know , I know ) , plug in your USB stick and download Syslinux - this is a utility that will make the FAT32 partition of your USB stick bootable .
With the Windows Command Prompt , cd over to the " win32 " subdirectory of the Syslinux directory you downloaded and type the following , where " F : " is the drive letter for the TYPE11 partition on your USB stick :
syslinux - ma F :
You wo n't get any confirmation , but if you receive no error messages , you 're good :
This copies a single file named ldlinux.sys ( invisible in Windows ) to the USB drive to make it bootable .
Pop it out and go back to your Mac if that 's what you 're using .
Advertisement
7. Now , unzip the Type11 ISO ( instead of burning it to a disk ) and copy the whole directory structure to the TYPE11 partition .
Do NOT overwrite the " ldlinux.sys " when it asks — you want to keep the one you copied over with Syslinux .
8 . To fill up the other partition , insert your OS X install DVD and , in Disk Utility , select it and choose " New Image . "
Save it to the OSXDVD partition of your USB drive as " live.dmg " with " compressed " as the type and encryption set to " none . "
This 'll take about a half hour to rip the DVD to an image , which should weigh in at around 6.4 GB give or take .
Advertisement
9 . After that 's done , go to Terminal and copy your mach kernel file to the OSXDVD partition by typing this :
sudo cp / mach_kernel / Volumes / OSXDVD
10 .
And finally , download this zip file , uncompress it and copy the System and Library folders inside to your OSXDVD partition .
This is the last bit of magic needed to make your Mini 9 think it 's working with an actual OS X install DVD .
Advertisement
11 . On your Mini 9 , restart it and enter the BIOS setup by pressing " 2 " — and make sure legacy support for USB devices is enabled .
Now , reboot and select the boot options list by tapping 0 at startup and choose USB Storage .
Select the OSXDVD partition to boot from and press Enter .
This should load up the familiar Apple and the OS X installer window .
Advertisement
Install OS X
While you 're installing and doing initial configuration of OS X , everything will be all warped to 800x600 rather than your Mini 's native 1024x600 res .
Do n't worry , this will be fixed soon enough .
12 . The first thing you need to do is format your SSD .
Bring up Disk Utility in the installer select it at the highest level possible .
Go to " Partition " and make it a single Mac OS X Extended ( Journaled ) partition .
Before hitting Apply , go to Options and select GUID Partition Table .
Then hit apply .
Advertisement
13 . Now , go back to the Installer , and install OS X to the SSD you just partitioned .
You will definitely want to choose to customize your install to save SSD space — I would ditch all the printer drivers and language packs you do n't need to save space .
If you install with the default options though , do n't worry — all can be removed later .
The install will take about an hour , so go fix yourself a drink .
You may come back to an Install Error message at the very end ( I did n't ) , but if you do , do n't worry .
It 's normal .
14 . Once OS
X is installed , it 's still not ready for use right off the drive .
On your first reboot , make sure you boot back into the Type11 bootloader on your CD or flash drive , as your new OS X partition is still not bootable without it .
Advertisement
This is , however , where a bit of weirdness set in for me .
The Type11 partition on my USB disk would NOT recognize my fresh OS X install on the Mini 9 SSD .
It just would not boot it .
The Type11 boot CD I had made ( with version 8.0 of Type11 ) DID recognize it , however , and booted it just fine .
So bear that in mind here — even if you were n't using an external drive before , you still might need one .
Advertisement
15 .
So now you boot back into the Type11 CD and choose option 1 ( " Install Retail OS X 10.5 " ) again , even though you 're not installing .
This takes you back to the boot prompt .
This time , hit Escape , and type the code " 80 " for your SSD ( as opposed to " 9f " for the external DVD ) .
Press enter , and then back at the " boot : " prompt , type " - f " with no quotes before hitting enter again to boot .
This will load all of OS X's kernel extensions ( . kexts ) to make sure wi-fi and everything works .
OS X should boot , and you 'll go through the typical OS X setup process .
Notice the webcam and — hopefully — networking are already working !
ONE MORE NOTE :
If networking is n't working , do n't panic .
On my first boot from the SSD , wi - fi did n't work .
But after a restart and another boot from the bootloader CD ( with the " - f " option ) it worked fine .
Throughout this process , if anything is screwy , before you panic and start Googling new strategems , simply re-do the last step that failed — it 's often that easy .
Advertisement
Free Up Space and Update OS X to 10.5.6
Now that you 've booted from the fresh install on the SSD , it 's time to update to 10.5.6 ( if necessary ) .
After a default install , I only had a gig and change left on my 16GB SSD , so I had to dump some programs I would n't need as well as all the printer drivers found at / Library / Printers .
There is an app called Monolingual which can also help clear some space by removing unwanted language files and stripping out all legacy PPC code from your universal binaries .
16 .
Once you 've cleared up enough space ( if necessary , you 'll need around 6GB ) , go to Software Update and install the 10.5.6 update .
This will take a long - ass time too ( the SSD , strangely enough , seems to actually be slower on tasks that take tons of reads and writes ) .
Advertisement
17 .
After it 's done , restart , and boot into the Type11 bootloader one last time .
This time you do n't have to use the " - f " flag .
Once you 're booted , go to the DellMini9 Utils folder on your Type11 CD or flash drive and run the DellEFI installer .
This will load all of the Mini 9 . kexts and drivers as well as a special bootloader to boot your SSD install .
Choose the easy install option and just let it do its magic .
18 . After it 's done , you 'll be asked to reboot one final time .
You wo n't need to boot from the Type11 CD this time ; you should boot straight off of your SSD like normal , and enter upon your fresh new OS X desktop , now in gloriously correct 1024x600 resolution .
Awesome !
Advertisement
Configs , Tweaks and Fun Stuff
You 'll notice right away that OS X runs fantastically on the Mini 9 .
I was really stunned , and you probably will be too .
Here are some things to make it even better :
• Follow this tutorial to get your mobile broadband working if your Mini 9 has it .
Network preferences should recognize it out of the box .
• If you 're especially OCD , you can run the " AboutThisMac.pkg " inside the Type11 utilities folder to change " Unknown Processor " in the About This Mac window to the correct 1.6GHz Atom designation .
• This is a neat trick for fooling pesky oversized windows into shrinking themselves for your small screen .
• I have n't had luck with this , but you can apparently enable some multitouch scrolling action on the Dell 's Synaptics touchpad by following these instructions .
Advertisement
Conclusion
So congrats , now you have a 100 % functional OS X netbook .
I 've been using mine for a few days now , and it 's quite the machine for basic netbook activities - surfing , IM , email .
It connects to my shared AirPort disk and streams my video collection ( even high - def files ) perfectly , and also backs up wirelessly over Time Machine .
The 9 - inch screen will make even your lower - res full - screen video look fantastic — YouTube or Hulu , QuickTime trailers and video rips are a pleasure to watch .
Watching an episode of something in bed without lugging my 15 - incher in with me is really nice .
In addition , I think I may have found the perfect toilet computer .
No one wants to fight Windows on the throne .
And of course it 's amazing for traveling .
I 'm about to take a trip to Cairo , and I 'll be bringing this little guy without a doubt .
Advertisement
Resources
Many thanks to everyone at the following sites :
• DellMyMini Forums : Mac OS X
• DellMyMini Forums : OS X : FAQs and How Tos
• OSX86 Wiki Guide
So that 's about it !
Please add in your experiences in the comments - your feedback is a huge benefit to our Saturday guides .
Good luck with your own Hackintoshing , and have a great weekend !
From a posting on The Pour by Eric Asimov dated Feb .
9 :
Words matter more than I imagined to some readers .
Last December my column on Speyside single malts conjured up an outpouring of objections to my use of the spelling “ whiskey ” to refer to Scotch .
Did n’t I know that Scotch was “ whisky ” and not “ whiskey ? ”
Well , of course , I knew that .
But nonetheless the style at The Times was to use the spelling “ whiskey , ” and that ’s what I did .
Given the vehemence of the reaction , though , I promised to ask the editors in charge of Times style to revisit the issue .
In fact , they did , and today , after careful consideration they ’ve decided to alter our style .
As of now , the spelling “ whisky ” will be used not only for Scotch but for Canadian liquor as well .
The spelling “ whiskey ” will be used for all appropriate liquors from other sources .
May I add that the Belgians , the Bretons , the Corsicans , the Welsh and the Spaniards always use the term “ whisky , ” and not “ whiskey , ” for their own versions of the drink .
I am not sure the Scots always like it , but that ’s the way it is .
LALAU
WASHINGTON --
The outgoing Bush administration this week will finalize a regulation establishing a " right of conscience " allowing medical staff to refuse to participate in any practice they object to on moral grounds , including abortion but possibly birth control and other health care as well .
In transition offices across town , officials in the incoming Obama administration have begun considering how and when to undo it .
The ...
VANCOUVER –
The public inquiry into the death of Robert Dziekanski yesterday heard in detail the distraught words of the Polish immigrant just seconds before he was shot with a Taser gun by police .
A Polish translator brought in by the commission looking into the Oct. 14 , 2007 incident described the man as confused and scared .
Kris Barski , who is a court translator , was able to hear Dziekanski's words after enhanced audio techniques were used to clear up the sounds on a video shot by a bystander .
The video has been seen by hundreds of thousands of viewers around the world .
" I will trash this office , " said Dziekanski , picking up pieces of furniture in the international arrivals area of the Vancouver International Airport .
" For f--- 's sake .
I will sue you and everyone else . "
The video showed interaction between Dziekanski and others who were also in the waiting area .
He picks up a table and in the audio , a number of voices can be heard saying " no , no , no . "
Then Dziekanski responds , " What did you say ?
You will not let me ? "
The small group of about half a dozen people witnessing the incident , including Paul Pritchard , who shot the video , can be heard repeatedly asking where the police and airport security are .
The witnesses also mistakenly believed that Dziekanski , who had arrived at the airport after making his first international flight and had been left wandering by himself for at least eight hours in the arrivals area , was speaking Russian .
" Leave me alone everybody .
Go away , I said , " Dziekanski is heard to say when one woman tries to talk to him .
Just before the RCMP arrived , Dziekanski appeared to believe that he was being forced to stay in that area of the arrivals zone .
" How long do I have to wait ? " he asked .
" So you will not let me go ?
You will not let me out of here ? "
Canada Border Services officials testified earlier at the inquiry that they knew Dziekanski could not speak English .
His mother Zofia Cisowski had waited for her son but because they could not find each other , she left after more than six hours at the airport to return home to Kamloops , a three - hour drive away .
" This is very hard to hear , " Cisowski said outside the inquiry .
When the RCMP arrived , one of the officers asked Dziekanski how he was doing and the Polish man recognized their uniform .
" Police .
Police , " Dziekanski said .
" Leave me alone .
Did you become stupid ? "
Barski said another translation could be that Dziekanski's demand to be left alone meant that he wanted calm or to be left in peace .
That did n't happen .
Within 10 seconds of police encountering Dziekanski , one of the officers asked whether to use the Taser on him , and the Polish man was shot five times .
He said " police " twice more in a near whisper and screamed in anguish , dropping to the ground .
He died shortly afterwards .
Two of the officers left the scene separately and returned a short time later .
No evidence has been presented yet as to where the officers went .
Lawyers for the four RCMP members involved have challenged assertions made by a senior firefighter who arrived on the scene minutes later that the RCMP did little to help Dziekanski as he lay handcuffed after being shot with the Taser .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
RCMP counsel Helen Roberts challenged the translator 's interpretations of Dziekanski's words .
" In the context of throwing a computer on the floor and smashing a table , you do n't see those swear words as aggressive ? " said Roberts .
Barski said he considered they were the words of a self - defensive person who was cornered .
Few Icelanders seem concerned about the PM's sexual orientation Iceland has announced a new government that will be headed by the modern world 's first openly gay leader .
Johanna Sigurdardottir was named new prime minister by the country 's coalition political parties .
Iceland 's previous coalition cabinet of PM Geir Haarde collapsed last month under the strain of an escalating economic crisis .
Ms Sigurdardottir 's government said on Sunday it would immediately start to tackle Iceland 's crisis .
" The government inherits enormous difficulties due to the banking and systemic collapse as well as considerable and rapidly increasing foreign debts and liabilities of the national economy , " the new coalition said in a statement .
It said its priorities would be replacing the board of governors of the central bank and to ask a parliamentary committee to look at the possibility of entering the European Union .
' Liberal voters '
Ms Sigurdardottir , a former social affairs minister , is the member of the Social Democratic Alliance .
JOHANNA SIGURDARDOTTIR
Born in Reykjavik in 1942 Worked as flight attendant First elected MP in 1978 Becomes minister in 1987 Nicknamed " Saint Johanna "
Profile : Johanna Sigurdardottir
The 66 - year - old 's appointment as interim leader - until elections in May - is seen by many as a milestone for the gay and lesbian movement , correspondents say .
" I do n't think her sexual orientation matters .
Our voters are pretty liberal , they do n't care about any of that , " Skuli Helgeson , Social Democratic Alliance 's general secretary , told the BBC .
Ms Sigurdardottir - who has never hidden her sexuality - is , nevertheless , very private about her personal life , never discussing it in public .
She married her companion , Jonina Ledsdottir , in 2002 .
Ms Sigurdardottir is one of Iceland 's most popular politicians .
Her appeal has held up even as confidence in the government itself has plummeted , amid the economic crash , soaring unemployment and street protests .
Born in the capital Reykjavik in 1942 , Ms Sigurdardottir studied commerce before becoming a flight attendant for Loftleidir Airlines in 1962 .
After nine years at the airline , during which time she began a parallel career as a union organiser , she left and got an office job at a packaging firm in the capital .
Ms Sigurdardottir was first elected to Iceland 's parliament in 1978 and was given her first ministerial office - social affairs - in 1987 .
In 1994 , she left government and unsuccessfully stood for the leadership of the Social Democratic Party .
She then formed her own party , the National Movement , which won four parliamentary seats in the next year 's general election .
The party later merged with the Social Democratic Party and two other centre - left groups to form the Social Democratic Alliance ( SDA ) , which they hoped would counter the dominance of the right - wing Independence Party .
It was not until after the 2007 election , however , that the SDA got a chance to govern , albeit in a left - right coalition with the Independence Party .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I have made no attempts to hide the fact that I 'm not a huge fan of the aesthetics of the Mac mini .
The look is n't terrible ; it just is n't for me .
One hardware hacker from the Retro Mac Cast forums ( hat tip to Cult of Mac ) got his hands on a mini with some hardware issues .
He might have not had the same dislike of the mini , but he gave it a makeover nonetheless .
Those who have been Apple users since the beginning , or just have an eye for old Apple hardware , will immediately recognize the iconic Disk II shell that has been gutted and replaced with the innards of a Core Solo Mac mini .
The mod uses the original 5.25 " floppy slot for the DVD drive opening and the original activity light for what appears to be the sleep light .
The transplant comes from a hardware hacker who has also created a Mac Plus G4 and an USB Mac Plus keyboard and mouse combo .
The Mac mini looks like it actually fits into the Disk II fairly well , needing only the outer shell removed , the power button extended to the back of the case , and the sleep LED moved .
Overall , it 's a clever idea and a well - executed hack .
The only criticism we have is the lack of access to the machine 's ports , but the dongles used seem appropriate , considering the hardware .
Now if someone could give Apple a few tips for a better enclosure , we 'll be on a roll .
Folks at Carnegie Mellon have teamed up with Caterpillar to create the world ’s largest robotic truck .
You may recall Carnegie Mellon won the DARPA Urban challenge with a vehicle named BOSS .
They will use some of this software and other technology such as laser range finders , GPS and video cameras in the new trucks .
The truck will sport a 3,550 - horsepower , 24 - valve engine and travel at at up to 42 miles per hour .
The main idea behind this project is to remove humans from dangerous jobs such as mining .
If you like big trucks , watch this video from Caterpillar .
Link via ( ZDNET )
Last week it happened again .
I was at a dinner party at The Standard , downtown L.A. ’s hipster - by - way - of - Ikea boutique hotel and what was originally supposed to be an intimate group of four had become , by the time I showed up fashionably late , a massive table of sixteen , thanks to the hostess .
The Hostess is of a certain type you might recognize ; casually affluent , martini - swilling , in a chiffon dress by a designer whose name is unpronounceable .
She ’s Carrie Bradshaw .
She ’s Holly Golightly .
She ’s Julia Roberts in My Best Friend ’s Wedding .
She ’s Willamina Slater .
And fifteen minutes after I sit down , she ’s sitting in my lap , preventing me from grabbing a bite of my Kobe carpaccio , which I dare not eat lest it wind up on the dress , which is now rubbing up against my nose .
Ten minutes later , she ’s insisting I unzip the back of the dress and examine her tattoos .
Another ten minutes and she ’s telling me how we ’re going to be friends forever and jokes how this must be the most action I ’ve ever had with a girl .
“ Not true ! ” , I tell here .
“ There was a girl in college who would make me touch her breasts when she got drunk . ”
She laughs and starts bouncing up and down on my knee , grinding her pelvis into mine while regaling the guests about her latest European business trip .
Inside , I am having a straight panic .
And honestly , I want to be friends with The Hostess .
She ’s smart and cool and obviously knows how to throw a party , but as my gay friends stare on and mouth apologies , I ’m already certain this is n’t going to work out .
You see , I am not going to ever be her friend , not really .
I am going to be her mancessory , the sort of de rigeur item you take out with you shopping ( I hate shopping ! ) or call about your man problems ( “ He ’s a loser ; fuck him and then dump him ” is what you ’ll want to hear , I ’ll oblige ) and then one day , you ’ll make a joke about how if we ’re both single at 35 , we should just get married and we ’ll both laugh at how funny that is , until you go , “ No , really . ”
If you ’re a girl of a certain age , or even a metrosexual boy with an enlightened sense of style , chances are you have a gay best friend .
You two are probably pretty tight and tell each other everything .
After all , gays are like really understanding well - dressed genies , right ?
Like all cute , smart and adorable animals , your gay is more complicated than you think .
To help you get the most out of your gay BFF , we ’ve assembled a brief manual of operations .
Gay men are like straight men , it ’s just they ’re not trying to fuck you .
“ Why ca n’t there be straight guys , like you ? ” you ask us and we smile , secure in our knowledge that we ’re more talented , charming and well - groomed than any straight boy you ’ll ever encounter .
Here ’s the dirty little secret the gays have been keeping from you :
We ’re huge horrible jerks , too — it ’s just we have no desire to pork you , so we wo n’t fuck with your head .
Yes , we listen to you and talk about our feelings , but believe it or not , these are things that straight guys do as well , they just do n’t do it with you .
Again , because of the whole fucking thing .
They ’re trying to get into bed with you and men , in general , always assume there ’s some sort of secret game of indifference and emotional manipulation that ’s needed to score .
How do we know this ?
Because we do it to other guys all the time .
We do n’t call our dates back .
We act aloof and have terrible fears of commitment .
You know how we tell you about all the terrible things our various boyfriends do to us ?
Well , guess what ?
We ’re doing them , too .
Why do we seem like such a better catch than straight dudes ?
Because we do n’t want to have sex with you .
If we did , we ’d be jerks , too .
Never fall in love with your gay .
Following from this , the single most important thing to maintaining a long term friendship with your gay is to never - ever fall in love with them .
Remember how you felt about N’Sync growing up ?
Chances are , your gay BFF brings up a lot of those old pre-teen feelings .
At some point , perhaps during some 2 am chat about the various merits of Ben & Jerry ’s Mint Chocolate Chip , you ’ll think to yourself , “ This is so much better than the annoying singles scene .
If only I could get him to sleep with me . ”
When you start having these thoughts , you need to send your gay home .
While we can have deep emotional relationships with our girlfriends , we ’re never going to be able to give you what you want .
The reason the relationship is easy is because it ’s not going anywhere .
Real relationships are messy , complicated and riddled with self - doubt and expectation .
Pursuing a gay boy will only wind up with you resenting them , not just because they ca n’t return your love , but because you ’ve spent all your time wooing them instead of finding a man who will give you what you want .
Do not call yourself a “ fag hag . ”
Do not let your gay call you one .
“ Fag hag ” is a really demeaning term .
It ’s a fat girl who can never get a date .
It ’s someone who still has unicorn posters in her bedroom .
You ’re a woman .
Your life is n’t defined by your gays and if it is , you should reconsider what you ’re doing with your life .
Do n’t hide behind your gays .
Do n’t use them as a crutch .
Instead , face life fabulously together .
Do n’t ask “ So are you the guy or the girl ? ”
Do ask about gay sex .
Do n’t laugh !
This happens more often than you think .
At some point , you ’re going to start becoming interested in how this whole gay sex thing happens and despite everything the Japanese manga industry has told you , it ’s not all longing gazes and hand - holding .
Believe it or not , most gays are shy about talking about their sex lives , at least with straight people .
This is because , for the most part , the heterosexual world considers what we do gross and icky .
Taking an active interest in your gays sex life will show them that you ’re actually interested in them .
On a related note , feel free to ask them about gay rights and gay causes .
Do n’t just tell them you agree with them , but ask their opinion .
It ’s a two - way street girlfriend .
It is totally okay to ask if they ’re a top or a bottom , though .
Just do n’t laugh when they say they ’re a top .
If he drags you to a gay bar , drag him to a straight one .
Another dirty little secret about your gay BFF :
The reason he drags you out to gay bars is to get laid .
As previously mentioned , gays are just as bad as straights when it comes to dating and hooking - up and having you by his side takes off a lot of the pressure .
Just as he ’s your emotional safety net , at a gay bar , you are his rejection safety net .
You ’re also a convenient conversation starter : “ Oh , yeah , this is Dana .
I thought I ’d take her out and show her how the gay half lives ! ”
You ’re someone who can vouch for the fact that he ’s not a psycho without looking like competition .
This is great and all , but you need to make sure there ’s some parity .
Use your gay boy to get you some straight tail .
Promise him a night of breeder fun and hold him to it .
The best way to lure a gay out on a straight night is say you want to start off at Hooters .
As we ’ve mentioned many times before on this blog , Hooters is gay catnip .
We do n’t know why , but seriously , just thinking about Hooters makes me want to call up The Hostess for hot wings .
Once you have them out , drag them to a straight bar , point out men you ’re into and use them as props .
Now , here ’s how this works for both of you .
At some point in the night your gay is going to meet a man or you are .
You need to have a signal for each other which means , “ I am ready to get laid now .
Time to go . ”
If you think this is mean or unfair , just imagine you ’ve met a really cute guy at a bar , you ’re getting along famously and your gay friend is there , talking about the latest Daft Punk album .
Remember , the key to a healthy straight - gay relationship is to be having sex with people who will have sex with you .
Never let that trump your desire for emotional snuggle time .
Do n’t make your boyfriend hang out with your gay .
If you ’re a straight dude , please do n’t assume we want to sleep with you .
Congratulations !
You ’ve followed all our advice and instead of developing a tragic codependency with your gay , you ’ve both found boyfriends are maintaining a healthy friendship .
Now , do your straight lover a favor and do n’t insist that he become BFF ’s with your gay , too .
If it happens , let it happen , but as many a Craigslist rant attests to , straight guys do n’t like competition , even if it ’s from gay dudes .
And now a word for the straight guys :
We do n’t want to sleep with you .
Now , because we ’re guys , we know that underneath that macho exterior , there ’s a insecure guy constantly craving validation .
But it ’s amazing that no matter how unattractive , unshaven or slovenly they are , every straight guy I ’ve known for any length of time has admitted that he assumes I am secretly into them .
What ’s worse is that they ’re crestfallen when I say , “ Sorry , you ’re not my type . ”
Yes , some of you guys are really hot , but for the most part , our desire not to get beaten up and killed trumps whatever desire we have to make a move on you .
Now , if you start reciprocating , all bets are off , but so long as you do n’t want to sleep with us , we ’re probably not going to try to sleep with you .
Because you know another gay person , do not assume that they will make the perfect boyfriend for your gay BFF .
You know what happens when you set us up on a date with the other gay you know ?
We go for dinner at a mid-scale restaurant and talk about you the whole time .
We smile politely at each other and go our separate ways .
Why ?
There ’s nothing so unsexy as being set - up by our straight BFF .
This is an update on a previous article I wrote about mooTools ( 41 of the Best … ) , some mooTools plugins have been removed , some have been updated and a fair few have been added .
mooTools is truly hot on the heels of jQuery !!!
Can it be better ?
About mooTools : “ MooTools is a compact , modular , Object - Oriented JavaScript framework designed for the intermediate to advanced JavaScript developer .
It allows you to write powerful , flexible , and cross - browser code with its elegant , well documented , and coherent API . ” .
mooTools Homepage : mooTools Homepage .
Below are the Best Ever 65 mooTools Plugins and Demos :
Description : SmoothScroll allows you to smoothly take a user to a specific portion of a page .
By default , the browser “ jerks ” you up or down in the page when you click on an anchor — SmoothScroll lets you define the duration that it should take for a link to be scrolled down to .
Description : MultipleSelect allows you to add a custom style to html multiple select boxes .
And you do n’t even have to hold down the CTRL - key anymore when choosing multiple items .
Description : This is a sleek Typrewriter Effect built on MooTools .
MooColumns
Description : MooColumns is a MooTools 1.2 class that allows you to divide content into multiple columns quickly and easily .
News ticker with horizontal scrolling
Description : News
Ticker is very simple and quick to implement within your web projects .
It is inspired by the Newsvine Live panel , a lovely and smooth effect to display content .
MooScroll
Description : MooScroll is a MooTools 1.2 class that allows you to customize how the scrollbar looks on scrollable divs .
Show / hide a nice Login Pane
Description :
This is a nice Login Pane that drops from the top of the page , very smoothly .
Kroppr
Description : Kroppr is an unobtrusive script that will enhance any site that wants to offer an image cropping tool for its visitors .
Unlike other scripts , Kroppr is able to ROTATE , zoom and move the image in the real time without using plugins – such as flash or java .
The cropping is done after the user is satisfied with the settings .
This way , the load put on the server is minimised and also the visitor ’s experience .
Description :
There are numerous websites around the internet , RapidShare for example , that make you wait an allotted amount of time before presenting you with your download .
Using MooTools , the CountDown plugin allows you to easily implement a similar system .
Twitter Emulation
Description : People all over the world love Twitter because of how easy it is to use .
All you need to do is type in your current status , click “ Update ” , and you are done .
What most people probably do not know is how simple it is to emulate Twitters functionality .
Using PHP , MySQL , and MooTools javascript , you can implement a Twitter - like status system in no time .
Description : Navigation menus are traditionally boring , right ?
Most of the time the navigation menu consists of some imagery with a corresponding mouseover image .
Where ’s the originality ?
The author has created a fancy navigation menu that highlights navigation items and creates a chain effect .
Select Box Factory v1.0
Description :
The factory has produced a multiple - select box , with " sifting " tool attached .
Try searching for one of the items in the list , or typing a letter in there .
Next to it is the exact same list rendered as a dropdown ( takes about 5 seconds to make this transition ) .
Description : This AutoCompleter script for MooTools provides the functionality for text suggestion and completion .
It features different data - sources ( local , JSON or XML ) , a variety of user interactions , custom formatting , multiple selection , animations and much more .
mooSocialize
Description :
By clicking the mooSocialize button , a window will appear , which lets you choose your favorite network .
Having a thumbnail of each service beside the link , it is easy to see and find the one of your liking .
But that is not all – it does not redirect you to that page , but opens up the page in a hovered layer .
Convenient and easy .
On top of the opened layer is a small < > , which allows to close the window later on .
SlideItMoo
Description : SlideItMoo is a MooTools 1.2 slider for images , browser friendly and nicely degradable .
All CSS styling is external .
It can slide either by clicking the back – forward buttons or by mouse wheel .
It can be used to display any number of thumbnails in a photo gallery or as a banner rotator .
To switch from one way to the other , you simply have to set the appropriate values when instantiating the class .
Reflection
Description :
This is an improved version of the reflection .js script rewritten for the mootools javascript framework .
It allows you to add instantaneous reflection effects to your images in modern browsers , in less than 2kb .
Description : This is the official release of the unofficial MooTools Events Calendar .
It is an embeddable web calendar that was built using the MooTools JavaScript framework .
Currently , it is still under development , but may be sufficient for your needs .
Description :
Why make the user submit their form if you can just use Ajax to let them know if it ’s available right away ?
Here ’s how you can implement a username available checker using MooTools 1.2 .
Elegant glass style navigation bar
Description : Moving your mouse over a tab in the main menu , the submenu display several links related to the " topic " of the tab .
On the right of the navigation bar , clicking on Hide submenu link , the submenu disappears / appears with a nice toggle animation .
HTML Form Tips
Description : This is Twitter - likechars counter example using MooTools .
It is counter decreases , from the max value of available chars in the input field ( 20 in this example ) to zero , while you type something into the input field .
mooFlickr
Description :
If you wish to display your flickr stats in your blog , on your page etc , you will need this nifty little widget .
It is capable of retrieving your posted images , information about you on flickr , your most used tags and the user groups you are attending .
CSS vertical menu with show / hide effects
Description : CSS vertical menu with show / hide effects uses mootools to show / hide the menu with a nice vertical slide - in / slide - out effect .
mooSlide 3.2
Description : With mooSlide you can call several sliders on one page , just define a new class instance and tell the script which div to use , which handler to use to toggle , and you are all set .
This is a complete revamp of the origianl mooSlide , with added features .
Description :
In a nut shell it is an image gallery , but this only scrathches the surface .
Here are some of its features : autosetup graps all images inside a element ; autoresize on changes of window dimensions ; fullscreen option ; scrolling with mouse wheel ; scrolling with key input ( left and right cursor ) ; autoplay presentation loop ; reflections via javascript ; load images via json ( with event or on startup ) ; load images from a html - source with selector - filter ; creates the UI automatically ; UI skinable via CSS ; fullsize viewer option ; can run multiple instances .
AJAX mootools secure contact form
Description :
This contact form uses the mootools 1.1 framework to check the form fields and give immediate feedback if the entered values are correct .
The name only allows normal chars , the email is checked with regex for a correct syntax and the message field does n't allow to enter web addresses as many spam emails would be send off that way .
Description : A smooth sliding effect .
Photo Gallery
Description : A marvellous interactive Photo Gallery .
Demo : View Demo .
URL : http://www.outcut.de/.
Description :
This is another image gallery slideshow , nicely done ..
Simple 3D Carousel
Description : A ( not so ) basic 3D Carousel .
Slider
Description : Horizontal or Vertical bar and slider .
Demo : View Demo .
Click to change the background
Description : Dynamic color selector - colors swatch animate to pick and change the background .
Pamoorama
Description :
It show only part of your fullsize image , the image can then be scrolled by moving the mouse over it .
Tips
Description : A stylish tool tip demo .
Javascript Image Gallery
Description : A simple but very useable Image gallery .
Sample Nav Bar
Description : A stylish and easy to use nav bar .
Slidinglist
Description : A tree - like sliding navigation system .
Multibox
Description : A lightbox that supports images , flash , video , mp3s , html .
Image Menu
Description : A horizontal menu , reveals more of the image as you rollover it .
Window Growl
Description : Tooltips with a difference .
Description : Simpliar and easier than SqueezeBox .
Click on an image and the image will enlarge .
Simple , the way I like it .
Accordions
Description : A stylish and smooth accordian style navigation .
Slideshow
Description :
This is by far and away the Photo Gallery with the most features .
Very well done .
mooSlide ( lightbox replacement )
Description :
The mooSlideBox v3 is a small and slim ajax based extension or replacement of the common “ lightbox ” .
I really love this .
Page Loader
Description :
You can load a div from one page into a div on this page .
Grow a Textarea
Description : Just make a form , and this script will add the ability to resize each textarea .
Description :
The first ever Time Picker that utilize a very easy drag and drop interface .
Sexy sliding JavaScript side bar menu
Description : Smooth and yes , SEXY sidebar menu .
Slideshow
Description : A smooth transition between images .
Ajax login form (
Description :
An easy to use login form .
Description : Swf meets
Ajax for beautiful uploads .
Validate
Description : A simple form validation .
SortableTable
Description : Sort and filter tables .
MooTabs – Tiny tab class for MooTools
Description : MooTabs is tiny ( 3 kb ) , as the name suggests , it ’s main purpose is to help out with the creation of simple tab navigation .
Sortable List Example
Description : A drag and Drop sortable list .
Could be handy .
Calendar
Description : Calendar is a Javascript class that adds accessible and unobtrusive date - pickers to your form elements .
Rounded Corners
Description :
This creates rounded corners on divs .
Description : Mediabox lets you open flash , video , and html content in a floating “ lightbox ” style window .
FormCheck
Description : Performs different tests on forms and indicates errors .
mooRainbow
Description : A color picker , built on the mooTools Framework .
Lightbox
Description :
An inline image popup , overlays and fades out the current page .
SmoothGallery 2.0
Description :
This javascript gallery and slideshow system allows you to have simple and smooth ( cross - fading … ) image galleries , slideshows , showcases and other cool stuff on your website .
Popmenu
Description : A background image pops up , adding some livelyness to an otherwise dull menu .
MooWheel
Description :
The purpose of this script is to provide a unique and elegant way to visualize data using Javascript and the canvas object .
This type of visualization can be used to display connections between many different objects , be them people , places , things , or otherwise .
Description :
This is a collection of demos which explains how moo.rd works and how to work with moo.rd .
Here you can play with the constructors of the latest version to test them out and see every sourcecodes .
It ’s good for tests and comparisons .
On the left you can find a list containing all the demos , subdivided by section .
All demos have free sourcecodes that you can copy and study .
Mootools Mocha UI
Description : Mocha is a web applications user interface library built on the Mootools javascript framework .
The Mocha GUI components are made with canvas tag graphics .
Protesters make their feelings known
A POINT OF VIEW
It seems timely to resurrect this Americanism from the 1930s - one of many evocative words the United States has contributed to the English language , says Harold Evans .
Americans are pretty good at adding words to the English language .
We owe them pin-up girls , highbrows , killjoys , stooges , hobos , drop - outs , shills , bobby - soxers , hijackers , do - gooders and hitchhikers who thumb a ride .
During the time Merrill Lynch CEO John
Thain was cost - cutting , he spent $ 1.1 m doing up his office - $ 86,000 for a rug
Hear Radio 4's A Point of View The Americanisms are so much more concise and vivid .
Instead of saying " sorry we 're late but drivers ahead of us slowed us down when they craned their necks to look at a crash " you can say " we were held up by rubberneckers " .
Words pop in and out of our language as social conditions change .
The American gangster , which is still with us , has been around as a noun and a reality since 1896 according to my Shorter Oxford , but it seems to have dropped another Americanism from the 1930s and I think now is the time to revive it .
The word is bankster , derived by a marriage of banker and gangster .
Stunned crowds gathered on Wall St as news of the 1929 crash spread
It was coined , as far as I can deduce , by an American immigrant , a fiery Sicilian - born lawyer by the name of Ferdinand Pecora .
He was the chief counsel to the US Senate Committee on Banking set up in the early 30s to probe the origins of the Crash of 1929 .
He exposed quite a lot of the Wall Street practices that Harvard 's Professor William Z Ripley had condemned in 1928 .
The believable Ripley called them - get ready for these Americanisms - " prestidigitation , double - shuffling , honey - fugling , hornswoggling and skullduggery " .
The professor had vainly tried to warn President Calvin Coolidge that Wall Street was full of gas and was bound to blow up .
To great discomfort all round , Pecora identified Coolidge himself , by then out of office , as one of those who'd been in on the honey - fugling .
The great banking house of JP Morgan had the president on a " preferred list " by which the bank 's influential friends were given a chance to buy stock at half price .
Shall we say , they made out like bandits ?
Today the term bankster perfectly fits Bernard Madoff , whose crooked Ponzi scheme lost $ 50 billion of what the trade calls OPM - other people 's money - invested with him .
Costly rug
But the revelations come thick and fast .
People are now struggling for words to describe the latest example of Wall St 's money madness .
The fabled investment bank Merrill Lynch , run by one John Thain , had so many big zeroes on its balance sheet it would have been liquidated in December but for a merger with the Bank of America .
A shotgun wedding
That was actually a shotgun marriage - in the US vernacular - since the Bank of America was forced to take billions of government money when it learned later that Merrill Lynch was down another $ 15 bn .
Then what ?
In the few days in December while he was still in charge , Mr Thain reportedly spent nearly $ 4bn on staff bonuses .
That 's peanuts on Wall St. In 2007 Mr Thain himself received $ 83 m .
But a week ago , CNBC 's Charles Gasparino , in a detailed scoop on the Daily Beast website revealed that during the time Mr Thain was busy cost - cutting , he spent $ 1.1 m doing up his office - $ 86,000 for a rug , $ 35,000 for something called a commode on legs .
Readers bayed for blood , posting comments such as : " Oh how I wish this was Revolutionary France and we peasants could storm the offices " The anger about the greed that got us into our mess is , in my view , wholly justified .
And now we hear that 10 of the big banks that got $ 148bn from Uncle Sam so they could make loans to get things humming again have actually reduced their loan totals by $ 46bn .
Mr
Thain now is history , having resigned , but the great Bank of America , the biggest in the US and maybe the world is now on the list of banks that may have to be nationalised - a word no red - blooded American ever thought would be uttered in the land of enterprise .
Have money , will lend
The piquancy of all this is that if the term banker is ever to be restored to its former prestige , the public and Wall St might reflect on one highly relevant example of a banker who was not a bankster .
Amadeo Peter Giannini
It is the story of Amadeo Peter Giannini , a big man on the side of the little man .
When the transcontinental railway started services to California after the line 's completion in May 1869 , he was among the very first passengers .
He was in the womb of his newlywed mother , 15 - year - old Virginia .
His father , having made money in the goldfields , had gone back to Italy for her .
It is nice to think that as the young immigrants crossed the Rockies , their adventurous spirits somehow crossed the placental barrier .
Amadeo was born on 6 May , 1870 .
He grew up on a little farm , whose produce his mother and father sold in booming San Francisco .
In 1877 when he was six , he saw his father gunned down .
His mother moved to the city to buy wholesale from farmers and sell to shops .
Amadeo - or AP as he became known - grew into a tall , strong man , more than able to hold his own in the rough auctions for fruit and veg on the wharfs where traders met the farmers ' boats .
He helped to build a thriving business .
When he was 31 he sold his share , saying he had no interest in accumulating wealth .
" No man owns a fortune , " he said .
" It owns him . "
It was the motto of his life .
Ask and you shall receive ?
He 'd married and on the death of his father in law , was persuaded to take his vacant place on the board of a little bank in North Beach .
He was appalled that they 'd not lend money to poor immigrants .
The rows in the board room reverberated over North Beach until AP walked out and started a little bank of his own to do that , the Bank of Italy .
From his work on the wharves , he'd become a shrewd judge of character , so he'd cheerfully lend money to pay doctor 's bills for delivery of a baby if he judged the couple had integrity .
Phoenix from the rubble On Wednesday 18 April , 1906 , San Francisco was devastated by earthquake and fire .
AP rushed to get all his gold and paper money out of danger , hid it under orange crates to conceal it from looters , and stood guard all night in his home .
It must have been a debilitating moment the next day to find his baby bank a mass of charred rubble .
The bigger banks , who had vaults too hot to open , had no records and were not lending .
Smoke billows from San Francisco 's flattened buildings AP instead went down to a wharf close to the smouldering North Beach , flung a plank across two barrels , and with his baritone booming across the desolation , started lending some of his $ 80,000 to rebuild San Francisco .
He looked for steamship captains he knew , shoved money into their hands , saying " go north and get lumber " .
AP radiated so much confidence , making a big show of jiggling his little bag of gold , hundreds who'd been hoarding cash and gold banked it with him .
North Beach was built faster than any other area .
By 1918 he 'd established California 's first state - wide banking system .
A little local bank in the valley that would have closed in a run after a bad harvest could now keep open by borrowing from the city branch .
He set out to build a nationwide banking system so that distressed areas could be helped by ones that were prospering .
Wall
St hated him .
He beat off their attempts to destroy him .
In the Great Depression , he took every opportunity in the New Deal legislation to get California revived in time for the war and the boom that followed .
He did it by putting the community first , himself last .
He set up low interest instalment credit plans which enabled thousands to avoid the loan sharks and buy cookers and refrigerators and autos , and he built a whole new electrical industry with his loans .
He financed the Golden Gate bridge , and the Disney movie Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .
No man could do so much good without being maligned .
It was said he wore the mask of populism to create a dangerous instrument of personal power and personal wealth .
The truth is that the man whose life was money had no interest in money .
He refused to take increases in pay and spurned every bonus .
He banned insider trading .
Shortly after retiring in 1945 , when he found himself in danger of becoming a millionaire , he set up a foundation and gave it half his personal fortune .
And the little bank for the ordinary man that he founded ?
The Bank of America .
Below is a selection of your comments :
The Jimmy Stewart character in the film It 's A Wonderful Life , directed by Sicilian immigrant Frank Capra , may have been based on Giannini .
Giannini 's daughter resigned her board seat , saying that B of A was no longer the people 's bank but just another Wall Street scam .
Josh , Los Angeles , US My adopted uncle , Ettore Bicchieri , now 93 , was sent off from Lucca at age of 15 with an envelope in his pocket addressed to " compatriota " Giannini and was well received by the great banker , given hospitality and sent to school .
Ettore still remembers the man as the greatest .
Nicola Colangelo , La Spezia , Italy
The key phrase in this story of Amadeo Giannini is " he 'd become a shrewd judge of character " - the implication being that he could spot people who would be able to honour their debts .
A lot of today 's bankers are also good judges of character but they have been selecting those who cannot pay back their debts so they get more out of them until it turns into the toxic default that we are all now paying for .
Andrew Dean , Exeter
Oh , dear - another rags to riches and back in three generations story but a delightful one .
Take one day at a time and live it as well as you can seems to be the answer .
I bet AP was a happy man .
Marion Monahan , Bristol UK
Living in a town collapsing with banks that are international , national and local relates to the story of Amadeo Peter Giannini .
The Big Boys are again tucking in their pants and playing it safe , while the local banks are talking to the locals trying to establish integrity .
Make people accountable for their actions .
Bankers knew that they were creating false wealth .
People like Amadeo Peter Giannini are what the banks should look at as role models .
But for now the banks are laying off everyone because of their greed or " bankster " banking practices .
Steven Sarno , Stamford , Connecticut
What an inspiring and heart - warming story of AP .
I found myself wishing I had a school assembly to give tomorrow and an A level English group with whom to share a brilliantly constructed essay .
Long may Harold Evans continue to give his points of view .
Susan Wright , Hayling Island , Hampshire
Would that we produced honest , decent , entrepreneurs like Gianni in this country today .
When did we stop teaching our children ethics and responsibility for their actions ?
Helping others to help themselves used to be the finest part of the American character .
Encouraging our people to live on the dole is contrary to everything our founders espoused .
It is wrong .
It is equally wrong to bail out our lenders and brokers with our tax money .
Their stupidity and greed should never be rewarded .
If they fail , so be it .
If our economy sinks to another awful depression , so be it .
Perhaps the pain will strengthen our backbones and restore some of the self - reliance we 've lost .
Gianni is fortunate he can not see how badly his bank has failed its original mandate .
PD , Dallas , Tx USA
The current economic crisis and role of banksters tell us that more regulatory control need to be established in US financial affairs .
One could be surprised that how come all of this mess is being discovered now in such a short period of time and why none of the US authorities had no how about this in the past many years .
Zakir Mohammed Hashmi , Pakistan
A month or two ago I watched an excellent program about the 1929 crash .
I recall a quote from Al Capone , to paraphrase , that he did not invest in the stock market because there was a bunch of crooks on Wall Street .
Eugene W Stunard , Chicago , USA
It 's a sad commentary on America that people like Bill Gates with gobs of money want to spend it in Africa instead of in their own country .
Think of all the public schools which could be upgraded with his billions .
Instead , we have to go into debt to do it , and if anyone talks about raising taxes on the rich , you 'd think they were suggesting that people come to take away the rich children 's Christmas presents by the reaction you get from rich people .
George Robertson , Culpeper , VA A great example of responsible banking , and a realisation by an individual that he did not need millions or billions to live a comfortable life .
The moral of this story is that he saw that his gain was someone else 's loss .
How anyone can sit comfortably in the knowledge that they have millions , yet millions have nothing is beyond me .
I can only assume they are sick people .
We all see today the result of pure unadulterated greed and where it ends .
Social unrest , social deprivation and global melt down , will money protect you ?
No you will be the first targets - people in great need will target those that have abused them , look at history .
Time for more people like AP .
Mick , Kings Lynn , Norfolk , UK Is n't it amazing what capitalism accomplished before governmental regulation encouraged dependency of governmental programs ( e.g. the Community Reinvestment Act ) ?
Capitalism promotes the growth of wealth and legitimises it .
Social engineering does not , and cannot .
Joe Roberts , Jackson USA
" Held up by rubberneckers ? "
Not since about 1950 .
In current parlance , " There was a gapers ' block . "
RE Brining , Monticello , IN , US What a beautiful story .
However , over here we refer to it as just " Bank of America , " not " the Bank of America " .
Thomas , New York , NY
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Admittedly , a few of a us did a " WTF ? " double - take when Electronic Arts said it would be bringing their third - person action - horror titleto the Wii .
But it 's happening , and here are your first details ...
The game will be called Dead Space Extraction , and will act as a prequel to the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions that hit shelves late last year .
The game tells the story of space colonists trying to escape an infection on Aegis VII , a space mining colony , introducing a new female character into the mix .
The game will feature new weapons , new enemies , puzzle , and -- here 's a big one -- cooperative multiplayer .
Dead Space Extraction will , of course , be all motion - controlley ; EA has n't revealed how they 'll implement that into the game , however .
The trailer ( after the jump ) shows us little -- it 's a cacophony of space horrors ! -- but has some thinking the game may be play out light - gun - style , a la Resident Evil Umbrella Chronicles .
We should know more soon ; Dead Space Extraction is scheduled for a fall release .
Warning : Mega - banks Could Fail Despite Federal Bailouts
Martin Weiss writes :
The time has come to issue one of my sternest warnings to date : Bank of America and Citigroup could fail despite the most radical government rescues of all time .
Right now , after recent close calls with instant death , these two megabanks are on life support , receiving massive transfusions of government capital .
But they 're still hemorrhaging , and no one in Washington has found a cure .
Already , they have received capital injections of $ 90 billion ( $ 45 billion each ) .
Already , this bailout is larger than the total combined capital of PNC Bank , Suntrust Bank and State Street Bank — all among America 's ten largest .
Yet , ironically , that $ 90 billion is still a drop in the ocean compared to their massive exposure to risky assets .
The shocking facts revealed in the banks ' own balance sheets and in the OCC's Quarterly Report demonstrate the enormity of problem :
Massive Risks at America 's Megabanks
( bill. of dollars ) B of A Citi B of A + Citi JPM
9/30/2008
Total assets
1,831 2,050 3,881 2,251 All derivatives 38,186 39,979 78,165 91,339 Credit default swaps 3,291 2,467 5,758 9,250 Exposure to defaults by trading partners 177.6 % 259.5 % 400.2 %
Fact # 1 .
Too big to save .
Bank of America Corp. and Citigroup , Inc. have combined assets of $ 3.9 trillion , or 43 times the size of the Treasury bailout funds they 've received to date .
Fact # 2 . Bigger losses ahead .
Even before any further declines in the economy , an unusually large portion of their assets are already in grave jeopardy — commercial real estate loans going sour , credit cards loans tanking , auto loans sinking , and residential mortgages turning to dust .
Now , as the economy continues to tumble , avoiding much larger losses will be almost impossible .
Fact # 3 . Big derivatives players .
Bank of America and Citigroup are the nation 's second and third largest high - rollers in the derivatives market , with a combined total of $ 78 trillion in these bets outstanding .
That 's over ten times the derivatives that Lehman Brothers had on its books when it failed last year .
Fact # 4 .
They 've bet far too much on each other 's failure .
Bank of America and Citigroup are also the second and third largest participants in the most dangerous derivatives of all — credit default swaps .
These are the big bets that financial institutions make on the failure of other major companies .
But participants in this market are like shipwrecked sailors in a sinking lifeboat betting fortunes on who will live and who will survive :
If a company bets too heavily on failures and too many companies actually fail , who 's going to make good on those bets ?
And unfortunately , betting on each other 's demise in huge amounts is exactly what the nation 's megabanks have done .
At their latest reckoning , Bank of America and Citigroup held credit default swaps with notional values of $ 2.5 trillion and $ 3.3 trillion , respectively .
( See OCC report , pdf page 23 . )
Total between the two :
An astounding $ 5.8 trillion !
This number is not directly comparable to capital .
But just to give you a sense of the magnitude of the problem , Bank of America and Citigroup 's combined credit default swaps are more than sixty times larger than the $ 90 billion they 've received so far in capital infusions from the Treasury Department .
Fact # 5 . JPMorgan
Chase is not far behind .
Right now , Washington and Wall Street are still counting on at least JPMorgan Chase to pick up the pieces after major failures and shotgun mergers .
But according to the OCC , among the three megabanks , JPMorgan Chase is actually the most heavily leveraged , with over 400 % of its capital already exposed to the risk of default by trading partners .
Bank of America 's and Citigroup 's exposure ( 177.6 % and 259.5 % , respectively ) is also wild , but JPMorgan Chase 's exposure is obviously far greater .
Fact # 6 . JPMorgan
Chase 's derivatives could double the size of the banking crisis overnight .
On the day that JPMorgan Chase needs to join the ailing Bank of America and Citigroup in Uncle Sam 's intensive care unit , the derivatives mess doubles immediately .
Reason :
The bank has $ 9.2 trillion in credit default swaps , almost twice as much as Bank of America and Citigroup combined .
Fact # 7 .
Stocks crashing .
Shares in failed banks are worth zero , and that 's where Bank of America 's are headed .
Citigroup 's are already close , making it almost impossible for the company to raise capital from investors .
In light of these facts , how can the government save America 's megabanks ?
Wall Street is hoping that the Obama administration will create a separate , government - run “ bad bank ” to take bad assets off their hands .
And some pundits are even proposing that the U.S. government nationalize the big banks in trouble .
But …
Neither approach addresses the obvious reason our nation 's banks are in the ICU to begin with : Excess debts and risk - taking .
In fact , these “ solutions ” would merely pile on more of the same .
Meanwhile …
Both approaches spread and transform the contagion from a Wall Street debt crisis into a Washington debt crisis , as the federal deficit explodes to as much as $ 2 trillion in fiscal 2009 .
My Forecast : Washington Will Ultimately Lose This Epic Battle !
No matter what the government does , it cannot patch back together the busted market for mortgages , derivatives and especially credit default swaps .
It cannot stop a pandemic of loan losses among large AND small banks as the economy sinks and traditional bank lending goes bad .
It cannot stop the contagion of falling confidence , fear and panic .
It can not outlaw gravity or stop investors from selling .
Nor can it turn back the clock and reverse years of financial sins .
So do n't count on Uncle Sam to save your bank , your business , or the economy .
Keep up to 90 % of your money in cash .
Avoid bank deposits as much as possible , using mostly short - term Treasury bills or equivalent .
Above all , focus on building up your own resources and finding alternative sources of income or profits .
For specific instructions on precisely how , click here for our free one - hour video , “ 7 Startling Forecasts for 2009 . ”
But you do n't have much time ; it goes offline tomorrow .
Good luck and God bless !
Martin
This investment news is brought to you by Money and Markets .
Money and Markets is a free daily investment newsletter from Martin D. Weiss and Weiss Research analysts offering the latest investing news and financial insights for the stock market , including tips and advice on investing in gold , energy and oil .
Dr. Weiss is a leader in the fields of investing , interest rates , financial safety and economic forecasting .
To view archives or subscribe , visit http://www.moneyandmarkets.com .
Money and Markets Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
Lisa LaMagna
28 Jan 09 , 21:10 T - Bills vs. cash " in the bank "
You may be quite right .
Now I am researching buying T - Bills directly from Treasury Direct ( online ) .
I do n't ever want to find out how an FDIC bailout is going to cover our country 's deposits .
Blind man turned away from Indian restaurant after owner says guide dog is against his Muslim beliefs
Furious : Alun Elder - Brown with Finn
A blind man was allegedly turned away from an Indian restaurant - because the owner said it was against his Muslim beliefs to allow dogs into his establishment .
Alun Elder - Brown , who was among a party of birthday guests , said he was even threatened with a police call if his guide dog Finn did n’t leave – despite showing an animal permit .
The 51 - year - old sales executive is now planning to sue the Kirthon Restaurant in affluent Tunbridge Wells , Kent .
If a court finds they breached the Disability Discrimination Act , bosses could be forced to pay him compensation .
Mr Elder - Brown said today : ‘ It was humiliating and degrading , especially as there were a lot of people around me .
' They told me we could n’t come in because it was against their religious beliefs to have a dog in the restaurant .
‘ They then said I could leave Finn tied up outside .
I stayed calm but when they said they would call police I left . ’
Mr Elder - Brown was celebrating a friend ’s birthday on Saturday night with his five - year - old daughter when he was shown the door .
Staff allegedly refused to let them stay even when he showed his Institute of Environmental Health Officers card that certifies he and his dog are allowed into any premises .
Restaurant :
The owner of the Kirthon said it was against his faith to let dogs in
He said : ‘ It was horrible .
It put a dampener on the whole celebration .
‘ I do n’t want to be a torch - bearer for guide dogs but this sort of behaviour has got to stop . ’
He added that he is pursuing legal action under the Disability Discrimination Act , which has made it unlawful since 1996 for restaurants to refuse to serve a disabled person - including blind people with guide dogs .
Chris Dyson , of blind charity Guide Dogs , said : ‘ We are extremely disappointed that Alun was refused access to this restaurant .
‘ Alun ’s guide dog provides him with independence and it is unacceptable if this freedom is removed because of the attitude of service providers .
‘ Guide dogs are well - groomed and are trained to sit at their owner ’s feet , not climb on seats or bother other customers . ’
The brother of Kirthon ’s owner , Amenur Abdussamad , confirmed it was against their religious beliefs to allow a dog in the restaurant .
Justice Department probe blasts
Bush lawyers over ' torture ' memos RAW STORY
Published : Sunday February 15 , 2009
Print This Email This Ex-Bush administration lawyers who crafted the legal framework for waterboarding and other interrogation tactics  and assert that they do not constitute torture  may be on the verge of a bit of legal trouble themselves .
At least three former top Bush lawyers face possible disciplinary action from state bar associations for what a former Justice Department official has called " deeply flawed " and " sloppily reasoned " legal analysis .
Jay Bybee and John
Yoo  who wrote last month that Bush 's torture programs were initially designed to outwit crafty defense attorneys  have been " sharply criticized " in an internal Justice Department report , according to Newsweek .
A draft of the report from the Office of Professional Responsibility , the department 's watchdog unit , was submitted during the waning days of the Bush administration , but former Attorney General Michael Mukasey objected to it , according to the story .
Mukasey and his deputy wanted the report to contain responses from Bybee and Yoo , along with Steven Bradbury , chief of the Office of Legal Counsel ( OLC ) at the time the report was submitted .
The OPR is now working to include the ex-officials ' responses before presenting a final version to Attorney General Eric Holder Jr .
The OPR is now working to include the ex-officials ' responses before presenting a final version to Attorney General Eric Holder Jr. If Holder accepts the report 's findings , it could be forwarded to state bar associations .
Early last year , House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers threatened to subpoena several former officials in the Bush administration  including
Yoo  if they did not agree to testify about their roles in the preparation of the so - called " torture memos " that authorized severe interrogation tactics in the war on terror .
Last month , with days left in office and an abysmal approval rating , President Bush defended the use of waterboarding and other controversial tactics , saying " the techniques were necessary and are necessary . "
InfoQ Homepage Presentations Ruby VMs : A Comparison
A look at the different Ruby virtual machines ( JRuby , MagLev , IronRuby , Rubinius , MacRuby ) and how to choose what fits best within the enterprise .
Jason Seifer is a web developer and 1/2 of RailsEnvy.com , where he helps produce a weekly news podcast for Ruby and Ruby on Rails developers .
His programming interests include Ruby , Rails , Javascript , full text search , and Objective -C .
About the conference
QCon is a conference that is organized by the community , for the community .
The result is a high quality conference experience where a tremendous amount of attention and investment has gone into having the best content on the most important topics presented by the leaders in our community .
QCon is designed with the technical depth and enterprise focus of interest to technical team leads , architects , and project managers .
The parent company of Australian car maker General Motors Holden will slash 47,000 jobs worldwide in the coming year , but it remains unclear how many local positions are under threat .
General Motors will lay off 26,000 workers outside the US as part of a plan to remake the company in exchange for massive financial aid , according to a document lodged this morning with the US Treasury .
But the carmaker says it expects Holden to remain viable , in part because of assistance extended by the Australian Government .
Holden 's plans for a new , more fuel - efficient car , financed with government help , should ensure that Holden remains a profitable arm of GM worldwide , the company said .
Holden is not ruling out cutting local staff .
Enlarge By Douglas C. Pizac , AP N.Y .
Boy Scout Shawn Goldsmith earned all 121 merit badges , like these seen here , a rare feat .
NEW YORK ( AP )  A Long Island teenager has earned all 121 merit badges offered by the Boy Scouts of America .
It 's an accomplishment the local arm of the organization calls " an almost unheard - of feat . "
Oceanside resident Shawn Goldsmith earned his final badge — for bugling — in time for his 18th birthday in November .
He far surpassed the 21 badges required to achieve the elite rank of Eagle Scout .
He says he took about five years to earn his first 62 badges and then nearly doubled that number in a matter of months .
He did it with the encouragement of his grandmother , who died shortly before he reached his goal .
The Binghamton University freshman was awarded his final badges on Dec. 19 .
He says he hopes to become a businessman and politician .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Every year Open Source technology is improved and extended .
This post sheds some light on new technologies which might arrive in 2009 .
Btrfs
With ext4 a new file just left the developer corner .
However , ext4 is an old - style file system and does not offer “ hot ” features like on - line snap shots , versioning and so on .
ZFS does , but it is not an option for Linux due to licence reasons .
Here comes
Btrfs into play : it is in development for quite some time now and many Kernel developers already asked to include Btrfs in the Kernel to speed up the development process .
Additionally , several Kernel developers already mentioned that they expect Btrfs to be the next generation default file system for Linux in the mid-term .
In 2009 Btrfs will most likely stabilize its file system format and publish a beta version for testing purposes .
o Virt
o Virt is a small host image that provides libvirt services and hosts virtual machines .
Additionally it also has a well designed web based management system .
The aim is to provide an enterprise ready VM management console capable of managing large sever clusters hosting large numbers of virtual machines , but is also supposed for single users .
In 2009 oVirt will hopefully see its first beta release ready for first real - world - like tests .
Additionally , with some luck , it might be bundled with openfiler to ease the storage management .
Last but not least it could include support for Xen in a future version .
OpenGL 3.0
The release of OpenGL 3.0 this year was rather surprising : it was delayed for almost a year without any notice at all , which is usually a clear sign that a project is dead .
However , left aside the question if the OpenGL 3.0 release is the beginning of a new era or or just a last breath of the project , OpenGL 3.0 is now out in the wild and the Free Software community will adopt it sooner or later .
While Nvidia has already released a first version of an OpenGL 3.0 capable driver the FLOSS OpenGL implementation Mesa has n’t released anything yet .
But Mesa is alive and vibrant again since 2007 and a new release can be expected in the near future .
Also likely is that AMD / ATI will release a new version of their OpenGL stack featuring the newest OpenGL spec .
I would like to see AMD / TI team up with Mesa on that one but that ’s just a wish , I ’m afraid .
So in 2009 we will see OpenGL 3.0 coming to the masses – in proprietary as well as in Free drivers .
This way newest graphics card technology will come to Linux and application developers can built upon that .
Gallium
Simply said , Gallium3D is an attempt to make graphics card driver development on Linux much easier : it abstracts the driver development from the underlying graphics standard implementation ( for example OpenGL ) .
Due to that abstraction , switching to another graphics standard should also be fairly easy .
That way it should be easier to write one single graphics card driver for different devices ( which do often need something else than OpenGL ) .
And in case OpenGL is really dead , it could be a way to more or less painlessly replace it with something new . 😉
Right now Gallium3D is in heavy development and we yet have to see it in the wild .
There are only few drivers ported to it and I have n’t seen any distribution shipping it yet .
In 2009 this could switch : a first testing release for the broader masses is likely , and it could speed up the development of drivers for Gallium3D .
Gem and KMS
Speaking about graphics , there are other things which are in development and which are already surfacing here and there : the new graphics memory manager GEM .
Using GEM the graphics cards does not have to be re-initialized as soon as you switch to another application .
Also , everything will be written to the memory and the composition manager can simply access it there , avoiding some problems current drivers have when for example running videos on AIGLX .
Besides , Kernel Mode Setting ( KMS ) will move other tasks of the graphic subsystem away from X towards the kernel .
As a result it will be much easier and flicker - free to switch from X to a tty console , and the graphical system will be able to show kernel oops .
Linux will get its own blue screen capability , finally !
These features have partially found their way into newer Fedora releases , but only for specific hardware and under certain conditions .
In 2009 it can be expected that the current FLOSS / Nvidia / AMD drivers will switch over to GEM and KMS to provide a much saner graphics experience to the user .
KDE 4.3 : Pimp your PIM
Curently KDE ’s PIM is in a difficult situation : Kontact is one of the best free groupware clients out there , but it was never designed to be one , and using it as such today can be an adventure .
To fix that Akonadi was created .
It was shipped with KDE 4.1 to back up Mailody , KDE 4.2 will see it the first time together with Kontact .
This will give the developers quite some time to sanitize and improve the Akonadi service as well as to add new plugins to provide something revolutionary right in time for KDE 4.3 .
In 2009 we will finally see a FLOSS groupware client which is working with a broad range of groupware servers , has a maintainable code base – and is perfectly integrated on all major platforms .
Qt on the mobile mass market
This year almost started with the news that Nokia acquired Trolltech .
Recently it was announced that Qt now runs on Symbian S60 .
Also , with the iPhone , Google ’s G1 and even a new Blackberry Nokia seriously needs a cool new device with fancy graphics and an appealing software platform .
Now put two and two together .
With a bit of luck we will see the first Qt - Nokia devices with multi touch screen in 2009 .
With even a bit more of luck , it will be shipped in a way that Qt developers can use the tools they are used to to develop software for the new platform .
Think of running KDE on these devices .
Gnome 3.0 development
In summer this year the Gnome developers started planning their next big release – Gnome 3.0 .
Currently not too many information have surfaced , but such breaks need their time .
A state tracker for the Gtk+ changes is online and shows that indeed some work is underway already .
In 2009 first Alpha release could surface to show in which direction Gtk+ and Gnome are heading , and how the transition progress works out .
That will definitely be an interesting time – the transition was a major task for KDE , and the Gnome team better takes a close look at that to learn from KDE ’s experience .
Conclusion
While I already called 2007 the Year Of Open Source Graphics , 2009 can become a good candidate for it as well .
In this post it got three paragraphs , and if everything comes true , 2009 will revolutionize the world of Linux graphics .
This will , however , happen mostly under the hood .
The users will not notice several fixes , but not the large underlying changes , which is different to 2007 .
But in general 2009 will be exciting in almost all FLOSS areas .
Keep in mind that this list is not and cannot be complete !
So I ask every reader to drop a comment here containing his or her tip for revolutionary changes or news in the FLOSS world in 2009 !
The shirtless bod of Matt Lauer fetches more money than Matthew McConaughey 's rippling chest -- or so the bidding on a recent photo of the " Today " show host proves .
The paparazzi pic of a well - sculpted Lauer frolicking in the surf with daughter Romy in Southampton , NY last Thursday triggered a bidding war .
A day later , the first day the snap hit the market , the price was $ 5,000 .
TMZ is also told that several tabloids that will hit stands Thursday scooped up the picture for a princely sum -- so you 'll be able to see Lauer in all his glory at the supermarket checkout line tomorrow .
By contrast , that other Matt -- McConaughey -- is legendary for his Adonis - like physique , but his shirtless pics typically fetch between $ 250 - $ 1000 apiece .
Call it a lesson in scarcity value :
It 's not that the 36 - year - old McConaughey is any less of a physical specimen , but when was the last time you saw a picture of Matt M. with his shirt actually on ?
Man Takes Star House Tour and Sees Suri Cruise
TMZ has spoken to a man who got a lot more than he bargained for when he passed Tom Cruise 's home on a Hollywood star tour .
The story was first told Tuesday on the popular " Kevin & Bean Show " on KROQ radio in Los Angeles .
The man , who asked to be identified only as " Frank , " and his girlfriend were visiting the girlfriend 's brother and sister - in - law , who live two blocks from Cruise 's Beverly Hills home , and went on a tour of some local stars ' homes .
When they arrived at Cruise 's house , one of them hit the buzzer on the security gate , and -- much to their surprise -- it opened .
They started driving up the driveway and the first security guard waved them on .
They could n't turn around because the driveway was narrow , so they drove to the top .
When they arrived at the top , they saw Katie Holmes holding -- you guessed it -- the ever - elusive Suri in her arms .
Frank says he and his companions were no more than five feet from the baby , and he tells TMZ that Suri looked " cute " and " perfectly normal . "
Tom , meanwhile , was playing with two older children ( presumably Isabella , 13 , and Conor , 11 ) on the lawn .
Cruise may have a little more time on his hands to frolic in the grass with his kids , now that he no longer works for Paramount Pictures .
At that point , security descended on the stunned quartet in the car .
The guards demanded to see copies of their driver 's licenses , but Frank 's sister - in - law refused to show identification and demanded the right to leave .
Frank says that security held them for about half an hour , and then ordered them to leave the compound .
Beyoncé's $ 3 Million Wedding Blow - Out
As befits a true superdiva , Beyoncé Knowles is sparing no expense when it comes to her late November wedding to rap mogul Jay -Z .
According to a report in this week 's Star ( via MSNBC ) , Beyoncé will be shelling out $ 3 million for the bash on the Caribbean island of Anguilla , a tenth of which -- $ 300,000 – will be allotted for the Beluga caviar alone .
Other culinary delights wil include lobster and Italian truffles , and Dom Perignon – not , of course , Cristal , which her fiancé has boycotted .
The Star also reports that Beyoncé 's famously micromanaging father Matthew initially was skeptical about the nuptials , but has now given the union his blessing .
What 's more , Oprah and UN Secretary - General Kofi Annan will be among the guests .
Superman Not Gay , But En-gay - ged
Brandon Routh – the latest actor to don Superman 's cape and tights – has gotten engaged to his girlfriend , actress Courtney Ford , according to People .
The couple have been dating for three years , and will be co-starring in an upcoming short film called " Denial . "
The wedding will be sometime next fall .
Routh proposed to Ford earlier this month with a ring from L.A. jeweler Neil Lane .
Routh and Ford met well before Brandon was a big movie star – in fact , he was tending bar at the rehearsal dinner for Courtney 's brother 's wedding when they were first introduced .
Routh has referred to Ford as his personal kryptonite .
" She brings me to my knees , " he has said .
Goodie Bag : Gisele is Loaded , Lance & Reichen Don't Like Their Digs , Beck Gets Fans to Design Album Cover , and Willie Nelson Stumps for Wild Horses
