MUMBAI : When 70 - year - old Laxmibai ( name changed ) first got a nose bleed , no one really paid much attention to it .
Only when the bleeding continued for five days and two hospitals could n't find the cause for it that her family took her to civic - run Sion Hospital .
The doctors there came up with the right diagnosis : she had maggots in her nose .
The doctors could not fathom how Laxmibai could have got the maggots in her nose .
The woman , a Bhiwandi resident , had an explanation though : a housefly had entered her nose on Monday , a day before she started bleeding .
She was taken to two other hospitals where she was given tablets and nose drops but none of the doctors could diagnose that the housefly 's larvae were at the root of all trouble .
" The fly laid eggs inside her nose .
We removed more than 40 maggots from her nose on Friday .
The worms had started feeding on her flesh , due to which the patient was bleeding and in pain .
Now we have cleaned the wound and she will be fine if there is no further infection , '' said Dr Mustafa Kapadia , ENT surgeon at Sion Hospital .
Chatrapati Bajage , Laxmibai 's son , said though she had insisted that the bleeding was due to the fly , they thought she was over - reacting .
" But her bleeding never stopped .
We got her to Sion Hospital and the doctors there told us that the fly had laid eggs in her nose .
They have treated her and now she is fine , '' he said .
A fly lays eggs in moist areas and the maggots break out of the eggs within eight to 20 hours .
Immediately , they start feeding on the place the eggs were laid on .
Generally , maggots infest an open wound .
" This was the third maggot incident in two months .
Mostly , we have beggars worms in their open wounds , " Kapadia said .
Portland ’s Ladd ’s Addition neighborhood was named one of the 2009 Great Places in America by the American Planning Association ( APA ) .
According to the APA , the Great Places program celebrates places of exemplary character , quality , and planning .
Places are selected annually and represent the gold standard in terms of having a true sense of place , cultural and historical interest , community involvement , and a vision for tomorrow .
One of ten 2009 Great Neighborhoods designees ( the other categories are Great Streets , and Great Public Spaces ) , the APA notes that Ladd ’s Addition is Oregon ’s oldest planned community , the housing stock includes stunning examples of Old Portland architecture , such as Craftsman , Mission , Tudor , and bungalows , and is noteworthy for innovative street design , walkability , and environmental stewardship .
Past Oregon winners of the Great Places designation include Pioneer Courthouse Square ( 2008 ) , and Lake Oswego ’s First Addition neighborhood ( 2007 ) .
Maryland Personal Injury and Auto Accident Attorneys
Welcome to our Web site .
Our goal at ODELUGO & JOHNSON , LLC is to ensure the complete satisfaction of every client , while offering knowledgeable and friendly legal services .
We know that you have a choice of attorneys in the area and we appreciate your consideration and patronage .
Our hope is that you 'll feel confident in our ability to meet all of your expectations and know that our clients are always our number one focus .
Our firm is unlike any other firm in the District of Columbia metropolitan area .
We are trial lawyers dedicated to protecting the rights of our clients .
We care about you and we are committed to resolving your matter .
Our firm proudly provides quality legal services to our community .
Our attorneys are experienced , aggressive , and compassionate .
Our goal is to please you .
Our attorneys and staff will return your call within one business day .
Our firm has collected millions for injured clients and have provided low cost services to low income families .
Our firm can assist you with not only your personal injury and medical malpractice matters , but also your family law needs , criminal matters , and civil disputes , as well .
If you do n't see exactly what you 're looking for here , please contact us and we will do everything we can to satisfy your needs .
If we can not help you , we will refer you to an attorney who practices in that area .
We have over twenty years of combined legal experience .
Committed to providing the highest quality of legal service in Washington , D.C. and Maryland , including Baltimore City , Baltimore County , Montgomery County , Prince George 's County , Washington County , Howard County , Anne Arundel County , and other counties .
We have a reputation for excellence and compassion .
Please take a moment to browse through our site to learn more about our firm .
If you have any questions or comments , please feel free to contact us 24 hours a day .
We look forward to hearing from you soon .
We welcome the opportunity to talk with you and to discuss how we may be of service .
When you enter the office of an attorney , you should feel a welcome and friendly atmosphere , not a stuffy and intimidating environment .
At Odelugo & Johnson , LLC , in Hyattsville , Maryland , we ensure that our clients ' first experiences are positive .
Long - lasting working relationships have resulted .
The lawyers at our firm focus on personalized service and accessibility to our clients .
We listen , answer questions and respond to any and all concerns related to a personal injury , family law , or business and family immigration legal matters .
Syndicalism : The Modern Menace to Capitalism ( 1913 )
by ( 1913 ) sister projects : Wikidata item .
Pamphlet published by Pamphlet published by Mother Earth Publishing Association , New York , in 1913 .
123403 Syndicalism : The Modern Menace to Capitalism Emma Goldman 1913
IN view of the fact that the ideas embodied in Syndicalism have been practised by the workers for the last half century , even if without the background of social consciousness ; that in this country five men had to pay with their lives because they advocated Syndicalist methods as the most effective , in the struggle of labor against capital ; and that , furthermore , Syndicalism has been consciously practised by the workers of France , Italy and Spain since 1895 , it is rather amusing to witness some people in America and England now swooping down upon Syndicalism as a perfectly new and never before heard - of proposition .
It is astonishing how very naïve Americans are , how crude and immature in matters of international importance .
For all his boasted practical aptitude , the average American is the very last to learn of the modern means and tactics employed in the great struggles of his day .
Always he lags behind in ideas and methods that the European workers have for years past been applying with great success .
It may be contended , of course , that this is merely a sign of youth on the part of the American .
And it is indeed beautiful to possess a young mind , fresh to receive and perceive .
But unfortunately the American mind seems never to grow , to mature and crystallize its views .
Perhaps that is why an American revolutionist can at the same time be a politician .
That is also the reason why leaders of the Industrial Workers of the World continue in the Socialist party , which is antagonistic to the principles as well as to the activities of the I .
W. W. Also why a rigid Marxian may propose that the Anarchists work together with the faction that began its career by a most bitter and malicious persecution of one of the pioneers of Anarchism , Michael Bakunin .
In short , to the indefinite , uncertain mind of the American radical the most contradictory ideas and methods are possible .
The result is a sad chaos in the radical movement , a sort of intellectual hash , which has neither taste nor character .
Just at present Syndicalism is the pastime of a great many Americans , so - called intellectuals .
Not that they know anything about it , except that some great authorities --- Sorel , Lagardelle , Berth and others --- stand for it : because the American needs the seal of authority , or he would not accept an idea , no matter how true and valuable it might be .
Our bourgeois magazines are full of dissertations on Syndicalism .
One of our most conservative colleges has even gone to the extent of publishing a work of one of its students on the subject , which has the approval of a professor .
And all this , not because Syndicalism is a force and is being successfully practised by the workers of Europe , but because --- as I said before --- it has official authoritative sanction .
As if Syndicalism had been discovered by the philosophy of Bergson or the theoretic discourses of Sorel and Berth , and had not existed and lived among the workers long before these men wrote about it .
The feature which distinguishes Syndicalism from most philosophies is that it represents the revolutionary philosophy of labor conceived and born in the actual struggle and experience of the workers themselves --- not in universities , colleges , libraries , or in the brain of some scientists .
The revolutionary philosophy of labor , that is the true and vital meaning of Syndicalism .
Already as far back as 1848 a large section of the workers realized the utter futility of political activity as a means of helping them in their economic struggle .
At that time already the demand went forth for direct economic measures , as against the useless waste of energy along political lines .
This was the case not only in France , but even prior to that in England , where Robert Owen , the true revolutionary Socialist , propagated similar ideas .
After years of agitation and experiment the idea was incorporated by the first convention of the internationale , in 1867 , in the resolution that the economic emancipation of the workers must be the principal aim of all revolutionists , to which everything else is to be subordinated .
In fact , it was this determined radical stand which eventually brought about the split in the revolutionary movement of that day , and its division into two factions : the one , under Marx and Engels , aiming at political conquest ; the other , under Bakunin and the Latin workers , forging ahead along industrial and Syndicalist lines .
The further development of those two wings is familiar to every thinking man and woman : the one has gradually centralized into a huge machine , with the sole purpose of conquering political power within the existing capitalist State ; the other is becoming an ever more vital revolutionary factor , dreaded by the enemy as the greatest menace to its rule .
It was in the year 1900 while a delegate to the Anarchist Congress in Paris , that I first came in contact with Syndicalism in operation .
The Anarchist press had been discussing the subject for years prior to that ; therefore we Anarchists knew something about Syndicalism .
But those of us who lived in America had to content themselves with the theoretic side of it .
In 1900 , however , I saw its effect upon labor in France : the strength , the enthusiasm and hope with which Syndicalism inspired the workers .
It was also my good fortune to learn of the man who more than anyone else had directed Syndicalism into definite working channels , Fernand Pelloutier .
Unfortunately , I could not meet this remarkable young man , as he was at that time already very ill with cancer .
But wherever I went , with whomever I spoke , the love and devotion for Pelloutier was wonderful , all agreeing that it was he who had gathered the discontented forces in the French labor movement and imbued them with new life and a new purpose , that of Syndicalism .
On my return to America I immediately began to propagate Syndicalist ideas , especially Direct Action and the General Strike .
But it was like talking to the Rocky Mountains --- no understanding , even among the more radical elements , and complete indifference in labor ranks .
In 1907 I went as a delegate to the Anarchist Congress at Amsterdam and , while in Paris , met the most active Syndicalists in the Confédération Générale an Travail : Pouget , Delesalle , Monatte , and many others .
More than that , I had the opportunity to see Syndicalism in daily operation , in its most constructive and inspiring forms .
I allude to this , to indicate that my knowledge of Syndicalism does not come from Sorel , Lagardelle , or Berth , but from actual contact with and observation of the tremendous work carried on by the workers of Paris within the ranks of the Confédération .
It would require a volume to explain in detail what Syndicalism is doing for the French workers .
In the American press you read only of its resistive methods , of strikes and sabotage , of the conflicts of labor with capital .
These are no doubt very important matters , and yet the chief value of Syndicalism lies much deeper .
It lies in the constructive and educational effect upon the life and thought of the masses .
The fundamental difference between Syndicalism and the old trade union methods is this : while the old trade unions , without exception , move within the wage system and capitalism , recognizing the latter as inevitable , Syndicalism repudiates and condemns present industrial arrangements as unjust and criminal , and holds out no hope to the worker for lasting results from this system .
Of course Syndicalism , like the old trade unions , fights for immediate gains , but it is not stupid enough to pretend that labor can expect humane conditions from inhuman economic arrangements in society .
Thus it merely wrests from the enemy what it can force him to yield ; on the whole , however , Syndicalism aims at , and concentrates its energies upon , the complete overthrow of the wage system .
Indeed , Syndicalism goes further : it aims to liberate labor from every institution that has not for its object the free development of production for the benefit of all humanity .
In short , the ultimate purpose of Syndicalism is to reconstruct society from its present centralized , authoritative and brutal state to one based upon the free , federated grouping of the workers along lines of economic and social liberty .
With this object in view , Syndicalism works in two directions : first , by undermining the existing institutions ; secondly , by developing and educating the workers and cultivating their spirit of solidarity , to prepare them for a full , free life , when capitalism shall have been abolished .
Syndicalism is , in essence , the economic expression of Anarchism .
That circumstance accounts for the presence of so many Anarchists in the Syndicalist movement .
Like Anarchism , Syndicalism prepares the workers along direct economic lines , as conscious factors in the great struggles of to - day , as well as conscious factors in the task of reconstructing society along autonomous industrial lines , as against the paralyzing spirit of centralization with its bureaucratic machinery of corruption , inherent in all political parties .
Realizing that the diametrically opposed interests of capital and labor can never be reconciled , Syndicalism must needs repudiate the old rusticated , worn - out methods of trade unionism , and declare for an open war against the capitalist régime , as well as against every institution which to - day supports and protects capitalism .
As a logical sequence Syndicalism , in its daily warfare against capitalism , rejects the contract system , because it does not consider labor and capital equals , hence cannot consent to an agreement which the one has the power to break , while the other must submit to without redress .
For similar reasons Syndicalism rejects negotiations in labor disputes , because such a procedure serves only to give the enemy time to prepare his end of the fight , thus defeating the very object the workers set out to accomplish .
Also , Syndicalism stands for spontaneity , both as a preserver of the fighting strength of labor and also because it takes the enemy unawares , hence compels him to a speedy settlement or causes him great loss .
Syndicalism objects to a large union treasury , because money is as corrupting an element in the ranks of labor as it is in those of capitalism .
We in America know this to be only too true .
If the labor movement in this country were not backed by such large funds , it would not be as conservative as it is , nor would the leaders be so readily corrupted .
However , the main reason for the opposition of Syndicalism to large treasuries consists in the fact that they create class distinctions and jealousies within the ranks of labor , so detrimental to the spirit of solidarity .
The worker whose organization has a large purse considers himself superior to his poorer brother , just as he regards himself better than the man who earns fifty cents less per day .
The chief ethical value of Syndicalism consists in the stress it lays upon the necessity of labor getting rid of the element of dissension , parasitism and corruption in its ranks .
It seeks to cultivate devotion , solidarity and enthusiasm , which are far more essential and vital in the economic struggle than money .
As I have already stated , Syndicalism has grown out of the disappointment of the workers with politics and parliamentary methods .
In the course of its development Syndicalism has learned to see in the State --- with its mouthpiece , the representative system --- one of the strongest supports of capitalism ; just as it has learned that the army and the church are the chief pillars of the State .
It is therefore that Syndicalism has turned its back upon parliamentarism and political machines , and has set its face toward the economic arena wherein alone gladiator Labor can meet his foe successfully .
Historic experience sustains the Synclicalists in their uncompromising opposition to parliamentarism .
Many had entered political life and , unwilling to be corrupted by the atmosphere , withdrew from office , to devote themselves to the economic struggle --- Proudhon , the Dutch revolutionist Nieuwenhuis , John Most and numerous others .
While those who remained in the parliamentary quagmire ended by betraying their trust , without having gained anything for labor .
But it is unnecessary to discuss here political history .
Suffice to say that Syndicalists are anti-parlarnentarians as a result of bitter experience
Equally so has experience determined their anti-military attitude .
Time and again has the army been used to shoot down strikers and to inculcate the sickening idea of patriotism , for the purpose of dividing the workers against themselves and helping the masters to the spoils .
The inroads that Syndicalist agitation has made into the superstition of patriotism are evident from the dread of the ruling class for the loyalty of the army , and the rigid persecution of the anti-militarists .
Naturailly --- for the ruling class realizes much better than the workers that when the soldiers will refuse to obey their superiors , the whole system of capitalism will be doomed .
Indeed , why should the workers sacrifice their children that the latter may be used to shoot their own parents ?
Therefore Syndicalism is not merely logical in its anti-military agitation ; it is most practical and far - reaching , inasmuch as it robs the enemy of his strongest weapon against labor .
Now , as to the methods employed by Syndicalism --- Direct Action , Sabotage , and the General Strike .
DIRECT ACTION .--- Conscious individual or collective effort to protest against , or remedy social conditions through the systematic assertion of the economic power of the workers .
Sabotage has been decried as criminal , even by so - called revolutionary Socialists .
Of course , if you believe that property , which excludes the producer from its use , is justifiable , then sabotage is indeed a crime .
But unless a Socialist continues to be under the influence of our bourgeois morality --- a morality which enables the few to monopolize the earth at the expense of the many --- he cannot consistently maintain that capitalist property is inviolate .
Sabotage undermines this form of private possession .
Can it therefore be considered criminal ?
On the contrary , it is ethical in the best sense , since it helps society to get rid of its worst foe , the most detrimental factor of social life .
Sabotage is mainly concerned with obstructing , by every possible method , the regular process of production , thereby demonstrating the determination of the workers to give according to what they receive , and no more .
For instance , at the time of the French railroad strike of 1910 perishable goods were sent in slow trains , or in an opposite direction from the one intended .
Who but the most ordinary philistine will call that a crime ?
If the railway men themselves go hungry , and the " innocent " public has not enough feeling of solidarity to insist that these men should get enough to live on , the public has forfeited the sympathy of the strikers and must take the consequences .
Another form of sabotage consisted , during this strike , in placing heavy boxes on goods marked " Handle with care , " cut glass and china and precious wines .
From the standpoint of the law this may have been a crime but from the standpoint of common humanity it was a very sensible thing .
The same is true of disarranging a loom in a weaving mill , or living up to the letter of the law with all its red tape , as the Italian railway men did , thereby causing confusion in the railway service .
In other words , sabotage is merely a weapon of defense in the industrial warfare , which is the more effective because it touches capitalism in its most vital spot , the pocket .
By the General Strike , Syndicalism means a stoppage of work , the cessation of labor .
Nor need such a strike be postponed until all the workers of a particular place or country are ready for it .
As has been pointed out by Pelloutier , Pouget , as well as others , and particularly by recent events in England , the General Strike may be started by one industry and exert a tremendous force .
It is as if one man suddenly raised the cry " Stop the thief ! "
Immediately others will take up the cry , till the air rings with it .
The General Strike , initiated by one determined organization , by one industry or by a small , conscious minority among the workers , is the industrial cry of " Stop the thief , " which is soon taken up by many other industries , spreading like wildfire in a very , short time .
One of the objections of politicians to the General Strike is that the workers also would suffer for the necessaries of life .
In the first place , the workers are past masters in going hungry ; secondly , it is certain that a General Strike is surer of prompt settlement than an ordinary strike .
Witness the transport and miner strikes in England : how quickly the lords of State and capital were forced to make peace !
Besides , Syndicalism recognizes the right of the producers to the things which they have created ; namely , the right of the workers to help themselves if the strike does not meet with speedy settlement .
When Sorel maintains that the General Strike is an inspiration necessary for the people to give their life meaning , he is expressing a thought which the Anarchists have never tired of emphasizing .
Yet I do not hold with Sorel that the General Strike is a " social myth , " that may never be realized .
I think that the General Strike will become a fact the moment labor understands its full value --- its destructive as well as constructive value , as indeed many workers all over the world are beginning to realize .
These ideas and methods of Syndicalism some may consider entirely negative , though they are far from it in their effect upon society to - day .
But Syndicalism has also a directly positive aspect .
In fact , much more time and effort is being devoted to that phase than to the others .
Various forms of Syndicalist activity are designed to prepare the workers , even within present social and industrial conditions , for the life of a new and better society .
To that end the masses are trained in the spirit of mutual aid and brotherhood , their initiative and self - reliance developed , and an esprit de corps maintained whose very soul is solidarity of purpose and the community of interests of the international proletariat .
Chief among these activities are the mutualitées , or mutual aid societies , established by the French Syndicalists .
Their object is , foremost , to secure work for unemployed members , and to further that spirit of mutual assistance which rests upon the consciousness of labor 's identity of interests throughout the world .
In his " The Labor Movement in France , " Mr. L. Levine states that during the year 1902 over 74,000 workers , out of a total of 99,000 applicants , were provided with work by these societies , without being compelled to submit to the extortion of the employment bureau sharks .
These latter are a source of the deepest degradation , as well as of most shameless exploitation , of the worker .
Especially does it hold true of America , where the employment agencies are in many cases also masked detective agencies , supplying workers in need of employment to strike regions , under false promises of steady , remunerative employment .
The French Confédération had long realized the vicious rôle of employment agencies as leeches upon the jobless worker and nurseries of scabbery .
By the threat of a General Strike the French Syndicalists forced the government to abolish the employment bureau sharks , and the workers ' own mutualitées have almost entirely superseded them , to the great economic and moral advantage of labor .
Besides the mutualitées , the French Syndicalists have established other activities tending to weld labor in closer bonds of solidarity and mutual aid .
Among these are the efforts to assist workingmen journeying from place to place .
The practical as well as ethical value of such assistance is inestimable .
It serves to instill the spirit of fellowship and gives a sense of security in the feeling of oneness with the large family of labor .
This is one of the vital effects of the Syndicalist spirit in France and other Latin countries .
What a tremendous need there is for just such efforts in this country !
Can anyone doubt the significance of the consciousness of workingmen coming from Chicago , for instance , to New York , sure to find there among their comrades welcome lodging and food until they have secured employment ?
This form of activity is entirely foreign to the labor bodies of this country , and as a result the traveling workman in search of a job --- the " blanket stiff " --- is constantly at the mercy of the constable and policeman , a victim of the vagrancy laws , and the unfortunate material whence is recruited , through stress of necessity , the army of scabdom .
I have repeatedly witnessed , while at the headquarters of the Confédération , the cases of workingmen who came with their union cards from various parts of France , and even from other countries of Europe , and were supplied with meals and lodging , and encouraged by every evidence of brotherly spirit , and made to feel at home by their fellow workers of the Confédération .
It is due , to a great extent , to these activities of the Synclicalists that the French government is forced to employ the army for strikebreaking , because few workers are willing to lend themselves for such service , thanks to the efforts and tactics of Syndicalism .
No less in importance than the mutual aid activities of the Syndicalists is the cooperation established by them between the city , end the country , the factory worker and the peasant or farmer , the latter providing the workers with food supplies during strikes , or taking care of the strikers ' children .
This form of practical solidarity has for the first time been tried in this country during the Lawrence strike , with inspiring results .
And all these Syndicalist activities are permeated with the spirit of educational work , carried on systematically by evening classes on all vital subjects treated from an unbiased , libertarian standpoint --- not the adulterated " knowledge " with which the minds are stuffed in our public schools .
The scope of the education is truly phenomenal , including sex hygiene , the care of women during pregnancy and confinement , the care of home and children , sanitation and general hygiene ; in fact , every branch of human knowledge --- science , history , art --- receives thorough attention , together with the practical application in the established workingmen 's libraries , dispensaries , concerts and festivals , in which the greatest artists and literati of Paris consider it an honor to participate .
One of the most vital efforts of Syndicalism is to prepare the workers , now , for their rôle in a free society , Thus the Syndicalist organizations supply its members with textbooks on every trade and industry , of a character that is calculated to make the worker an adept in his chosen line , a master of his craft , for the purpose of familiarizing him with all the branches of his industry , so that when labor finally takes over production and distribution , the people will be fully prepared to manage successfully their own affairs .
A demonstration of the effectiveness of this educational campaign of Syndicalism is given by the railroad men of Italy , whose mastery of all the details of transportation is so great that they could offer to the Italian government to take over the railroads of the country and guarantee their operation with greater economy and fewer accidents than is at present done by the government .
Their ability to carry on production has been strikingly proved by the Syndicalists , in connection with the glass blowers ' strike in Italy .
There the strikers , instead of remaining idle during the progress of the strike , decided themselves to carry on the production of glass .
The wonderful spirit of solidarity resulting from the Syndicalist propaganda enabled them to build a glass factory within an incredibly short time .
An old building , rented for the purpose and which would have ordinarily required months to be put into proper condition , was turned into a glass factory within a few weeks , by the solidaric efforts of the strikers aided by their comrades who toiled with them after working hours .
Then the strikers began operating the glass - blowing factory , and their cooperative plan of work and distribution during the strike has proved so satisfactory in every way that the experimental factory has been made permanent and a part of the glass - blowing industry in Italy is now in the hands of the cooperative organization of the workers .
This method of applied education not only trains the worker in his daily struggle but serves also to equip him for the battle royal and the future , when he is to assume his place in society as an intelligent , conscious being and useful producer , once capitalism is abolished .
Nearly all leading Syndicalists agree with the Anarchists that a free society can exist only through voluntary association , and that its ultimate success will depend upon the intellectual and moral development of the workers who will supplant the wage system with a new social arrangement , based on solidarity and economic well - being for all .
That is Syndicalism , in theory and practice .
Economía
Al cierre de los primeros nueve meses del año el Covid - 19 ha pasado factura , al grado que el peso acumula una depreciación frente al dólar de 17 % .
There have been tears and anger in New South Wales schools after year 12 religion students were left stumped by a question in their final exam .
McAuley Catholic College student Lauren Priest says the final extended response question on the HSC exam was not based on anything they had studied in their curriculum .
" We were like , there 's a question in there that has got nothing to do with what we learnt , and everyone flicks to see the extended response , because that 's a big question and that 's the one that was written wrong , " she said .
" We were trying to explain to them what it was about because they obviously do n't know what the syllabus is , the supervisors , and it took a while for them to get around their heads , and for us to kind of calm down .
" So we did n't start for like half an hour after the start of the exam had started . "
She says the question began with a quote and then asked students to assess , in relation to the quote , how Christianity is a living religious tradition in the life of its adherents .
The HSC exam is worth 50 per cent of a student 's final mark .
Ms Priest says it was a nightmare situation for students .
" Half the year started to cry in there because it was so overwhelming that we 'd prepared so hard for something and then get in there for something that you can't answer , it 's like a nightmare , " she said .
" And so everyone was angry and I think some people did n't actually even attempt the question . "
But the NSW Education Board 's chief executive Carol Taylor is adamant the question was based on the syllabus .
" I 'm confident that the questions in the examination paper are all directly from the syllabus , it 's just that this year the examination committee used a different format for the question , " she said .
" They can either take a broad comprehensive view , or they can ask a more narrow question like they did last year . "
Ms Taylor says the Board of Studies does not re-sit exams .
" The board does not re-sit tests , what we do is we take on board the difficulty of the examination through the marking process and through our standard setting process , " she said .
But she acknowledges there have been complaints about the question .
" At the moment we 've got about 20 complaints , that would be about 10 per cent of the number of schools that conduct studies of religion , " she said .
" So we are aware that this is an issue , and we will just approach it as we usually do wih the best interests of the students at the centre of whatever we do . "
HAPPY HALLOWEEN !!!
Here are a bunch of dogs in Halloween costumes 😀
Harder Erections
Here we are going to assume you have no erection problems and can get an erection but you want to get one which is harder and lasts for longer .
Lets look at how to get a harder erection with 7 simple tips .
1 . Eat the Right Foods
You need to feed your body the right foods to get harder erections and we cover the diet you need to eat for harder erections on this site in great detail .
Here we will do a quick summary – make sure you get plenty of carbs !
Carbs give you energy and that 's just what you will need for a harder erection .
Do not eat food that is high in saturated fat , these foods will kill your sex drive and your erection .
They reduce testosterone levels and in addition the body has to work harder to digest the fat .
You wo n't eat perfectly every day as well so take a multi vitamin pill with zinc and a herbal sex pill to make sure your body is always getting good nutrients .
2 . Relax Your Mind Stress and anxiety , creates nervous tension and your body will then be drained of energy .
If you suffer from stress try and calm your nerves you can actually do this by practising regular deep breathing , meditation or even try a relaxing and gentle exercise regime , such as Yoga or Tai Chi .
You must n't let stress control you , you need to control stress and if you do , you will have a higher libido and a stronger erection .
3 . Exercise Your Body and Your Penis
It 's a fact that if you exercise your body regularly , you will tend to have more energy which leads to an increased sex drive , better erections and improved sexual stamina .
Keep in mind , men who engage in regular exercise , are less prone to erection problems than men that do n't .
You should try and exercise your abdomen because if you do , you will lose weight and gain strength in this key area of the body and the muscles , can focus on holding your erection rather than an overweight stomach .
Finally , you can actually exercise the penis itself with Kegel exercises .
These exercises , strengthen the muscles used for ejaculatory control so look them up , there easy to do and they work .
4 . Avoid Drugs Alcohol and Smoking
In terms of a harder erection avoid drugs ( prescription or recreational ) , smoking and alcohol which can all lead to a weak erection or many cases , excessive consumption can lead to impotence .
If you are on any prescription medications , check with your doctor to see if they can cause erection problems .
In terms of recreational drugs such as cocaine avoid them .
Drugs are not only bad for your erection , there bad for your long term health .
The occasional drink is OK but excessive alcohol consumption leads to “ brewers droop ” and long term alcohol abuse , can lead to an inflated prostrate gland and impotence .
Smoking , clogs the blood vessels and as a hard erection relies on strong blood flow , you need to stop smoking .
5 . Cut Down on Masturbation
All men masturbate now and again and any man who says he does n't is lying but one of the keys to getting a harder erection is not to engage in excessive masturbation .
When you masturbate and orgasm your body sees a depletion of chemicals and hormones .
If you masturbate excessively the chemicals and hormones remain depleted and this means , when you come to have sex with your partner , you will not have the nutrients in your body to give you a hard and long lasting erection .
There is nothing wrong with masturbating now and again but if you have been doing it to much stop .
The good news is it will only take you a few days , to regain correct hormonal balance .
6 . Choose Positions Wisely
If you want a stronger erection then you need to consider the effect of gravity .
Positions such as penetration from behind or the standard missionary position means you can use gravity to your advantage which allows more blood to enter the penis than a position when the women is on top .
If your partner is on top of you your penis is pointing upwards and gravity will work against you .
In addition , you do n't have so much control it's your partner who is and she may get a bit carried away and bring you to climax to quickly .
7 . Control Sensitivity
One simple way to reduce sensitivity is to wear a condom and while this is a sensible action to take with a sexual partner you do n't know , most men do n't want to do it with a long term partner because it reduces the pleasure from orgasm .
There are however two simple ways to control sensitivity getting the better of you and ejaculating to soon :
You need to learn how to control your breathing and if you do you can delay orgasm .
When you are just about to orgasm , your breathing gets faster as your heart rate increases so what you need to is slow your breathing down and breathe deeply , your heart rate will decrease and an orgasm can be prevented .
Think about something else for as you begin to feel yourself losing control and in danger of ejaculating to soon .
This actually works if you do it for a short period of time because you will momentarily be not focusing on sex and this will stop you losing control but wo n't stop you losing your erection .
By changing the focus of your mind away from sex , for short periods of time you will stop yourself from coming to soon .
Final Words
If you use the 7 simple tips above not only will you have a harder erection and be able to last longer in bed , you will also improve your all round levels of health and wellness .
Lasting Longer In Bed - Nitric Oxide and Erections - Increase Blood flow to the Penis - Best Erection Pills - Natural Erection Supplements - Stiffer Erections - Testosterone Erection
Sept. 23 , 2009  --
As texting and instant messaging became a way of life , a shorthand lexicon emerged to save time and stress on fingers .
Acronyms like LOL and TTYL replaced " laughing out loud " and " talk to you later . "
The letters OMG replaced " Oh , My God . "
Or did it ?
There 's debate on what the G in OMG really means .
Does it stand for " gosh , " or " God " ?
If it stands for " God , " is using it a sin ?
John Donvan spoke to a group of high school students from the Washington Hebrew Congregation youth group in Bethesda , Md. , about OMG and how it relates to the third commandment , which says , according to the King James version of the Bible , " Thou shalt not take the name of the LORD thy God in vain ; for the LORD will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain " ( Exodus 20:7 ) .
There are various interpretations of the commandment , but it is commonly defined as using the Lord 's name casually or irreverently .
Saying " Jesus Christ ! " in any way other than in praise is one example .
Watch the full story on " Nightline " at 11:35 p.m. ET
OMG has a number of meanings ranging from excitement to disbelief .
For a vast number of American teens , it has replaced the exclamation mark .
" You do n't think that you 're saying ' Oh , my God , ' " said Rachel Edelman , 15 .
" You 're just thinking ' Oh ! ' like it 's a surprise .
OMG .
It 's nothing to be thought about . "
Lexi Levin , 18 , describes herself as " an avid OMG user in text , " and she thinks using OMG is a long way from " Oh , my God . "
To her , it 's akin to golly , gee and gosh .
" That 's kind of how I think about it .
I do n't know if that 's a fair way to think about it .
But it 's how I make myself feel better . "
Julian Schneider , 14 , agrees .
" If you say something like ' Oh my God , ' then you 're using His name in vain , but if you 're saying something like OMG it 's not really using the Lord 's name in vain because you 're not saying ' Oh my God . '
It 's more like ' Wow. Really ? ' "
For hundreds of years , people have found ways to avoid using the Lord 's name in vain .
Words like gosh and golly , both dating back to the 1700s , served as euphemisms for God .
It is a Jewish tradition to write " G_d " to show respect .
Exclamations like " Oh , my God " and " Jesus Christ " were rarely used in polite conversation and drew rebuke when they were .
But that has changed in recent decades and art is imitating life .
The Parents Television Council reports that in 2007 , the most recent year for which they have data , 95.9 percent of uses of the word God on primetime network television were in vain .
' It No Longer Carries Any Weight '
Not surprisingly , texting slang , including OMG , has made its way into movies and television as well .
On TV , teen dramas like " Gossip Girl , " which features an unseen blogger who stirs up trouble in the lives of a group of upper crust young people , OMG is a frequent part of the dialogue .
The show , which airs on the CW network , caused a controversy in 2008 with a racy ad campaign showing characters locked in heated embraces and the letters OMFG .
The F does n't stand for fudge .
Meghan Siritzky , 15 , has a theory on the evolution of OMG .
" I think originally the term ' Oh , my God ' was probably a really heavy term .
To say that carried a lot of weight , but I think that over time if you say a word enough times it 'll lose its meaning .
If you say your name enough times , then it will start sounding weird .
And I think that kind of happened with the phrase ' Oh , my God . '
I think that people started using it so much that it no longer carries any weight and it does n't mean what it used to . "
How many times do you read or hear OMG in a single day ?
Do you think it constitutes using the Lord 's name in vain ?
If you 're not Christian or Jewish , do you temper your speech to avoid offending those who are ?
Watch the discussion unfold on " Nightline " at 11:35 p.m. ET
According to a story on CBS News , the House Minority Leader objected to the expansion of a House Bill to include sexual orientation .
The current law already includes class protections for national origin , race , religion , and color .
According to Boehner ’s spokesman , Kevin Smith , “ He does not support adding sexual orientation to the list of protected classes . ”
It would seem that the Minority Leader believes we choose to be gay or straight but are born Jewish / Baptist / Morman / Wiccan .
Because as we all know , it ’s way easier living in this world as “ a gay ” , so clearly we all chose to be gay .
Ok , sarcasm aside , how can he justify such an illogical position ?
Or perhaps he simply does n’t want his own hate to be covered by this law .
Post by Joe in Hotlanta on 10/14/09 at 6:06 pm
August 19 , 2009 I have now used Unity3D for the last 4 months and I really enjoy it .
From what I 've currently experienced , the engine is powerful enough for my needs and the development tool is fun to use .
I 've found the scripting part relatively simple and coherent for implementing what I 've needed so far .
The fact that multiple scripting languages are allowed is a little disturbing at first .
For now , I can't say if I prefer the simplicity of the javascript syntax or the rigor of the C# .
As I use and modify a lot of existing resources , I take them as they come .
So the result is a mix of the 2 languages , a situation that will probably need to be settled in the future .
The integration of art assets is clearly the place where Unity3D shines the most .
After years of Quake2 , Quake3 , Doom3 and Torque engine , it is as if I have entered a new world .
As far as I can remember , it was never so easy to take a 3D model character and integrate it in a game prototype .
In addition , the way the Unity3D editor works suits an incremental approach perfectly .
I can add feature after feature , and test the game continually .
What else ?
" Robust speech " must be protected even if it 's obnoxious , but no corporation -- unless it 's a news - media company , whose business is to facilitate free speech -- can be the kind of speaker or citizen the First Amendment 's framers intended to protect .
( Full article : 673 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
Both Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and the California Legislature recorded dismal approval ratings in the latest Field Poll .
The poll found that 27 % of respondents approved of the governor 's performance , marking a new low for him .
Schwarzenegger 's disapproval rating reached a new high , 65 % , according to the poll .
By contrast , a Field Poll in September 2004 showed the governor with a 65 % approval rating and 22 % disapproval rating .
The Legislature fared even worse compared with the governor .
The poll found that 13 % of respondents approved of the Legislature 's performance , while 78 % disapproved .
" Voters ’ current 78 % disapproval rating of the legislature is the lowest ever obtained by the Field Poll for that institution in measures dating back to 1983 , " the pollsters said in an analysis .
According to Field , the poll was based on a random sample survey of 1,005 registered voters in California and conducted between Sept. 18 and Oct. 5 .
-- Shelby Grad
Tracy Morgan : Nudity enthusiast .
Diabetic .
Published author .
Yes , you read that right .
The revelations in the 30 Rock star ’s new book , _ I Am the New Black_ , range from the tragic ( his father died of AIDS , he ’s been estranged from his mother for years ) to the ridiculous ( “ out - of - control Tracy ” is nicknamed Chico Divine ) to the downright predictable ( “ Everywhere I go there are no shortage of women I ’d like to get pregnant ” ) .
Intrigued , GQ scaled Mount Crazy to worship at the feet of the most anarchic voice on television — and to learn how his comedy is like a turkey , what Lorne Michaels has in common with Mike Tyson ’s trainer , and the virtues of audiences at Benihana .
One can definitely see the roots of your comedy in your dad .
In the book , you describe him pointing to the bleachers at your high school and telling you not just that you were conceived under the bleachers but that it was doggy style and he “ gave it to her good . ”
That ’s just nuts .
Yeah , man , that was my dad .
Man , he was honest .
He reminds me a lot of Richard Pryor .
He never lied to me about sex .
But I was a kid , you know — I was 12 years old !
I was like , What are you telling me this for ?
Can we talk about Lorne Michaels for a second ?
In the book , you write , “ Every Jewish man has to love one … ”
“ … nigger in their life . ” Yeah .
Lorne is my Cus D’Amato .
Lorne helped build my con? dence up , being in front of an all - white audience and all that .
And he told me when he hired me for Saturday Night Live :
You ’re not here because you ’re black ; you ’re here because you ’re funny !
** That ’s also where you met Tina Fey . **
She was n’t on SNL when I first got there , but we clicked right away .
She ’s a very dear friend of mine .
[ pause ]
I mean , do n’t get it wrong .
She ’s a married woman !
I ’m a 40 - year - old black man !
There ’s a lot of overlap between you and your 30 Rock character , Tracy Jordan .
How much of your life do you mine for the show ?
Tracy Jordan is a part of Tracy Morgan ; Tracy Morgan is not a part of Tracy Jordan .
Again : Tracy Jordan is a part of Tracy Morgan ; Tracy Morgan is not a part of Tracy Jordan .
I ’m not running around on the street in my underwear with a light saber .
A Cairns couple will face trial on charges of procuring a miscarriage .
Late last year , 19 - year - old Tegan Simone Leach found she was pregnant .
Ms Leach and her boyfriend , Sergie Brennan , 21 , consulted their mothers and , on the advice of their families , the couple decided it was best to end the pregnancy .
But rather than have an abortion in a public hospital or private clinic , it was decided Ms Leach should take the abortion drugs Misoprostol and RU486 at home .
Ms Leach has been charged with procuring her own miscarriage .
My heart beat against the wall of my chest .
I could feel it pounding , even over my ragged breaths .
I felt like I was suffocating , even though I was pulling in twice as much air as usual .
I knew I was having a heart attack , and that realization was fuel for the fire which coursed through my veins .
I made a decision .
I was not going to die here , laying on a bench .
“ We need to go to a hospital .
Now . ”
“
I made a decision .
I was not going to
die here , laying on
a bench
“
The concern written on my friends ’ faces told enough for me to know that I looked as bad as I felt , and with their support , I made my way to the car .
Shaun drove like a madman to the nearest emergency room .
Immediately I was processed and evaluated , then wheeled into a staging area where I had electrodes placed all over my body so that the doctors could read the signals my heart was putting out .
Blood was drawn , I was monitored , and cold stethoscopes were used .
It did n’t take long for the results to come back .
Less than an hour had passed before the nurse pulled open the curtain and stepped in .
“ Mr. Simmons , we ’ve determined that you ’re not having a heart attack ” .
I was stunned .
Speechless , really .
Every commercial I ’d ever seen on television matched all of my symptoms .
Every description I ’ve seen before and since has matched the sensations I had that night .
I had all of the outward signs , but none of the physical attributes of a heart attack .
So what had happened ?
All in the mind ?
The answer , determined my cardiologist , was stress .
Sure , it was n’t an easy diagnosis , or an immediate one .
I underwent multiple stress tests , including one where I was injected with radioactive dye so that the three dimensional blood flow around my heart could be monitored by a machine the size of a small room .
They tried very , very hard to find something wrong with me , but it was in vain .
Structurally , I was fine .
Mentally , I was stressed beyond the breaking point .
How is it that something that only exists in the indefinite recesses of a few hundred million neurons in my brain could wreak havoc and incapacitate my body in such a complete manner ?
Stress management
It ’s because my stress management up to that point was nonexistent .
My coping method would be to shove stress out of the way .
Move past it , compress it into a little bottle and ignore it .
That night , it refused to be ignored and it fought back .
I should consider myself fortunate .
The stress attack that night , and the tests that followed it , served as a warning .
My mechanisms for dealing with stress were badly out of kilter , and unchecked , it could get worse .
Much worse .
To investigate how bad it can get , lets examine how stress works .
Humans , like all animals , have a fight or flight reflex , keenly evolved over hundreds of thousands of years .
Originally designed to protect us from physical threats , this instinct is now triggered by psychological threats as well .
Anyone who has accidentally erased an entire directory ’s worth of important files can attest to this .
In addition to pure fight - or - flight stress , day to day situations apply mental strain and tax our body ’s resources .
Work is a large source of stress , since many times we perceive our professional ( and by extension , financial ) statuses to be at risk .
In addition , our personal lives and relationships are frequently a major cause of stress .
Stress is not , in and of itself , a bad thing .
We ’re designed to be able to handle a certain amount of it .
In fact , we require stress to operate at peak performance .
Many highly dynamic people will tell you that stress provides them the fuel they need to accomplish their goals .
Not everyone functions like that , though .
Stress has three phases on the body .
The general phase , sometimes called the “ alarm phase ” , is the initial response to the stress .
Flight or fight .
Some muscles tense , others loosen , and adrenaline enters the blood stream .
In short - term stress , this phase passes quickly and our bodies return to normal .
In longer - term stress , our body invokes coping mechanisms , and we start to adapt to the stress .
This resistance phase taxes our body ’s physical and mental reserves , and the longer it goes , the more stretched out and weary we feel .
The final phase is when our body is exhausted , and gives up fighting the stress .
We ’re no longer able to resist whatever is causing our stress , and we stop being able to deal with it .
The final stage is where we experience burnout .
We ’re far past our peak performance and well into misery .
Personally , when I get to this phase , I get irritable and hard to deal with .
I snap at otherwise normal requests , I ’m sullen , and generally not nice to be around .
You probably know how you feel when you get to this phase , and I ’m sure you do n’t like it any more than I do when it happens to me .
“
Extended periods of stress
can do a lot more than strain
personal relationships
“
Extended periods of stress can do a lot more than strain personal relationships .
It increases blood pressure , and over time , high blood pressure damages walls in blood vessels .
When the walls heal , scar tissue is left , and these stresses cause blockages similar to cholesterol build - up .
This is a very bad thing , because it can eventually cause a real heart attack .
Fortunately , even the hard chargers and workaholics among us can lower their stress levels and live healthier ( and longer ) lives .
James Manktelow , author of “ Manage Stress ” , advocates starting and maintaining a stress diary .
A spreadsheet would be ideal for this : in the first column , rank your stress from one , being the least stressful , to ten , being the most stressful .
Record what the stress was in the next column , and beside it , enter how the stress made you feel .
Make a column for the number of times you feel that particular stress , and increase the number each time you experience it .
In the far right column , record how you deal with that stress .
Sort your stress diary by the number of times you have experienced each situation , and make a note of the top entry .
This line represents your most frequent source of stress , and gives you a target to focus
on when removing stress from your life .
After recording your most frequent stressor , sort your diary by how stressful you rated each situation .
When complete , the top entry will be that stressor which causes you the greatest trauma .
Elimination
of its source will also provide you the single greatest relief .
You should make it a priority to eliminate these two top sources of stress from your life .
They cause the majority of damage to your health , and by eliminating them you will improve your overall stress level and well - being .
Take action and use one of these three methods of dealing with them :
Action oriented – Confront the root source head on .
If your stress is work related , deal with it directly .
Discuss the problem with your supervisor , explain how you feel , and be honest about it .
Ultimately , if your employer is unable or unwilling to improve your conditions , leave .
Your health is too precious to squander for a job that – in all likelihood – you do n’t like anyway .
– Confront the root source head on .
If your stress is work related , deal with it directly .
Discuss the problem with your supervisor , explain how you feel , and be honest about it .
Ultimately , if your employer is unable or unwilling to improve your conditions , leave .
Your health is too precious to squander for a job that – in all likelihood – you do n’t like anyway .
Emotion oriented – Attempt to change how you feel about the source of the stress .
Personal relationships cause a lot of stress , but lots of problems can be effectively dealt with by trying to change how you feel about the problem , rather than changing the problem itself .
Examine it from a different perspective , try to understand the underlying causes and tolerate their effects .
Attempt to be flexible in your outlook .
– Attempt to change how you feel about the source of the stress .
Personal relationships cause a lot of stress , but lots of problems can be effectively dealt with by trying to change how you feel about the problem , rather than changing the problem itself .
Examine it from a different perspective , try to understand the underlying causes and tolerate their effects .
Attempt to be flexible in your outlook .
Acceptance oriented – When all else fails , and you ca n’t change the problem or how you feel , accept the source of the stress .
Focus on surviving by building buffers between yourself and the source of the stress .
Cope any way you can until you can improve the situation .
Stress is powerful , for good or ill , and effectively managing it is key to maintaining a healthy life .
If you are having problems with stress in your own life , please contact a local stress counsellor or the human resources department of your company .
Help is available for people who need it .
You are able to defend yourself against the stresses of life .
You only have to make the first step .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China ’s air force deployed a “ magic - like ” range of chemicals and technology to clear Beijing ’s smoggy air for a grand parade marking the 60th anniversary of Communist China , state media said on Thursday .
Planes from the Chinese People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) air force fly in formation during a massive parade to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the founding of the People 's Republic of China , in Beijing October 1 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jason Lee
Chemists and officials worked for weeks on the country ’s most ambitious ever attempt at weather modification , with air force technicians fanning out across the region to help teams operate complex equipment , the official Xinhua agency said .
The evening before the parade chemicals were fired into the hazy skies , and a light rain washed the city clean .
Surrounding provinces had already been loading clouds with silver iodide and dry ice , to try and force rain to fall before it reached Beijing , the report added .
“ Only a handful of countries in the world could organize such large - scale , magic - like weather modification , ” said Cui Lianqing , a senior air force meteorologist who said the parade operation was the largest in China ’s history .
Contingency plans allowed for the teams to use one kind of chemicals to bring down rain in the parade area , and another to hold it off , he told Xinhua .
China has been researching cloud seeding and other weather manipulation techniques since the 1950s , but in the past has met with mixed success .
The opening to last year ’s flagship Olympic Games fell on a day when skies looked hazy despite a raft of anti-pollution and weather manipulation measures .
And a deluge in 2005 forced a hasty last - minute venue change for an outdoor ceremony featuring top Chinese leaders , even after organizers had been promised China could guarantee dry weather .
Cui said this year ’s plans dwarfed those for the Olympics , but despite their success he said there was still room for further improvements .
“ The technology we have mastered so far could only allow us to modify the weather to a limited extent , ” he told Xinhua .
“ There are many uncertainties up in the sky . ”
September 17 , 2009
YOUTH IN America will gain a better understanding and a new vision about life in occupied Iraq with the publication of IraqiGirl : Diary of a Teenage Girl in Iraq .
Early in the occupation , Hadiya , a 14 - year - old , began blogging from Mosul about her life .
Hadiya 's blogs , written in English with an American audience in mind , were later collected and published by Haymarket Books .
Teachers in the U.S. will find this book very useful in helping students understand and process issues regarding the occupation .
Some of Hadiya 's thoughts are universal among teenagers ; other concerns stand in sharp contrast to those of her intended American audience .
It 's precisely this contrast that will help an American audience empathize with her challenges .
Her fretting over her grades on her French and English examinations , eagerness to play with her young niece , fighting with her sister , and posting of pictures of favorite things and people will be familiar to all .
Her voice compels us to relate to her , and so her descriptions about life under occupation make it through the normal filters that we set up to protect ourselves from having to think about others ' tragedies :
Today is like every other day in Iraq .
No electricity , no fun and no peace .
Just explosions , destruction and " accidental killings . "
Believe me , I have n't gone out of the house for a long time .
But that 's ok , there is good news .
Maybe I can go to school next week ...
Last night when I went to bed , I was thinking about the silent life that we lived before .
No explosions !
No bullets !
How strange !
Now we can sleep with loud sounds .
They do n't prevent us from sleeping because it has become normal .
Something we hear all the time , like the sound of a bird .
IraqiGirl is full of witty humor and maturity beyond Hadiya 's years .
Her sense of humor is black and sarcastic , shaped by the events she deals with and her spirit of survival :
I told you before about the water in Baghdad - - that there was none in the days that we were there .
But I did n't tell you about the water we were drinking when it finally came out of the tap .
I studied in school that water does n't have a color , odor or taste .
From my tap , I discovered I was wrong .
So was I drinking water or something else ?
Review : Books IraqiGirl : Diary of a Teenage Girl in Iraq , edited by Elizabeth Wrigley - Field and John Ross .
Haymarket Books , 2009 , 100 pages , $ 13 .
Americans will also find the ethnic dynamics of Hadiya 's story interesting .
Mosul is a city with an ethnic diversity not unlike that of California .
Hadiya 's best friend is a Christian , and she describes how before the occupation , they lived " like sisters . "
But the war has brought on ethnic feuds and animosities that had been foreign to the Iraqi people .
WHAT CAN young people do to right grave injustices , to address problems that even adults can't solve ?
Hadiya grapples with the question of what to do when faced with a mighty force that steals the very freedoms fundamental to an adolescent 's quest to establish herself :
Do you know that Aya 's grandfather was killed last Thursday by one of the American soldiers ' bullets ?
When Aya is eight years old and asks me how her grandfather died , what will I answer her ?
What do you think I should answer her ?
When I tell her the American soldiers killed him , of course , she will ask me why and how and what did I do about that ?
The answer to her question is this post and the others .
I can answer her that I did do something about it .
I did what I could in that time .
I wrote in my blog about what is going on in Iraq .
Like young people everywhere , communication for Hadiya is part of her quest to find meaning in the world .
She is insightful and poetic :
Am I free and unrestrained
Or do I walk in chains ?
Do I lead myself in this life
Or am I being led ?
Am I the one who is walking on the road
Or this the road that is moving ?
Or are we both standing still ?
And is it time that is running ?
I wish I knew but I do n't know .
While many Americans may like to read a book filled with young and idealistic hope , the picture that Hadiya paints is quite complicated .
She is a survivor , and as such , has been able to keep her hope intact .
This book will provide the opportunity for her voice to be heard .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Mike Wooldridge
BBC world affairs correspondent , Ethiopia
Dying crops are giving greater urgency to Ethiopia 's battle to make its people less vulnerable to hunger - 25 years after the 1984 famine that killed an estimated one million people .
But the current food crisis - that Ethiopia shares with other countries in the region - also risks diverting attention and resources from protecting farming families against potential disaster .
It is God who has been feeding us all this time
Yangago Bunja
In two of the 12 districts of this part of southern Ethiopia , the authorities say there has been a complete failure of the latest maize crop .
They say other districts are relatively better off at the moment - but Wolayta has a population of about 1.6 million so any shortfall in food production can have a serious impact .
In Duguna Fango , one of the worst - hit districts not far from the local capital Sodo , farmer Yangago Bunja explained what the loss of his burnt and withered maize meant for his family .
Forty years old , he has eight children ranging in age from four months to 18 years old .
" We have nothing .
We have a really big problem , " he said .
The last three years had been the same , he said .
Mr Yangago said he had tried to fend for his family by working in other places as a daily labourer .
But his children were losing weight and two of them were sick .
He said sickness among the children was a problem for their whole community .
Abebech Adabbo and Abebech Tafesse say their children are suffering
The only other way he could get food was to borrow from somebody - but lenders want interest .
" It is God who has been feeding us all this time .
We are just praying , " he said .
On the way to Wolayta there are a good many other fields where the maize crop has been lost to a lengthy drought and erratic , inadequate rain - sometimes , oddly , right alongside a plot where the maize looks much healthier .
The failure of crops and the loss of pasture for livestock is sufficiently widespread in Ethiopia for an expected announcement by the government to call for emergency food aid to feed 6.2 million people .
Some aid officials believe that could prove to be a conservative figure .
And it is on top of the food aid to support more than seven million people under a scheme for those who are most chronically vulnerable to hunger during lean periods of the year .
It also comes as the UN 's food agency has warned that - across the world - there are more hungry people and there is less food aid than ever before .
Ethiopian officials accept that the devastating famine of the mid-1980s is part of the country 's history but they are anxious that the abiding images of starvation from that time should not be a prism through which the country 's prospects are viewed today .
Government spokesman Bereket Simon talks of the efforts being made to improve agricultural productivity , to conserve water and soil and generally to help farmers become more capable of resisting the more frequent droughts that are part of the impact of climate change .
Enabling more farmers to have the benefits of irrigation would , of course , be part of that , too .
Iconic image
In his hard - hit part of rural Wolayta , Mr Yangago says some farmers in the area now have pumps to irrigate their land but he cannot afford to do so .
And given that his main crop has now failed again , it seems even less likely to happen in the near future .
The maize farmers are in urgent need of rain
It is not just the strategies for supporting farmers with failing crops that will be tested in the coming weeks .
So will the new approach to trying to save the lives of children who become severely malnourished .
The feeding centres of the past were an iconic image of the 1984 famine .
They have given way to mothers collecting Plumpy ' nut - a mix of peanut butter , sugar and nutrients - from their local health post and feeding it to malnourished children at home .
The most vulnerable children are supposed to be sent to stabilisation centres .
Abebech Adabbo's 12 - month - old son is being treated this way .
The child has scarring on his head that a health worker said was the result of malnutrition .
And Abebech Tafesse hold her four - year old boy in her arms .
He still has thin legs but she fells he is improving .
The mothers said it was shortage of food that had weakened the two children - two among many on the front line as Ethiopia faces the challenge once again of preventing a crisis becoming something worse .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Nicholas Larkin and Pham - Duy Nguyen
Bloomberg
Tuesday , Oct 6th , 2009
Gold rose to a record on speculation that inflation will accelerate and erode the value of the dollar , boosting the appeal of the precious metal for investors seeking to preserve their wealth .
Gold futures climbed as high as $ 1,038 an ounce in New York , topping the previous record of $ 1,033.90 in March 2008 .
The spot price headed for a ninth straight annual gain , the longest rally since at least 1948 .
The dollar dropped as much as 0.6 percent against a basket of six currencies .
Copper , zinc and sugar have led a 2009 surge in commodity prices .
“ Gold is acting like the ultimate currency , ” said Chip Hanlon , president of Delta Global Advisors Inc. in Huntington Beach , California .
“ Central banks are following the same monetary course and trying to stimulate and inflate their way back to growth .
Everyone ’s concerned about the dollar but it ’s not like you can hate the dollar and fall in love with the euro or the yen . ”
Gold futures for December delivery traded $ 18.30 , or 1.8 percent , higher at $ 1,036.10 an ounce at 9:08 a.m. on the Comex division of the New York Mercantile Exchange .
Bullion for immediate delivery in London gained as much as 1.9 percent to a record $ 1,036.30 an ounce .
Full article here
Let us admit that some feminists have mistrusted love altogether , and have urged women not to allow themselves to fall under its sway .
One can always find such passages from some of the early radical feminists ( though Nehring is quite wrong to pin this view on Andrea Dworkin , who wanted to open a space for real passion by getting rid of the idea that the man is always entitled to use force to gain his ends ) .
And let us also admit that some feminists have at least suggested that correct sexual relations should not involve anything like abandon , or play with power relations -- a view that Nehring appears to target , albeit unclearly .
Some feminists may have been so severe in their critique of inequality that they insisted on too vigilant a control over people ’s unruly fantasy lives .
But the dominant view in feminism , I think , has been that the context of the relationship as a whole is all - important : in a context of mutual respect , intimacy , and trust , there is nothing problematic about experimenting with passivity , abandon , and temporary power and powerlessness .
Let us admit , too , that some feminists have wrongly criticized Mary Wollstonecraft for her passionate erotic life , in which she seems to them to be too susceptible , too lacking in pride .
To the extent that some feminists have said this , Nehring is right to point out that the energy of some of the best feminist work comes from a willingness to seek passion without self - protection .
On the whole , though , the idea that women who are romantic and sexually passionate cannot be real thinkers has come more from males than from females , as Nehring herself notes .
Men have had an irritating propensity to react to the presence of a sexually and romantically charged woman as if she were a source of trouble and confusion , and to feel that clear thinking can only take place if she is ushered out of the room .
But that is their problem , not ours ; and Nehring is right to say that women should never have listened to them .
Male artists , as Nehring emphasizes , have always been allowed to have love lives , and women should have demanded the same right from the start .
So I agree with Nehring that a productive feminism should not internalize the male critique of female sexuality , and that it should claim the right to equal erotic lives .
How far this is the problem of feminism , and how far it is just an understandable reaction to a real problem that women were having in the workplace , still needs to be determined .
What certainly cannot be maintained , however , is that the search for equality itself is the death knell of passion .
Nehring agrees that women did not get much opportunity to take risks for love until feminism came along : they were treated like property , and they could not really choose a mate for love .
They were subject to force , and this was taken to be normal , the way things were , especially in marriage .
Real sexual agency , for all but a lucky or privileged few , required feminism , with its insistence on the right to divorce , and its protection against marital rape , and increased attention to problems of sexual coercion in the workplace .
Nehring seems to grant this -- but then she should grant also that the entry of law into the domain of intimacy is not the end of romance , but its necessary condition .
Unless and until women can earn money without depending on men ; unless and until they can protect their bodies against assault , even in an intimate relationship ; unless and until they can protect themselves from unwanted pregnancy ; unless and until they feel free to go to the police when they have been assaulted -- unless all these conditions of freedom and autonomy are in place , the pursuit of adult romance may be jeopardized for many women .
Fear and silence will reign supreme .
Why were the students of my generation so joyful and so willing to accept risk ?
In part , because feminism had cleared a space for risk of the valuable sort , by beginning to control the bad and non-necessary risks that women used to run every day in a male - dominated world .
Institute for the Future teamed up with Sun Microsystems and Boing Boing Video to co-host the Digital Open , an online tech expo for teens 17 and under around the world .
We 're publishing an 8 - part series of videos profiling the winners .
Today , meet 16 year old Harry Lee of Melbourne Australia .
He talks with us about his " Sneaky Card " game concept , which explores social interactions between people .
He was inspired by ARG and indie projects like " Bite Me , " by Gamelab , and Jane McGonigal 's Top Secret Dance - Off , both of which we 've covered previously on Boing Boing .
" I love index cards , " says Harry , " And I was thinking — hmm , how can I incorporate them into a project ? "
So he designed and printed these game cards , and " spread the seeds of sneakiness and espionage " into the unsuspecting pockets , math books , binders and bags and jackets of his schoolmates .
I tracked most of the cards and found , with much satisfaction , that a majority of them had been passed down at least three times .
The most successful story is of the card passed from student to student three times before ending up in a math teacher 's jacket .
The teacher found it and gave it to another math teacher , who inserted it into a student 's corrected test before giving it back to him .
The card passed hands once again before I lost track of it .
Below , some sample cards in Harry 's game .
( Link to PDF ) .
More after the jump .
Remember how I said that Republicans were coming back to Washington with nothing to offer on health care ?
Obama said as much today in his Ohio speech to labor :
We ’ve never been this close .
We ’ve never had such broad agreement on what needs to be done .
And because we ’re so close to real reform , the special interests are doing what they always do — trying to scare the American people and preserve the status quo .
But I ’ve got a question for them :
What ’s your answer ?
What ’s your solution ?
The truth is , they do n’t have one .
It ’s do nothing .
And we know what that future looks like .
Insurance companies raking in the profits while discriminating against people because of pre-existing conditions and denying or dropping coverage when you get sick .
It means you ’re never negotiating about higher wages , because you ’re spending all your time just protecting the benefits you already have .
It means premiums continuing to skyrocket three times faster than your wages .
More families pushed into bankruptcy .
More businesses cutting more jobs .
More Americans losing their health insurance — 14,000 every day .
And it means more Americans dying every day just because they do n’t have insurance .
From Bloomberg , here ’s what Obama ’s talking about :
Employers kept Americans ’ working hours near a record low in August , signaling that economic growth is poised to reward companies with added profits while postponing any recovery in the job market .
The average workweek held at 33.1 hours , six minutes from the 33 hours in June that was the lowest since records began in 1964 , the Labor Department said yesterday .
The report also showed that while payrolls fell by the least since August 2008 , the unemployment rate rose to a 26 - year high of 9.7 percent .
( Emphasis mine )
From ABC :
Laid off eight months ago from her secretarial job at a health clinic , Mary Pat Didier , 60 , is preparing her five grandchildren for the possibility she might have to move away from her home in Rockford , Ill. , in hopes of finding employment .
Didier has begun applying for jobs in Chicago and in Milwaukee .
So far , no luck .
Her unemployment benefits are set to expire in January , but she hopes to qualify for extended aid .
She ’s burned through her retirement savings .
“ There ’s no place to go from here , ” Didier said .
“ I ’m too young for Medicare , but I ended up with no health ( insurance ) .
I get frustrated , but I ca n’t give up , so I try to not to dwell in it , ” she adds .
“ I finally know what it ’s like to live in the moment . ” ( Emphasis mine )
And while the jobs picture looks bleak , the Economic Policy Institute offers some sobering numbers on health care coverage :
• Drop in children covered through parents ’ employers , 2000 to 2007 : 3.4 million
• Share of people under 65 , with incomes in the top 20 % , covered by employers in 2007 : 86.4 % ; Share with incomes in the bottom 20 % , covered by employers : 21.9 %
• Share of Hispanic workers who are uninsured : 39.8 %
• Percentage of under -65 Americans with employer - sponsored health insurance in 2000 : 68.3 % ; In 2007 : 62.9 %
• Average monthly cost of COBRA with American Recovery and Reinvestment Act subsidy : $ 370 ; Without American Recovery and Reinvestment Act subsidy : $ 1,057
• Rise in out - of - pocket spending for the 1 % of adults with the greatest medical expenses , 2004 - 2007 : 42 %
• Increase in health care premiums since 1999 : 119 %
• Amount by which U.S. private health insurance administrative costs exceeded all Canadian national health spending in 2007 : $ 25 billion * *
• Share of total U.S. health care costs paid by private insurers in 2007 : 35 %
• Share of total health care costs paid by U.S. government in 2007 : 46 %
In other words , health care reform is the most important initiative Obama has going for American labor .
This is more important than the EFCA or card - check .
Unless reform can bring down health care costs , in a few years no one will be able to afford insurance , even if they have a job , because no company will be able to afford coverage .
They will go broke trying .
Auf Initiative von Mario Sixtus hat sich eine Gruppe von Menschen in den vergangenen Wochen und Tagen im Netz vernetzt , um der Debatte über den „ Untergang des sogenannten Qualitätsjournalismus “ und der latenten Internetfeindlichkeit in vielen Medien ein zeitgenössisches Manifest entgegen zu setzen .
Das Internet - Manifest „ Wie Journalismus heute funktioniert .
17 Behauptungen . “ erscheint heute um Punkt 11:55 Uhr ( Kurz vor 12 ) hier und an vielen anderen Orten im Netz , um einen zukunftsorientierten Standpunkt in die Debatte zu bringen .
Die Erstunterzeichner , zu denen ich auch gehöre , stehen am Ende des Textes .
Auf der Seite „ Internet - Manifest “ kann jeder ( bald ) gerne Mitzeichner werden .
Der
Text steht unter der CC - BY - Lizenz und kann zu den Bedingungen gerne und oft wieder verwendet und kopiert werden .
Internet - Manifest
Wie Journalismus heute funktioniert .
17 Behauptungen .
1. Das Internet ist anders .
Es schafft andere Öffentlichkeiten , andere Austauschverhältnisse und andere Kulturtechniken .
Die Medien müssen ihre Arbeitsweise der technologischen Realität anpassen , statt sie zu ignorieren oder zu bekämpfen .
Sie haben die Pflicht , auf Basis der zur Verfügung stehenden Technik den bestmöglichen Journalismus zu entwickeln – das schließt neue journalistische Produkte und Methoden mit ein .
2. Das Internet ist ein Medienimperium in der Jackentasche .
Das Web ordnet das bestehende Mediensystem neu :
Es überwindet dessen bisherige Begrenzungen und Oligopole .
Veröffentlichung und Verbreitung medialer Inhalte sind nicht mehr mit hohen Investitionen verbunden .
Das Selbstverständnis des Journalismus wird seiner Schlüssellochfunktion beraubt – zum Glück .
Es bleibt nur die journalistische Qualität , die Journalismus von bloßer Veröffentlichung unterscheidet .
3. Das Internet ist die Gesellschaft ist das Internet .
Für die Mehrheit der Menschen in der westlichen Welt gehören Angebote wie Social Networks , Wikipedia oder Youtube zum Alltag .
Sie sind so selbstverständlich wie Telefon oder Fernsehen .
Wenn Medienhäuser weiter existieren wollen , müssen sie die Lebenswelt der Nutzer verstehen und sich ihrer Kommunikationsformen annehmen .
Dazu gehören die sozialen Grundfunktionen der Kommunikation : Zuhören und Reagieren , auch bekannt als Dialog .
4. Die Freiheit des Internet ist unantastbar .
Die offene Architektur des Internet bildet das informationstechnische Grundgesetz einer digital kommunizierenden Gesellschaft und damit des Journalismus .
Sie darf nicht zum Schutz der wirtschaftlichen oder politischen Einzelinteressen verändert werden , die sich oft hinter vermeintlichen Allgemeininteressen verbergen .
Internet - Zugangssperren gleich welcher Form gefährden den freien Austausch von Informationen und beschädigen das grundlegende Recht auf selbstbestimmte Informiertheit .
5. Das Internet ist der Sieg der Information .
Bisher ordneten , erzwungen durch die unzulängliche Technologie , Institutionen wie Medienhäuser , Forschungsstellen oder öffentliche Einrichtungen die Informationen der Welt .
Nun richtet sich jeder Bürger seine individuellen Nachrichtenfilter ein , während Suchmaschinen Informationsmengen in nie gekanntem Umfang erschließen .
Der einzelne Mensch kann sich so gut informieren wie nie zuvor .
6. Das Internet verändert verbessert den Journalismus .
Durch das Internet kann der Journalismus seine gesellschaftsbildenden Aufgaben auf neue Weise wahrnehmen .
Dazu gehört die Darstellung der Information als sich ständig verändernder fortlaufender Prozess ; der Verlust der Unveränderlichkeit des Gedruckten ist ein Gewinn .
Wer in dieser neuen Informationswelt bestehen will , braucht neuen Idealismus , neue journalistische Ideen und Freude am Ausschöpfen der neuen Möglichkeiten .
7. Das Netz verlangt Vernetzung .
Links sind Verbindungen .
Wir kennen uns durch Links .
Wer sie nicht nutzt , schließt sich aus dem gesellschaftlichen Diskurs aus .
Das gilt auch für die Online - Auftritte klassischer Medienhäuser .
8. Links lohnen , Zitate zieren .
Suchmaschinen und Aggregatoren fördern den Qualitätsjournalismus :
Sie erhöhen die Auffindbarkeit von herausragenden Inhalten und sind so integraler Teil der neuen , vernetzten Öffentlichkeit .
Referenzen durch Verlinkungen und Zitate – auch und gerade ohne Absprache oder gar Entlohnung des Urhebers – ermöglichen überhaupt erst die Kultur des vernetzten Gesellschaftsdiskurses und sind unbedingt schützenswert .
9. Das Internet ist der neue
Ort für den politschen Diskurs .
Demokratie lebt von Beteiligung und Informationsfreiheit .
Die Überführung der politischen Diskussion von den traditionellen Medien ins Internet und die Erweiterung dieser Diskussion um die aktive Beteiligung der Öffentlichkeit ist eine neue Aufgabe des Journalismus .
10 . Die neue Pressefreiheit heißt Meinungsfreiheit .
Artikel 5 des Grundgesetzes konstituiert kein Schutzrecht für Berufsstände oder technisch tradierte Geschäftsmodelle .
Das Internet hebt die technologischen Grenzen zwischen Amateur und Profi auf .
Deshalb muss das Privileg der Pressefreiheit für jeden gelten , der zur Erfüllung der journalistischen Aufgaben beitragen kann .
Qualitativ zu unterscheiden ist nicht zwischen bezahltem und unbezahltem , sondern zwischen gutem und schlechtem Journalismus .
11 . Mehr ist mehr – es gibt kein Zuviel an Information .
Es waren einst Institutionen wie die Kirche , die der Macht den Vorrang vor individueller Informiertheit gaben und bei der Erfindung des Buchdrucks vor einer Flut unüberprüfter Information warnten .
Auf der anderen Seite standen Pamphletisten , Enzyklopädisten und Journalisten , die bewiesen , dass mehr Informationen zu mehr Freiheit führen – sowohl für den Einzelnen wie auch für die Gesellschaft .
Daran hat sich bis heute nichts geändert .
12 . Tradition ist kein Geschäftsmodell .
Mit journalistischen Inhalten lässt sich im Internet Geld verdienen .
Dafür gibt es bereits heute viele Beispiele .
Das wettbewerbsintensive
Internet erfordert aber die Anpassung der Geschäftsmodelle an die Strukturen des Netzes .
Niemand sollte versuchen , sich dieser notwendigen Anpassung durch eine Politik des Bestandsschutzes zu entziehen .
Journalismus braucht einen offenen Wettstreit um die besten Lösungen der Refinanzierung im Netz und den Mut , in ihre vielfältige Umsetzung zu investieren
13 . Im Internet wird das Urheberrecht zur Bürgerpflicht .
Das Urheberrecht ist ein zentraler Eckpfeiler der Informationsordnung im Internet .
Das Recht der Urheber , über Art und Umfang der Verbreitung ihrer Inhalte zu entscheiden , gilt auch im Netz .
Dabei darf das Urheberrecht aber nicht als Hebel missbraucht werden , überholte Distributionsmechanismen abzusichern und sich neuen Vertriebs - und Lizenzmodellen zu verschließen .
Eigentum verpflichtet .
14 . Das Internet kennt viele Währungen .
Werbefinanzierte journalistische Online - Angebote tauschen Inhalte gegen Aufmerksamkeit für Werbebotschaften .
Die Zeit eines Lesers , Zuschauers oder Zuhörers hat einen Wert .
Dieser Zusammenhang gehört seit jeher zu den grundlegenden Finanzierungsprinzipien für Journalismus .
Andere journalistisch vertretbare Formen der Refinanzierung wollen entdeckt und erprobt werden .
15 . Was im Netz ist , bleibt im Netz .
Das Internet hebt den Journalismus auf eine qualitativ neue Ebene .
Online müssen Texte , Töne und Bilder nicht mehr flüchtig sein .
Sie bleiben abrufbar und werden so zu einem Archiv der Zeitgeschichte .
Journalismus muss die Entwicklungen der Information , ihrer Interpretation und den Irrtum mitberücksichtigen , also Fehler zugeben und transparent korrigieren .
16 . Qualität bleibt die wichtigste Qualität .
Das Internet entlarvt gleichförmige Massenware .
Ein Publikum gewinnt auf Dauer nur , wer herausragend , glaubwürdig und besonders ist .
Die Ansprüche der Nutzer sind gestiegen .
Der Journalismus muss sie erfüllen und seinen oft formulierten Grundsätzen treu bleiben .
17 .
Alle für alle .
Das Web stellt eine den Massenmedien des 20 .
Jahrhunderts überlegene Infrastruktur für den gesellschaftlichen Austausch dar : Die „ Generation Wikipedia “ weiß im Zweifel die Glaubwürdigkeit einer Quelle abzuschätzen , Nachrichten bis zu ihrem Ursprung zu verfolgen und zu recherchieren , zu überprüfen und zu gewichten – für sich oder in der Gruppe .
Journalisten mit Standesdünkel und ohne den Willen , diese Fähigkeiten zu respektieren , werden von diesen Nutzern nicht ernst genommen .
Zu Recht .
Das Internet macht es möglich , direkt mit den Menschen zu kommunizieren , die man einst Leser , Zuhörer oder Zuschauer nannte – und ihr Wissen zu nutzen .
Nicht der besserwissende , sondern der kommunizierende und hinterfragende Journalist ist gefragt .
Internet , 07.09.2009
Markus Beckedahl http://www.netzpolitik.org/
Mercedes Bunz http://www.mercedes-bunz.de/
Julius Endert http://www.blinkenlichten.com/
Johnny Haeusler http://www.spreeblick.com
Thomas Knüwer http://blog.handelsblatt.com/indiskretion/
Sascha Lobo http://www.saschalobo.com/
Robin Meyer - Lucht http://www.berlin-institute.de/
Wolfgang Michal http://www.autoren-reporter.de/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=23&Itemid=66
Stefan Niggemeier
http://www.stefan-niggemeier.de
Kathrin Passig http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kathrin_Passig
Janko Röttgers
http://www.lowpass.cc/
Peter Schink http://www.peter-schink.de/
Mario Sixtus
http://www.elektrischer-reporter.de/
Peter Stawowy http://www.xing.com/profile/Peter_Stawowy
Fiete Stegers http://www.netzjournalismus.de/
Dieser
Text steht unter der Creative Commons Namensnennungs - Lizenz ( CC - BY )
New research presented at The American Political Science Association 's annual meeting last week found that parenthood makes women more liberal and men more conservative .
Which raises the obvious question :
What the hell were Sarah Palin 's politics like 5 kids ago ?
Advertisement
The study , done at North Carolina State University , showed that mothers are more liberal than childless women on social welfare issues and the Iraq war ; fathers are more conservative than childless men on social welfare but similar on the war ; and Palin 's national prominence did n't push the average mom one bit farther to the right , even among Republicans .
( This on top of the general tendency for women to be more liberal than men . )
Which means , as Julia Whitty at Mother Jones puts it , " the Republican party which calls itself the family - values party might as well call itself the daddy - values party .
Or maybe the white - daddy - values party .
Or the red - state - white - daddy - values party . "
Says Dr. Steven Greene , co-author of the study , " It appears that the Democratic position , that government has a role in addressing social problems , appeals to women with children .
Whereas men with children are drawn to the Republican arguments that government should not play a major role on social welfare issues . "
Without having heard or read the paper , I do n't know if the researchers offered an opinion as to why that might be , and I have no training or expertise to back up any speculation .
But what I do have is a hobby horse , which I shall now gracelessly mount .
Advertisement
The social pressure on men to be " providers " for their families has got to give .
Not only does it contribute to sexist hiring practices and unequal division of domestic labor — the men have to be making more money and working longer hours , do n't you know , or their womenfolk will starve ! — but my guess is , it contributes to the political gender gap .
It makes sense that a dude who thinks it's his manly duty to bring home the bacon for his dependents ( who may or may not include his wife ) will A ) be even more resentful of the government taking his hard - earned money away and sharing it with people who , in this worldview , are simply failing at their own duties , and B ) be offended by the notion that he might ever need the government to provide for his family .
I was really shocked to realize how pervasive this attitude still is among at least my straight male contemporaries , once we all hit the age where people start thinking about settling down .
Suddenly , even the liberal , feminist - leaning slackers I hung out with all went apeshit about being able to " provide , " believing they would need enough financial security to support an entire household single - handedly before they'd be ready for marriage .
( Granted , some of them might have been using this as a convenient excuse not to commit to women they were unsure about .
But I think a lot of them were serious . )
It did n't matter if they were dating women with good jobs , or even women who made more money than they did .
They all seemed to believe that being the primary , if not sole provider was still part of the deal .
What the hell is that about , in this day and age ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
To be sure , it 's about the still pervasive idea that child - rearing will and should fall primarily to women , for one thing .
But it 's also clearly about an ideal of masculinity that casts men as the depended - upon — and women , of course , as the dependents .
( One wonders if women are more inclined to support government spending on social welfare because culturally , we 're already expected to accept being taken care of , one way or another — setting aside the reality that loads of women are taking care of themselves , their kids , and their partners , often with shit jobs that are lower - paying in part because women are not assumed to be primary breadwinners . )
You add that to the cherished American belief that individuals are completely responsible for every single thing , good or bad , that ever happens to them , and it's no big leap to " red- state - white - daddy - values . "
One cure for those values , though , might be having daughters .
Other research has shown that having girls makes men more feminist and more likely to vote for liberal candidates — while having boys apparently pushes people to the right .
Researchers speculate the reason for that is , as Megan put it , " equality matters most to many people when the people they care for deeply are most likely to lack it . "
Maybe if we could get the red - state - white - daddies to empathize with their wives as much as their daughters , being part of a traditional family would make everyone more liberal .
Advertisement
Parenthood Makes Moms More Liberal , Dads More Conservative [ Science Daily ]
Why Sarah Palin Backfired : Parenting Makes Moms Liberal , Dads Conservative [ Mother Jones ]
Advertisement
Earlier : Sometimes
It Takes A Daughter To Make A Man A Feminist
Advanced jQuery
Turning a good app into a great app
This series on jQuery has taken you far in your abilities to create a JavaScript - based Web application .
Even if you had never heard of jQuery before you started reading these articles , by now you should have all the skills and background in the language to produce a good Web application using jQuery .
However , sometimes a good application is not enough .
Sometimes you need a great Web application .
This requires a few extra steps , steps you add to your application to ensure it runs smoothly in big apps and small apps and looks just right to every user .
They are the last layers of polish you add to make your Web application sparkle .
In this article , I 'll discuss performance - based improvements to your code , but I 'll also talk about things in the jQuery library that some people may gloss over .
These items are important in complex applications , they are plug-ins that are vital to anyone 's applications , and they are nice design tips to make your Web apps easier to code .
Finally , in the last section , I 'll talk about some of the new features in jQuery 1.3 , which was released recently and added a few new features to the library .
The first sample application
Most of the tips in this article can be found in the sample application attached to this article ( see Downloadable resources ) , which is a straightforward e-mail Web application .
It should look familiar as it's the same one that I presented in the first article in the series .
However , you should see how far it has come from the first article , how the performance has been improved , and how the final layers of polish to it has turned it into a really great Web application .
Figure 1 .
The example application
Bind / Unbind
In the Events module , there are two functions , called bind ( ) and unbind ( ) , that appear on the surface to duplicate the efforts of all the other event methods .
After all , if you can simply attach a click ( ) method to a page element , why would you need to call bind ( " click " ) on it instead ?
It 's just a waste of keystrokes .
Well , it turns out that these functions come in handy in certain situations , and when used correctly they can drastically increase the performance of your application .
These functions do give you the ability to attach events to certain page elements , just like the numerous event methods in the module , but they also allow you to remove these events from the page elements .
Why would you want to do this ?
Well , let 's take a look at the Web application and see how they can be used in this situation .
Figure 2 . Bind / Unbind example
Listing 1 shows the code to set this up , as it was originally coded , before I improved it :
Listing 1 . Widget before optimization
$ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { // cache this query since it's a search by CLASS selectable = $ ( " :checked.selectable " ) ; // when the select / deselect all is clicked , do this function $ ( " #selectall " ) .click(selectAll ) ; // whenever any individual checkbox is checked , change the text // describing how many are checked selectable.click( changeNumFilters ) ; // calculate how many are initially checked changeNumFilters ( ) ; } ) ; var selectable ; function changeNumFilters ( ) { // this needs to be checked on every call // since the length can change with every click var size = $ ( " :checked.selectable " ) .
length ; if ( size > 0 ) $ ( " #selectedCount " ) .html( size ) ; else $ ( " #selectedCount " ) .html ( " 0 " ) ; } // handles the select / deselect of all checkboxes function selectAll ( ) { var checked = $ ( " #selectall " ) .
attr ( " checked " ) ; selectable.each( function ( ) { var subChecked = $ ( this ) . attr ( " checked " ) ; if ( subChecked != checked ) { $ ( this ) .click ( ) ; } } ) ; changeNumFilters ( ) ; }
This code should look relatively straightforward , as it's pretty much the same widget I 've worked on in a few of the articles .
You saw the " select / deselect all " widget in the first article where I showed it in its basic form .
In the performance article , you saw how to improve its performance by caching your selection queries and minimizing your usage of searching by CLASS .
However , there 's still a problem .
When the " select / deselect all " checkbox is pressed in a table with 100 rows , you see very poor performance .
In fact , on my browser , with this code in place , the average time to complete the select all was 3.4 seconds .
That 's not very responsive at all .
Even after all of the optimization to this point , you still have something that 's not acceptable .
Let 's go one step deeper in the algorithm here and see if something is amiss .
You 're looping through every checkbox on the page and seeing if it 's current " checked " status is the same as the " select / deselect all " checkbox .
If it 's not , then you 're calling " click " on it , to make it match the state of the " select / deselect all " checkbox .
Wait a minute though ... you also attached a function to these checkboxes , so that with each click , you 're calling the changeNumFilters ( ) function .
Upon closer examination , you 've set up an algorithm that calls the changeNumFilters ( ) a possible 101 times .
No wonder the performance was so bad .
Obviously , you do n't need to update the count of selected messages with each click , you can do it once at the end of the process .
How do you prevent this method from getting called , while at the same time clicking the checkbox ?
Well , of course , the unbind ( ) method is where this comes into play .
You probably saw this coming .
By calling unbind ( ) before the checkbox is clicked , it will stop the call to click ( ) from in turn calling the changeNumFilter ( ) method .
This is great !
This is what you wanted .
Now it wo n't be called 101 times .
But , of course , this would only work once , so you must attach the click method back to each checkbox after you 're done calling click on it , using the bind method .
See the updated version in Listing 2 .
Listing 2 . Widget after optimization
// handles the selection / unselection of all checkboxes function selectAll ( ) { var checked = $ ( " #selectall " ) .
attr ( " checked " ) ; selectable.unbind ( " click " , changeNumFilters ) ; selectable.each( function ( ) { var subChecked = $ ( this ) . attr ( " checked " ) ; if ( subChecked != checked ) { $ ( this ) .click ( ) ; } } ) ; selectable.bind ( " click " , changeNumFilters ) ; changeNumFilters ( ) ; }
With these optimizations , you have gotten your checkbox to run in approximately 900ms , which is quite an improvement in performance .
It was all from taking a step back and thinking about exactly what your algorithm was doing , and how your actions would trickle through the code .
Instead of calling a function 100 times , you can simply call it once .
Hooray !
After looking at this function for this many articles , you have finally made it as fast and efficient as possible .
Well , not really ...
It turns out there 's a super - fast way of running this algorithm that I 've been holding back from you until now .
Besides , if I had given you the fast algorithm right away , I would n't have been able to use this function as a lesson for these articles .
Hopefully , this situation has opened your eyes to the benefits of using the bind / unbind feature in your code ( if there 's no shortcut of course ) .
Remember :
Use the bind / unbind in situations where you do n't want the default event to fire , or as a way to temporarily attach or remove events from page elements
Listing 3 shows the super - fast way of writing this algorithm , if you have this widget in your own code .
It runs this function in 40 ms , blazing fast compared to the other ones we 've tried .
Listing 3 . Widget with super - fast algorithm
function selectAll ( ) { var checked = $ ( " #selectall " ) .
attr ( " checked " ) ; selectable.each( function ( ) { $ ( this ) . attr ( " checked " , checked ) ; } ) ; changeNumFilters ( ) ; }
Live / Die
Two of the great new additions to the 1.3 version of jQuery are the live ( ) and die ( ) functions .
Their role in a well - designed Web application can best be seen through an example .
Imagine attaching a double - click to every cell in a table .
As an experienced jQuery veteran , you know you should create this setup in your document . ready ( ) function , like shown in Listing 4 .
Listing 4 . Setting up a double - click
$ ( " tr.messageRow " ) .dblclick ( function ( ) { if ( $ ( this ) .hasClass ( " mail_unread " ) ) { $ ( this ).removeClass ( " mail_unread " ) ; } } ) ;
There 's only one problem with this design .
Yes , it attaches the double - click event to every row in the table with a class of messageRow .
But , what if you add new rows to the table ?
For example , those rows might appear when you have an additional message that gets loaded into the page using Ajax without a page reload .
This presents a problem , because the code , as written , wo n't work .
The event you created was bound to all the existing tr.messageRow elements that were present when the page loaded .
It 's not bound to any new tr.messageRow s you create during the page 's lifetime .
People who write code like this would be disappointed to discover that their code did n't work .
Beginner jQuery programmers may even spend a few hours of headache - inducing debugging trying to figure out why their code is n't working , before stumbling upon this fact in the jQuery documentation .
( Yes , that was me last year ) .
Before jQuery 1.3 , there were three ways to get around this problem , none of them elegant ( for those of you who continue to use j Query 1.2.x , these are still valid ) .
The first was the re-initialization technique , which simply reattached the event to the selected elements each time a new one was added .
The second was taking advantage of the bind / unbind methods , which we saw in the previous section .
See them both in Listing 5 .
Listing 5 . Work - around for attaching events to new elements
// first technique to deal with " hot " page elements , added during the page 's // lifetime $ ( " #mailtable tr #"+message.id).addClass(" messageRow " ) .dblclick ( function ( ) { if ( $ ( this ) .hasClass ( " mail_unread " ) ) { $ ( this ).removeClass ( " mail_unread " ) ; } // second technique to deal with " hot " page elements $ ( " #mailtable tr # " +message.id).addClass(" messageRow " ) . bind ( " dblclick " , ( function ( ) { if ( $ ( this ) .hasClass ( " mail_unread " ) ) { $ ( this ).removeClass ( " mail_unread " ) ; }
Neither of these techniques were very elegant though , as you can probably tell .
You'd be repeating code .
And , you'd be forced to find all the possible spots that a new page element could be added to the page and deal with the " hot element " issue at that point .
That 's not a good way of programming .
Besides , this is jQuery .
It 's supposed to make everything incredibly easy for us .
It 's supposed to do everything for us .
Luckily , there was a plug - in that seemed to solve these problems .
It 's called the LiveQuery plug - in , and it allowed you to bind certain page elements to events , but to do so in a " live " fashion , so that all page elements , including ones that existed at page creation and ones created during the page 's lifetime ( through Ajax calls for example ) , would trigger the event to occur .
This was a very clever and important plug - in for UI developers , as it made working with dynamic pages as easy as working with static ones .
For a Web app developer , it was really one of those " must have " plug-ins .
The jQuery core team agreed so much in the importance of this plug - in that they incorporated it into their 1.3 release .
This " live " feature is now a part of the core jQuery , so any developer can take advantage of the function .
The plug - in is almost exactly duplicated in the 1.3 core code , minus a few events that did n't make the cut in the first release of 1.3 .
I 'd bet some money that these missing events will appear in one of the next releases of jQuery .
Let 's take a look at how it can be used to change your code .
Listing 6 . The " live " event model
$ ( " tr.messageRow " ) . live ( " dblclick " , function ( ) { if ( $ ( this ) .hasClass ( " mail_unread " ) ) { $ ( this ).removeClass ( " mail_unread " ) ; }
Making this small change in the code , all tr.messageRow elements that are on the page will trigger this code when double - clicked .
This is not the behavior you 'd see if you simply used the dblclick ( ) function , as I 've explained above .
For this reason , I highly recommend that you think about using the live ( ) method for most of your event methods .
In fact , I 'd say it 's a must that any page that creates page elements dynamically , whether through Ajax or user interaction , must use the live ( ) function instead of the alternative event methods .
It 's just such a great trade - off between ease of coding versus .
possible bugs , that it 's a no - brainer decision .
Remember : Always use the live ( ) method when attaching events to dynamic page elements .
This makes your events as dynamic as your page elements .
Ajax Queue / Sync
The usage of Ajax calls to the server is becoming the measure by which Web 2.0 companies measure themselves .
As we 've discussed endlessly here , using Ajax in jQuery is as simple as calling a method call normally .
This means you can call any server - side Ajax function as easily as you would a client - side JavaScript function .
This bonus has some less than desirable side - effects though , and these can occur if there are too many Ajax calls to the server .
If a Web application is going overboard with Ajax calls , problems can certainly arise .
The first problem is that some browsers limit the number of open connections to the server .
In Internet Explorer , the current version allows only 2 open concurrent connections to the server .
Firefox allows 8 connections , but it is still a limit on open connections .
If a Web application is making Ajax calls out of control , it can certainly have more than 2 open connections , especially if the server - side call is time - intensive .
This problem can arise from bad design from the Web app designer , or even a user who is out of control with their requests .
In any case , it 's not a good state to be in , and you do n't want to be in any situation where the browser is deciding what connections it will allow and which ones it wo n't .
Further , because the calls are asyncronous ( the " A " in Ajax ) , the returns from the server are not guaranteed to be in the same order you sent them .
Wait .... what ?
Yes , if you make 2 Ajax calls at about the same time , you are n't guaranteed that the responses from the server will come back in the same order .
Thus , if your second call depends on your first one finishing first , you may be out of luck .
Imagine a scenario where your first call retrieves data , and your second call manipulates the data in some way on the client - side .
If your second call returns faster than your first Ajax call , your code may lead to errors .
You have no way of guaranteeing the response speeds .
Multiply this issue by 4 , and you can see problems start to arise quickly .
The creator of jQuery recognized this as a potential problem , but also recognized that it was only going to be a problem for Web applications about 1 % of the time .
However , for those developers who are in the 1 % , they need a solution .
He created a plug - in that can be used to sort through this problem , by creating an Ajax Queue , and an Ajax Sync .
Both are very similar in how they function : the Queue places Ajax calls one at a time , waiting for the other to return before starting the next one .
The Sync sends them out immediately , but only returns to the calling function when the previous one has already returned .
This solves the overload problem by controlling the Ajax calls on the client side , and also controlling and regulating how the responses are sent back to the client - side code .
You can now be sure you know the order in which responses come back to the client , enabling you to write code that can predict the order of events .
Let 's take a look at how this plug - in works , and how you can use it in your code with the example in Listing 7 .
Keep in mind that this is designed for the 1 % of conditions where multiple Ajax calls have vital information dependent on previous Ajax calls .
This example is not one of those examples , but it nevertheless lets you see how the plug - in can be used ( it would be difficult to create a good real - world example where this plug - in is needed and still have it be easy to understand ) .
Listing 7 . Ajax Queue
var newRow = " < tr id= ' ? ' > " + " < td >< input type=checkbox value= ' ? '></td > " + " < td >?</td > " + " < td >?</td > " + " < td >?</td > " + " < td >?</td></tr> " ; $ ( " #mailtable " ) .everyTime ( 30000 , " checkForMail " , function ( ) { // by using the Ajax Queue here , we can be sure that we will check for mail // every 30 seconds , but ONLY if the previous mail check has already returned .
//
This actually would be beneficial in a mail application , if one check for // new mail takes longer than 30 seconds to respond , we would n't want the // next Ajax call to kick off , because it might duplicate messages ( depending // on the server side code ) .
//
So , by using the Ajax Queue plug - in , we can ensure that our Web client // is only checking for new mail once , and will never overlap itself .
$.ajaxQueue ( { url : " check_for_mail.jsp " , success : function ( data ) { var message = eval ( ' (' + data + ' ) ' ) ; if ( message.id != 0 ) { var row = newRow.replace ( " ? " , message .id ) ; row = row.replace ( " ? " , message .id ) ; row = row.replace ( " ? " , message .to ) ; row = row.replace ( " ? " , message .from ) ; row = row.replace ( " ? " , message.subject ) ; row = row.replace ( " ? " , message.sentTime ) ; $ ( " #mailtable tbody " ) .prepend( row ) ; $ (" #mailtable #" +message.id).addClass (" mail_unread " ) .addClass ( " messageRow " ) ; $ ( " #mailtable #"+message.id+ " td " ) .addClass ( " mail " ) ; $ ( " #mailtable : checkbox " ) .addClass ( " selectable " ) ; } } } ) ;
Remember :
If your application has multiple Ajax calls that can overlap each others ' functionality , look to use an Ajax Queue or Ajax Sync .
Second example Web application
I will use another widget to address the final 3 things in this article , and I want to show it off and explain it before I delve into the code behind it .
It 's the familiar 401k widget , the one you saw in one of the previous articles ( see Related topics for links to the articles ) .
However , there is a subtle difference this time around , because I 've included the widget twice on the same page .
It 's attached to two separate tables .
That brings up several interesting points .
Figure 3 shows what the widget looks like :
Figure 3 . 401 k widget
In this widget , I am doing a few things .
The first is totaling the textfields and determining if they collectively add up to 100 .
If they do n't add up to 100 , I display an error indication to the user that they have n't used the widget correctly .
Second , I sort each of the choices after each choice receives input .
In this manner , the investment allocation with the highest percentage will always " percolate " to the top of the table .
You can see this in Figure 3 , which shows the choices sorted numerically by percentage .
Finally , to make it look cool , I 'll add some stripes to it .
The HTML code to produce this widget is surprisingly spartan .
Listing 8 shows it is in its entirety .
Listing 8 . HTML for 401k widget
< p>< table width=300 class=" percentSort " cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 > < tbody > < tr>< td > S&P 500 Index < /td > < td > < input type=text >
%</td></tr> < tr>< td> Russell 2000 Index < /td > < td > < input type=text >
%</td></tr> < tr>< td> MSCI International Index </td > < td > < input type=text >
%</td></tr>
< tr><td>MSCI Emerging Market Index < /td > < td > < input type=text >
%</td></tr> < tr>< td> REIT Index < /td > < td >< input type=text >
%</td></tr> </tbody > < tfoot > </tfoot > </ table >
Setting up widgets in jQuery
That little bit of HTML leads directly into this section , which centers on the idea of setting up widgets , and all the code that they need , within the jQuery code itself .
You 're obviously used to doing this when you attach events to things , and for simple things like attaching classes in certain situations .
For some , though , this is taking it a step further .
All of the setup code for these widgets is going to be in the jQuery code itself .
I can give you all the usual mumbo- jumbo about separation of roles , letting the HTML designer do his work and the JavaScript coder do his , but you 've all heard that a million times already .
I 'll just add one other thing here , and that 's the idea of " class decoration , " which so many plug - in authors have taken to using as well .
Looking at the HTML code in Listing 8 , by simply attaching a percentSort class to the table , you can transform the entire functionality and look of the table .
This is really the goal of any widget you design , to make the addition and removal of the widget as simple as adding a class to it .
Let 's go through several of the steps I 've used to setting up the widgets in jQuery .
By looking through these steps , you can begin to see how this design pattern emerges in Listing 9 .
Listing 9 . jQuery widget code
$ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { // the first step is to find all the tables on the page with // a class of percentSort .
These are all the tables we want to // convert into our widget .
//
After we find them , we need to loop through them and take some // actions on them //
At the conclusion of this block of code , each table that 's going to // be a percentSort widget will have been transformed $ ( " table.percentSort " ) .each ( function ( i ) { // each table needs a unique ID , for namespace issues ( discussed later ) // we can simply create a uniqueID from the loop counter $ ( this ) . attr ( " id " , " percentSort - " +i ) ; // within each table , let 's highlight every other row in the table , to // give it that " zebra " look $ ( this ) .
find ( " tbody > tr " ) . filter ( " :odd " ) .
addClass ( " highlight " ) ; // because each table needs to show the " Total " to the user , let 's create a new // section of the table in the footer .
We 'll add a row in the table footer // to display the words " Total " and a span for the updated count . $ ( " # " +$ ( this ) . attr ( " id " ) + " tfoot " ) . append ( " < tr >< td > Total < /td >< td > < span></span>
%</td></tr> " ) ; // finally , let 's add the CLASS of " percentTotal " to the span we just // created above .
We 'll use this information later to display // the updated totals $ ( " # " +$ ( this ) . attr ( " id " ) + " tfoot span " ) .addClass ( " percentTotal " ) ; } ) ; // now the second step , after we 've completed setting up the tables themselves // is to set up the individual table rows .
//
We can similarly sort through each of them , taking the appropriate actions // on each of them in turn .
//
Upon completion of this block of code , each row in each table will be // transformed for our widget $ ( " table.percentSort tbody > tr " ) .each ( function ( i ) { // get the namespace ( to be discussed in the next section ) var NAMESPACE = $ ( this ) .parents ( " table.percentSort " ) . attr ( " id " ) ; // attach a unique ID to this row .
We can use the loop counter // to ensure the ID is unique on the page ( which is a must on every page ) $ ( this ) . attr ( " id " , " row " +i ) ; // now , within this row of the table , we need to find the text input , because // we need to attach a class to them .
We utilize the namespace , and also // find the : text within the table row , and then attach the correct class $ ( " # " +$ ( this ) . attr ( " id " ) + " : text " ) .addClass ( " percent " ) ; //
Finally , we attach a unique ID to each of the text inputs , and we do this by // making it a combination of the table name and the row name . $ ( " # " +$ ( this ) . attr ( " id " ) + " .percent " ) .
attr ( " id " , NAMESPACE + " - " + $ ( this ) .attr ( " id " ) ) ; } ) ; //
Finally , because we know we only want numerical inputs , we restrict the text entry // to just numbers .
We must do this now , because up until this point , the page // contained no elements with the CLASS " percent " $ ( " .percent " ) .numeric ( ) ;
As you can see from this example , you can really introduce a lot of functionality into your HTML code in the jQuery code .
The benefits to this type of design should be obvious , and follow along the lines of separation of roles , reuse of code , and so on .
You 'll see this type of design in widget plug-ins as well , as they take your seemingly simple HTML markup and turn it into whatever widget the plug - in is designed for .
Essentially , that 's what you 're doing here as well , writing a plug - in to turn a simple table into a sorting and summation table .
Remember :
Set up as much of the code in the jQuery code itself , and use as little HTML as you can .
Namespace
Perhaps one of the most confusing aspects of working with this type of design , and with jQuery itself , is to properly understand the namespace in which the code is working .
That 's why this example is so good , because it presents this problem in a very visible way .
Writing jQuery code when you know every ID and class on the page can be very straightforward and easy .
That 's what it was designed for after all .
What happens when you are n't sure how many classes are on the page , or they start to overlap themselves ?
In this example , you can see this issue right away .
There are two of the exact same widgets !
Everything is overlapped .
It looks like what happens when you do n't take namespace issues into account ; your widgets start to interfere with each other and they end up not working properly at all .
Figure 4 . Ignoring namespace issues
This happens because you are ignoring which widget specifically should be updated in your bad code , simply calling things like $ ( ".percentTotal " ) .
Because you have multiple tables on the same page , there are going to be multiple instances of the percentTotal class on the page .
Yes , if you only had 1 of these tables on a page , you could take for granted that this would exist only once .
But as pages become more advanced , and widgets become more reused , that assumption should be tossed out the window .
Some people may ask , " Why not just use an ID here instead ? "
That would n't solve the issue : after all , what ID would you give it ?
You ca n't use " percentTotal " because that would create ambiguity .
You ca n't use " percentTotal - 1 " because that does n't really mean anything on the page .
( The numbers are just arbitrarily created by you , after all . )
You could attach some reference to the table it 's contained in , something like " percentTotal - percentSort1 , " which would be one solution , but this is overly complicating things .
jQuery has a super - sophisticated and very easy to use selection syntax , making these types of hybrid naming schemes unnecessary .
Why recreate the wheel here ?
Let 's use jQuery 's selection engine to solve your namespace issues for you .
At the core of the problem in this widget , and in general , is determining which widget the action took place in .
Ask yourselves when you enter a number in one of the textfields , how does jQuery know which textfield the text was entered in ?
You attached an event to the class of " percent " in the code of course , and you can reference it with the $ ( this ) inside your code .
That brings us to the next question :
How does jQuery know which widget this occurred in , so you can update the appropriate percentTotal field ?
Ummm ..... I guess it does n't , at least not easily .
That 's right .
While your code is elegant , in that you can attach an event to every textfield with a class of " percent " on the page , it is inelegant if you simply ignore the containing widget in which the event occurred .
The reason this problem is termed a namespace problem is because you are being ambiguous with the naming of the widgets , which can lead to problems .
For the jQuery code to work properly , each name needs to be clearly defined in its own space , hence the term namespace .
You must write code that avoids overlapping names , so that each widget can be self - contained .
You should be able to add multiple instances of the same widget on the same page without any of the names overlapping .
Essentially , each widget must stand alone on a page .
There is no one right way to deal with this namespace issue , so I 'll present my solution , which you can use in your own code , or you can read about the problem and create your own better solution .
The reason I like this code is because it is simple to use ( only 1 line ) , and gives you some control over your own namespace .
Take a look in Listing 10 .
Listing 10 .
Namespace solution
// our event is attached to EVERY input text field with a CLASS of " percent " // this makes our code look good , but can lead to namespace issues $ ( " table.percentSort input.percent " ) . keyup( function ( ) { // this simple line can establish a namespace for us , by getting the unique // ID attached to our table ( the table is considered the " container " for // our widget .
It could be anything , depending on your specific code . ) //
We pass the CLASS of our widget to the parents ( ) function , because // that effectively encapsulates the widget var NAMESPACE = " # " + $ ( this ) .parents ( " table.percentSort " ) . attr ( " id " ) ; // with the namespace established , we can use the jQuery selection // syntax to use this namespace as our prefix for all of our remaining // searches .
Notice how the ambiguity is removed for our search // by CLASS of " percent " and " percentTotal " //
This solves our namespace issues var sum =
$ ( NAMESPACE + " input.percent " ) .sum ( ) ; var total Field = $ ( NAMESPACE + " .percentTotal " ) ;
So , by simply adding one line of code , you can encapsulate the widget and prevent it from overlapping functions ( often incorrectly ) with other instances of the widget ( or even other widgets that have the unfortunate consequence of using the same names for IDs or classes ) .
This type of coding is very common in plug - in code .
The well - written plug-ins will be written with namespace issues in mind , while you 'll find the poorly written ones will ignore them .
As you can see in this example , it 's relatively straightforward to use it in your own code , and it can lead to a great amount of time saved down the road if your page becomes more complex .
For this reason , I would recommend you start your jQuery code with namespace issues in mind right away , and use this solution for all of your own coding .
Remember :
When starting your own jQuery code , always start with the namespace solution included .
You can use the solution above , or create your own .
This will allow your code to grow in complexity without this ever becoming an issue .
What 's new in 1.3
In this last section of the article , I wanted to go through the new features that were introduced in the 1.3 release of jQuery .
The 1.3 release was a big release in terms of performance , and for this reason alone , you should move up to this release level in your own code .
However , there were several small additions to the core code that can help you improve your own code .
The first addition to the 1.3 core was the live ( ) / die ( ) functions I discussed in this article .
These were probably the most important addition , as you can tell , because they earned an entire section of the article .
The other main addition to the 1.3 core is the jQuery .
Event class , which encapsulates the events that occur on the page in an Object .
This is extremely beneficial for event - intense applications , because it offers a well contained object that relays all the information you 'll need concerning the event .
Information such as the type , the target , the X and Y coordinates , and even a timestamp .
This information may have been available before 1.3 , but it was not as well documented , and certainly not as well encapsulated .
Finally , the last addition to the 1.3 release will be transparent to you the developer , but it is still noteworthy .
In this release , there is no more browser sniffing , where there are specific if statements for a browser or version .
You can imagine the spaghetti code when dealing with all of the browsers it must support .
This also added a certain decay to each jQuery version , because browsers are always coming into and going out of use .
Instead , they detect functionality in the browser , while being browser type / version agnostic .
This means as new browsers are created , and old ones disappear , the jQuery version will never need to be updated .
Good for sites that do n't want to upgrade their jQuery versions every year and the testing that would require .
Conclusion
This brings to a close this article offering you some tips on how to turn your good jQuery code into great jQuery code .
jQuery is so simple to use ( and such an improvement of stand - alone JavaScript ) , that it 's quite easy to write good jQuery code .
Most developers can be up and running in a few minutes .
However , there is a distinction between writing good code and great code .
Great jQuery code is concerned with performance as the page complexity increases .
Great jQuery code thinks ahead to where a page is going , not where it is now , and codes for that expectation .
Great jQuery code is designed for the most complex application possible , and then easily handles the simple stuff you throw at it .
This article introduced you to 5 concepts that can help your good jQuery code become great jQuery code .
The first concept was the use of the bind ( ) / unbind ( ) methods .
These methods are quite useful in attaching / detaching events to your page elements , when you do n't want them attached to your code for the page 's life .
This can be important in performance situations , where events can ripple through the page , or it can be used in certain user interface situations .
The second concept was the usage of the new live ( ) / die ( ) features in 1.3 .
These functions allow your events to be dynamic , just like your page elements .
As page elements get added in your Web appliction , these functions allow your code to grow with your page , which was n't possible before this release .
You want your event handling to be as dynamic as your page .
The third addition was the Ajax Queue / Sync plug - in , which should be used to regulate and control your Ajax calls to the server in situations where they could grow out of control ( from a client perspective ) , and when the order in which they are returned is important .
The fourth recommendation was to write as much of the page setup code in your jQuery code as possible .
This allows your HTML to be simpler to write , and gives you more power when setting up your page .
Finally , the last step was to utilize a namespace solution ( either mine or your own ) in your code to prevent widgets from overlapping functions and causing errors on your page .
Each page element and widget should be self - contained and not interfere with other aspects of the page , and this solution will prevent that .
These 5 tidbits are by no means difficult .
In fact , for 4 of them , it 's as simple as changing one line of code .
However , it 's important to understand how these solutions can be used in your code .
Like everything else , if they 're used improperly they would n't help your code , and could actually hurt it .
My recommendation is to start using these 5 things as soon as you start coding your jQuery on a page .
Like every developer can tell you , feature creep is a standard part of our lives .
You do not want to have to redesign your entire Web application because you made a poor decision at the beginning , or if you 're being forced to change something because your manager demands it .
Start your code with a great application in mind , and use these suggestions to get you there .
Finally , this brings to a close this second cycle in my jQuery series .
These last 5 articles have brought you up to the next level in your jQuery profiency , and by now you should be able to create any type of application using the library .
My final recommendation is to just play around with the code for awhile and experiment .
You 'll not only learn a lot , you may create the next cool thing on the Web !
Downloadable resources
Related topics
LIFE on Earth was all neatly packed up inside a pucklike container and ready to blast off on an unmanned Russian mission to a Martian moon this month .
Stranger
After more than 10 months traveling through deep space , the Planetary Society 's Living Interplanetary Flight Experiment would land on the surface of the Martian moon Phobos with its cargo of voyagers from all three kingdoms of life , including tiny , extremely hardy animals called tardigrades .
Then , after a couple of weeks on the surface , the first Earthly life to have lived on another solar body would return to Earth .
A tiny , robotic , interplanetary lander was going to spring off the base craft , fire off its rocket , and hurtle through space before crash landing in Kazakhstan .
Now , though , Russian space officials have delayed the mission due to safety and technical problems that typically plague ambitious trips beyond low - Earth orbit .
And because of the nature of Earth 's orbit in relation to Mars , the Planetary Society - backed researchers will have to wait two long years before their next launch window to determine if life could have originated outside Earth and hitched a ride here .
Despite the delay , LIFE will eventually get a chance to fly , assuming the funding will remain in place .
" LIFE is a test of part of the so - called transpermian theory to see whether life can travel through space between planets , " said Bruce Betts , the experiment 's manager at the Planetary Society , which was co-founded by Carl Sagan .
" If we send a bunch of microorganisms out to space for three years , will they still be alive ? "
We already know that plenty of life forms can survive in low - Earth orbit .
In fact , we 've sent up all kinds of living things , including dozens of animals and various kinds of nasty bacteria .
But deep space is different .
At the International Space Station , say , the Earth 's magnetosphere protects life from radiation .
We 're not really sure what will happen when life is exposed to the depths of space for years .
The Biostack 1 and 2 experiments , flown during the Apollo 16 and 17 missions to the moon proved organisms could survive during a two - week journey through space .
But that 's not long enough to simulate the hypothetical journey of bacteria from Mars to Earth .
" It 's a see - what - happens experiment , which you do n't get a lot of anymore , " Betts said .
If the living things in the LIFE experiment survive the 34 - month journey aboard the spacecraft Phobos Grunt , it would provide support for the idea that living things could travel between planets aboard rocks ejected by cosmic collisions .
On the other hand , Betts said , " If you find everything is dead and confirm it 's not some fluky other thing , then it casts more doubt on whether life can travel between the planets . "
They fought through months of bureaucracy , both in the United States and Russia , to make the mission happen .
" Because this launch is on a spacecraft , we are subject to [ International Traffic in Arms Regulations ] , so the Planetary Society is registered as what you might call an arms tracker , " Betts said .
If the governments were a hassle , the engineering assignment was much worse .
Completing the packaging of 30 living specimens into a tiny 100 - gram " BioModule " consumed the team as they raced to send off their part of the mission to Russia .
" You need to understand the constraints for the Phobos mission , " Betts said .
" We had 100 grams .
We had to be passive .
We had to not interfere with anything else .
And , by the way , you have to survive a 4,000 - g impact . "
The Phobos lander wo n't have a parachute , so it 's possible the landing will bring intense forces to bear on the scientific instruments .
It 's imperative , too , that the organisms remain sealed in their container for the duration of the journey , so they wo n't contaminate Phobos .
To test the BioModule 's durability , they first filled the inside with fluorescent liquid , so that any leakage would be apparent .
Then , the scientists strapped it to a shake table and violently vibrated it .
Then , they shot it out of an air cannon onto a target .
The first iteration of the BioModule leaked a bit of its fluorescent liquid , but held tough in the second round .
Sitting tight now , though , has become the scientists ' main task .
More photos of the assembly and testing of the LIFE experiment can be found on the following page .
Images : 1 ) The LIFE BioModule .
2 ) The BioModule strapped to the shake table .
Bruce Betts
Here we see the LIFE samples loaded into specialized vials .
Most of the organisms were freeze - dried in preparation for flight .
A completed vial array , containing 12 samples of the same organism .
Three samples of each organism were put into the BioModules .
There were also backups and controls .
From the vial trays , the samples were loaded into the circular BioModule itself .
Here , we see the components of the completed module , including the titanium casing and the samples .
Everything gets fit together and sealed .
This is the projectile that the BioModule was strapped to for air - cannon testing .
The team at the target after successful testing .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
Report exposes abuse at New York youth prisons
By Peter Daniels
31 August 2009
Young people in New York State ’s prisons for youthful offenders have been subjected to systematic mistreatment , according to a US Department of Justice report issued last week .
The report follows a year - long study of four of these facilities ; two for boys and two for girls .
All of the residents are less than 16 years old , too young to be sent to adult jails or prisons .
More than half of them have been charged with nonviolent misdemeanors , such as truancy , fare evasion in public transport , graffiti and marijuana possession .
“ These children desperately need care , rehabilitation and a therapeutic environment but what they ’re getting is a government - sponsored nightmare of Dickensian physical and mental abuse , ” said New York Civil Liberties Union Executive Director Donna Lieberman in response to the Department of Justice Report .
It was an earlier report on conditions in these facilities issued by the NYCLU and Human Rights Watch that helped lead to the federal probe .
All told , the state ’s Office of Children and Family Services ( OCFS ) operates about 30 “ residential juvenile justice facilities ” throughout New York State .
The facilities currently house about 1,000 youth .
The four facilities covered by the federal study are located in the upstate towns of Johnstown and Ithaca , New York .
The vast majority of the several hundred youth residents in these prisons at any one time are African - American and Latino .
Most come from impoverished neighborhoods in the New York City area , between 200 and 250 miles away .
A press release issued by the Civil Liberties Union on August 25 summed up the four major findings of the DOJ report :
• Staff consistently uses excessive force as a way to punish youth and attempt to control behavior
• Staff place children in inappropriate restraints , such as violently pinning a youth face - down on the ground .
• Administrators consistently fail to adequately investigate use of force incidents and often do not take corrective actions for staff members involved in excessive force incidents .
• Staff fail to provide youth adequate mental health care and treatment .
The excessive force has led to broken teeth , lacerations , fractures and concussions .
Inappropriate restraints produced 123 injuries alone at only one of the four facilities in the space of one year .
The DOJ report explains the practice of “ pin pushing ” used by staff at the youth prisons .
It is defined as pushing the button on staff radios when youth exhibit resistance to following directions .
This brings a response team and typically a violent attack on the offending youth .
An official memorandum issued to staff in December 2007 states : “ If you ‘ think , ’ ‘ feel , ’ or ‘ suspect ’ that you may have to use physical force – PUSH THE PIN .
If a resident is physically aggressive – PUSH THE PIN .
If a resident says ‘ no ’ or demonstrates defiance in any manner – PUSH THE PIN . ”
In one specific case described in the report , a youth who went to his room and slammed the door was removed forcibly , sustaining multiple head injuries , abrasions to his elbows and a nosebleed .
In another case , a youth who “ stormed off ” after not being allowed to participate in a basketball game was also forcibly removed from his room , receiving injuries to his face , chin and neck .
When a youth refused to stop laughing loudly he was restrained and handcuffed , and injured in the process .
Another youth , who reportedly glared at a staff member and “ invaded [ their ] space , ” was attacked with such force that a previously fractured collarbone was reinjured .
The report also itemizes some of the forcible restraints used against youth , including the “ hook and trip ” technique , in which staff restrain a youth ’s arms behind his or her back , and then trip his or her legs so they fall to the floor face first .
This clearly accounts for some of the injuries recorded in various incident reports .
The lack of adequate investigations of the use of force against these youth amounts to granting carte blanche to untrained and in some cases sadistic staff .
The report itemizes numerous instances in which staff members who have engaged in mistreatment of youth have been let off with little more than a slap on the wrist .
The report also documents “ failure to provide adequate mental health care and treatment ” at the four facilities , including not monitoring youth for side effects of medications and insufficient services to address substance abuse problems .
Physical force is used as a substitute for medical and therapeutic treatment .
According to the OCFS agency itself , three quarters of children in the state ’s juvenile facilities have drug or alcohol problems and more than half have been diagnosed with psychological problems .
The DOJ report makes numerous and rather obvious recommendations along the lines of stopping “ excessive use of force ” and “ inappropriate restraints , ” as well as prompt investigation of allegations of mistreatment and provision of adequate mental health treatment .
The state agency is given 49 days to come up with a plan to comply with these proposals , or face the possibility of a federal lawsuit and federal takeover of the New York youth prison facilities .
It would be wrong to take the proposals and threat of further federal action at face value , however .
The DOJ authorities hasten to assure the New York officials that “ the collaborative approach the parties have taken thus far has been productive . “ The report adds , “ We hope to continue working with OCFS in an amicable and cooperative fashion . ”
While the Department of Justice report blows the whistle on some of the abuses at the youth prisons that cannot be ignored , the real source of the social crisis that finds its expression in these conditions is ignored .
This source is the widespread poverty that is translated into the social problems that are met with arrest and punitive treatment .
The young people in the New York youth prisons have been swept up in what for most of them will be the first of many contacts with the “ criminal justice ” system .
They are being warehoused and brutalized , prepared not for a decent future but for a life of despair and misery .
The financial , corporate and political establishment that both the federal and state agencies represent is neither able nor willing to provide the jobs and services needed by these working class youth .
Instead they criminalize poverty , while dealing with the problem of growing unemployment in areas like upstate New York by creating prison jobs that have the effect of pitting one section of workers against another .
The response of the New York Civil Liberties Union to the Justice Department report shows the severe limitations of an approach that divorces the issues of civil rights and prison conditions from the political and social realities that produce them .
In the same press release and New York City Hall press conference at which she correctly exposed “ Dickensian physical and mental abuse , ” Donna Lieberman of the NYCLU complimented New York OCFS Commissioner Gladys Carrion on “ significant policy changes ” and simply added that more work was needed .
In fact , conditions remain abysmal and the Democratic politicians now running New York State are carrying out policies that , by making the working class pay for the economic crisis , ensure that conditions like those exposed in the DOJ report will persist and worsen .
“ Who cares what  ” he said , and then stopped himself to find another way to put it .
( “ I can see the headline now , ” said the famously free - wheeling vice president .
“ I ’m getting better , guys . ” )
Image Jan Fischer , the prime minister of the Czech Republic , welcomed Vice President Joseph R. Biden in Prague on Friday .
Credit ... David W. Cerny / Reuters
But he went on to dismiss the Bush - Cheney review as inadequate .
“ That ’s why the president asked me to get in the plane in January and go to Afghanistan , ” Mr. Biden said .
“ I came back with a different review . ”
Moreover , he said , the Bush - Cheney review is now dated .
“ A whole lot has changed in the last year , ” Mr. Biden said .
“ Let ’s assume they left us a review that was absolutely correct .
Is that review relevant and totally applicable to today in light of the changes that have taken place in the region , in Afghanistan itself ?
So I think that is sort of irrelevant .
Not sort of  I think it ’s irrelevant . ”
The interview was the first time Mr. Biden had publicly talked about Afghanistan in the weeks since the president began intensively rethinking his strategy and considering Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal ’s request for about 40,000 more troops .
Mr. Biden has been a forceful skeptic of General McChrystal ’s request and an advocate for keeping troop levels roughly the same while focusing attention on hunting down Al Qaeda in Pakistan .
Mr. Biden said that Mr. Obama had lived up to a pre-election pledge to take his vice president ’s views seriously and added that he would not be upset if the president rejected them at the end of the Afghanistan policy review .
“ He has sought my opinion not generically but in detail , ” Mr. Biden said .
“ And if he reaches a different conclusion than I do , that ’s O.K .
He ’s the president . ”
The vice president acknowledged that at every stop on his trip through Eastern Europe he ran into uncertainty from allies about whether America was going to stay the course in Afghanistan .
“ What they wanted to know was , ‘ Are you leaving ? ’ ” he said , adding that they were satisfied with his reassurances that America was not withdrawing .
Mr. Biden wrapped up his trip on Friday with meetings with Czech leaders .
Jan Fischer , the prime minister , said his country would participate in the new antimissile shield .
“ I used the opportunity to express our readiness as a NATO member to participate because the new architecture is going to be NATO based and the Czech Republic is ready to participate , ” Mr. Fischer said .
A traffic jam at a north Hollywood intersection in a file photo .
REUTERS / Gene Blevins
SOFIA ( Reuters ) - Bulgarian prosecutors are investigating a new gambling game in which drivers defy death by speeding through red lights for bets of up to 5,000 euros ( $ 7,400 ) , the chief prosecutor ’s office said Thursday .
Known as ‘ Russian road roulette ’ , the driver must jump red lights at busy intersections at high speed and not crash into any other cars or pedestrians , according to local media reports .
Onlookers also gamble on the result .
Prosecutors launched their investigation after media reported the new game had been held at night at busy crossroads in Sofia since the summer .
In June , two people died after a motorcyclist crashed into an onlooker at a similar rally on Sofia ’s ring road .
“ Every time we receive a signal for such an unregulated race , we send patrols , ” Commissioner Vanio Stoevski , head of the Sofia Road Police , told Reuters .
Since the deaths in June , police have monitored roads where such races are typically held .
Local media report that participants in the ‘ Russian road roulette ’ are informed via text messages of the venue for that particular night -- depending on the presence of police .
Onlookers said he appeared to be " straining " to perform the song , " wincing " as he did so .
They said that as he came to the end of the song his knees sagged and he slumped to the stage .
[ ad #post_ad ]
GM CEO Fritz Henderson announced today that the Chevrolet Volt extended range electric car has been given an official EPA rating of more than 230 MPG city and a combined city / highway average fuel economy of more than 100 MPG .
The photo above is the first ever of the production Volt charger .
Henderson mentioned that GM has been quietly promoting the numbers 2 and 2 with a happy outlet and today owned up to it .
He said the EPA has developed a new federal fuel economy methodology draft for PHEVs .
Using this technique , the Volt will become the first mass produced vehicle to obtain a triple digit MPG rating .
He also noted using this system the Volt is determined to have an efficiency of 25 kwh / 100 miles .
Considering the cost of electricity this amounts to 3 cents per mile . " From the data we 've seen , many Chevy Volt drivers may be able to be in pure electric mode on a daily basis without having to use any gas , " said GM Chief Executive Officer Fritz Henderson .
" EPA labels are a yardstick for customers to compare the fuel efficiency of vehicles .
So , a vehicle like the Volt that achieves a composite triple - digit fuel economy is a game - changer .
"
The methodology assumes in city driving the car will mostly operate on electricity but some degree of gas operation is taken into account .
The petroleum equivalence of electricity and a utility factor weighing in the population 's driving behavior are also included in the calculation .
Press Release : Chevrolet Volt Expects 230 mpg in City Driving *
First mass - produced vehicle to claim more than 100 mpg composite fuel economy *
Tentative EPA methodology results show 25 kilowatt hours / 100 miles electrical efficiency in city cycle *
Plugging in daily is key to high - mileage performanceWARREN , Mich . - The Chevrolet Volt extended - range electric vehicle is expected to achieve city fuel economy of at least 230 miles per gallon , based on development testing using a draft EPA federal fuel economy methodology for labeling for plug - in electric vehicles .
The Volt , which is scheduled to start production in late 2010 as a 2011 model , is expected to travel up to 40 miles on electricity from a single battery charge and be able to extend its overall range to more than 300 miles with its flex fuel - powered engine - generator . "
From the data we 've seen , many Chevy Volt drivers may be able to be in pure electric mode on a daily basis without having to use any gas , " said GM Chief Executive Officer Fritz Henderson .
" EPA labels are a yardstick for customers to compare the fuel efficiency of vehicles .
So , a vehicle like the Volt that achieves a composite triple - digit fuel economy is a game - changer .
" According to U.S. Department of Transportation data , nearly eight of 10 Americans commute fewer than 40 miles a day http://tinyurl.com/U-S-DOTStudy .
" The key to high - mileage performance is for a Volt driver to plug into the electric grid at least once each day , " Henderson said .
Volt drivers ' actual gas - free mileage will vary depending on how far they travel and other factors , such as how much cargo or how many passengers they carry and how much the air conditioner or other accessories are used .
Based on the results of unofficial development testing of pre-production prototypes , the Volt has achieved 40 miles of electric - only , petroleum - free driving in both EPA city and highway test cycles .
Under the new methodology being developed , EPA weights plug - in electric vehicles as traveling more city miles than highway miles on only electricity .
The EPA methodology uses kilowatt hours per 100 miles traveled to define the electrical efficiency of plug-ins .
Applying EPA 's methodology , GM expects the Volt to consume as little as 25 kilowatt hours per 100 miles in city driving .
At the U.S. average cost of electricity ( approximately 11 cents per kWh ) , a typical Volt driver would pay about $ 2.75 for electricity to travel 100 miles , or less than 3 cents per mile .
The Chevrolet Volt uses grid electricity as its primary source of energy to propel the car .
There are two modes of operation : Electric and Extended - Range .
In electric mode , the Volt will not use gasoline or produce tailpipe emissions when driving .
During this primary mode of operation , the Volt is powered by electrical energy stored in its 16 kWh lithium - ion battery pack .
When the battery reaches a minimum state of charge , the Volt automatically switches to Extended - Range mode .
In this secondary mode of operation , an engine - generator produces electricity to power the vehicle .
The energy stored in the battery supplements the engine - generator when additional power is needed during heavy accelerations or on steep inclines .
" The 230 city mpg number is a great indication of the capabilities of the Volt 's electric propulsion system and its ability to displace gasoline , " said Frank Weber , global vehicle line executive for the Volt .
" Actual testing with production vehicles will occur next year closer to vehicle launch .
However , we are very encouraged by this development , and we also think that it is important to continue to share our findings in real time , as we have with other aspects of the Volt 's development . " [ ad#postbottom ]
Jason Torchinsky is a guest blogger on Boing Boing .
Jason has a book out now , Ad Nauseam : A Survivor 's Guide to American Consumer Culture .
He lives in Los Angeles , where he is a tinkerer and artist and writes for the Onion News Network .
He lives with his partner Sally , five animals , too many old cars , and a shed full of crap .
Back when my old comedy group , the Van Gogh - Goghs , used to be in North Carolina , we often met to practice in one of our members basement .
The basement belonged to Galen , who was fond of looking for interesting things at tag sales , estate sales , auctions , and the like .
One night , after we 'd resigned ourselves to the fact that not much was going to get done , Galen pulled out a stack of old 8 mm film reels he 'd purchased at a recent tag sale .
It being a summer night in North Carolina , and Galen 's basement being cool and relatively mosquito - free , we stayed to watch the films .
I do n't think any of us were really prepared for what we saw .
The films started our innocently enough : vacation films from a well - to - do Chapel Hill family , at the beach , some interesting aerial shots of Chapel Hill , lots of people in fussy clothes and hats looking at the camera and waving .
Some were even color , which was a bit surprising .
The next reels got more interesting .
The family apparently took a trip to Europe in the early ' 30s .
Shots of snowy alps , quaint chalets , ski lifts , and then , rows of Nazi flags .
Handheld camera shots walking down a street , until a brown - shirted Nazi covers the camera lens with his hand .
Cut to a Nazi rally , with the camera in the crowd , as the cinematographer raises their hand , along with everyone else in the massive arena , in a Nazi salute .
Pan to the stage , small from the distance and central , as a small , familiar figure walks up to the podium , the part of his hair the hypotenuse of his facial triangle , a square cursor of a mustache under his nose , as he then starts to harangue the cheering crowd , silently .
Cut back to a North Carolina basement , with six stunned , creeped - out faces , as they realize they 're seeing unknown footage of Hitler .
Cheerwine and Mountain Dew are gulped , nervously .
Galen still has these films , and none of us could really figure out what to do with them .
Are someone 's home movies of Hitler ( and Mussolini , If I recall ) as valuable as they seem ?
Or are there a number of these kinds of reels floating around ?
The films are n't digitized at this point , but if anyone has any good advice as to what to do with them , I 'l pass it on to Galen .
Thanks , internet ; you always know just what to do .
' Jack Squat ' Obama
Some folks are pointing to a response from Gen. James L. Jones , the National Security Adviser , to CNN interviewer John King 's question about do n't ask do n't tell on Sunday as evidence that President Obama wo n't fulfill his promise to end the ban on gays and lesbians serving openly in the military .
I 've followed this very closely , and I just do n't think the criticism is warranted -- yet .
Acknowledging that the presidential plate overfloweth , Jones said , " I know this is an issue that he intends to take on at the appropriate time .
And he has already signaled that to the Defense Department .
The Defense Department is doing the things it has to do to prepare , but at the right time , I 'm sure the president will take it on . "
There are two things Jones said that are not being given due consideration .
First , Jones said Obama " has already signaled that to the defense department . "
" That " being an end to the foolish policy that deprives the United States of able men and women who want to serve their country .
Second , Jones notes , " The Defense Department is doing the things it has to do to prepare .... "
I know of two White House meetings in which the president made it clear to Defense Secretary Robert Gates that he wanted an end to the ban .
Exactly when to make the grand ( and long - overdue ) move has always been the tough part .
Obama believes that Congress should repeal the law .
But he also knows that bringing the military along first is essential .
Without it , Congress could at best block attempts to repeal the law or at worse approve something much worse .
Rep. Patrick Murphy ( D - Pa. ) is working hard to get the support of his House colleagues to repeal " do n't ask do n't tell . "
But this takes time -- and patience .
And patience on this issue and a host of others is increasingly in short supply .
Just how short was on devastating display in the opening skit of the season premier of " Saturday Night Live , " when Fred Armisen as Obama said , " [ W ] hen you look at my record , it 's very clear what I 've done so far -- and that is nothing ...
Nada ....
Almost one year and nothing new to show for it ....''
The skit made me sit up and pay attention because this is the same show that was perceived to be in Obama 's corner through the primaries and the general election .
When your " friends " start talking about you like this -- and friends with a huge megaphone and a feel for the national mood -- the White House should listen .
The president has set many of the wheels in motion to bring about a resolution to some of the things on his long to - do list , or at least to ameliorate a few situations ( read : Afghanistan ) .
But the man who ran on change is discovering that folks do n't care much about the deliberative process .
They want results , and they want them now .
Unfortunately , I 'm not quite sure what Obama can do to calm everyone down .
The International Monetary Fund took on a bigger global role Sunday as its 186 member nations accepted the mantle of guiding a lasting economic recovery from the 20 largest economies .
The IMF ’s steering committee endorsed the Group of 20 summit plan for sustainable growth after the worst economic crisis in decades , including an increase in voting rights of at least five percent for under - represented countries .
ADVERTISEMENT
At their Pittsburgh summit a little more than a week ago , the G20 largest rich and emerging - market economies , asked the IMF to help them shape a robust global economy and reform the fragile financial system .
The International Monetary and Financial Committee ( IMFC ) , representing all members , backed the plan at a meeting in Istanbul ahead of the annual meetings of the IMF and World Bank that open Tuesday .
The panel vowed to maintain stimulus support of growth “ until a durable recovery is secured ” and take further steps as needed “ to revive credit , recover lost jobs , and reverse setbacks in poverty reduction . ”
IMF chief Dominique Strauss - Kahn said that with the IMFC meeting , “ we are off to the right start — building on the commitment to sustain cooperation and extending it to a far broader group of countries . ”
He said the meetings offered “ a unique opportunity to reshape the post - crisis world , to usher in a new era of collaborative global governance . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Timothy Geithner , the US Treasury secretary , said the United States , effectively the only member with veto power in the Washington - based institution , is looking to the IMF “ to play a key role in assisting the assessment of G20 economic and financial policies . ”
Not all were satisfied with the IMF steering committee ’s approval of the G20 request for a shift in the allocation of quotas , or voting power , to mainly developing countries .
“ There will be no ‘ new IMF ’ without a more representative and democratic governance structure , ” said Argentina ’s finance minister , Amado Boudou .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ To achieve this goal , the voice and representation of developing countries , including the poorest , must be significantly increased , ” said Boudou , who also represents Bolivia , Chile , Peru , Paraguay and Uruguay on the IMFC .
International aid agency Oxfam director Bernice Romero agreed , calling the quota shift “ shameful , ” and adding that “ rich countries are still making decisions for the rest of the world . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
China ’s deputy central bank governor , Yi Gang , said successful governance reforms , including a “ significant ” quota realignment , were key to “ the capacity of the fund to deliver ” by enhancing its legitimacy and effectiveness .
Strauss - Kahn called for a “ substantial increase ” in resources from members after the IMFC opened the door for action to reduce so - called global imbalances blamed for the current crisis .
The IMF managing director said the fund ’s new Flexible Credit Line had provided important support to emerging - market economies amid the global economic crisis , with Mexico , Poland and Colombia signing up earlier this year .
ADVERTISEMENT
But the credit line , offered at a fee for access to the fund ’s reserves , is limited in scope and concerns only a certain category of countries , the former French Socialist finance minister said .
“ Now we need to reflect and think about an extension of this idea of insurance ” to fix the so - called global imbalances where some countries accumulate huge reserves and others build up huge deficits , he said .
“ If you want to avoid countries , including China , to build such big reserves , contributing to global imbalances , we need to find another system , ” he said .
An IMF pool of reserves that members could tap could serve as an international guarantee against financial shocks , he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The communique opens the door for the IMF to think about it , and I think it ’s very important for the post - crisis world because it ’s one possible way to contribute to solving this global imbalances problem . ”
In a speech Friday in Istanbul , Strauss - Kahn appealed for more resources so the fund could become a credible global lender of last resort , suggesting a trillion dollars or more may be needed .
Photo : Dagmara Nall
When Aleki Taumoepeau , a 42 - year old ecologist , dropped his wedding ring in the murky waters of a New Zealand just months after he and his wife Rachel got hitched , he was determined to find it at all costs .
Everyone — including Rachel — thought he was crazy .
Quite miraculously , Aleki found the ring at the bottom of the sea a year and a half later .
I got on the phone with Aleki recently to find out how he lost and found his wedding ring in the ocean .
It 's a story of love , faith , obsession , and GPS coordinates , and it starts in a beautiful harbor town on the southern tip of New Zealand 's North Island .
I 'm a fresh water ecologist at the National Institute of Water & Atmospheric Research in Hamilton .
My main job is to help the scientists survey lakes and vegetation , identify species , and advise the power company and regional councils on how to treat noxious plants .
I usually work in fresh water , but on that day , I was helping the short - staffed salt water marine guys look for invasive organisms in Wellington Harbor .
There were several divers with me on board the inflatable Naiad boat , and I was trying to start the engine when the ring just flew off my finger .
We all saw it go in the water .
I usually do n't wear my ring when working on boats or diving — this was just the one time that i forgot to take it off .
My first reaction was to grab an anchor and drop it where the ring went down .
After that , four of the divers on the boat went down to have a look , but they could n't find the ring or the anchor .
The water was particularly murky that day , so after about thirty minutes I told them not to worry about it .
It was Friday afternoon , and we still had one more job site to attend to .
That was in March 2008 , three months after I had married my wife Rachel .
Three months later , I was at a conference in Wellington so I decided to go and have a look .
I asked some of the delegates there to help me out — they thought it was a great cause and were keen to do so .
So at 6 AM on a cold wintery morning , four of us went out to the beach .
The water was quite rough and cold , about 50 degrees fahrenheit .
I brought Scuba diving gear , a metal detector , and a dry suit .
We were at a sampling site when I lost my ring , so we had recorded its GPS coordinates on our field sheets .
The area where I 'd lost the ring was supposed to be about 100 yards from the shore and about three meters deep .
When I got out in the water , though , there was so much debris in the area — pipes , old tire rims , coins , belts — that the metal detector just went off all the time .
I also realized that I had brought the wrong GPS coordinates with me — the area where the lost ring was supposed to be a little bit further away .
I was cold and the metal detector was going crazy , so I headed back to shore .
Later that week , I had another go , but that was also unsuccessful .
Rachel and I met on a golf course — we just clicked , and things went very quickly after that .
We had a big Tongan island wedding in November 2007 .
When I told Rachel about the lost ring , she said she would buy me another one .
But that was too easy for me .
Everyone thought I was crazy , but I insisted that I was going to find my ring .
Rachel and I returned to Wellington again this past July to attend another conference .
I said to her , " Let 's go a day earlier to look for the ring ! "
She said , " You 're crazy .
It 's been 15 months .
What are the chances of finding it ? "
I promised her it would be the last time I 'd look for it , and that if I did n't find it she could buy me another ring .
She was happy with that .
So off I went to the beach again with my scuba gear and metal detector .
We now have a baby son , so he and my wife sat on the shore while I went searching in the water .
This time , I did a little bit more homework .
I managed to get the field sheet from our original trip with the right GPS coordinates .
I mapped them out on Google Earth &mdash with Google Earth I could actually see the physical landscape and the trees , which would be useful for me to relocate the site while swimming .
I loaded the coordinates on my ETrex and swam out to the site .
As soon as I got there , I realized that the terrain had physically changed .
I was a bit concerned that recent storms could have moved the anchor .
And even if the anchor was still there , the ring may not be next to it .
Regardless , I knew that if I found the anchor , I 'd have a very good chance of finding the ring .
I dropped a little white marker with a plastic bag tied to a rope , put on my snorkels , and stuck my head under water .
The water was so clear .
I had never seen it so clear before .
I had a good feeling that I would find it .
I'm Christian , so I said a little prayer .
I said , " God , do n't make it too easy for me because I was feeling a bit confident that I would find it . "
Then I began swimming around .
I figured weeds would have grown over the anchor , so every clumps of weeds I saw , I 'd swim down and have a look .
I covered a lot of ground to no avail .
The water was quite cold , and I was getting tired .
I said another prayer : " God , if the ring is here , it would be nice to show it to me right about now .
I 'm tired from bobbing up and down . "
I swam back towards my marker to start over again .
I had told myself I would look for a minimum of three hours .
I looked at my watch .
Just over an hour .
I stopped and took a deep breath , and started swimming again …
And there it was !
The anchor was right beneath me .
I just could n't believe it .
There were n't even any weeds on it .
I was just so excited , and I thought , wow , I better not lose this spot .
I kept looking at the land to triangulate the spot .
My plan was to go back to get my marker and put it on this spot .
Before I went back , though , I decided to have a quick look &mdash so i went down to the anchor on the snorkel and circled it .
Lo and behold , about three yards away , was the ring .
It was lying flat on the shelly surface , glimmering in the water .
I grabbed it , grabbed the anchor , and pushed up to the surface .
And then I started cheering .
Yeaaaaarhhhh !!
Yahoooo !
Rachel heard me from shore — she was talking on the phone to someone at work about how crazy I was to be in the water .
A couple of people walking their dogs had asked her what the crazy guy in the water was doing .
When I got back to shore , just Rachel and the baby were there .
I held up the ring .
It 's a simple gold band with four rolls , kind of like four thinner rings connected together .
It was slightly tarnished on the inside , and the gold was a bit dull , but you could still see it shine .
I had had this elaborate methodical plan to lay out a search grid on snorkels , then get my scuba gear and metal detector from shore and check each square from my marker .
But I did n't even need that .
I just found it on my snorkels .
" God , you 're just awesome , " I thought .
People read a lot of romantic things into this , but for me it was sort of a challenge .
It 's not the same to buy a new one , you know ?
In the back of my mind , I knew I would find it .
I have honed my diving skills and the ability to search for and identify things underwater from my job —
I 'm usually looking for plants , but I know that it 's important to be familiar with the environment , for example , and to recognize different sediments and substrates at the bottom .
I would have definitely had to use the metal detector if I 'd lost the ring on soft sediment , but here I was dealing with sandy shell .
I later talked to a scientist who maps sand movements , and he said that that particular area had a lot of sand movement .
It 's possible that the ring was buried in sand and then unburied again due to water movements and erosions .
That explains why , on my first go at finding the ring , I only saw logs and murkiness .
I found the ring on July 29 , 2009 .
After that , the Hamilton Press picked up the story , and then it took off on a world scale .
A lot of people emailed me saying what a nice story it was .
On the Internet , some people believed in me all along , some people discounted God , and others thought I had just gone out and bought another ring and pretended I 'd found it .
I realized it had impacted a lot of people .
This experience definitely strengthened my faith .
It 's just the power of prayer , I guess .
Armenia 's Inga and Anush perform at the Eurovision Song Contest
A number of people in Azerbaijan who voted for a song by neighbouring Armenia in the Eurovision Song Contest have been questioned by the police .
One man told the BBC he was accused of being unpatriotic and a " potential security threat " , after he sent a text backing Armenia 's song , Jan Jan .
The Azerbaijani authorities said people had merely been invited to explain why they voted for Armenia .
The two states fought over the disputed Nagorno - Karabakh region in the 1990s .
A total of 43 people in Azerbaijan reportedly voted for Armenia in the competition , but it remains unclear how many of them have been questioned by police .
Svante Stockselius , executive supervisor of the Eurovision Song Contest , said the European Broadcasting Union ( EBU ) was investigating the situation .
Bitter divisons
In November 2008 , the Armenian and Azerbaijani leaders agreed to intensify their efforts to find a political settlement to the row over the territory .
They said they had made significant progress at talks in Prague in May on the sidelines of the EU 's Eastern Partnership summit .
The BBC's South Caucasus correspondent , Tom Esslemont , says it is unclear why the Azeri authorities have chosen to call people in for questioning three months after this year 's Eurovision song contest .
Civil rights campaigners say freedom of expression is increasingly suppressed in Azerbaijan under the presidency of Ilham Aliyev .
Through this latest row , some have even accused his government of attempting to provoke tensions with Armenia , 15 years after the war over Nagorno - Karabakh left the two countries scarred and bitterly divided , our correspondent says .
We want to get as many good contacts as possible .
We need your help by providing us with the best contact information for the Food Not Bombs group in your community .
Please email us your updated information here : menu@foodnotbombs.net
FACEBOOK community
FACEBOOK groups
FACEBOOK movement
FACEBOOK global
TWITTER
This is a list of every Food Not Bombs chapter that has provided their details to our collective .
We include their websites , email addresses , phone numbers and the times , days and locations for when they share free vegan meals in as many cases as possible .
Let us know the contact information for the Food Not Bombs group in your town .
Join our global network and email us with your details .
We are seeking to have the most accurate details about all local groups .
If you are starting a chapter or volunteer with one please make sure this information is correct .
We make every effort to have the most correct contact information .
Food Not Bombs groups are all volunteer and their members sometimes lose their phones , move or the local contacts change with out our knowing it .
If the contact on this list is incorrect that does not mean there is not an active chapter in that community .
You can often find the new contact information by talking to a local natural food store , soup kitchens or people who live outside .
You can also find the correct contact information by contacting chapters in communities in the same region .
They might know who the new volunteers are in your area .
This contact list includes the groups that have provided us with their details and leaves out several hundred chapters we know are active but that we are not able to reach .
We update the contact list at least once each month .
If you do locate the new contact please ask them to e-mail us their correct address , phone number , email and website .
We also like to post the times and locations of when you share food .
The United States Supreme Court followed Montana ’s lead in 2003 in reversing one of its own decisions that had found no such protections for same - sex couples under the United States Constitution .
In 1999 the Montana court held that a woman ’s right to choose abortion was protected , including the choice of her medical provider .
Because the Baxter case involves only the State Constitution , the Montana Supreme Court will have the final word , with no appeal possible to the United States Supreme Court .
But a legal case like the one now under consideration ventures to the frontiers of the human experience  why people choose to die and what role government should play at such moments  and invariably pulls on diverse social and political threads .
And here again , a list of unusual Montana factors have elevated and complicated the debate .
Montana already has one of the highest suicide rates in the nation , for example .
As a huge state with a small population  about one million people in an area more than half the size of Texas  there are pockets of deep rural life where access to health care , in living or dying , is severely limited .
A substantial American Indian minority , with health care and suicide issues of its own , has also weighed in as to whether a right for some is a right for all .
“ There are moral arguments , philosophical arguments on both sides , bioethical arguments on both sides , even medical and public health arguments on both sides , ” Anthony Johnstone , the state solicitor at the Montana attorney general ’s office , who will argue the case for the state , said in defense of current laws that prohibit physician - assisted death .
The state argues that the Constitution confers no right to aid in ending one ’s life .
Some people speaking out about the case , like Bob Liston , are also expressing sentiments that one might not expect .
By Debra Saunders - October 10 , 2009
At the Democratic National Convention in Denver last summer , then - Sen . Barack Obama pledged to " finish the fight against the Taliban in Afghanistan . "
Lately Obama has toned down his rhetoric when it comes to succeeding in Afghanistan .
" I 'm always worried about using the word ' victory , ' because , you know , it invokes this notion of Emperor Hirohito coming down and signing a surrender to MacArthur , " the president told ABC in July .
Apparently the " the audacity of hope " approach does not apply to the U.S. military fighting against al - Qaida and the Taliban .
I can only imagine the jeers that would have followed if Bush Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld had suggested that dissident generals should give their " best advice to the president candidly but privately . "
Yet when Obama Defense Secretary Robert Gates said those words in response to reports that Gen. Stanley McChrystal believes NATO needs as many as 40,000 additional U.S. troops to turn the tide in Afghanistan , Democrats like House Speaker Nancy Pelosi agreed .
Forget all that posturing about the need for generals to give their best assessment .
In 2009 , Pelosi is more focused on the " line of command . "
On the other side of the aisle , Republicans -- yes , including me -- want the brass to go public with their wish lists .
McChrystal has bigger issues before him .
He believes that if Washington fails to provide more troops , then Afghanistan will crumble into " Chaos- istan . "
The Taliban wins , al - Qaida wins and Americans win their eternal disdain .
In one camp , McChrystal advocates sending more troops to win over the Afghan population by wreaking less civilian damage .
In the other camp , some Obama aides support keeping U.S. troop levels around the scheduled 68,000 through this year , while keeping al - Qaida at bay with drones and other air attacks that result in civilian casualties .
Honest people can disagree as to which strategy will succeed .
But it 's hard to understand how Obama can deliver on his 2008 campaign promises if he can't use the word " victory , " and after he has talked to McChrystal only twice since June .
The New York Times reported Wednesday that Obama told GOP Sen .
John McCain that he will not reach a decision on the Afghanistan strategy " leisurely . "
Good .
As Rep. Buck McKeon , R - Santa Clarita ( Los Angeles County ) , and the ranking Republican on the House Armed Services Committee , observed in a conference call after meeting with Obama on Tuesday , delay and doubt undermine the NATO effort .
During a recent visit to Afghanistan , a general told him that every day his Marines get asked by civilians , " When are you leaving ? "
McKeon agreed with Obama on Afghanistan in 2008 .
He agreed with Obama earlier this year .
When it comes to Afghanistan , congressional Republicans will support Obama , as long as they believe he wants to win in the region .
It 's Democrats who may force the president to make not the best military decision , but the best political decision , he can muster .
For his part , McKeon does not want to ask , " If we 're not going to fight it to the best of our ability , then why are we there ? "
A few months ago , when Tim Geithner was on a bond - selling trip to China , he pledged that the US would repay the Chinese in full , prompting howls of laughter from the university in attendance at his speech .
We presume his international counterparts in Europe were more respectful when he told them basically the same thing .
Bloomberg : The U.S. will do “ everything necessary ” to maintain confidence in its currency , he told reporters after attending a meeting of counterparts and central bankers from the Group of Seven in Istanbul .
This includes reining in budget deficits over time to put the country on a more “ sustainable ” path , he said .
“ It is very important to the United States that we continue to have a strong dollar , ” Geithner said .
“ We recognize that the dollar ’s important role in the system conveys special burdens and responsibilities on us and we are going to do everything necessary to make sure we sustain confidence . ”
There are so many interesting aspects to all this , the first being that he has to say this in the first place .
This follows Bernanke 's testimony on the hill , when he was asked repeatedly about the future of the US Dollar .
Basically , everyone 's obsessed with the dollar right now .
But beyond that , the foreign central bankers know that Geithner is writing a check he can't credibly cash .
It 's not under his ability to get deficits under control .
With our broken down political system , and an inability to make hard choices , nobody has the power .
We can always hope , of course , but then we 've heard that is n't really much of a strategy .
Mr Murdoch has already said he plans to charge visitors to his websites Rupert Murdoch has said it is time for internet search engines and other websites to start to pay for any news reports they currently take for free .
Mr Murdoch , owner of media giant News Corporation , said such sites would soon have to pay for any content taken from his firm 's many news providers .
He was speaking at the World Media Summit in Beijing , where his comments were backed by some of his competitors .
Associated Press boss Tom Curley said news providers were being " exploited " .
' Act decisively '
" The aggregators and plagiarists will soon have to pay a price for the co-opting of our content , " said Mr Murdoch , whose company owns newspapers including the Sun and the Times in the UK , and the New York Post and Wall Street Journal in the US .
" If we do not take advantage of the current movement toward paid content , it will be the content creators - the people in this hall - who will pay the ultimate price and the content kleptomaniacs who triumph . "
The BBC's Chris Hogg said Mr Murdoch warned global news executives who had gathered for the summit that many news providers faced going out of business unless they started to charge websites such as Google , Yahoo and Facebook for carrying their content .
We will no longer tolerate the disconnect between people who devote themselves - at great human and economic cost - to gathering news of public interest and those who profit from it without supporting it
AP boss Tom Curley Mr Murdoch 's comments came two months after he said online readers would soon have to pay to access news content across New Corporation 's websites .
Mr Curley said news content creators had " been too slow to react to the free exploitation of news by third parties without input or permission " .
" Crowd - sourcing web services such as Wikipedia , YouTube and Facebook , have become preferred customer destinations for breaking news , displacing websites of traditional news publishers , " he added .
Mr Curley said news providers had to " decisively act to take back control of our content " .
" We will no longer tolerate the disconnect between people who devote themselves - at great human and economic cost - to gathering news of public interest and those who profit from it without supporting it . "
Mr Curley said earlier this week that Associated Press was considering selling news stories to some websites , such as Google or Yahoo , exclusively for a certain period , such as half an hour .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In a question and answer session this week , at a high school in Arlington , Virginia , President Obama cautioned a group of 14 and 15 year olds to be careful of what they post online .
He was too cautious by half .
The question was from a student who wanted to be president some day and asked for advice on career paths .
According to the White House 's transcript , the current president said , in the first of what he called " practical tips " for ambitious young people :
I want everybody here to be careful about what you post on Facebook – because in the YouTube age , whatever you do , it will be pulled up again later somewhere in your life .
And when you 're young , you make mistakes and you do some stupid stuff .
And I 've been hearing a lot about young people who , you know , they 're posting stuff on Facebook , and then suddenly they go apply for a job and somebody has done a search and , so that 's some practical political advice for you right there .
The president may have been right about this in today 's world .
I hope he 's wrong in tomorrow's .
Let 's unpack what he said to see why .
It 's absolutely true that young people make mistakes and do stupid things .
Anyone who does n't commit youthful stupidities is either inhuman or stunningly boring and inconsequential .
Who wants someone like that to be in charge of anything as an adult ?
Not me .
But it does n't follow , as the president suggested , that posting weird ( to older people ) things on the web — in blogs , social networks and the like — should be an automatic turnoff or disqualification for a responsible job later on .
The notion of punishing someone decades later for what he or she said or did as a teenager or college student just feels wrong to me .
A journalism student where I teach recently asked if it was advisable to have a personal blog or , if so , to be outspoken on it .
He 'd apparently been warned that it could put a crimp in his future journalism career plans .
I can't say how others would react .
I do know that if I were hiring someone today I 'd want to know what ( not if ) he or she posted online , not to find disqualifying factors but to see if this is an interesting person .
I 'd take for granted that I might find some things that were risque or inappropriate for my current world .
I 'd expect to find things that would be " unjournalistic " in some ways , such as outspoken or foolish ( or both ) views on important people and issues .
But I 'd also remember my own ability , if not tendency , to be an idiot when I was that age .
And I 'd discount appropriately .
This is all about giving people what my friend Esther Dyson has called a " statute of limitations on stupidity . "
If we do n't all start cutting each other more slack in this increasingly transparent ( often by our own choice ) society , we 'll only allow drones into positions of authority .
Now that 's really scary .
We 're making progress , probably more than Obama gives us credit for .
Recall that it was impossible for a Catholic to be president , until John F Kennedy was elected .
It was impossible for a divorced person to be elected until Ronald Reagan won .
It was impossible for a former pot smoker to be president until Bill Clinton ( who bizarrely claimed not to have inhaled ) got elected .
And so on .
How we make these judgements is neither clear nor simple .
Robert McDonnell , a candidate for governor in Virginia , is taking hits for a 20 - year - old master 's thesis in which he denounced programs that encouraged women to work outside the home and said working women were bad for families .
He wants voters to ignore all this and concentrate on what he says are his positions now .
McDonnell deserves some slack , too , but he wrote the thesis when he was in his mid-30s , not his early 20s or younger .
His record as a legislator since then has been extremely conservative , as well .
What he said two decades ago is obviously more relevant , given the circumstances , than what a student posts on a high - school Facebook page today .
In the foreseeable future , we 'll elect a president who had blog or Facebook wall or MySpace page when she was a teenager and college student .
By the standards of today she 'll be utterly disqualified for any serious political job .
But because we 'll have grown as a society , not just more tolerant of flaws but understanding that we all have feet of clay in some respect , we 'll elect her anyway , because we 'll realise that the person she became — and how that happened — is what counts .
This article first appeared on Mediactive , and is published under a Creative Commons attribution - noncommercial - share alike 3.0 ( US ) license
Shark fins are prized in Asia for use in soup A complete ban on the " barbaric " practice of shark fin removal is to come into force in Scotland within weeks , it has been announced .
Special permits have been needed for the practice since 2004 but Rural Affairs Secretary Richard Lochhead said the ban would now be made absolute .
It would apply to all Scottish vessels , regardless of where they fish , and to any other vessel in the Scottish zone .
Shark fins are prized in Asia for use in soup .
EU countries have been the main exporters .
A European action plan was announced in April but the Scottish government and Mr Lochhead said Scotland planned to go further .
Shark finning is an incredibly wasteful practice , with over 90 % in weight of the shark being discarded and many species targeted threatened with extinction
Louize Hill
WWF Scotland Ministers plan to make an order at Holyrood which would ban the practice without exception .
Mr Lochhead , who has urged Brussels to follow Scotland 's lead , said : " Some shark populations are close to extinction , so I am delighted that Scotland is bringing an end to such a barbaric practice .
" As one of Europe 's most important fishing nations we have a duty to show that we are serious about protecting the sustainability of our seas , their stocks and the wider marine ecosystem , not just through words but with action .
" Scotland has been praised in the past for taking a stand on shark finning .
Now we are once again taking decisive action and sending out a strong , unequivocal message to the rest of Europe . "
Ali Hood , director of conservation for the Shark Trust , said : " We applaud Scotland on its further action in urging the European Commission to review the finning legislation and ensure all sharks caught by European vessels are landed with their fins naturally attached . "
Louize Hill , marine policy officer at conservation group WWF Scotland , said : " We warmly welcome this ban .
Shark finning is an incredibly wasteful practice , with over 90 % in weight of the shark being discarded and many species targeted threatened with extinction .
" It has become clear that the only effective way to protect these vulnerable species is through a ban .
" We back the strong line taken by the Scottish government and urge the European Commission to follow Scotland 's lead and ensure sharks are offered protection in all European waters . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Description : Capri is convinced to have a boob massage by her unnamed friend .
Mmmm , boobies .
Views : 472199 Date : January 4 , 2009 Favorited : 110
Lol I 've been keeping an eye out for something like this ... it 's funny how none of the WoW art has bags in the pics .
They should do something like this for one of the loading screens : D
Der 20 - Jährige , der am Sonntag vor zwei Wochen von der Polizei verhaftet worden war , hat sich nach Informationen der dpa in der Untersuchungshaft in Berlin das Leben genommen .
Der junge Mann sei in seiner Zelle tot aufgefunden worden .
Ein Sprecher der Justizverwaltung bestätigte den Selbstmord eines 20 - Jährigen in der Berliner Jugendstrafanstalt Plötzensee , wollte aber zu weiteren Einzelheiten keine Angaben machen .
Der Mann aus Erlangen war am Sonntag vor zwei Wochen in den Räumen der StudiVZ unter anderem wegen versuchter Erpressung von der Polizei verhaftet worden .
Die Ermittler warfen dem Verdächtigen vor , Daten von mehreren Hunderttausend Nutzern der VZ - Netzwerke abgesaugt und diese dem Netzwerkbetreiber schließlich zum Kauf angeboten zu haben .
Die erneute Daten - Affäre bei dem populären Netzwerk hatte für erhebliches Medienecho gesorgt .
Siehe dazu auch :
( vbr )
Het Hongkongs dagblad ‘ South China Morning Post ’ vroeg zich naar aanleiding van het 60 - jarig bestaan van de Volksrepubliek af hoe China eruit zal zien in 2049 .
De vele gecontacteerde wetenschappers zijn het eens dat China zal opklimmen naar de economische topplaats op het wereldpodium .
Er is een consensus dat de evolutie van sterke groei gedurende de laatste jaren geen toevallige opflakkering is .
Er wordt verwacht dat China ’s productie over 40 jaar het dubbele zal bedragen dan in de Verenigde Staten .
Volgens de Chinese econoom Mao Yushi zal de economie niet enkel groter zijn , maar ook gezonder .
De dienstensector zal groeien van 41 % tot 80 % van het BNP .
De groteske handelsonevenwichten zullen verminderen door de uitbouw van de binnenlandse markt .
Mao voorspelt dat 300 à 400 ondernemingen van ‘s werelds top -500 Chinees zullen zijn , en vooral uit de sectoren telecommunicatie , auto ’s , banken , petrochemie en elektronica zullen komen .
Wanneer de huidige beperkingen in de telecommunicatie opgeheven zullen zijn , zal dit het meest dynamische element zijn in de economie .
De farmaceutische firma ’s en onderzoeksinstituten zullen de top bereiken inzake biotechnologie , deeltjesfysica , genetisch engineering en andere .
Mao berekende dat China tegen 2049 bij de top - 30 van gemoderniseerde staten zal behoren .
In 2049 zal de levensstandaard hoger liggen dan in de VS nu , maar toch twee derden achter liggen op die van de Amerikanen dan .
Volgens Albert Keidel , Chinaspecialist van de ‘ Carnegie Endowment for International Peace ’ , is het zo goed als zeker dat het economisch leiderschap ook de leiding in de handel en de instituties met zich zal meebrengen .
Wisselingen in China ’s interne vraag zullen met argusogen gevolgd worden door de internationale instellingen , wegens de weerslag in andere landen .
De Verenigde Staten zullen een belangrijke tweede plaats innemen , maar ze zullen toegevingen moeten doen en hun unilateraal optreden zal worden gekortwiekt , aldus nog Keidel .
Volgens Mc Kinsey zal dan 80 % van de bevolking in de steden leven , vergeleken met 44 % nu .
De Gini- coëfficient , die de ongelijkheid meet , zal daardoor volgens Mao dalen van 0,46 tot 0,3 à 0,4 .
Binnen 20 jaar zal China ’s bevolking kleiner worden dan deze van India , en volgens een VN - voorspelling zal de seniorenbevolking boven 65 stijgen van 8 % tot een kwart van de bevolking .
Dit betekent ook meer kosten voor de vergrijzing en gezondheid en het verminderen van de spaarquote .
Het economisch leiderschap impliceert niet noodzakelijk een technologisch leiderschap .
Ook wordt niet verwacht dat de economische dominantie aanleiding zou geven tot meer militair dominant optreden .
China wil vooral stabiliteit op het thuisfront en minder zijn ideologie opdringen aan andere naties , aldus Stanley Rosen , directeur van het ‘ East Asian Studies Centre ’ bij de Universiteit van Zuid - Californië .
Wel zou een siniseringsgolf doorheen de cultuur gaan , met een groei in het aanleren van de taal door studenten en merken die meer gaan inspelen op de smaak en voorkeur van de Chinese verbruiker .
Als China geen klimaatpolitiek zou invoeren , zou de temperatuur met 2,7 ° stijgen tegen 2050 ; met een bewuste politiek zal de uitstoot pieken in 2030 en daarna vallen tot onder de niveaus van 2005 .
Wat de politieke evolutie betreft , is het wat koffiedik kijken .
Er wordt gedacht dat , hoewel een democratisering naar westers model niet zal plaats grijpen , de burgers toch dichter zullen betrokken worden bij het beleid , zoals nu reeds vaak gebeurt via hearings , discussie via internet , klachten - en kliklijnen … .
Van onze kant zouden we daaraan willen toevoegen : een grotere rol van NGO ’s en thinktanks bij het beleid en ook meer democratisering binnen de CCP zelf .
Verwacht wordt dat autonome politieke krachten ( buiten de acht democratische partijtjes ) zullen verboden blijven .
Zie ook Dialogue - uitzending met John Naisbitt over zijn boek China ’s megatrends ; en Dialogue met de Chinese professor Cheng Siwei over China ’s pad van ontwikkeling
The end of the last ice age was a busy time in North America .
As a whole , the world seemed to be in the process of exiting the long cold snap nearly 15,000 years ago , but there was a sudden return to icy conditions that lasted nearly 2,000 years .
At about the same time , the first humans made their presence felt in North America , and many of the larger species of fauna went extinct .
Over the past few years , a series of papers have built the case that everything other than the arrival of humans could be tied together nicely by the impact of a series of carbon - rich meteors or comets that burst in the air over North America , setting off massive fires locally , and blocking the sun globally .
Today , PNAS is releasing a paper that calls all of that into question for a very simple reason : they tried to reproduce some of the results , and failed .
The events in question take place during a period called the Younger Dryas , named for a plant that did well during the cold .
As the graphs below show , temperatures had been rising steadily from the depths of the ice age until 12,900 years ago , at which point they quickly reverted to their previous , frigid levels .
It took well over 1,000 years before they 'd return to the sort of warm that we 've enjoyed for the last 10,000 years or so .
But climate was n't the only thing that was changing ; North America saw major species losses , with a lot of its megafauna going extinct within a relatively short period of time .
The plunge in temperatures during the Younger Dryas correlate with a rise in fresh water reaching the oceans .
Traditionally , that has been ascribed to the combination of the arrival of the Clovis culture 's hunters and climate change .
The climate change itself was a bit harder to pin down , but a number of people have pointed a scientific finger at the draining of massive lakes , such as Lake Agassiz , that had built up behind glacial dams .
During the first warming , these dams broke , releasing massive amounts of fresh water into the North Atlantic , and altering the ocean 's circulation in a way that returned the planet to its icy state .
The new papers , generally published by a relatively small set of researchers , challenged those interpretations .
They focused on the presence of dark organic sediments , called " black mats , " that are associated with many of the first Clovis sites .
The collaborators have argued that these dark sediments literally represent burnt material , with massive fires set off by the impact of extraterrestrial objects .
Reports linked the black mats to magnetic and metallic grains , chemicals specific to soot , and , perhaps most tellingly , nanodiamonds , which can only form under a limited number of high - temperature , high - pressure conditions , such as those created by an impact .
The new paper challenges only one aspect of that data : the presence of high levels microscopic magnetic spheres in the same sediment layers as the other signs of a potential impact .
These items do form at a constant rate from the impact of micrometeors , but may appear at higher numbers during a period of more intense bombardment .
The authors tracked the levels of these magnetic microspheres at a series of seven Clovis - era sites , including two used by the authors to argue in favor of an impact .
In one case , they obtained samples only a few centimeters away from the previous ones .
What they found , however , is nothing like the results that appeared in the previous papers .
" Although concentrations of magnetic grains vary by more than two orders of magnitude among all study sites , no individual site shows clear evidence of uniquely enhanced levels of magnetic grains in YDB samples , " the authors state , noting that the majority of their sites actually show a decrease at this time .
They term this " a discrepancy between the two studies that is particularly troublesome . "
They suggest that local conditions , such as the presence of flowing water , might dominate a site 's properties and cause extensive variability .
Obviously , that 's just one piece of evidence out of a more extensive list that has been used to argue in favor of an impact .
But the authors note that a separate study has raised questions about how extensive the evidence for massive fires is .
In addition , the radically different results may suggest that there 's a problem with the method of assigning samples to specific dates , which might call into question some of the more compelling findings , like the presence of nanodiamonds .
In any case , it 's an interesting scientific controversy that does n't appear to be going away anytime soon , as those who favor the impact idea will undoubtedly have more to add .
It does n't really say much about our understanding of climate change , as either or both of the events — an impact and the draining of Lake Agassiz — seem more than sufficient to have global consequences .
But the controversy also says important things about science in general .
Various critics of science argue that contrary views do n't get published , or complain that historical science is immune to the sort of reproducibility that takes place in laboratory - based science .
The back - and - forth here shows that neither of those appears to be especially true .
PNAS , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0907857106
This is a guest post by Christian .
He is a switch male of the D/s lifestyle for the past 14 years .
For my first post here I am going to write about something I get asked a fair bit .
How does one raise kids in a D/s household ?
As one with several kids I thought I should talk just a moment on this .
It does interest me how others deal with this so I would like to know how others feel as well .
My own history of being raised in a D/s household ( unbeknownst to me ) my entire life also puts me in a unique position to speak on this as well .
It is obvious to me now how my folks are and the thought had crossed my mind once I became aware there was a whole underground community at the age of 18 .
But until it was stated clearly I would have never known for sure .
In most ways , my owner and I approach this thing very much as my parents did .
They did as much as possible to shield me from their unique lifestyle as do we .
And just like they did I imagine there will be a day when I ( or my owner ) will have an honest open conversation about such things .
I want them to know there is a lifestyle that exists like this , and make their own decisions about what to do with that knowledge .
Unlike my mother though , I will try to tell them at some point in their life when it will be helpful to them if they need that .
I suspect one or two of them may be exactly like us .
As an adolescent , I struggled with my strange thoughts and feelings .
It never even occurred to me there were others like me .
And it was happening right in my own home !
It would have been some helpful knowledge at that time .
But for now , it is my priority as a parent to not spoil their innocence in any way .
It is a precious thing and my children are a far higher priority than this life I lead .
Do n’t misunderstand , we are very serious about our lifestyle , and it does not take a break ever .
But when it comes to my children they just do n’t need to know about this thing right now .
It must be ridiculously obvious to my children who “ wears the pants ” in the family .
But they think only that .
I do n’t address my owner with things like “ mistress ” or even call her my “ owner ” with the children about .
We do have ways of communicating that are our secret way when they are about .
We have code words for different things that mean one thing to an uninvolved bystander but a completely another thing to us .
There are obvious and subtle ways that one can serve without making one 's submission obvious .
You are just simply fulfilling the things that need to be done about the house .
Like making breakfast , picking up the kids from school , doing the grocery shopping , and a thousand other mundane tasks your owner may not particularly enjoy .
While those of us who enjoy service will be very happy to do those things .
Now BDSM play is a whole other matter entirely of course .
I know this sort of thing is probably not an option for a lot of people , but this is one reason we hired a nanny for the kids .
She manages to keep them busy and away from the house on activities quite often .
And even our teenager enjoys going out with them from time to time , but being a teenager she also has her own life and priorities at the moment and most times that does not involve hanging around her boring parents .
Most of the time she goes out with her girlfriend and they are gone for as long as we allow her .
There are numerous things in BDSM that one can do to be discreet while living with children .
Wax play , needles , bondage on its own is quiet of course , and if you want to do the spanking thing there are numerous implements that are themselves silent .
Now keeping a sub quiet is another matter entirely but that is where a good ball gag comes in handy .
There is also something called figging , which by a quick look around the Internet I see has become quite popular .
So having kids can be a challenge in this lifestyle but I do recommend being honest with them at some point in their life .
They deserve to come to this knowledge just as much as other things in this life .
What they choose to do with said knowledge should be up to them .
Try not to be disappointed when they choose one way or the other too .
Remember they are doing that because it makes them happy .
You will have to trust them that they ( or their owner ) will keep themselves safe .
These are just some of my varied thoughts on this .
I hope to hear from others on their opinions .
Thank you .
Christian is a switch male of the D/s lifestyle for the past 14 years .
He was introduced to the lifestyle and the society that at that time was extremely underground at 18 years of age .
He was raised ( unbeknownst to him until just recently ) in a D/s household as well .
In addition , his grandparents also were of the lifestyle .
Christian am currently collared to his owner of 10 years who is bi-sexual and also has another female submissive .
You can contact him at christian0539@gmail.com
Wild dog waits on the platform
The clever canines board the Tube each morning .
After a hard day scavenging and begging on the streets , they hop back on the train and return to the suburbs where they spend the night .
( Pics )
Experts studying the dogs say they even work together to make sure they get off at the right stop – after learning to judge the length of time they need to spend on the train .
The mutts choose the quietest carriages at the front and back of the train .
They have also developed tactics to hustle humans into giving them more food on the streets of Moscow .
Scientists believe the phenomenon began after the Soviet Union collapsed in the 1990s , and Russia ’s new capitalists moved industrial complexes from the city centre to the suburbs .
Dr Andrei Poiarkov , of the Moscow Ecology and Evolution Institute , said : “ These complexes were used by homeless dogs as shelters , so the dogs had to move together with their houses .
Because the best scavenging for food is in the city centre , the dogs had to learn how to travel on the subway – to get to the centre in the morning , then back home in the evening , just like people . ”
Dr Poiarkov told how the dogs like to play during their daily commute .
He said : “ They jump on the train seconds before the doors shut , risking their tails getting jammed .
They do it for fun .
And sometimes they fall asleep and get off at the wrong stop . ”
The dogs have learned to use traffic lights to cross the road safely , said Dr Poiarkov .
And they use cunning tactics to obtain tasty morsels of shawarma , a kebab - like snack popular in Moscow .
They sneak up behind people eating shawarmas – then bark loudly to shock them into dropping their food .
With children the dogs “ play cute ” by putting their heads on youngsters ’ knees and staring pleadingly into their eyes to win sympathy – and scraps .
Dr Poiarkov added : “ Dogs are surprisingly good psychologists . ”
The Moscow mutts are not the first animals to use public transport .
In 2006 a Jack Russell in Dunnington , North Yorks , began taking the bus to his local pub in search of sausages .
And two years ago passengers in Wolverhampton were stunned when a cat called Macavity started catching the 331 bus to a fish and chip shop .
Via The Sun
When Sophia Loren turned 72 three years ago , she celebrated by posing semi-naked for a Pirelli calendar alongside a handful of women less than half her age .
Wearing a silk negligée , she draped herself languorously under a bedsheet with her head tilted sensually upwards in a suggestion of ecstatic abandon .
A Vatican aide was moved to comment that , if the Pope ever changed his stance on human cloning , it would be because of Loren .
In the same year , Brigitte Bardot was photographed on her way to a meeting with Nicolas Sarkozy , then French interior minister , to discuss cruelty against Canadian seals .
Bardot was dressed in black and limping on crutches because of a nagging hip complaint .
According to one mid-market tabloid , her appearance was marked by " sagging jowls covered in heavy make - up and a wiry , unkempt patch of greying hair " .
The comparison might seem ungracious , but Bardot has the misfortune of being almost exactly the same age as her fellow actress : this month they will both turn 75 within days of each other .
These two cinematic legends of the 1960s have chosen to age in very different ways , provoking very different public reactions .
Their forthcoming birthdays prompt the inevitable question : how should an icon best grow old ?
Dennis Nothdurft , curator of the Fashion and Textile Museum in London , believes it is an almost impossible conundrum .
" The problem with being an icon is that it precludes them ever changing , " he says .
" We create icons , we associate them with a period of time , and then we want them to stay in that period . "
And it is true that we do not expect our sex symbols to age .
We want them to remain youthful and pouting at their most delectable , like insects in amber .
If they do have the temerity to grow older , we expect them to be like Loren and segue seamlessly from sexpot youthfulness to granny glamour .
We find it more difficult to fathom when , like Bardot , they choose to retire from public life , set up an animal welfare foundation and refuse to care about the creeping onset of their decrepitude .
" Brigitte Bardot has bowed out of the limelight , has refused plastic surgery and has n't tried to maintain her looks , " says Nothdurft .
" That 's quite refreshing because it 's realistic .
It is ageing on her own terms , not buying into the system , whereas Sophia Loren has completely embraced the idea of being attractive and sexual as an older woman , and she looks fantastic . "
In their heyday Bardot and Loren came to epitomise the dual archetypes of fame and sexual power .
Bardot , the star of New Wave French cinema who made her name in Roger Vadim 's 1956 film And God Created Woman , was the blonde sex kitten whose natural femininity ushered in a new era of sexual authenticity .
Loren , a former beauty pageant contestant from Naples who won a 1960 Academy Award for Two Women , was the brunette studio star who seeped stylised glamour from every pore .
" It was almost a cliché of the iconic brunette and the blonde stereotype , " says Rebecca Lowthorpe , fashion features director of Elle magazine .
" Bardot was more of a sexpot or bunny girl , while Loren was more of a sultry sophisticate .
Both epitomised their nations ' stereotypical style : the French nymphette sex toy and the Italian woman with full - on , big - haired glamour . "
But their impact went deeper than this .
In the 1960s , when the straitlaced morality of the previous decade was being overturned by the dawn of sexual freedom , Loren and Bardot seemed to embody a new kind of woman who crossed traditional boundaries .
Loren scandalously married the divorced film producer Carlo Ponti at a time when Italy did not recognise divorce .
She allegedly went on to have affairs with JFK , Peter Sellers and Omar Sharif .
The four - times - married Bardot , with her on - screen sexuality and off - screen promiscuity , prompted the feminist existentialist Simone de Beauvoir to write in 1962 that the actress was " as much hunter as she is prey …
Bardot is as important an export [ to France ] as Renault automobiles . "
Bardot 's sexual allure was thus not simply a ploy to ensnare men , but rather a challenge to other women .
She was unapologetic about her sexuality : it seemed to be , like so much else about her , entirely natural .
According to the art dealer James Hyman , who is showing an exhibition of Bardot photographs at his London gallery to coincide with her birthday , Bardot was the antithesis of the manufactured film star of a previous age .
" She was natural , she went barefoot , she did n't brush her hair , she wore no makeup , she wore [ flat - soled ] pumps because she trained as a ballet dancer .
It 's that image of freedom , exuberance and youth .
She stood up as being authentic , instinctive , free .
For women , it was a feminist thing ; it was about women behaving as men did , taking lovers and having affairs . "
Part of Bardot 's enduring influence was also attributable to the emergence of the paparazzo .
" She was very , very savvy and she knew the importance of press reporters and paparazzi , " says Hyman .
" It was the paparazzi who made her a star and she was complicit with that .
They were not staged studio shots , but they catered for an age that wanted images of stars being more candid . "
In contrast to Bardot 's laissez - faire attitude , Loren was always careful of the image she presented of herself and , in many ways , this difference of approach is reflected in their individual attitudes towards the ageing process .
Michael Winner , the restaurant critic and former film director who is a close friend of Loren , says that she is " very proud of her appearance " and " always very conscious , actually , of being photographed by members of the public , in case they got that one picture where she does n't look any good , which can happen to all of us . "
In 1979 , when Winner was directing Loren in Firepower , he remembers getting a phone call from the actress some weeks after filming had stopped .
" She asked : ' Have you got Paris Match ? '
I said : ' No , I do n't get Paris Match , what 's in it ? '
She said : ' There are 10 pages of me sunbathing topless in Antigua , do you think I should sue ? '
I said : ' Well Sophia , what do your breasts look like ? '
She said : ' Very good , actually , ' and I said : ' Well , in that case , send them a thank - you note . ' "
Whereas Bardot made a forte of appearing as natural as possible , Loren cultivated the image she wished to present of herself .
This fundamental distinction was greatly magnified once their career paths began to diverge .
After appearing in more than 50 films from the age of 18 , Bardot announced her retirement just before her 40th birthday .
Choosing to devote herself to animal rights , she became a vegetarian and in 1986 established the Brigitte Bardot Foundation for the welfare and protection of animals in St Tropez .
In recent years she has gained a reputation for eccentricity and outspokenness .
In 2008 Bardot wrote an open letter to the US Republican vice - presidential nominee , Sarah Palin , accusing her of being " a disgrace to women " , and since 1997 she has been convicted five times of inciting racial hatred after comments made about the " Islamisation of France " .
Loren , on the other hand , continues to work as an actress and is currently filming the musical Nine alongside Daniel Day - Lewis .
She has famously claimed that her physique is a consequence of a daily diet of pasta .
" Everything you see , " she once said , " I owe to spaghetti . "
" Sophia Loren never changed her career , " says Hyman .
" There is the occasional unpleasant newspaper article about how Bardot has let herself go , but the thing is that Bardot stepped away from the life she had as a young woman .
It [ her appearance ] symbolises her turning her back on her earlier life .
Loren is still engaging with her earlier life ; she is still a star . "
Winner puts it more succinctly : " Sophia is a great professional .
She keeps working and she knows that , because of that , you 'd better keep looking lovely .
Brigitte Bardot is into saving cats .
You do n't need to look beautiful to pick up stray cats . "
Both choices , in their own way , are admirable .
Bardot , a woman of immense fame and beauty in her youth , has deliberately chosen to step outside the limelight and chart her life along a different course .
Her charm has always been her naturalness : whether as a 19 - year - old wearing a bikini on the beach at Cannes or as a woman in her 70s who is not afraid of displaying her wrinkle lines in public .
Loren , by contrast , defies any thought of retirement and continues to preserve her appearance and image in order to carry on working as she has always done .
" The broader point with Sophia Loren and Brigitte Bardot is that it depends on the individual woman 's view of how she wants to look as she ages , " says Dr Nick Lowe , consultant dermatologist at the Cranley Clinic in London .
" They 've probably had two different lifestyles . "
It is a simple point but a crucial one .
Loren and Bardot might be the same age and come from similar backgrounds , but they have grown into two different women who have chosen two different lives and who feel no need to explain themselves .
At 75 , they are making their own rules .
And that , perhaps , is the most iconic thing about them both .
Rep. Pete Stark ( D - Calif. ) told a constituent at a recent townhall meeting that he would n't " waste the urine " to pee on the man 's leg .
As the San Francisco Chronicle reports , and a video confirms , the man stood near the congressman and listed off what he felt were " smoke and mirrors " promises in the Obama administration 's healthcare reform proposal .
At the close of his remarks , which he delivered in a civil tone , the constituent said : " Mr. Congressman , do n't pee on my leg and tell me it 's raining . "
Some in the crowd whooped and cheered , but Stark , who is known for his sharp tongue , responded calmly :
ADVERTISEMENT
" Well , I would n't dignify you by peeing on your leg .
It would n't be worth wasting the urine .
" Stark 's response drew a mixture of boos and cheers from the attendees .
Several Democratic lawmakers had run-ins with constituents at townhall meetings held over the August recess as interest groups encouraged protestors to confront their lawmakers .
As for the congressman , he stood " stark " for about 10 seconds while the audience responded , then raised a patrician eyebrow at the crowd before taking the next question .
The video is available on YouTube
My wife and I took my mom to The Time Traveler ’s Wife , a convoluted SF romance starring Eric Bana and Rachel McAdams .
The movie is based on the book by the same name , written by Audrey Niffenegger .
Â
I have n’t read the book yet , but it ’s on my must - read list .
Â
In the movie , Bana plays Henry , a man with an extremely rare genetic disorder which causes him to time travel both forward and backward .
He has no control over when and where he goes .
McAdams plays Clare , the title character who becomes his wife .
Their relationship is … complicated .
He meets her for the first time when he ’s 20 - something , and she ’s in college .
She meets him for the first time when he ’s 40 - something and she ’s five years old .
Like any relationship , they have good times and bad times , but unlike other relationships , the good times for one person often coincide with bad times for the other person .
When Henry travels , it just him , no clothing or anything .
Â
This makes for some amusing and awkward situations as he shows up in various places without clothes .
Â
In particular , he ’s very lucky when he first meets Clare that she did n’t tell her parents about the naked man she met in the woods by their house , or Henry might have ended up in jail .
Â
Those scenes were rather creepy anyway , not because of anything Henry does or says , but because you know that he is married to her in the future , and it is just plain weird .
Â
The time traveling effect , the only special effect in the movie , is pretty neat , with his flesh evaporating like a mist , often starting from his hands and then leaving his clothes to fall limply to the floor .
Â
But I think it was overused in scenes where it made no real difference .
Â
For instance , in the wedding scene , a younger Henry has the pre-wedding jitters and disappears , only to be replaced by a Henry with gray in his hair .
Â
This provokes much murmuring during the ceremony but has no real effect on the plot .
Â
And then the younger Henry reappears during the reception .
Â
If there was any real point to the jumping in this scene , I really did n’t see it .
Â
Perhaps if we were more privy to Henry ’s internal reactions this would have an interesting effect on his behavior after these jumps , but as the movie is it just seemed like a waste of a perfectly good plot element .
Of the three theories of time travel I ’ve discussed before , this movie falls firmly under # 3 “ Time is written in stone ” .
Â
Henry tells
Clare that heÂ has tried many times to prevent the death of his mother , but he never makes it to the right place by the right time and everything always happens like it happened before .
Â
As I ’ve mentioned before , I believe this type of time travel could only exist in the presence of a higher power , because something all - powerful must be guiding actions to make sure that nothing could be affected by Henry ’s foreknowledge .
Â
This is never more true than in this movie , with the supernatural hand manifesting itself most strongly in the timing of Henry ’s seemingly random travels .
The movie was relatively good , but I do n’t think it was as good as it could be , for two major reasons .
First , I have never been impressed by Eric Bana .
He really needs to work on his facial expressions , he has the facial range of Joan Rivers .
I just ca n’t bring myself to care about any character he plays because of it .
At least his character is more sympathetic than his lead role in Lucky
You , where he plays a compulsive gambler who steals money from his girlfriend and has no redeeming qualities whatsoever , although his acting range is much more suited for the role of a professional gambler since he has a permanent poker face .
And the likeability of Henry is all in the writing , NOT in his acting .
Thank goodness Rachel McAdams can act , or this movie would ’ve been completely unsalvageable .
Â
As it is she carried Bana ’s incompetence throughout it and managed to make a movie that I could stand , and which I could actually react emotionally to .
Â
Through her reactions I could even feel sorry for Henry and his ailment , something which Henry himself did not manage to do .
Second , the chronology was needlessly confusing .
When each scene started I had to take a step back and ask “ When did this happen and what are the ages of Henry and Clare .
Â
This one could have easily been avoided simply with some planning of how the movie was laid out .
Â
The easiest way would have been to follow a chronology from just ONE of the two character ’s lives , and let us figure out some of the strange reactions of the others as we went .
Â
And since Clare is the title character , and since her chronology is easier to follow anyway as it is easily cued by her hairstyle , and cues from the world around her . Â
But instead , a scene jump would sometimes follow Clare , sometimes follow Henry , in haphazard arrangement , leaving me to guess at the beginning of each scene when this took place , and lifting me much too far out of my movie - watcher trance .
Â
As an alternative , instead of changing the scene ordering , they could simply have put a caption on the screen listing the year and the age of both of them .
But overall I thought it was decently good , and my mom even liked it .
Â
Finding a movie that we can both enjoy is a real challenge , so it ’s a definite note of success whenever we can actually pull it off .
Â
I have n’t read the book that this movie is based on yet , but it is high on my “ to read ” list .
Â
I hope that the parts I did n’t like about the movie were the fualt of the movie - makers and not the writer of the book .
Now , for those of you who hate SPOILERS , like I do when I ’m reading a review , stop now , because I ’m going to tell what happens .
BEGIN SPOILERS !!
The complicated plotlines become even more complicated when Henry and Clare start trying to have children .
Â
Clare has miscarriage after miscarriage and they eventually drum up the unproven theory that each baby has inherited Henry ’s time traveling gene and is time travelling right out of the womb .
Â
Although they never come across proof of this theory ( which is probably a good thing , as that involve the moviemakers splattering a fetus across a stage ) , Henry becomes more and more apprehensive about having a baby at all .
Â
He does n’t want the kid to have to suffer through the condition he ’s had to suffer through .
Â
This opens the movie up for quite an emotional quagmire which I am not quite sure how sort the ethics of .
Â
Henry secretly gets a vasectomy , because Clare refuses to agree that not having kids is the right thing to do .
Â
He eventually confesses to her , and she is furious .
Â
The next time a younger Henry , one without a vasectomy , passes through her time , they have sex and voila she ’s pregnant .
Â
Before she carries the baby to term
Henry meets the girl , Alba , who has indeed inherited his time - traveling .
Â
She says she ’s a “ prodigy ” because she ’s able to control it .
Â
The plot now gets even more convoluted because there are Albas of two different ages all over the place .
Â
The older Alba knows what happens in the future and she tells the younger Alba and Henry , but Henry makes her promise not to tell her mother , driving another wedge between them .
Partway through the movie , Clare and Henry glimpse another Henry traveling momentarily through their time with a bleeding wound in his gut .
Â
He ’s gone after a few seconds leaving them both with a feeling of dread .
Â
Clare has never seen him when he ’s above forty or so .
Â Alba confirms that Henry died when she was five .
Â
So the rest of the movie is mostly waiting to find out how Henry dies .
In the end , Henry ’s death is just a freak accident .
Â
He travels into a forest where Clare ’s father is hunting ( his love for hunting was well established early on .
Â
At the time , Henry ’s legs are unusable because he is still recovering from a bout of hypothermia .
Â
He pops into place sitting in the snow in the middle of the woods right by a buck .
Â
He looks around wildly , sees her father from quite a ways away .
Â
Her father shoots at the buck and hits Henry instead .
Â
By the time her father reaches the scene , Henry ’s gone , leaving only a bloodstain on the snow .
Â
This only further reinforces my belief that a higher power wanted these events to play out this way , because the odds of him appearing in that exact place and exact time if the jumping is random is just far too low for me .
Â
And all he would ’ve had to do is lie back and the bullet would ’ve gone over him for sure .
Then , after his death , as Alba is growing up with Clare , Henry pops back in again , presumably from before he died .
Â
I get the impression this happens from time to time and it ’s portrayed in the movie as if it was a good thing .
Â
But I ca n’t imagine what that would do to a person trying to grieve .
Â
These people need to move on with their lives , but how can they do that when Henry ’s reapperances with many years in between keeps the wound raw instead of allowing it to heal ?
Â
This left me with a sense of unease much different than the heartwarming reaction I got the impression I was supposed to feel .
Would n't you know it -- Realtime Worlds was telling the truth when they said the APB beta would be starting up in a matter of weeks , not months .
As it so happens , I was also being honest when I said we were dying to see if the game 's character creator could handle Brad Nicholson 's pecs .
Look for the full report next week .
Realtime Worlds CEO Gary Dale gave GamesIndutry .biz a quick confirmation that the APB beta would be rolling out next week .
While MMOs may not be my cup of tea , I am however highly interested in hearing player reactions to the game .
I want APB to be successful not just because I was a fan of Crackdown , but because the more variety we get in terms of online games , the better .
No offense , but the whole fantasy genre has become boring .
If you are n't Blizzard , do n't even go there .
Try something new , or do n't try anything at all .
Overview
Welcome to the homepage of FileZilla® , the free FTP solution .
The FileZilla Client not only supports FTP , but also FTP over TLS ( FTPS ) and SFTP .
It is open source software distributed free of charge under the terms of the GNU General Public License .
We are also offering FileZilla Pro , with additional protocol support for WebDAV , Amazon S3 , Backblaze B2 , Dropbox , Microsoft OneDrive , Google Drive , Microsoft Azure Blob and File Storage , and Google Cloud Storage .
Last but not least , FileZilla Server is a free open source FTP and FTPS Server .
Support is available through our forums , the wiki and the bug and feature request trackers .
In addition , you will find documentation on how to compile FileZilla and nightly builds for multiple platforms in the development section .
Quick download links
Pick the client if you want to transfer files .
Get the server if you want to make files available for others .
News
Less than four months after its publication , the Department of Defense ( DOD ) has agreed to review a controversial study that appears to link Gulf War syndrome ( GWS ) with a banned substance used in experimental vaccines .
The study , conducted by scientists at Tulane University Medical School , found that an overwhelming majority of sick veterans who had served in the Gulf War , and had received at least one vaccination , tested positive for antibodies to a naturally occurring substance called squalene .
None of the healthy veterans in the study tested positive for squalene antibodies .
DoD officials originally dismissed the study as flawed and asserted that none of the vaccines administered during the Gulf War contained squalene .
In response to pressure from Congress , however , the department has asked the Armed Forces Epidemiological Board ( AFEB ) to re-examine the study .
The Institute of Medicine is also reviewing the research to see what role squalene may play in Gulf - related illnesses .
1
Squalene Adjuvant : Friend or Foe ?
A naturally occurring molecule , squalene is produced by the human liver and plays a role in the metabolism of cholesterol .
It is most commonly found in vegetable oils , shark liver oil , cosmetics and various health supplements .
Under normal circumstances , squalene is released into the blood to help combat physical injuries .
However , people do n't usually have enough squalene in their blood to prompt the production of detectable levels of antibodies .
Since the late 1980s , squalene has been studied by the DoD and the National Institutes of Health as a possible adjuvant in vaccines .
Because adjuvants boost the immune system 's response to foreign antibodies , the subtance has sparked the interest of researchers .
Drug manufacturers , for their part , have incorporated adjuvants into vaccines in the belief that the substance will render the vaccine more effective .
Adjuvants , however , can sometimes trigger unwanted immune responses .
While large - scale studies have yet to be conducted in humans , animal studies have shown that squalene adjuvants may generate autoimmune versions of arthritis and multiple sclerosis type - conditions that attack the body from within .
2
Although they have been used in a number of vaccines worldwide , only one adjuvant - aluminum hydroxide - has been approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use in vaccines in the United States .
And although squalene - adjuvant vaccines have been used on laboratory animals and in experimental human tests , the FDA has not approved the general use of any vaccine containing squalene in the U.S .
" We Never Used Squalene in Vaccines "
Military officials have said all along that no Gulf War vaccines contained squalene .
In August 1997 , spokespersons for the DoD claimed that squalene " was not an adjuvant that was in any of the vaccines that were used by the Department of Defense , " 3 and that " we never used squalene in vaccines " during the Gulf War .
However , in a report4issued in March 1999 , the General Accounting Office ( GAD ) - the investigative arm of Congress - stated :
We cannot say definitively whether or not Gulf War -era veterans were given vaccines with adjuvant formulations containing squalene for a number of reasons .
Although DoD officials told us they did not administer such vaccines , they stated they did not have documentation on the process and results of decision - making related to the administration of vaccines at the time of the Gulf War .
Also , some officials involved in the decisions were no longer employed with DoD at the time of our review , and we were either unable to locate them , or they declined to be interviewed .
A month after the GAO issued its 1999 report , the first hint that squalene might be linked to Gulf War syndrome appeared in an article in New Scientist magazine .
Robert Garry , a virologist at Tulane University , tested more than 400 Gulf War veterans for antibodies to squalene and found that 95 percent of those with GWS had high levels of squalene antibodies .
Garry also tested a pair of volunteers who had received experimental herpes vaccines containing squalene in trials conducted by the National Institutes of Health .
Both had high levels of squalene antibodies and also suffered from GWS - type symptoms .
In February , the peer - reviewed journal Experimental and Molecular Pathology6 published a study written by Garry 's team at Tulane University and Dr. Pamela Asa , an immunologist from Tennessee .
Dr. Asa was one of the first health professionals to advance the theory that Gulf War syndrome might be an autoimmune disorder caused by experimental vaccinations .
The research included blinded and unblinded studies .
In the blinded study , 56 Gulf War -era veterans and military personnel who were on active service in 1990 - 91 were tested for squalene .
Of those 56 , 38 had been deployed to the Persian Gulf and had GWS - type symptoms ; 12 had been deployed but were healthy ; and six had not been deployed but were nevertheless ill .
The researchers found that among the 38 ill veterans who had been deployed , 36 ( 94.7 percent ) tested positive for squalene antibodies .
None of the deployed healthy individuals , however , tested positive .
Furthermore , all six subjects who were ill , but had not been sent to the Gulf , also had squalene antibodies .
While they did not serve in the war , they had received the same type and number of vaccinations given to Gulf War troops .
To see whether squalene antibodies might be a marker for other types of autoimmune diseases , the researchers also tested groups of patients with lupus and chronic fatigue syndrome , as well as a small sample from the general population .
Only 15 percent of those with chronic fatigue tested positive for squalene ; only 10 percent of those with lupus tested positive ; and only five percent of the general population had squalene antibodies .
The Tulane study made no conclusion about whether Gulf War vaccines contained squalene , what may have produced the antibodies , or what role they play in Gulf War syndrome .
Still , it is hoped that the research conducted by Garry and Asa will prompt others to investigate the role of vaccinations in Gulf War syndrome and the safety of vaccines that contain squalene .
" We do n't know what caused the immune system to produce anti-squalene antibodies in the Gulf War veterans , but this study shows that the antibodies are indeed there , " observed Dr. Russell Wilson , president of Autoimmune Technologies , which helped market the study .
Dr. Wilson does not believe that the antibodies were the result of a reaction to squalene added to vaccines .
" That possibility must still be formally ruled out , " 7 he concluded .
Approximately 700,000 Americans served in the Gulf War between 1990 - 91 .
One hundred and forty - eight Americans were killed in action ; 467 were wounded .
The Department of Veterans Affairs estimates that as many as 100,000 veterans may be suffering from Gulf War syndrome or related symptoms , and that approximately 6,500 soldiers have died since the war 's conclusion , including more than 1,300 soldiers between the ages of 18- 24.8
Intelligence in Recent Public Literature
James C. McNaughton .
Department of the Army : Washington , D.C. , 2006 . 514 pp. , photos , maps , bibliogra­phy , index .
Foreword by Jeffrey J. Clarke .
Reviewed by Stephen C. Mercado
Victory in war and peace goes most often to those who know their enemies and themselves .
A state that wages war without good intelligence is like a dim - sighted boxer who , even if he avoids losing , will suffer unseen blows a fighter with sure vision would likely have parried . [ i ]
James C. McNaughton , a military historian whose career includes service as command historian for the Defense Language Institute Foreign Language Center and US Army Pacific , has written a history of Japanese Americans whose service as linguists of the US Army Military Intelligence Service ( MIS ) contributed greatly to the US victory over the Japanese Empire in the Second World War and to the lasting bilateral alliance that followed .
As the US Army chief of military history wrote in his foreword to the book , the history of the MIS in World War II suggests lessons for Washington in the “ sustained struggle ahead ” in the Global War on Terrorism .
In 1941 , when the United States faced the looming prospect of war with Japan , the War Department moved to develop linguists by directing the Fourth Army to open an intelligence school at the Presidio of San Francisco .
Lt. Col. John Weckerling and Capt. Kai Rasmussen , both of whom had learned the language in Japan , proceeded to screen Japanese Americans as instructors and students , develop a curriculum , and otherwise build a school from scratch .
The recruitment of John Aiso , a Harvard - educated lawyer famous among California ’s Japanese Americans for his intellect and drive , as chief instructor was a major step to putting the enterprise in gear .
The school , training second - generation Japanese Americans ( Nisei ) , moved in 1942 to Camp Savage , Minnesota , as the Western Defense Command was removing over 100,000 Japanese immigrants ( Issei ) and their American children from their homes on the West Coast and interning them in camps in the interior .
In 1944 , the growing school , by then designated the Military Intelligence Service Language School ( MISLS ) , moved to Ft. Snelling , Minnesota .
Comparing the graduating classes gives some idea of the school ’s impressive growth : 42 Nisei of the first class graduated on 1 May 1942 ; on 18 August 1945 , 552 students graduated .
Trained in interpreting , interrogation , and translation with materials ranging from standard textbooks to captured doc­uments , thousands of Nisei and hundreds of Caucasian Americans left the school to serve as linguists in the war against Japan .
The US Army was far from alone in working to recruit , train , and deploy Japanese linguists , a situation the author brings to light by writing with some detail on developments in the US Navy as well as on an alphabet soup of intelligence organizations that included the Office of Strategic Services ( OSS ) , Foreign Broadcast Intelligence Service ( FBIS ) , and Office of War Information ( OWI ) .
In addition to such major training centers as the MISLS , the Army Intensive Japanese Language School at the University of Michigan and the Navy Japanese Language School at the University of Colorado / Boulder , the book touches on other wartime programs , from Japanese classes at the Military Intelligence Training Center at Camp Ritchie , Maryland , to the Navy School of Military Government and Administration at Columbia University .
McNaughton even devotes some ink to describing the Japanese programs of the Allied forces of Britain , Australia , and Canada .
Striking among the book ’s myriad details is the contrast between the Army ’s decision to recruit its linguists primarily from the pool of eligible Japanese Americans and the Navy ’s preference in selecting Caucasians with experience living in Japan , an outstanding academic record , or some demonstrated aptitude in learning foreign languages .
From the early campaign to oust the Japanese from their footholds in Alaska to the invasion of Okinawa near the war ’s end , Nisei graduates of the MISLS demonstrated their worth at the front lines time and again .
Tactical intelligence gained from captured documents , prisoner interrogations , and enemy radio contributed greatly to US Army and Marine ground campaigns .
Technical Sergeant Roy Uyehata , for example , learned in early March 1944 in a “ routine interrogation ” at XIV Corps headquarters on Bougainville , Papua New Guinea , that Japanese forces planned a major assault on American positions for 23 March , an auspicious imperial holiday .
A tactical enemy map captured the day of the planned attack confirmed Uyehata ’s discovery in detail ; prepared , XIV Corps began the annihilation of the enemy with a preemptive artillery barrage just as they were moving into assault positions that night .
Nisei linguists also showed extraordinary bravery in saving thousands of civilian lives in the fierce fighting for Saipan and Okinawa .
Sgt. Hoichi “ Bob ” Kubo saved over 100 civilians in Okinawa from involuntary mass suicide by crawling alone into a cave and convincing the Japanese soldiers there to let them go .
In two hours of negotiations , he gained their trust by sharing his K-rations , letting them know that his grandfathers had served in the Russo - Japanese War in the Imperial Japanese Army ’s ( IJA ) famed 5th ( Hiroshima ) and 6th ( Kumamoto ) Divisions , and appealed to their sense of honor as warriors .
For his bravery , Kubo won the Distinguished Service Cross , the Army ’s second highest award for combat valor .
Nisei linguists also proved their worth in organizations far from the front lines .
In such organizations as the Allied Translator and Interpreter Service ( ATIS ) in Australia , the Southeast Asia Translator and Interrogation Center ( SEATIC ) in India , and the Signal Security Agency monitoring station at Vint Hill Farms , Virginia , Japanese Americans interpreted , interrogated , and translated .
ATIS Nisei translated the captured Japanese Army List , producing in May 1943 a 683 - page translation that proved a gold mine for detailed intelligence on the IJA order of battle .
Nisei linguists also participated in the ATIS translation of a captured copy of the Imperial Japanese Navy ( IJN ) “ Z Plan ” of 8 March 1944 .
The IJN , unaware , executed their compromised plan to disastrous loss in June at the decisive Battle of the Philippine Sea where , in history ’s largest carrier battle , the IJN in effect lost its air arm .
McNaughton relates not only Nisei triumphs but their hardships and handicaps as well .
Many were recruited or conscripted for military service from behind the barbed wire of internment camps where their families remained confined .
Japanese Americans with outstanding command of Japanese , even those who had gone to school or university in Japan ( a Nisei subset known as Kibei ) , generally served under Caucasian officers less gifted in the language yet more likely to earn officer commissions .
On the other hand , many Nisei linguists suffered from such handicaps as a rudimentary grasp of their parents ’ language , limited formal education , and poor proficiency in English .
Beyond the sting of racism , Nisei linguists at the front often had bodyguards with them and ran the risk of friendly fire from fellow soldiers mistaking them for the enemy .
Technical Sgt. Fred Tanakatsubo was only one of those linguists who felt it necessary to tell his Caucasian comrades , “ Take a good look , and remember me , because I ’m going in with you ! ”
The fight against Japan was for them , in a sense , a civil war .
Many Nisei going into Okinawa , for example , worried that family and friends would die in the invasion .
Second Lt. Harry Fukuhara was far from the only Nisei shaken at news of the atomic obliteration of Hiroshima and Nagasaki ; his mother and siblings were residents of Hiroshima . [ ii ]
Having contributed to victory in the war , Nisei linguists continued serving with distinction in the peace that followed .
Lt. Ralph Yempuku parachuted on 27 August 1945 , before the formal Japanese surrender , with an OSS team under Capt .
John K. Singlaub onto the Chinese island of Hainan to rescue from a Japanese camp several hundred Australian and Dutch POWs in danger of execution .
Nearly 100 Nisei went to Japan in the early weeks of the occupation to search for Japanese intelligence pertaining to the Soviet Union .
Others sifted for documents relating to Japanese programs for weapons of mass destruction as well as conventional military and naval technology .
Japanese Americans participated in the International Military Tribunal for the Far East and other war crimes trials ; some prepared defenses , others gathered evidence for the prosecution .
Japanese Americans in ATIS , which took over the NYK Building across from the Imperial Palace , translated Japanese letters and petitions to General MacArthur and monitored the media .
Still other Nisei served in occupied Japan ( 1945 –52 ) in such intelligence organs as the Civilian Censorship Detachment and Counter Intelligence Corps ( CIC ) .
DCI George Tenet on Chiyoki Ikeda ,
14 May 1998
It is also our tradition on Memorial Day to recognize the addition of a new star to the Memorial Wall .
The star was engraved last October 15 .
It belongs to Chiyoki “ Chick ” Ikeda .
He was killed in the line of duty four decades ago in an air accident .
Chick Ikeda knew the price of patriotism .
He paid it willingly and dearly .
In September 1940 , Chick , who possessed dual citizenship , chose to pledge his full allegiance to the United States and renounced his Japanese citizenship , even at a time when our Nisei were shamefully declared “ enemy aliens . ”
In 1943 , when President Roosevelt established an all Nisei combat team , Chick joined the famous 442nd .
He was selected for behind - the - lines duty in China [ with the OSS ] and was decorated with a Bronze Star .
After the war , he fulfilled various military assignments , then joined the Agency in 1954 , where he served with distinction until his death in 1960 .
The work Chick Ikeda did building strategic liaison relationships for the Agency must still remain unspoken , for it continues to yield valuable dividends today .
We are honored to have Mrs. Ikeda , their sons George and John , and Senator Akaka here today .
McNaughton ’s history of Japanese American linguists is so engrossing that his ending the story in 1946 , on page 456 , feels abrupt .
The author does define his subject as Nisei linguists in World War II , but writing even an epilogue of “ what happened next ” would have been illuminating .
Left untold are tales of Nisei veterans of the Second World War interrogating North Korean prisoners in Japanese in the Korean War , executing CIC operations against the Japanese Communist Party and other targets during the occupation , and serving down through the years of the Cold War in various components of the military and CIA . [ iii ]
Chiyoki “ Chick ” Ikeda , who earned a star on the CIA Memorial Wall , is one good example .
Ikeda became an important officer in the latter half of the 1950s in the Directorate of Operations and served in a variety of positions , including in Japan , until his death in 1960 .
Ikeda managed a counterintelligence program that detected and turned Soviet agents among the tens of thousands of Japanese prisoners of war repatriated from the Soviet Union during 1947 – 48 .
In fact , the story of the Nisei linguists extends from before the Second World War until the end of the Cold War .
As McNaughton notes , the CIC had sent two Nisei officers , Arthur Komori and Richard Sakakida , under cover into Manila in the spring of 1941 to gather intelligence on Japanese fifth - column activity in the US colony . [ iv ]
Perhaps the central figure of such a postwar epilogue would be Harry Fukuhara , a counterintelligence officer who retired from active military service in 1971 with the rank of colonel after governing an island in the occupied Ryukyu archipelago , became a Department of the Army civilian ( DAC ) , then retired in 1990 as chief of the 500th MI ’s Foreign Liaison Detachment ( FLD ) .
His decorations from President George H. W. Bush , DCI William Webster , and Emperor Akihito hint at the valuable role , far from the limelight , that Nisei played in US - Japan relations from the beginning of the occupation to the end of the Cold War . [ v ]
Former Administrative Vice Minister for Defense Maruyama Ko , [ vi ] a key military official of postwar Japan once explained , “ What I would like to stress is that it was really fortunate for Japanese to have many Nisei working for Japan the way that Fukuhara did after the war . ” [ vii ]
McNaughton ’s Nisei Linguists is a wide - ranging work whose 12 chapters cover both the development of the language programs and the growth of the Nisei contribution over the course of the war .
The numerous footnotes and long bibliography attest to the years of research devoted to this book , although the absence of Japanese sources is regrettable .[ viii ]
This is an excellent history .
Moreover , many readers will agree with the chief of military history that the book offers “ valuable lessons to US Army officers both present and future ” seeking to understand present foes in the Global War on Terrorism .
As one example , McNaughton relates how MISLS taught harsh interrogation techniques at Camp Savage until “ reports from the field indicated that compassion and kind treatment tended to work better . ”
A military that holds true to the legacy of its Nisei linguists by facing its enemies with fluent , literate , and compassionate intelligence officers will likely prevail .
Footnotes
[ i] According to a classic military treatise , “ Know the enemy and know yourself ; in a hundred battles you will never be in peril .
When you are ignorant of the enemy but know yourself , your chances of winning and losing are equal .
If ignorant of both your enemy and of yourself , you are certain in every battle to be in peril . ”
Sun Tzu , The Art of War , Samuel B. Griffith , translator ( New York : Oxford University Press , 1971 ) , p. 84 .
[ ii ]
Fukuhara left his native Seattle as a teen when his mother took him and his siblings to her hometown of Hiroshima following his father ’s death in 1933 .
He returned to the United States for college ; his three brothers remained in Japan .
He served in the US Army ; they served in the Japanese Army .
His mother and oldest brother suffered radiation sickness , with his brother dying before the end of 1945 .
“ ‘ Futatsu no sokoku ’ hazama ni ikite ” [ Living Between ‘ Two Fatherlands , ’ ] , Tokyo Shimbun , 11 June 1996 , p. 28 .
[ iii ]
McNaughton did touch on the role of Nisei serving in the Korean War with the 500th Military Intelligence Support Group Far East and other organizations in his paper “ Nisei Linguists and New Perspectives on the Pacific War : Intelligence , Race , and Continuity , ” presented at the 1994 Conference of Army Historians and available on line at http://www.history.army.mil/topics/apam/Nisei.htm.
[ iv ]
Sakakida related his wartime exploits to his brother - in - law , Wayne Kiyosaki , who wrote A Spy in Their Midst : The World War II Struggle of a Japanese - American Hero ( 1995 ) .
An unclassified review of this book appeared in Studies in Intelligence 40 , no 2 ( 1996 ) .
[ v] Fukuhara received the President ’s Award for Distinguished Federal Civilian Service , the National Intelli­gence Distinguished Service Medal , and the Order of the Rising Sun , 3rd Class .
See “ Colonel Harry Fukuhara to Speak at Reed High School On Friday , May 9th , ” JACL News , May 2003 : 1–2 ( http:// wolfweb.unr.edu/homepage/vjohnson/jacl/jaclMAY03.PDF ) .
[ vi ] Names of Japanese in this review appear in their traditional order , surname preceding given name .
[ vii ] Toshikawa Takao , “ Nikkei nisei , Beigun joho shoko ga hajimete shogen shita : ‘ Futatsu no sokoku ’ rimenshi , ” [ “ Nisei , U.S. Military Officer Testifies for First Time : The Inside Story of ‘ Two Fatherlands ’ ” ] , Shukan Posuto , 3 March 1995 : 219 .
[ viii ] Many Japanese histories , memoirs , and media reports tell the stories of Nisei in service to one country or the other .
One history of Japanese Americans is Kikuchi Yuki ’s Hawai Nikkei nisei no Taieheiyo Senso [ The Pacific War of Hawaiian Nisei ] ( Tokyo : Sanichi Shobo , 1995 ) .
A story of Japanese Americans on the other side is Tachibana Yuzuru ’s Teikoku Kaigun shikan ni natta Nikkei Nisei [ The Nisei Who Became an Officer of the Imperial Navy ] ( Tokyo : Tsukiji Shokan , 1994 ) .
As Nisei who were living in the United States a t the start of the war joined the US military and intelligence organs , so many of those in Japan at that time served as linguists in the IJA and IJN , the Foreign Ministry , and the official Domei News Agency which , like the BBC , monitored foreign media broadcasts .
All statements of fact , opinion , or analysis expressed in this article are those of the author .
Nothing in the article should be construed as asserting or implying US government endorsement of an article ’s factual statements and interpretations .
Presented by : The Ultimate Hatelist
10 . People With Middle Names
A fairly common way to elude to the fact that you are extremely pretentious and / or a douche is by speaking with a fake British accent , showing people pictures you keep in your wallet of your children that you ’ve named after yourself , making hats out of papier mache` and having a middle name on Facebook .
Just who exactly do you think you are ?
You are so important that you feel that you deserve to have one more name than everyone else ?
In the hierarchy of Facebook users you ’re right below people who have nicknames instead of real ones on their profiles .
At least on some level those people know that they are a joke .
Note : Maiden names are acceptable .
9 . Anyone who writes on the wall of an event
“ Hey Chad , sorry I wo n’t be able to make it to your birthday party this weekend .
I ’ll be in South America helping the local tribes .
Drop me a line if you ’re coming down that way . ”
Hey , wall - event - writer - guy , who gives a shit what you are doing and why you ca n’t come to Chad ’s birthday ?
Nobody .
If you really wanted to tell Chad why you could n’t make it , you could send him a message or even call him .
No one is really going to notice if you do n’t come anyways .
You were only invited because he sent an invitation to everyone he ’s friends with .
You probably have n’t spoken a word to Chad since freshman year of college and just wanted to tell someone on Facebook what your doing because you know that no one cares in real life .
And for the record , now you know people on Facebook do n’t care either .
8. Constant Status Updater
Similar to the wall - event - writer , this jerkoff treats his Facebook status like it ’s Twitter .
He , like the wall - event - writer , thinks we care what he is doing , what he has to say or what Shin ’s lyrics he found particularly inspirational at that exact minute .
This is the same guy who in middle school changed his AIM away message every 10 minutes .
Hey , I did n’t elect to follow your Twitter .
Cool it with the status updates .
It ’s like I ’m the guy from ‘ A Clockwork Orange ’ with my eyes taped open being forced to see your constantly shitty updates .
And it ’s not nearly as entertaining as the good ol ’ ultra violence , yet I usually feel equally as sick .
7 . The People Selling me stuff
No , I do n’t want to join your group , I do n’t want to support your cause and I certainly do n’t want to see your goddamn band play .
If I wanted to be overwhelmed by advertisements for things I definitely do n’t want , I would be looking at internet porn .
And considering that ’s what I was just doing , I think I would prefer it if you stopped trying to get me to play Mobsters .
Okay ?
I do n’t want to play Mobsters !
6. Facebook Couples
These are the two people who are not allowed to have a Facebook picture without the other one in it .
They ’ve also been known to exclaim how much they love each other via wall post .
And we ca n’t forget their daily status countdown of days until they are reunited .
Enough , we get it .
You like each other .
I did n’t know you could have a public display of affection without being in public .
And now that I do know , I am pretty sure I hate it .
I am also pretty sure that if I were to dine in the same restaurant as this couple , they would literally be making out on my lap .
Excuse me Facebook couples , it ’s 9:00 pm , time for your Skype date .
No , you hang up first .
5 . Anyone who has ever given a Facebook gift
Who would pay for a gift that ’s not real ?
Who would actually give a fake gift to someone else on their birthday ?
And furthermore , what is the recipient of that gift supposed to do with it ?
Are they supposed to log on everyday and look at an awesome picture of a green duck with a pink bow ?
Maybe I am just missing something here .
4 . People who post little pictures
Facebook stalking is not just a pass time for me , but a way of life .
As most of you know , but will avidly deny , there is nothing more frustrating than desperately trying to find a good picture of a certain girl ’s side boob and having to sort through a series of pictures 1/8 the size of normal ones .
It ’s the worst .
Additionally , I will amend this post to include the girl whose been on Facebook for five years , but only has 12 pictures .
Who are you kidding ?
We know you are a ‘ serial untagger ’ and that these are the best 12 pictures you ’ve ever taken in your whole life .
Ugly and dishonest ?
You bitch .
3 . The girls who make the kissy face and guys who give the finger in every picture
Do you think they date each other ?
Or maybe it ’s just complicated .
2 . The friend who logs on as you and changes your info
Everyone has the friend who goes on your computer when you go to the bathroom and changes all your Facebook info .
The information they change varies from case to case , but they never forget to switch your sexual preference to ‘ Men ’ .
Of course , you wo n’t notice until you start getting really strange friend requests from guys with lip rings .
Hilarious guys , hilarious .
1. Your Dad
What is your dad doing on Facebook ?
It seems like the only thing he does is act like the hallway monitor of Facebook preventing people from having any fun .
If Facebook was an office , your dad would be the boss ’ son walking into the break room and trying to join in on the office goofs .
Whenever I get blackout drunk , which is pretty much all the time , someone will inevitably write something on my wall like , “ Man , you were hammered last night . ”
Which in turn causes your dad to chime in with , “ I hope your parents do n’t know how you behave .
It ’s okay , I ’m cool , I wo n’t say anything .
But be careful ! ” … Yeah … real cool .
Presented by : The Ultimate Hatelist
“ I think we go below the double dip , ” Lekas told CNBC .
“ By year - end , we drop below 6,300 on the Dow and by 2011 , we ’re at 4,200 . ”
Lekas said although Monday 's ISM services indexwas “ neutral , ” the unemployment number was at 785,000 last month and that number is expected to worsen .
“ So 26 to 27 million people who are out of work is n’t going to help the economy , ” he said .
“ And until that number gets better , we will not see a recovery . ”
Lekas told investors to sell equities , buy short - term fixed income , stay with high qualitynames and stay safe .
CNBC Data Pages :
In the meantime , Cuggino said although there are risk factors and uncertainty in the markets , earnings are going to continue to improve .
“ There ’s also a tremendous amount of liquidity out there that will be used to prime economic growth going forward , ” he said .
Cuggino recommended sticking with equities — “ especially U.S. multinationals who take advantage of worldwide growth . ”
He also likes the financial services , biotechnology , pharmaceuticals and technology sectors .
More Market Intelligence :
______________________________
Recommendations :
Cuggino Likes :
FedEx
Hewlett - Packard
Freeport -McMoRan
Lekas Likes :
3 - Month T - Bill
6 - Month T - Bill
2 - Yr T - Note
______________________________
Disclosure :
No immediate information was available for Cuggino or Lekas .
______________________________
CNBC Slideshows :
______________________________
______________________________
Disclaimer
The End of Innocence in Afghanistan ' The German Air Strike Has Changed Everything '
The recent bombing of two tanker trucks in an attack ordered by a German military colonel has led to major international criticism of the Bundeswehr .
The incident has given a black eye to a country whose politicians have never been shy of telling others what 's best in Afghanistan .
Von SPIEGEL
Staff
It did .
Check back soon to see the ones with the model in them .
NEWARK -- Conan O'Brien is now banned from the entire state of New Jersey .
That 's Newark Mayor Cory Booker 's latest facetious response to the late - night comic 's mockery .
The video posted today on YouTube is Booker 's second public defense of New Jersey 's largest city — butt of a " Tonight Show " joke last week .
It comes after a two - minute segment Wednesday night by O'Brien , who pretended to laud Newark 's virtues while showing images of urban neglect .
A reference to its arts scene was accompanied by a graffiti - covered wall .
The exchange began last week with O'Brien joking that the city 's new health care program consisted of a bus ticket out of Newark .
Booker responded Tuesday with a YouTube video " banning " O'Brien from Newark Liberty International Airport .
Asus EeeBox PC EB1501
With a dual - core Atom N330 processor , 2GB of DDR2 - 800 RAM ( expandable to 4GB ) , 250GB hard disk , and Nvidia Ion graphics , this delicious looking Eee PC features Windows 7 and Slot - loading DVD -RW .
The lack of a blu - ray drive is n’t much of a deterrent for me , but it may be the one thing that makes this thing less than perfect for someone looking for a super - lightweight HTPC .
[ nggallery id =17 ]
Full Specs after the break .
[ Asus ]
SEATTLE 
At least 2,000 students at Washington State University have reported symptoms of the H1N1 flu virus , university and local health officials said , in what appeared to be one of the largest outbreaks of the virus on a college campus .
“ It ’s real , ” Sally Redman , a registered nurse who works in student health services at Washington State , said Saturday .
“ We ’ve had a constant stream of people . ”
So far , the cases at the university have been relatively mild , although at least two people in the area who are not students were hospitalized .
The university , based in Pullman , in eastern Washington near the Idaho border , has about 19,000 students at its main campus .
Ms. Redman said the outbreak appeared about Aug. 21 , during fraternity and sorority rush but before classes started .
After that , she said , “ it was rampant . ”
I voiced this fear a while back , in a post called " Imaginationland . "
This was my fear :
It is perfectly conceivable that the torture regime - combined with panic and paranoia - created an imaginationland of untruth and half - truth that has guided US policy for this entire war .
It may well have led to the president being informed of any number of plots that never existed , and any number of threats that are pure imagination .
And once torture has entered the system , you can never find out the real truth .
You are lost in a vortex of lies and fears .
In this vortex , the actual threats that we face may well be overlooked or ignored , as we chase false leads and pursue non-existent WMDs .
This is how totalitarian regimes justify themselves : by inventing enemies and proving their guilt through torture .
The parallel dynamic in such regimes is that torture itself needs to be concealed , and errors of judgment , which could discredit the regime , need to be covered up .
The techniques used by Cheney were , after all , once used by the Gestapo precisely to avoid the public embarrassment of clearly physically destroyed human beings , to present the appearance of normality , while behind that screen the psychological warfare of torture could proceed unimpeded .
And if an error were made , if someone totally innocent were captured or tortured , the regime could then torture the victim to say he was guilty after all .
In this closed loop , there are no loose ends .
The executive is always right and its victims are always wrong - and torture provides all the evidence you need to prove it .
Mercifully , America under Bush and Cheney was not a totalitarian regime .
It had an executive branch that embraced the ethic of tyranny in warfare , and a legislative branch so supine it was a toothless adjunct , but it retained a judiciary that began , too late , of course , to push back against the hermetically sealed war - and - torture cycle .
The Founders were wise to add such a check .
Without it , we would have no way out of the maze that Cheney pushed us in .
Last week we discovered , thanks to the judiciary , a clear example of this tyrannical impulse occurring under Bush and Cheney .
We now know that torturing a human being to get proof that he deserved to be tortured was not just a theoretical fear of mine .
It happened .
If it happened once , it almost certainly happened more often .
The temptations are just too great ; and when you have clear evidence that Bush and Cheney knew some inmates to be innocent but tortured them anyway to manufacture evidence of their guilt , we know that there was nothing in the character of those two men to restrain the true nightmare scenario .
Go here and read Andy Worthington 's vital account of what the case of Fouad al - Rabiah tells us about the abyss the last administration threw us into .
Here is the actual judgment , which provides a meticulous and unanswerable account of the extent to which the torture power corrupted the American government in ways usually found in totalitarian regimes .
Read too how the Obama administration - far from turning the page on this matter , as it openly pledged to do - is up to its neck in the same disgrace , pursuing charges against a man they also knew was plainly innocent of all charges , simply to prevent embarrassing the government .
Obama had a chance to draw a line between his administration and the last .
While he deserves credit for ending the torture going forward , he has essentially embraced and defended the torture of the past .
Which makes him and Eric Holder complicit in it as well .
May God and history forgive them .
I sure wo n't .
( Correction : Andy Worthington wrote this piece , as now corrected , not Scott Horton .
Brain fart on my end .
Apologies . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Calling EPA : Heat Exchange Can Make Clothes Dryers Efficient
October 10th , 2009 by Susan Kraemer
You knew you keep a fire in a box in your laundry room , right ?
Not only is that kind of a scary thought , but it ’s an extremely inefficient way to dry clothes ; lighting a fire every time you turn on the clothes dryer .
Lint catches fire all the time .
But even worse , that natural gas emits carbon dioxide and is likely the second most extravagant energy expenditure in your home after the fridge .
[ social_buttons ]
We can do something about the fridge by buying an Energy Star rated efficient one , but until now , inexplicably , clothes dryers have not been rated under the Energy Star program .
You have to wonder why there has been so little move to improve energy efficiency in the second biggest energy guzzler in most homes … in a nation that uses 25 % of the world ’s energy .
Here ’s a company that can make a clothes dryer 50 % more efficient with a heat exchanger .
Hydromatic .
So why has their idea not been incorporated into clothes dryers ?
A heat exchange system is an obvious energy efficiency improvement for those of us who ’d like to reduce our clothes drying energy use , but just ca n’t get out to a clothesline .
This idea gets the clothes dryer into the same energy efficient camp as other appliances .
The DryerMiser is a simple heat exchange device that reduces the clothes dryer ’s energy consumption up to 50 percent and cuts drying time by up to 41 percent .
Hydromatic is attempting to sell the DryerMiser as a separate “ aftermarket kit ” that would replace the heating element in traditional clothes dryers , but that is an awkward way to market a radical concept like this .
This needs to be an intrinsic element built - in to clothes dryers .
The company says that discussions have been underway with major appliance manufacturers to offer the technology as original equipment in new dryers … since January of 2008 !
The EPA should just start rating clothes dryers under Energy Star , even though there ’s not a dimes worth of difference between them now .
This would give the major appliance manufacturers the push that they need to incorporate ideas like this heat exchange system into the simple fire - in - a - box concept that we are currently stuck with .
Image : Hydromatic
Source : Dryermiser
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
That 's no comet .
This photo , taken Wednesday night , actually shows a trail of urine and waste water streaming out of the shuttle Discovery .
The waste froze upon release , then quickly sublimated into a sparkling , glowing vapor .
[ SpaceWeather via Yahoo ! ]
Advertisement
Penny Starr
CNSNews
October 8 , 2009
[ efoods ]
The Congressional Hispanic Caucus has asked the Obama administration to “ immediately terminate ” a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) program that has identified more than 120,000 illegal aliens over the past three years ..
“ On behalf of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus ( CHC ) , we write to ask that you immediately terminate all Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) Memorandums of Understanding ( MOUs ) under the 287 ( g ) program and cease to establish such agreements , ” reads the letter to President Obama .
“ These agreements are the subject of serious concern as local law enforcement agencies have used the new powers to target communities of color , including a disproportionate number of Latinos , for arrest , ” says the letter .
“ The 287 ( g ) program , which was significantly expanded throughout the Bush Administration , relinquishes the power to enforce federal immigration laws to local law enforcement and corrections agencies .
…
The misuse of the 287 ( g ) program by its current participants has rendered it ineffective and dangerous to community safety . ”
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Quick Look : Borderlands
Giant Bomb rolls four deep in this look at some Borderlands co-op .
Sit back and enjoy as the Giant Bomb team takes an unedited look at the latest video games .
Oct. 14 2009
Cast : Jeff , Ryan , Brad , Vinny , Drew
Posted by : Brad
Kanye
West made headlines this week for accosting Taylor Swift and hijacking her acceptance speech at the MTV Video Music Awards , but it turns out this is n’t the first time Kanye has pulled such a stunt .
Check out this photo from Apple ’s media event last week .
Computer hacker Gary McKinnon lost his long battle to stand trial in the UK today when he was refused permission to appeal to the supreme court against extradition to the US on charges of breaking into the Pentagon 's military networks .
The court decided the case did not raise " points of law of general public importance " , which are neccessary if a case is to be pursued at the higher level .
The decision extinguishes McKinnon 's legal options in the UK , but his lawyers said they would now consider applying to the European court of human rights in Strasbourg .
Giving the court 's decision , Lord Justice Stanley Burnton , who heard McKinnon 's latest appeal earlier this year with Mr Justice Wilkie , said extradition was " a lawful and proportionate response " to his alleged offending .
He said McKinnon would be unlikely to succeed with his claim that extradition would breach his right to a private and family life , under Article 8 of the European Convention of Human Rights .
Nor did the court think that extradition to the US would be a breach of his right not to be subjected to inhuman or degrading treatment under Article 3 .
McKinnon 's mother , Janis Sharp , said the decision was " devoid of humanity " .
" No other country in the world would so readily offer its citizens to the US as sacrificial lambs merely to safeguard a ' special political relationship ' .
" To use my desperately vulnerable son in this way is despicable , immoral and devoid of humanity . "
McKinnon 's solicitor , Karen Todner , said the trial was having a " devastating " effect on the 43 - year - old 's health .
" He is a highly vulnerable man in a very fragile state and this is a huge blow to him and his family , " she said .
" Why is our government so inhumane as to allow this to happen to someone , particularly someone with Asperger 's , a form of autism ?
This is the wholesale destruction and bullying of a small individual by the United States and now our own government .
" Our extradition treaty with the US is unfair and prejudicial to UK citizens and should be repealed or amended immediately . "
Todner said every further avenue , including the European court , would be explored .
Sabina Frediani , campaigns co-ordinator for Liberty , which supported McKinnon 's case , said : " Never were justice and the law so out of sync as in the case of Britain 's rotten extradition arrangements .
People up and down the country are rightly horrified by the way that a vulnerable man has been sold down the river when he should have been protected and tried here at home . "
She said Liberty would support any appeal to the European court and would work to ensure parliament " faces up to its responsibilities to amend the act " .
McKinnon 's lawyers and supporters argue his hacking was aimed at nothing more than searching for reports of UFO sightings .
McKinnon , from Wood Green , north London , had challenged Home Office decisions allowing his extradition to go ahead and the refusal of Keir Starmer QC , the director of public prosecutions , to put him on trial in the UK on charges of computer misuse .
He failed in his high court bid to avoid extradition in July .
The Home Office said no further comment would be made while McKinnon continued to pursue the legal avenues available to him .
A spokesman said : " We note today 's judgement .
The case remains before the courts .
Therefore , we do not propose to comment further at this stage . "
Tags
Albert Jay Nock believed Gresham 's Law operated in ideas as surely as in economics , with error displacing reason from men's minds as inexorably as bad money drives good money from men's markets .
Nock 's theory seems fast on the way to proof a posteriori , especially in our colleges and universities and particularly in the teaching and textbooks of the " new economics . "
The " new economics " — as propounded by Professors Samuelson , Tarshis , Bowman and Bach in these textbooks used in hundreds of America 's best - known colleges and universities — is nothing more than Keynesianism , which , in turn , has many points of similarity to Marxism and the theories of that hyperinflationist , John Law .
In sum , the " new economics " is simply socialism , not " new " at all , but the same old bird dressed up in the feathers of " compensatory fiscal policy , " " national income approach , " and the " mixed economy . "
Keynes , who popularized but did not spawn the " new economics , " frankly admitted his affection for socialism :
The State will have to exercise a guiding influence on the propensity to consume … a somewhat comprehensive socialization of investment will prove the only means of securing an approximation to full employment … the necessary measures of socialization can be introduced gradually … . [ 1 ]
Today 's professors are more cautious .
They look down their noses at " socialism , " preferring the phrases " public economy " and " welfare economics . "
All the while they pay ostentatious lip service to the achievements of freedom :
[ O ] ur mixed free enterprise system … with all its faults , has given the world a century of progress such as an actual socialized order might find it impossible to equal .
( Samuelson , p. 746 )
[ I ] it must not be supposed that to seek profits is an act of villainy … .
Naturally everyone wants to make as much income as he can … .
These actions are not censured .
( Tarshis , p. 30 )
Traditionally , American ideology has glorified such a [ private enterprise ] system .
Individual initiative and independence are its positive values … .
The state exists for the individual rather than the individual for the state .
( Bowman and Bach , p. 42 )
The Mixed - up Economy
Naturally the professors do not want to kill the free market entirely , else where would they get prices from which to calculate their impressive computations in the " new economics " ?
But even while embracing " free enterprise " they suffocate it .
Their consummation of this love - death is curiously contrived .
They begin by assuming that laissez - faire died a deserved and natural death .
[ I ] nequality in access to profit and job opportunities [ implies ] an inherent inconsistency in the private - enterprise , free price system itself .
( Bowman and Bach , p. 14 )
Even if the system worked perfectly … many would not consider it ideal … .
The private economy is often like a machine without an effective steering wheel or governor .
( Samuelson , pp. 39 , 397 )
We have given up our psychological and philosophical predilection for laissez - faire reluctantly .
Most of us have not welcomed government intervention in economic life … .
We have been compelled to call upon the government .
( Tarshis , pp. 53–4 )
Laissez - faire is dead , long live the " mixed economy ! "
Unfortunately it is often difficult to tell which is more mixed , the economy or the professors .
They try their best to seem as sincerely opposed to " complete " socialism as they are obviously cocksure rugged individualism is gone forever .
Their " mixed economy " seems to be a course midway between capitalism and socialism , with careful avoidance of the " bad " in each .
The difficulties they encounter in trying to steer between the Scylla of socialism and the Charybdis of capitalism would be amusing if the implications were not so tragic .
Samuelson , for example , begins bravely :
After one has thoroughly mastered the analysis of national income determination , it is not hard to steer one 's way with confidence in these seemingly difficult fields ( p. 11 ) .
Then , embarking on a carefully calculated Keynesian course , he asserts that private enterprise cannot
guarantee that there will be just exactly the required amount of investment to ensure full employment : not too little so as to cause unenlployment , nor too much so as to cause inflation … the system is without any thermostat … the system is in the lap of the gods .
We may be lucky or unlucky … ( pp. 261 –2 )
and so , to prevent the ill luck that might result from private investors following their own inclinations in a free market , Professor Samuelson pompously tells us ,
Fortunately , things need not be left to luck .
We shall see that perfectly sensible public and private policies can be followed which will greatly enhance the stability and productive growth of our economic system .
( p. 262 )
Wherewith he plots a pretty series of " propensity - to - consume " and " propensity - to - save " curves based on figures compiled by the Bureau of Labor Statistics taken from a 1944 study of urban families ( " with data for all families rounded and smoothed off " ) and shows us how to compute , numerically , the " marginal propensity to consume ( MPC ) " and its " Siamese twin " the " marginal propensity to save ( MPS ) , " triumphantly concluding : " We are now prepared for the theory of income determination . "
But wait , there is a catch coming .
[ A ] few final warnings are in order … .
Suppose my income were to go from $ 5000 a year to $ 40,000 a year .
Would I spend and save my money in the same way that the budget studies showed $ 40,000 - a- year people spend their money ?
Not necessarily .
Especially at the beginning , I would be a nouveau riche and have different patterns of behavior .
( p. 269 )
Cake Is When You Eat It
So statistics are too tricky to trust as a basis for generalizations in economic theory .
The elaborate equations , graphs , curves and charts , must take into account " important qualifications " and " other reasons why the propensity - to - consume schedule might shift around . "
Samuelson admits ,
[ A]t the end of World War II , many economists made a famous wrong prediction .
They neglected the fact that people came out of the war with greatly … savings ; for this and other reasons , the consumption schedule turned out to be at a higher level than many pessimistic predictions had indicated .
Again we are reminded that no social science can have great exactitude .
( pp. 269–70 )
Wrong again .
Economics does have great exactitude , but it is a qualitative , not a quantitative exactitude .
The economist cannot know the number or size of all the cakes in the world , or when they will be eaten , but he is dead certain that whoever eats his cake no longer has it .
That is more than the Keynesians seem to know .
Their theory implies you cannot have your cake until you do eat it .
You can spend your way into prosperity .
The formulas say so :
Could a nation fanatically addicted to deficit spending pursue such a policy for the rest of our lives and beyond ? … the barrier to this would not be financial .
The barrier would be political .
( Samuelson , p. 416 )
There is no sign that a high debt exhausts the credit of the government … .
And since as a last resource " it can borrow from itself , " there need be no fear on this account .
( Tarshis , p. 535 )
Even the Brannan Plan fits into the " new economics " :
Government programs to limit crops … and to raise the price to the producer while keeping it low to the consumer are all understandable in terms of diagrams of supply and demand .
( Samuelson , p. 452 )
As for the problems of increasing American investment in foreign lands ( i.e. the problem of the " dollar shortage " ) , Professor Tarshis has the typical Keynesian answer :
If we could only export one of the printing presses used for the manufacture of Federal Reserve notes to , let us say , China , our foreign investment would be enormously higher .
( p. 391 )
This " new economics " is neither new nor economics .
Instead , it is a concatenation of statistics , mathematics and social philosophy used in support of the age - old sophistries of government inflationism .
Every one of these old nostrums , served up with formulas and charts , was exposed long ago .
The " periodic business crises , " lamented as an inherent deficiency of free enterprise , have been shown to be nothing more than inevitable periods of deflation following repeated periods of inflation brought on by government - directed credit expansion .
These followers of Keynes forget , when they reiterate the necessity of " maintaining full employment , " that labor is more scarce than the material factors of production , that in a truly free market there can be no such thing as prolonged mass unemployment .
They forget , when they apply their formulas and extend their curves , that there are no constant magnitudes in economics , that statistics of " national income " are merely data of history not useful for the development of economic theory .
They forget that trying to maintain a high " national income " with printing - press money is as hopeless and as helpless for people as trying to cure sick patients by writing unfilled prescriptions .
And they forget , when advocating government intervention , that government does not own anything which is not first taken from the people , that government can only help some people at the expense of others or , by inflationism , make matters worse for everybody .
These advocates of a " mixed economy , " well meaning and sincere though they may be , fail to realize that there can be no such thing as a " mixed economy " — part capitalistic and part socialist .
Production is directed either by the market or by a National Production Authority .
One ends by precluding the other .
In the long run Americans will have either economic freedom or socialism in toto .
Textbooks like these will certainly not help them retain what measure of freedom they have left .
Absent - Minded Professors
Through all the record of history is strewn the wreckage of nations ruined by inflationism .
Yet these Keynesians stubbornly pursue their will - o'- the - wisp of managed money and the magic of a multiplier .
When , under a government - induced inflation of the money and credit supply , unemployment shrinks or completely disappears , the phenomenon does not corroborate the " triumph " of their theories .
It is due , simply , to the fact that the rise in wage rates has lagged sufficiently behind the rise in prices to cause a drop in real wage rates , precisely as the classical economists have long insisted .
The Keynesians forget this obvious fact .
Theirs is the economics of oblivion .
One can explain the widespread popularity of socialist ideas , despite their inconsistencies , among the uninformed masses .
But the authors of these textbooks claim competence in economics .
Presumably they are as familiar with Böhm - Bawerk , Jevons , Walras , Wicksell and Mises as they are with Marx and Keynes .
One would not think so , to read their books .
What is even more inexplicable is their insisting they do not want socialism when their hero , Keynes , served notice more than thirty years ago :
[ T ]he sharp distinction , approved by custom and convention during the past two centuries , between the property and rights of a State and the property and rights of its nationals is an artificial one , which is being rapidly put out of date … and is inappropriate to modern socialistic conceptions of the relations between the State and its citizens . [ 2 ]
and sixteen years later added ,
It will be , moreover , a great advantage to the order of events which I am advocating , that the euthanasia of the rentier , of the functionless investor , will be nothing sudden , merely a gradual but prolonged continuance of what we have seen recently in Great Britain and will need no revolution . [ 3 ]
Apparently Gresham's Law is functioning — as Albert Nock felt it would — upon the minds of Professors Samuelson , Tarshis , Bowman and Bach .
[ bio ]
See his [ AuthorArchive ] .
Comment on the blog .
This review originally appeared as " Economics of Oblivion " in The Freeman , April 7 , 1952 .
Titles reviewed : Economics : An Introductory Analysis , by Paul A. Samuelson .
New York : McGraw - Hill • The Elements of Economics : An Introduction to the Theory of Price and Employment , by Lorie Tarshis .
Under the editorship of Edgar S. Furniss .
Boston : Houghton Mifflin • Economic Analysis and Public Policy , by Mary Jean Bowman and George Leland Bach .
New York : Prentice - Hall .
You can subscribe to future articles by [ AuthorName ] via this [ RSSfeed ] .
Economically there is nothing new about the Korean presence in Asean .
Its companies were among the first to set up export factories in Vietnam more than a decade ago .
Korean manufacturing investment is found everywhere in Asean .
Koreans have bought up golf courses and colonized the tourist districts of Manila and Cebu in the Philippines .
Their appliance manufacturers outsell all others in much of the region and Korean TV dramas have a huge following elsewhere in Asia .
The South Koreans are democratic at home but have made no effort to concern themselves with democracy or human rights elsewhere in Asia , a stance that appeals to many Asean members .
Until recently , Korea ’s official presence was quite muted .
Now it has both the confidence and money to make its own mark .
Aid has been stepped up , and Koreans have been prominent in disaster relief efforts in Indonesia and the Philippines .
Seoul also has arms sales ambitions that could discomfort arms manufacturers from the United States , Europe and Russia , and before long China .
South Korea is to supply Indonesia with submarines and is looking for arms business in Thailand , Malaysia and possibly Vietnam .
Some in Southeast Asia are wary of the hard - driving nature of Korean business , and worry particularly about its hunger for resources .
Perceived Korean ruthlessness can upset easier - going Southeast Asians .
But by and large Korea is very welcome — not big enough to be a threat but important enough to offer options to countries that have sometimes felt bullied either by the U.S. , Japan or China .
The push for links with Vietnam may be especially significant given Hanoi ’s key role in resisting China ’s claims over the South China Sea , as well as the trade - dependent area ’s interest in open sea lanes .
So while neither China nor Japan will want to see South Korean influence expand at their expense , China probably has more to lose .
Have bicyclist " rights " gone too far ?
For a decade , urban bicyclists have become more brash .
In some cities , groups such as Critical Mass organized mass rush - hour bike rides that tied traffic in knots , delaying commuters rides ' home by minutes or hours .
They are hardly tactics that will win sympathy from drivers .
In the aftermath and as their numbers have increased , cyclists have become emboldened to take over the road .
That is , instead of riding to the right or on the shoulder , some are now riding in the center of the lane .
Two incidents underscore how they are putting themselves in danger .
One incident involved a cyclist hit and killed by accident .
The other case is a motorist who is alleged to have tried to make bicyclists crash into his car on purpose :
In the first case , a driver on the way to work struck a St. Mary 's County , Md. , bicyclist earlier this month and killed him , police told The Washington Post .
The driver , a 20 - year - old in her Honda Accord , told police she never saw the biker .
But the accident might have been prevented if the 47 - year - old bicyclist had been riding in the right , not in the dead center , of the lane , a major contributor to the accident .
In the second case , a Los Angeles doctor is on trial for allegedly slamming the brakes on his car to cause two bikers to run into him .
They did , suffering bloody injuries .
The doctor , Charles Christopher Thompson , was allegedly peeved over having to slow down for three bikers blocking his path , refusing to pull to the right and flipping him off as he passed .
He is on trial for having pulled in front of them and , according to testimony , hitting the brakes so that bikes were sure to hit .
One biker needed 90 stitches .
For a little perspective , Drive On sought out Jeff Peel , a program specialist heading the League of American Bicycle 's campaign for Bicycle Friendly Communities .
His contention is that the road is " not motorist space .
It 's people space . "
Bicyclists are road users , too , even if they travel at the fraction of the speed of a car .
In fact , he says , that 's good .
" The idea is you are slowing traffic , which may be frustrating to some motorists but making the road safer for everyone , " Peel says .
" Creating safer roadways and right - of - ways for all users sometimes requires taking space away from automobiles . "
Taking space away from cars ?
Ouch .
When late to work , it pains a driver to slow down for a bunch of bicyclists hogging the roadway .
In the past , you might have tried to steer around them .
These days , they are right in front of the car .
It will be interesting to see how far this goes , whether bicyclists are allowed to stay in the middle of the highway .
As the deaths mount , maybe it will become clear they need ride to the right .
Here 's a breakdown from Peel about where bikers can ride in various states :
States that require cyclists to use trail or pathways when one is adjacent to roadway :
Louisiana
Nebraska
New Mexico
Oregon
States that require cyclists to use bike lanes when present :
Louisiana
Maryland
New Mexico
Oregon
Rhode Island
West Virginia
States that require cyclists to ride on the shoulder when present :
Alaska
Hawaii
Maryland
South Dakota
A 1997 bike rally by Critical Mass in San Francisco , by Sam Morris / AP
Editor 's note :
In the second installment of an occasional Page 2 series titled " Behind the Highlights , " which examines the details of compelling , obscure , breathtaking and stupefying video clips as told by the figures in and around the action , we look at the story of a manufactured , made - for - TV event that became the most grueling competition two Super Bowl teams ever faced -- and more memorable than the actual Super Bowl they played .
The Pittsburgh Steelers and the Minnesota Vikings met in Super Bowl IX in New Orleans in January 1975 , a game that included 16 future Hall of Famers ( counting coaches Bud Grant and Chuck Noll ) , Pittsburgh 's Steel Curtain defense , Minnesota 's Purple People Eaters and legendary quarterbacks Fran Tarkenton and Terry Bradshaw .
That game , which the Steelers won 16 - 6 , was not the most dramatic or memorable showdown between the two teams , however .
That distinction goes to an epic , 16 - minute tug - of - war on the sands of Waikiki held two weeks later as part of ABC's " Superteams " competition .
After it was all over and the two teams lay moaning and exhausted in the sand , Dick Button -- yes , that Dick Button , the figure skating guy -- told a Sports Illustrated writer , " Nothing -- nothing , not even my own Olympic victories -- has ever moved me like that . "
The principals recall the greatest competition in history .
JEFF SIEMON , former Vikings linebacker : " It was the worst physical strain I 've ever been under .
It was the most intense , brutal abuse I 've ever gone through -- and maybe by far . "
DAVE OSBORN , former Vikings running back : " The tug - of - war was the toughest , most physical thing I 've ever done , bar none .
As far as being tired , I have never been more fatigued .
I was always in great shape as a player .
Practice was always a breeze .
But when you have got to do something for a length of time and do n't dare let up , it drains you .
It was 16 minutes , but it seemed like 16 hours . "
BEV OSBORN , Dave 's wife : " You just wanted them to win the Super Bowl , but this was wondering if everyone was going to still be alive when it was over . "
The " Superteams " show evolved from the " Superstars " competition , a made - for - TV series ; ABC first aired " Superstars " in 1973 , and " Superteams " followed in 1975 .
" Superteams " pitted the Super Bowl and World Series participants against each other in a series of events that included tandem bike riding , a swim relay , an obstacle course , a war canoe race and the tug - of - war that served as the competition 's climax .
Yes , the ' 70s were a lot more fun .
DON OHLMEYER , producer and director for the " Superstars " : " The original idea was Dick Button 's , the old figure skater .
He had a thing he wrote up on a half page of paper : famous athletes competing in sports other than their own .
ABC Sports was interested in the idea , and we fleshed it out and came up with ' Superstars ' -- and out of ' Superstars ' came ' Superteams . '
We just kind of made up the events , a running race , a bicycle race .
We were in Hawaii , so that 's how we came up with the war canoe race .
And the tug - of - war just seemed to be sort of a natural thing for teams to compete in .
It was n't anything scientific .
It was just coming up with seven events you could do . "
[+]
Enlarge Sylvia Allen / Getty Images Franco Harris led the Steelers to a 16 - 6 victory in Super Bowl IX with 158 yards rushing .
STEVE RUSHIN , former Sports Illustrated columnist and Minnesota native : " As a kid , I did n't distinguish between events and nonevents , so the Vikings - Steelers tug - of - war carried as much weight as the Super Bowl .
Perhaps more , since the Vikes were trying to avenge their Super Bowl debacle , which was one of the great disappointments of my childhood .
( I 'll never forget my best friend Mike McCollow making a sign to hold up to the TV during the NFC Championship Game : ' We 're Vikes Fans And Here 's Our Plans .
We 're Gonna Pack Our Jeans for New Orleans . ')
So I was geeked up for the tug - of - war , owing only partially to the Lucky Charms overload I 'd have been on in those days . "
IAN ALLAN , publisher of Fantasy Football Index and Steelers fan : " In hindsight , it was ridiculous -- down there with the likes of the one - on - one basketball challenge between Julius Erving and Kareem Abdul - Jabbar and Muhammad Ali taking on a pro wrestler .
But it was meaningful at the time .
This was 1975 .
There was no cable television .
We did n't have access each week to hundreds of college and pro sports games .
So when ABC put the two Super Bowl teams on TV against each other , I cared .
I figured my beloved Steelers would roll through the Vikings , as well as the baseball teams . "
DON OHLMEYER : " It got good ratings .
Originally we put it on because ABC Sports had lost the NBA to CBS and the NBA had been our big attraction on Sunday afternoons .
We put the ' Superstars ' on and just clobbered the NBA . "
BARRY FRANK , event producer , current vice president of IMG World : " Like so many things , if all the people who say they saw it on TV actually saw it , we would have had Super Bowl ratings . "
MIKE McCOLLOW , Minnesota native and NBA analyst for Fox Sports Net : " I remember caring more about that tug - of - war than any human being should ever care about a made - for - TV event . "
" Superteams " was taped soon after the Super Bowl for broadcast later that winter .
Players were guaranteed a base amount of money for participating , with bonuses for winning an event , and the Steelers wound up taking home something like $ 4,000 or $ 5,000 each and the Vikings about $ 6,000 , plus roughly $ 5,000 for reaching the next round .
The competition was tied heading into the tug - of - war , the final event .
ANDY RUSSELL , former Steelers All - Pro linebacker and " Superteams " captain : " Winning the Superteams competition was a big deal , not because of its importance but because of the money for the winning team .
We were n't there just to have fun -- we were there to win and collect the winner 's check , which was substantially more money than any of us were making for a football game -- including the Super Bowl .
I put the money in my kid 's college fund , helping him go to Dartmouth . "
DAVE OSBORN : " Back in those days , we did n't make a lot of money .
By going and getting in this ' Superstars ' deal , if we won the first round we were guaranteed , I think , $ 5,000 a person , and [ even ] if you did n't win , you got a free vacation .
The tug - of - war was the final event , and by winning that , we moved on to the final and got like $ 10,000 .
That was big when you were making $ 50,000 a year -- if you were lucky .
To go over there and pick up $ 10,000 , that was a big deal .
Plus , they beat us in the Super Bowl .
The TV people pitched that idea to us right after the Super Bowl .
They must have been planning it ahead of time .
I do n't know how they chose the people who went , but they asked us to come .
It was the first year , and we did n't even know what it was .
We looked up and said , ' This will be a nice vacation if nothing else . ' "
BARRY FRANK : " We paid their hotel bills , but instead of fooling around with their incidentals , we gave each of them an envelope of money .
We said , ' This will pay for your incidentals , ' and in each envelope was $ 300 , three $ 100 bills .
You would have thought we had given them $ 20,000 .
The reaction to cash as opposed to a check is so much greater .
I learned a lesson there .
Cash is king with athletes . "
PAUL KRAUSE , former Vikings defensive back and Hall of Famer : " Back then , when TV said , ' We 'll do this , we 'll do that , ' you wanted to do it because it was something that no one else could do . "
[+]
Enlarge Manny Rubio/ NFL / Getty Images Joe Greene and the Pittsburgh defense dominated the Vikings , holding Minnesota to just 119 yards on offense .
DAWN SIEMON , Jeff 's wife : " It was January in Minnesota , and everybody was like , ' Wow , we 're going to Hawaii . '
It was n't a big deal for the West Coast teams , but it was definitely big for us . "
The tug - of - war was held on the beach at Waikiki .
The track , tandem bike and swimming events were held at Punahou School , from which Dawn Siemon graduated in 1969 and where Barack Obama was a 13 - year - old student at the time of the " Superteams " competition .
Would a certain teenager have gone to see players from the Super Bowl and World Series compete at his school ?
BARRY FRANK : " [ Obama ] may very well have been there , but if he was , I did n't recognize him at the time .
He should have worn a T - shirt that said , ' Stay Tuned , I Will Be President . ' "
STEVE RUSHIN : " I remember being fascinated by Waikiki , wanting to go there , to those white sands where twin icons of my childhood -- the Vikings and the Brady bunch -- vacationed . "
The Steelers had six players on the rope : Franco Harris , L.C. Greenwood , Ernie Holmes , Jim Clack , Ray Mansfield and Andy Russell .
The Vikings countered with these six : Alan Page , Carl Eller , Jeff Siemon , Dave Osborn , Ron Yary and Mick Tingelhoff .
The two sides were separated by a 3 - foot - deep pit of water and a long stretch of rope .
The first team to drag a marker on the rope over to its side was the winner .
Whoever won the tug - of - war would advance to the championship round against the Dodgers - A's winner .
DICK BUTTON : " It always was a magnificent thing to see one team pull the other into the water pit .
You got expressions and anger and real emotion that could n't be faked .
I think we were going berserk on the side .
It was one of those brilliantly wild moments that great athleticism gives you . "
JEFF SIEMON : " What really set that up is we had lost to them in the Super Bowl , and I think there was a real determination to win , and everything hinged on the tug - of - war .
Everything was tied going into it , and we were determined not to lose . "
FRANCO HARRIS , Steelers Hall of Fame running back : " For us , the most important thing and the biggest part was the Super Bowl , OK ?
Now these other games -- hey , we wanted to compete , these were fun events to see what other guys could do in other categories , but I guess we looked at it more that , hey , we 'll give our best , we 'll give our all , we want to win -- but we knew that the victory that really counted was the Super Bowl . "
ANDY RUSSELL : " That event , the last and deciding event , was poorly executed by our team .
If I recall correctly ( and I seldom do ) each team was allowed as many participants until the total weight exceeded 1,500 pounds or some number like that .
As captain of our ' super team , ' I mistakenly used our biggest and strongest players -- i.e. , Fats Holmes at 300 - plus pounds -- causing us to only have six tug - of - warriors .
The other mistake we made was to allow ourselves to fall backwards onto the sand and then not to be able to use any muscles other than our arms .
We were totally exhausted , laying there in the hot sand , using only our arm muscles -- we should have stood up and used our legs . "
PAUL KRAUSE : " I was the what would you call it ?
The guy who was telling everybody to pull ?
I was the coxswain .
I 'd run up and down the line and tell them to keep pulling .
It was just extraordinary to watch those giant , strong guys pull and pull and pull .
Neither team wanted to get beat .
It was phenomenal .
It was just incredible .
They were both pulling for everything they had .
I was glad I was n't pulling because they were suffering . "
[+]
Enlarge ABC
For 16 minutes , the Vikings dug in the sand and pulled with all their will .
The show producers did n't think the tug - of - war would last more than a couple of minutes .
Instead , after the Steelers jumped to an early lead , the two teams dug deep into the sand and fell into what appeared to be an unending stalemate .
The tug went on so long ABC had to go to a commercial break and the two teams were still dug in when the cameras returned .
FRANCO HARRIS : " Once I think people saw some people digging in , everybody decided to dig in .
And it really turned into a quite a bit longer event than people thought .
I believe there was starting to be some pressure from the TV crew that we have to get this over , we can't just have people sitting on the rope . "
DON OHLMEYER : " We could n't just stop it because we had n't really thought of that .
Anytime you do something new , you end up seeing something where you say , ' Oh , we did n't think of that . '
We thought it might go three , maybe four minutes .
We were afraid it would be over in 30 seconds .
How wrong we were . "
BARRY FRANK : " This was n't life and death .
But they got into it .
That 's another thing -- you do n't want to let down your teammates . "
BEV OSBORN : " I just remember the veins sticking out in Dave 's neck and arms .
I thought they were going to pop .
We got very concerned at the end .
You wondered how much longer they could go on .
By their expressions , you knew they could n't last . "
DAWN SIEMON : " Jeff was sick , and I was concerned about that .
He had n't eaten a lot .
So I was worried about him .
I had no idea it would go on that long .
I figured it would be a few minutes and done .
As it went on I think we were all wondering , ' Is somebody going to call this ? '
But I knew those fellows would not give up .
I knew someone would have to do something exceptional or the refs would have to call it .
And I think some of us wanted to have them call it . "
DON OHLMEYER : " What was great about it with the football players was it was an opportunity to see them without all their helmets and equipment on .
We had all these powerful shots of them straining . "
MIKE McCOLLOW : " I remember Franco Harris looking like Gabe Kaplan and also looking like he was going to die and him wishing he would . "
With both teams dug into the sand , players attempted different approaches to break the deadlock .
At one point , Page stood up , turned around , put the rope around his shoulder and tried to drag his team to victory .
The turning point , however , occurred when Pittsburgh 's Ernie Holmes left his anchor position to go to the front of the rope and pull in a desperate attempt to change momentum .
Instead , that move likely gave the Vikings the opening they needed .
They pulled hard and gradually dragged the marker across the line to win .
STEVE RUSHIN : " As I recall it , Page more or less pulled the entire Steelers team across the line -- they appeared to be barefoot water - skiing in the sand --- and then both teams collapsed in a pile of biceps , mustaches , muttonchops , jogging shorts and tube socks . "
JEFF SIEMON : " We felt vindicated .
We had prevailed , and it meant something .
I think I would be understating it if I did n't acknowledge that it was important to every guy that we not lose again .
The motivation for us far eclipsed what it was for the Steelers .
But that it went on for 16 minutes suggested they were fully committed , too . "
After the tug was over , O.J. Simpson ( working for ABC ) asked Franco Harris why he had n't gotten up .
Harris , lying spent in the sand , raised his head high enough to tell Simpson , " I 'm going to out be here for a while , Juice . "
ABC Franco Harris could n't even move at the end of the tug - of - war .
FRANCO HARRIS : " It was pretty brutal ; it took a lot out of us .
And with my face in the sand -- that felt pretty good in the time afterwards .
When you 're in a classic event and you lose it , that makes it a little tougher , that makes you keep your head down in the sand a little longer .
Losing in that vein , there 's nowhere to go and so you just have to ponder it and feel the agony a little bit more . "
DAVE OSBORN : " We were too tired to celebrate .
We were exhausted .
It took a long time to recover .
I 've never been so totally exhausted in my athletic career .
My arms -- I could n't even move my arms for a complete hour .
You were so tense for so long , your muscles just locked in that position .
I had gloves on -- we all wore cheap handball gloves -- and I could n't open my hands to get the gloves off . "
DAWN SIEMON : " Jeff was just prostrate on the sand and our son , Jeff Jr. , who was 2 , came running up , ' Daddy , Daddy !
Ohhhhh , what 's happened to him ? '
He was all worried about him because he was lying in the sand so long .
[ The wives ] just sat there by them because they literally could not move .
They were spent .
I sat there with him until he was able to get up and walk away . "
ANDY RUSSELL : " I remember lying there in the sand , exhausted and cramping up , quite disgusted that we found ourselves without the use of the strength of our legs -- the Vikings were in the same position -- but knowing that the action of just standing up would have released our ' tug ' and the Vikings would have won easily at that moment .
Probably the reason the Vikings won was their frustration of having lost that Super Bowl , a game that could easily have gone either way .
Perhaps in that 16th minute we were too self - satisfied to continue pulling at our max . "
With the tug - of - war victory , the Vikings advanced to the championship against the Los Angeles Dodgers , who were the defending National League champs .
With a team including Steve Garvey , Ron Cey , Jimmy Wynn , Bill Russell and Davey Lopes , the Dodgers whipped the Vikings 7 - 2 , including a surprising victory in an anticlimactic tug - of - war .
DAVE OSBORN : " We took on the baseball team in the finals and they had one or two more guys in the tug - of - war .
It was the weight limit thing , and they put all their light guys on , so they beat us in like 30 seconds .
They just had more arms and legs to work with . "
ABC brought back the " Superteams " for a few years and added " Battle of the Network Stars , " which became the source of the classic Second City Television parody , " Battle of the PBS Stars " with Mr. Rogers , Julia Child , Carl Sagan and Dick Cavett .
It 's difficult to imagine under what circumstances you could get Super Bowl and World Series champions to compete in such an event as the " Superteams " these days .
DAVE OSBORN : " You could n't pay enough money to do it now .
They make so much money now , they wo n't go over there and take the chance of pulling muscles or getting hurt .
They would n't do what we did .
We talked at banquets , dinners , we played in celebrity basketball games -- most of us needed that .
We had second jobs to earn money .
Teams would n't let them do it now .
It 's tough to even get guys to go to the Pro Bowl . "
BARRY FRANK : " What happened was , baseball teams put into their contracts that the players could n't do it so they would n't get hurt .
The football teams never did that , but the baseball and basketball teams did .
We had a bike race crash , and I thought we killed a couple ballplayers . "
KEN GRIFFEY JR. , whose father , Ken Sr. , competed in " Superteams " with the Reds : " I think the money is different and the guys are getting paid a substantial amount , so unless it 's an activity that is related to baseball and MLB is behind it , it will never happen again .
If you pull a hamstring in January , it can take you all year to heal .
I do n't think teams would be real happy about guys participating in that anymore . "
In the emotion of the moment immediately after the tug - of - war , Dave Osborn told Sports Illustrated that it was the greatest victory , " the greatest experience , " he had ever had in sport and that people " will remember it when they 've forgotten who played in the 1975 Super Bowl . "
DAVE OSBORN : " It was quite a feat .
They talked about that for a long time .
You can ask people about the Super Bowl and they wo n't remember much , but they remember that tug - of - war . "
DON OHLMEYER : " It 's one of the reasons people love sports and admire athletes .
Here are guys who came over to have a good time and yes , they get a little money , but this was competition .
The gun fires , the competition starts , and these were a bunch of guys who were n't going to lose no matter what .
They were killing themselves .
It was unbelievable .
When you 're making up events , you have an idea in your mind about how good they will be , and sometimes they turn out even better .
That 's a function of guys really getting into it , and those guys really got into it .
It was a matter of pride , and they were n't going to give up .
That 's the power of television and the power of competition .
" It 's kind of a tribute to the athletes and to the guys to make stuff like that memorable . "
Jim Caple is a senior writer for ESPN.com .
You can follow him on Twitter at @jimcaple .
WASHINGTON  The Federal Reserve chairman , Ben S. Bernanke , said Tuesday that it was “ very likely ” that the recession had ended although he cautioned that it could be months before unemployment rates dropped significantly .
“ Even though from a technical perspective the recession is very likely over at this point , it ’s still going to feel like a very weak economy for some time as many people will still find that their job security and their employment status is not what they wish it was , ” Mr. Bernanke said in response to a question about unemployment trends .
“ That ’s a challenge for us and all policy makers going forward . ”
The cautiously optimistic assessment came at the end of a speech at the Brookings Institution observing a year after a market crisis that was precipitated by the collapse of the investment bank Lehman Brothers .
Image U.S. Chairman of the Federal Reserve Ben Bernanke listens to questions after making remarks about a year of economic turmoil at the Brookings Institution in Washington Tuesday .
Credit ... Jim Young / Reuters
Shortly before the speech , the Commerce Department reported that retail sales had surged in August as consumers swapped old cars for new ones under the “ cash - for - clunkers ” program .
The increase , by a seasonally adjusted 2.7 percent rate over the previous month , widely surpassed analysts ’ expectations and was the largest monthly increase since January 2006 .
A Danish movie about a gay love affair between two members of a neo -Nazi group won top honours at the Rome Film Festival , while Helen Mirren won the best actress award .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mirren won for her depiction of Leo Tolstoy 's wife in Michael Hoffman 's The Last Station , while Meryl Streep picked up a career achievement award .
The winning movie , Brotherhood , takes a hard look at the neo - Nazi group that the leading character , Lars , joins after leaving the army .
The group carries out raids on homosexuals , but Lars and his mentor in the group , Jimmy , begin a love affair that they try to keep secret .
Brotherhood is the first feature film by Nicolo Donato , a 35 - year - old who previously worked as a fashion photographer .
The jury handing out the awards was headed by Oscar - winning director Milos Forman .
The best actor award went to Italy 's Sergio Castellitto , who played a single parent and blue - collar worker dreaming that his son will become a boxing champ in the movie Alza la Testa .
The festival paid homage to Streep through the career award and a retrospective of her work .
Her cooking flick Julie & Julia , in which she plays Julia Child , was shown out of competition and was chosen to close the festival .
At the award ceremony , a black - clad Streep was presented with the career achievement prize by Giuseppe Tornatore , the Italian director who won an Oscar for best foreign film with Cinema Paradiso .
The sales numbers for August are here , and while the overall industry decline continues — sales are down 14 percent year to date — hardware sales are seeing a slight uptick after both Microsoft and Sony dropped the price on their respective systems .
" The price cuts implemented on the PS3 and 360 hardware already made an impact on unit sales , despite having been executed fairly late in the month .
It will be interesting to see the full impact of the new price points on September sales , " NPD analyst Anita Frazier wrote in the report .
Every system saw a jump over July sales .
Who did the best ?
" The PS3 captured the greatest increase month - over - month with unit sales boosted by 72 percent over July levels . "
Let 's take a look at how the month shook out .
Nintendo
The Wii sold 277,000 units in August , and the Nintendo DS 552,900 units .
That was easily enough to take the top two slots in hardware sales , although the Wii 's lead is rapidly shrking .
Nintendo also does n't have quite the stranglehold on software that we 're used to .
Wii Sports Resort with the MotionPlus Peripheral came in second place with 754,000 units sold , and there is no more Nintendo product on the list until we come to Wii Fit in eighth place with 128,000 units sold .
Mario Kart on the Wii came in ninth place with 120,000 in sales , and newcomer Fossil Fighters took the number 10 slot with 92,000 in sales .
It shows how dominant Nintendo has become when a month with four titles in the top ten is considered a step backwards .
Microsoft
The Xbox 360 sold 215,400 units in August , only 5,400 more than the PlayStation 3 in the same month .
That 's also only a small bump from last month , where the system sold 202,900 units of hardware .
Keep in mind the 360 had almost no time to see a bump from the late - month price drop , where Sony had an extra week to benefit from the price point .
Madden NFL 10 took the number one slot with 928,000 in sales .
Batman : Arkham Asylum took the number four slot with 303,000 in sales ; no other 360 games made the top ten list .
Sony
Sony dropped the price of the PlayStation 3 to $ 300 on August 19 , and that apparently spurred sales as the PS3 sold 210,000 units , around 90,000 more than in July .
The PlayStation 2 sold 105,900 , and the PlayStation Portable sold 140,300 units .
Sony was able to chart an impressive amount of software in August as well .
Madden NFL 10 come in the number three slot with 665,000 units , and Batman : Arkham Asylum came in fifth place with 290,000 .
Madden NFL 10 on the PS2 also charted in sixth place with 160,000 sold .
The PSP even had a piece of software in seventh place with Dissida : Final Fantasy selling 130,000 units .
Sony is bragging about its performance .
" Our top retailers have reported a 300 percent lift in PS3 hardware sales and an increase of 140 percent in total hardware revenue across the PlayStation portfolio when comparing the first week of September to the week before the $ 299 price adjustment , " the company claims .
Time to open the champagne .
" The PS3 was the only platform to realize a year - over - year increase in total software sales and this is reflected in the top 10 list for the month which includes two PS3 games , " Frazier pointed out .
It used to be the blockbusters did all their business on the 360 , but now we can clearly see the big name games selling very competitively on the PS3 .
Arkham Asylum benefited from strong exclusive content , and Madden has always been a strong brand on Sony 's systems .
This is good news for all things PlayStation .
Conclusions ?
The economy is starting to give the game industry a beating , but Sony seems to have gained some momentum in the console race .
It will be fascinating to see how the sales pan out once both systems have had an entire month to enjoy their respective price drops .
The good news is that Sony is charting games , and catching up with the 360 in terms of monthly hardware sales and software sales of the big games .
The numbers for September will be very interesting indeed .
Because underwater photography is a specialized art , relatively few photographers attempt it .
But it offers many exciting and rare photographic opportunities for fresh and truly different vivid images .
Capturing the beauty of the world beneath the oceans is a challenge , but the rewards are worth it .
The excitement comes not only from the idea of capturing an underwater scene on film or on a digital camera ’s sensor , but also from being in a completely different environment .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Click Here !
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Click Here !
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Via Bellflower
Most people have heard of , or read the book “ Think and Grow Rich ” by Napoleon Hill .
Personally , I am a huge fan of the book and have read and studied it many times .
Napoleon
Hill spent many years interviewing the most successful people of the time and then compiled the information into the book .
Think and Grow Rich is just exactly as the title suggests .
Think and Grow Rich .
Not only moneywise , but also rich in thoughts , ideas , how to take action to reach your goals and dreams .
To get good at what you do you have to Take Action .
Do n’t try to figure out the HOW to do it before you start .
Just take the first step .
It ’s ok to fail .
Practice makes perfect .
The HOW will come to you along the way .
A quote from Napoleon Hill the author of Think and Grow Rich .
“ Before success comes in any man ’s life , he ’s sure to meet with much temporary defeat and , perhaps some failures .
When defeat overtakes a man , the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit .
That ’s exactly what the majority of men do ” .
~ Napoleon Hill ~
I belong to a group of like minded individuals called Mentoring for free .
Every Wednesday at 3 pm and 8 pm Eastern we host a coaching call to study Think and Grow Rich .
30 - Day Mental Cleanse –
This is a great coaching call where we learn to master our thoughts by Masterminding on the book " Think and Grow Rich " by Napoleon Hill .
Each week we discuss one chapter – the nature of this call allows you to join in on any week ; Michael Dlouhy ( host ) chooses the lessons in a way that highlights a specific mentoring principle .
He then broadcasts them via email to the participants .
The call is every Wednesday at 3 pm and 8 pm Eastern .
You can become a participant and download your free copy of the eBook Think and Grow Rich at : www.30DayCleanse.com.
This call is highly recommended for everyone .
Michael has been hosting this call continuously for over ten years .
To your Success ,
Cristiana Martinez
Why do campus ministry groups always tempt with pizza ?Â
It seems like a parable Jesus himself might tell .
Â
Beware those bearing pizza , for they will lead you astray … to dances ?
Â
Campus ministries are certainly not a bad thing , inherently .
Â
But like any institution , it probably would n’t hurt occasionally to turn the focus internal .
And yes , we know there ’s no such thing as a female engineering major .
Â
They all become elementary school teachers , right ?
August 17th , 2009
After Armen ’s list of 100 , my own 100 Ways to be a better leader and now several readers creating their own lists of 100 topics , I thought I would continue this trend and build one more on 100 ways simplify your life and mind .
I ’ve written a couple articles before on this topic and I ’ve kept a few items from those articles on my list here , but most of this is new and it is really a useful way to find things to start doing .
As with any of these 100 lists , obviously you ca n’t do all of these things ( I certainly do n’t ) but you can pick some items on the list and start with them to simplify things in your life .
I ’d love for you to comment and add your own items or why not create your own list of 100 items , link back to these if they have inspired you and challenge your own readers to do the same and keep these lists going !
Simplify Your Actions
1. Start everyday with your most important task , leaving other ones undone
2 . Do what you said you will do first
3 . Say no when you are already committed and asked to take on more
4 . Ask others for help whenever you need it
5 . Finish things completely , do n’t leave it only to have to come back again and again
6 . Pick one thing at a time to do and focus on it
7 . Make the most time for your passions and purposeful work
8 . Leave spare time for yourself unscheduled and uncommitted
9 . Prioritize your todo list
10 .
Keep one todo list and keep it short ( only the most important things should be on it at any time )
11 . Take time to be in solitude
12 . Take time to pray and meditate
13 . Make wasteful actions ( like TVwatching or pointless internet surfing ) more difficult to do to help avoid them .
14 . Find and eliminate other wasteful actions in your life
15 . Develop habits and daily routines to practise important actions
16 . Read every single day
17 .
Plan your week and all major tasks for that week
18 . Review your accomplishments each week
19 .
Be grateful for what you have , what you can do , and for everything in your life
20 .
Turn off your cell phone
21 . Turn off all notifications on your computer from IM , email or other popups
22 . Eat simple meals and do n’t cook things that do n’t need to be cooked
23 .
Eat less , which lets you also prepare less and cleanup less and store less
24 . Automate any bills , payments , and money transactions that you can
25 . Ignore distractions from media
26 . Commute by bicycle or public transit instead of the busy freeway
27 .
Use commuting time wisely by reading or listening to books
28 . Consider a career or job change to reduce stress
29 .
Find and maintain routines for day to day things
Simplify Your Stuff
30 .
Get rid of clothes you no longer wear or have worn in 6 months
31 . Sell or give away household items you rarely / never use
32 . Eliminate 2 things for every one new thing you acquire
33 .
Lend things out to friends often and do n’t ask for it back if you do n’t need it
34 . Buy less stuff by only buying basic needs
35 .
Move to a smaller house or living space and get rid of all extra stuff
36 . Give away books when you are done with them and let someone else enjoy them
37 .
Give up some electronic gadgets and do without them
38 . Engage in simple hobbies that do n’t require a lot of stuff ( music , art , perhaps writing ? )
39 .
De-clutter your living space and do n’t keep any trinkets or excessive decorations
40 . Consider going more green since this requires reducing things that consume power / energy
41 . Get rid of your televisions or at least reduce the time you spend watching
42 . Get rid of other media distractions in your life
43 .
Put a sign on your door / mailbox asking not to receive any flyers or unsolicited mail
44 . Do n’t carry all your credit or debit cards , just a small amount of cash for emergency
45 . Downsize your vehicles or sell one
46 . Clear out all clutter and extra stuff from your vehicle
47 . Spend a weekend and pretend you are going to move , then clean out and get rid of everything you do n’t need
48 . Have a place for everything and keep it organized in place
49 . Label , simplify and organize your file systems ( both physical and electronic )
50 .
Consolidate your email accounts , bank accounts , RSS feeds and others
51 . Recycle and reuse as much as possible
52 . Give to those who have less than you
53 .
Volunteer your time for service to others
54 . Keep a vegetable garden via online nursery
55 .
Grow some plants and flowers
56 . Enjoy nature ’s company
Simplify Your Relationships
57 .
Be honest with others ( it will help avoid complex issues and conflict )
58 . Treat everyone with respect , not just your close friends or relationship
59 .
Treat everyone fairly , do n’t complicate things with favoritism
60 .
Trust others without them having to earn it first
61 . Accept people for who they are and do n’t expect them to change
62 . Compare yourself only to yourself from the past , no one else
63 . Learn to say , “ No ”
64 .
Ask your friends and family for things they are looking for , and give them any items you can do without that you have
65 . Keep all your contacts and address book items in one place
66 . Involve your whole family with simplifying your life
67 .
Tell your friends about what you want to achieve by simplifying
68 . Pick some of the actions above and do them with a friend
69 .
Focus on activities for doing things instead of buying
70 .
Spend less time with the “ negatrons ” around you and more time with positive people
71 . Apologize quickly for any hurtful actions
72 . Spend time in private with a significant other each week
73 .
Go for walks and have time to just talk with your friends and family ( you do n’t always need to be doing anything )
74 .
Make a gift for someone else instead of buying one
75 .
Write a personal thank you note or letter to a friend
76 . Call someone you care for with no reason other than to tell them you were thinking of them and wish them a wonderful day
77 .
Walk away from all gosip and do n’t participate in those conversations
78 .
Put family meals at home first and do n’t let work get in the way
79 .
Stay completely disconnected from work on weekends and vacations
80 . Listen to others and stop talking so much yourself
Simplify your Thoughts
81 . Be content with life for health , love and happiness instead of with belongings
82 . Keep less goals and plans ( focus on just 2 or 3 at a time )
83 . Exercise often as this clears the mind and keeps you healthy longer through life
84 . Make time to do what you love and to provide relief from stress
85 . Make a list of all your simple pleasures in life and pick an item from it to do every day .
86 . Evaluate new things by asking “ Will this help to simplify my life ? ”
87 . Let go of perfectionism
88 . Find what calms you and visualize it to reduce stress
89 .
Be positive and look for the best in things
90 .
Be anxious for nothing and live more in the moment
91 .
Let go of things from the past
92 . Face and get over your fears
93 .
Always look for ways to improve oneself
94 . Note and express gratitude
95 .
Know and stick to your limits for commitments
96 .
Seek knowledge only to apply it as wisdom
97 .
Look for and express love to yourself and others
98 .
Choose to be happy and at peace with yourself
99 .
All that you express , comes back to you , so think and express what you want for yourself
100 .
Seek and love God and He will provide , you need not worry about anything else
Prev : Do You Demonstrate Moral Leadership ?
Next : Book Review : The Adversity Paradox
You ’ve worked hard getting that garden planted and tending it with care , but inevitably nature takes its course and the bugs find those veggies .
Is it any surprise they ’d want to eat the delicious fruits of your labors ?
You ca n’t blame them , after all .
But you can prevent pest damage and control problems .
Pest control begins with prevention .
Pests are less likely to attack a healthy , thriving plant and diseased or deficient plants are most susceptible .
To keep ahead of pests , start by building healthy soil , providing just enough water , and making sure your plants have the nutrients and organic material they need .
Companion planting and crop rotation are great ways to prevent problems by using diversity and change in your favor .
Plants like marigolds and calendula are said to have pest deterrent properties , and pungent herbs such as cilantro , basil , garlic , and oregano can also repel pests , so interplant them in your vegetable beds .
Companion planting also adds variety , color , and contrast to the garden .
Think of the chemical - dependent agricultural practice of monocropping , and try to do the opposite .
Problems with pests can often be averted or avoided simply by being observant .
Take time to explore your garden and plants , keeping a close eye especially on plants that appear wilted or have holes and bite marks in the leaves .
Also look for the tell - tale sign of a slimy trail left by slugs and snails .
Observing your plants can help you decide what pests you may have and how best to control them .
You can pick off pests such as catapillars and slugs as you find them .
If you notice a lot of slugs and snails , you can try baiting them with beer traps .
Introducing beneficial insects that eat the problem pests is a great way to restore balance and contain pest attacks .
Ladybugs are a favorite beneficial because they eat the aphids that suck the life out of plants , which is why it ’s said that finding them in the garden is a sign of good luck .
You can buy ladybugs at your local garden store if you have an aphid infestation and release them in the garden shortly after it ’s been watered .
If prevention , hand - picking , baiting , or introducing beneficial insects fails to control your pest problem , only as a last resort would I recommend spraying .
Using a natural incesticide may be much safer than using a chemical one , but it can kill all bugs , including the ones you want to keep in the garden .
Neem oil is something every organic gardener will want in their arsenal , as it can repel and control many pests as well as fungal diseases and powdery mildew .
You can make a spray from neem oil and dish soap to spray on the leaves of plants up to the day of harvest .
Spraying strongly scented and spicy oils such as those from garlic , hot peppers , and onions can also keep the pests away , especially for pests that eat the foliage of plants .
You Grow Girl has some handy organic pesticide recipes .
For larger pests such as rodents and birds , often the best prevention is keeping dead and rotting fruit picked up and harvesting often .
A sturdy fence is a must for keeping the deer away .
I cover my strawberry and blueberry patches with bird netting .
Bamboo stakes are placed around the beds , then topped with cups or jars so the stakes do n’t poke through the netting that is thrown over the top .
Netting can be staked in place with garden staples , and is easy to move for harvesting .
Moles and gophers can be quite destructive , and while there ’s all kinds of traps available , I ca n’t bring myself to kill the critters .
What has worked very well in my garden is just letting the critters know that there are predators around .
I let my dogs and cat into the garden with me while I work , all it takes is a little training so they learn not to step in the beds .
If you do n’t live with animal companions , you can try borrowing a friend ’s pet once in a while , or seek out pet fur that you can scatter around so their scent is present .
Another tried and true gardening practice that helps minimize pest damage is simply planting more than you can use .
With extra plants , you ’ll know you will have plenty and can share the harvest if pests happen to find a plant or two .
Scattering plantings around and intermixing different types of plants is a good habit to get into .
If you do end up with more food than you know what to do with , you can always donate it to the local food bank , freeze , dehydrate , and can it for later , or just share with friends and neighbors .
Too much garden - fresh produce is a lovely problem to have !
Happy gardening !
Photo :
Are n’t I lucky ?
A ladybug graces my fennel plants , contrasting nicely with the feathery foliage .
Managing Gigabytes勉強会で転置インデックスの圧縮の話が出たので実際に圧縮を行った場合にどれくらいのサイズになるかを計測してみた。
利用したデータは英語 版Wikidiaの全記事で
文書数 2,872,589 単語数 2,735,620 転置インデックスのポインタの数
397,603,176
ぐらいのサイズのデータです。
無圧縮の転置インデックスのフォーマットは
単 語ID , 文書数 , 文書 1 , ....文書N , 単語ID , ...
で各項目4byteとなっており、1.5Gぐらいのサイズになっています。
これに対して各圧縮アルゴリズムを適用した結果は
アルゴリズム 無圧縮 Variable Byte Code unary符号 γ符号 δ符号 Rice Coding pforDelta(仮 ) サイズ 1537 MB 497MB 239475 MB 474MB 407MB 367MB 455 MB ポインタ辺りのビット 数 32.4403 10.4945 5052.43 10.0026 8.59053 7.75678 9.60173
ここ でRice CodingというのはGolomb符号の特別な場合でMGの表記で言うとbが2のべき乗のときの符号です。あとbのパラメータはb
= 2^1 - 2^31までを全通り試してみて一番よかったものを用いてます。ここで使ったbは5bit使って格納しておくと仮定します。
また、pforDeltaについてですが128個に分割する所とかがよく分かっていないのでとりあえず一単語ごとに圧縮しています。
あと注意としてはこのデータの場合は単語の数も文章の数も21bitで表現できるため、特別な圧縮アルゴリズムを用いなくても1008MBまでは縮められます。
表から はRice Codingの圧縮率がかなりいいこととVByte符号を用いても半分ぐらいには圧縮が可能であるということが分かる。
また 、Rice Codingでの最適なbとその単語の平均出現頻度をプロットすると
となり、当たり前ではあるが頻度が高いほどbが小さくてすむということがわかる。
参考文 献 [ 1 ]
Jiangong Zhang , Xiaohui Long , Torsten Suel : Performance of Compressed Inverted List Caching in Search Engines , WWW 2008 , url
[ 2 ] γ符号、δ符号、ゴロム符号による圧縮効果 - naoyaのはてなダイアリ ー [ 1]
の4.1に5個の圧縮アルゴリズムの解説が述べてある、VByte,PForDelta, Riceの他にSimple9とSimple16という符号の解説が述べられています。また[2]には今回解説をサボった符号化手法に関する説明が述べてあります。 追記 ：Simple-9のアルゴリズム関して解説を書きました。http://d.hatena.ne.jp/tsubosaka/20090810/1249915586
ソースコード # include < sstream > # include < fstream > # include < iostream > # include < vector > # include < algorithm > using namespace std ; inline int lg( int x ) { return 31 - __builtin_clz(x ) ; } inline long unary_enc ( int i ) { return i ; } inline long gamma_enc ( int i ) { int x = lg( i ) ; return unary_enc( x + 1 ) + x ; } long delta_enc ( int i ) { if ( i == 1 ) return 1 ; long x = lg( i ) ; return x + gamma_enc( x ) ; } long vbyte_enc ( int i ) { long res = 0 ; do { i >>=
7 ; res += 8 ; } while ( i ) ; return res ; } struct RiceEncoder { int logb ; RiceEncoder ( int i ) : logb ( i ) {} long operator ( ) ( const int i ) const { int b = 1 << logb ; int q = i / b ; return logb + unary_enc( q + 1 ) ; } } ; template < class Encoder > long bit_len ( const vector < int > & ds , Encoder enc ) { long res = 4 ; for ( int i = 1 ; i < ds.size ( ) ; i++) { int diff = ds [ i ] - ds [ i - 1 ] ; res += enc( diff ) ; } return res ; } long pforDeltaLen ( const vector < int > & ds , int b ) { long res =
4 ; res += 4 ; int exceptionNum = 0 ; int prev = - 1 ; int powb = 1 << b ; for ( int i = 1 ; i < ds.size ( ) ; i++) { int diff = ds [ i ] - ds [ i - 1 ] ; res += b ; if ( diff >= powb ) { exceptionNum ++ ; prev = i ; } else if ( prev >= 0 && ( i - prev == powb ) ) { exceptionNum ++ ; prev = i ; } } res += exceptionNum * 32 ; return res ; } void compress ( const char * inputFileName ) { ifstream fin( inputFileName , ios : : binary ) ; long null = 0 ; long vbyte =
0 ; long unary = 0 ; long gamma = 0 ; long delta = 0 ; long rice = 0 ; long pdelta = 0 ; long totalPointer = 0 ; while (! fin.eof ( ) ) { int tid , size ; fin.read ( ( char *) &tid , sizeof ( int ) ) ; fin.read ( ( char *) &size , sizeof ( int ) ) ; vector < int > ds ; int pre = - 1 ; int firstd = - 1 ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < size ; i++) { int did ; fin.read ( ( char *) &did , sizeof ( int ) ) ; ds.push_back ( did ) ; } null += 2 * 32 ; null += ds.size ( ) * 32 ; vbyte += 2 * 32 ; vbyte += bit_len ( ds , & vbyte_enc ) ; unary += 2 * 32 ; unary += bit_len ( ds , & unary_enc ) ; gamma += 2 * 32 ; gamma += bit_len ( ds , & gamma_enc ) ; delta += 2 * 32 ; delta += bit_len ( ds , & delta_enc ) ; int rmin = - 1 ; for ( int b = 1 ; b <= 31 ; b++ ) { int r = 2 * 32 ; r += 5 ; r += bit_len ( ds , RiceEncoder ( b ) ) ; if ( rmin < 0 || r < rmin ) { rmin = r ; } } rice += rmin ; rmin = - 1 ; for ( int b = 1 ; b <= 31 ; b++ ) { int r = 2 * 32 ; r += 5 ; r += pforDeltaLen ( ds , b ) ; if ( rmin < 0 || r < rmin ) { rmin = r ; } } pdelta += rmin ; totalPointer += ds.size ( ) ; } cout << " # of total pointer " << totalPointer << endl ; cout << " null ( MByte ) " << ( null >> 23 ) << endl ; cout << " null ( bit per pointer ) : " << ( 1.0 * null / totalPointer ) << endl ; cout << " vbyte( MByte ) " << ( vbyte >> 23 ) << endl ; cout << " vbyte ( bit per pointer ) : " << ( 1.0 * vbyte / totalPointer ) << endl ; cout << " unary ( MByte ) " << ( unary >> 23 ) << endl ; cout << " unary ( bit per pointer ) : " << ( 1.0 * unary / totalPointer ) << endl ; cout << " gamma( MByte ) " << ( gamma >> 23 ) << endl ; cout << " gamm a ( bit per pointer ) : " << ( 1.0 * gamma / totalPointer ) << endl ; cout << " delta( MByte ) " << ( delta >> 23 ) << endl ; cout << " delt a( bit per pointer ) : " << ( 1.0 * delta / totalPointer ) << endl ; cout << " rice ( MByte ) " << ( rice >> 23 ) << endl ; cout << " rice ( bit per pointer ) : " << ( 1.0 * rice / totalPointer ) << endl ; cout << " pforDelra ( MByte ) " << ( pdelta >> 23 ) << endl ; cout << " pforDelta ( bit per pointer ) : " << ( 1.0 * pdelta / totalPointer ) << endl ; } int main ( ) { compress ( " merge.pointer " ) ; }
I sold my company , Smart Bear , in December of 2007 .
I have n’t talked about it at all on this blog , and it ’s time I spill my guts about the whole affair .
You ’d think selling a company would be a glamorous , exuberant experience , but I was surprised at the reactions I got .
These are actual quotes :
“ How could you sell your baby ?
I ’m shocked . ”
“ I thought you said things were going well .
Hmm . ”
“ You ’re such a sell - out !
You used to be one of the few cool people I knew . ”
Interestingly , 100 % of the negative reactions were from people who had never started their own company .
But that does n’t make them wrong , and it does n’t make their words sting less , especially when they ’re your friends .
Now that almost two years have passed , I can relate exactly why “ selling my baby ” was right for me .
Hopefully this thought process is interesting to you and possibly useful in the happy event that you ’re faced with the same choice , but the truth is I just need to get this off my chest .
I need to explain to those who still consider me a sell - out .
You ’ve probably heard about Noam Wasserman ’s “ Rich or King ” choice : Company founders are either in it for the money ( “ Rich ” ) or in it to build a lifestyle and personal identity ( “ King ” ) .
FogCreek and 37signals are built to be “ King ; ” all venture - funded companies are built to be “ Rich . ”
Noam says that successful founders make the “ Rich or King ” decision up front , and that though it does n’t matter which path you take , you must be consistent in your actions .
You ca n’t mix “ be king ” tactics with “ get rich ” end goals .
Except I did mix “ Rich ” and “ King , ” and it worked .
See , it ’s good to be “ King , ” but what do you do when you ’re at Trudy ’s “ North Star ” Tex - Mex Restaurant tucking into a chile relleno ( with salsa verde , black beans , and the ground beef filling ) , and the guy across the table looks you in the eye and offers you enough money that you never have to work again ?
I was always in it for the money , especially in the form of acquisition .
Everyone who came to work at Smart Bear was indoctrinated with this attitude in no uncertain terms ; on more than one occasion I had put it :
“ We ’re simple country whores — we ’ll do anything for money . ”
Profit was the rule behind every choice we made .
Although the end goal was always acquisition , my attitude was ( and still is ) that the best way to get yourself acquired is to be profitable .
Profits prove the business is operating well .
Profits validate the market .
Profits make minimum valuation easy .
Profits mean the buyer converts balance - sheet money into bottom - line profit - and - loss money — a trade every large company wants to make .
Most of all , profits mean you do n’t need to sell , which gives you the ability to walk away from a deal .
You have little negotiating power in any deal unless you can happily walk away .
On the other hand , I knew I would only be happy building a genuine , great company , where the product solves a real pain , where customers are given white - glove service , where “ tech support ” is the only sales force , where we leave the world a little better than we found it , and where every employee is smart and gets things done and is trusted with any decision .
And I wanted the ego - inflating trappings of running a company .
It ’s cool at parties to say “ I run my own company . ”
I wrote a book that got so popular ( in my little corner of the world ) that people would bring it up to me to sign .
( We gave the books away for free so the joke was that by signing I doubled its value . )
When I walked onto a tradeshow floor it was like Norm on Cheers — I knew everyone and they knew me .
I got to present at cool venues like Joel and Neil ’s Business of Software Conference .
And I write this blog , shamelessly exploiting the fact that Smart Bear ( and two other companies ) were successful to convince you that I ’m worth reading .
In short , although the goal was “ Rich , ” I achieved it by behaving like the goal was “ King . ”
I do n’t know why people find this contradictory ; after all , acting like “ King ” means building a long - term , sustainable business , and that ’s exactly the kind of business that gets acquired .
Still , because “ King ” was enjoyable and Smart Bear was profitable , I still need to explain why becoming a “ sell - out ” was the right choice .
The first thing to understand is the non-linear relationship between “ cash in personal savings ” and “ financial freedom ” :
There ’s a line you cross where your savings alone will fund a reasonably lavish lifestyle .
At the risk of sounding like George Bush , this is a Freedom Line — freedom from restrictions about what you can do with your life , family , and career .
My observations :
A movement from left of the line to right of the line changes your life fundamentally , giving you the freedom to do whatever makes you happy , forever .
If you ’re crossing from left to right , it does n’t matter how far to the right you go .
( Sure , $ 100 m is a different lifestyle than $ 10 m , but it ’s not as critical to lifestyle or happiness as just crossing the line . )
# 1 is what was offered to me at Trudy ’s Tex - Mex .
# 2 means it almost did n’t matter what the offer was , so long as it was big enough .
Some people gave me a hard time about # 2 .
The typical argument was :
Your company is growing 100 % year over year .
It ’s profitable and throwing off cash .
Why not wait another year and let revenues double again , which will make the company six times more valuable ( assuming 3 x revenue valuation , a reasonable ballpark for a growing software company ) .
Here ’s the best analogy I ’ve come up with to describe why this is flawed logic .
It ’s called the Box Game :
Imagine I have two opaque boxes .
Box A contains $ 10 .
Box B has a 50 % chance of containing $ 20 , and a 50 % chance of containing nothing at all .
You pick either box and take whatever ’s inside .
Which box do you pick ?
Of course statistically there ’s no difference , so this is n’t a question of math or economics or intelligence ; it ’s a measure of your attitude towards risk .
Most people pick box B .
After all , the difference between $ 10 and $ 20 is trivial and it ’s more fun and exciting to pick B .
But what if the numbers were different ?
Now box A holds $ 5,000,000 .
Box B either holds $ 10,000,000 or nothing , 50/50 chance .
Which do you pick ?
You pick box A . Of course !
Because it moves you from the left of the line to the right .
And because a “ chance of moving even further ” is n’t worth giving up the certainy of that life - altering event .
This is my argument in favor of # 2 and against “ wait and see . ”
This is why I sold .
In my case , the correctness of my choice was made painfully clear by the economic crash in 2008 .
Had I held out for “ another year and far more money ” — box B — I would have found an empty box .
I know this for a fact — another company ( ca n’t say who , sorry ! ) was offered a deal at the same time I was .
This founder wanted to roll the dice ( box B ) and delayed the buyer .
Two quarters passed and revenue failed to grow ; the buyer nixed the deal .
Months later with the recession in sight , the founder approached the buyer again , this time willing to accept a low offer .
The buyer refused ; that ship had sailed .
There are those for whom this calculus does n’t apply because they want to be “ King ” no matter what .
I ’ll bet Jason Fried would n’t sell 37signals for $ 100,000,000 ; neither would Joel Spolsky sell FogCreek .
Are Joel and Jason being irrational ?
Of course not .
But neither was I .
As of December 2007 , I have the freedom to work on any project I want for the rest of my life while simultaneously providing for my family , never again worrying about bills , debt , having a place to sleep , or sending our daughter to any college she wants .
I can stay home with my wife and new baby girl for as long as I want , having all the precious time and experiences and memories that they say money ca n’t buy .
But , in the sense of securing that freedom , it can .
And by crossing the line , I did .
Are you disappointed ?
Am I a sell - out ?
Comments welcome .
We still need the revolution , but it seems less controversial these days .
This remains the central point of the case for dependent types .
In this talk , I consider validating containers with respect to shape , syntax with respect to type , but most especially , interaction with respect to circumstances .
But if each node makes clear what length it delivers and what length subnode it is willing to accept , ...
Google just introduced Sidewiki , which enables anyone to comment on a page using Google ’s toolbar .
I see danger .
Google is trying to take interactivity away from the source and centralize it .
This is n’t like Disqus , which enables me to add comment functionality on my blog .
It takes comments away from my blog and puts them on Google .
That sets up Google in channel conflict vs me .
It robs my site of much of its value ( if the real conversation about WWGD ? had occurred on Google instead of at Buzzmachine , how does that help me ? ) .
On a practical level , only people who use the Google Toolbar will see the comments left using it and so it bifurcates the conversation and puts some of it behind a hedge .
Ethically , this is like other services that tried to frame a source ’s content or that tried to add advertising to a site via a browser ( see the evil Gator , which lost its fight vs publishers ) .
So this goes contrary to Google ’s other services – search , advertising , embeddable content and functionality – that help advantage the edge .
This is Google trying to be the center .
Quite ungoogley , I ’d say .
And mind you , I ’m a known Google fanboy .
Hell , I wrote the book .
If Google wanted to enable the conversation or collect more information about pages to be smarter about them – thanks to our smarts – fine , but do that at the edge , guys .
This is wrong for the internet and , I ’ll predict , bad PR for Google .
MORE : I know I ’ll be asked whether I think this is evil .
As I just said in a tweet , somebody should have asked the “ is it evil ? ” question .
That ’s why it ’s there .
I sense no one did .
Evil means inconsistent with Google ’s mission and morals .
Google is about supporting the internet – adding value to it more than extracting value from it ( and from those who create the value … at the edge ) .
That would be evil .
: LATER : On Twitter , Google ’s Matt Cutts says : “ @jeffjarvis points taken , but if it gets larger group of people to write comments on web , that can be good .
Plus API allows data to come out ”
And : “ @jeffjarvis and I do see one very nice use case where people can add their comments about scammy sites , e.g. work - at - home scams . ”
Points taken as well .
It would enable sites without commenting functionality to get comments , including negative comments .
In the case of a spam site , OK , that could be useful .
But that could also include attacks that one now must monitor ( watch out , Google : every story about Israel and race and Obama and health care will attract venom that affects my site but is not under my control ) .
I do n’t think this was done maliciously at all .
I think Google did n’t think through the implications .
I ’m in favor of beta process ; that ’s what I wrote in my book .
But it ’s still incumbent on the developer of something new to try to think through these issues before the dangers are unleashed .
At least ask .
: LATER : So now in the Sidewiki , there ’s a parallel discussion going on , separate from this .
There ’s no opportunity to respond in threads .
I have no control over the content associated with my site essentially on my site .
What has been added ?
Each of those people could have and normally would have commented right here .
They get their comments on their Google profiles , but with Friend Connect that could be done from the comments here .
The side comments have their own URLs and a push to promote them on Twitter and Facebook , which means that Google gets Googlejuice instead of me .
It turned out , that both components models are surprisingly similar .
You could migrate an EJB 3.1 based application , almost without any additional effort to Spring ( search and replace for annotations ) .
It is even possible to run an EJB 3.1 applications without ANY modification just tweaking Spring a bit .
Although both technologies are almost identical from the programming model perspective - the philosophy is totally different .
Spring " is not just a glue - framework " ( Juergen clarified that ) , rather than complete solution - the full stack .
Spring was architected as a layer above the actual application server .
The idea : you can upgrade your APIs updating Spring and not touching the application server .
This is especially important if you have to use the " heavyweights " application servers ( =they come with at least with one DVD to install and the installation takes several hours :-) ) without having any control about the version .
The Dependency Injection is only a small part of the framework .
Spring offers you from DI , over Spring MVC with REST support ( similar to JAX - RS ) and even monitoring .
It actually replaces the most parts of the application servers with own services .
What was also interesting - Spring is exactly NOT Convention Over Configuration .
The idea is to configure everything is needed explicitly , without relying on conventions .
But you do n't have to configure everything over and over again - you can use " Stereotypes " for that purpose .
Stereotypes are " Meta - Annotations " .
So you can introduce your own annotations , using " annotation inheritance " .
Then you only will have to use your own shortcuts ( e.g. @ Service , @ ServiceFacade etc. ) .
The philosophy of EJB 3.1 is exactly the opposite .
It is not a complete solution , rather than " only " a component model for transactional , serverside applications .
It comes with a set of suitable conventions , so you do n't have to configure anything an rely on the existing conventions .
Neither annotations ( except @ Stateless ) , nor XML - configuration is needed .
The EJB infrastructure has to be available at the application server - so you only have to deploy your application - without the EJB - " framework " ( Glassfish EJB 3 container is about 700 kB ) bits .
The DI are not as sophisticated as Spring 's , JSR - 299 or JSR - 330 , but actually absolutely sufficient for most projects ( at least my projects :-) ) .
EJB 3.1 components are aimed to run directly on the server , without any indirections .
This also means : you can only use EJB 3.1 in case your application server has support for it .
But : I also saw some projects using openEJB container to run EJB 3.1 on tomcat :-) .
Whats also true : SAP , IBM Websphere , BEA Weblogic , Oracle OC4J , JBoss 4 and 5 , openEJB / Geronimo and Glassfish v2 ( + several others ) comes already with EJB 3 support .
In that case your components become vendor neutral .
You can move them around , without changing any EJB 3.X setting ( JPA is harder to port across different providers ) .
You will , however , have to test them on different servers .
Spring will support parts of the Java EE 6 specification - except the @Stateless annotations :-) .
We ( Juergen Hoeller , eJug audience and me ) discussed a bit longer this issue .
We have different opinions on this :
If I were SpringSource , I would support @ Stateless and few EJB 3.1 annotation to make the transition more easy .
Juergen said it would be hard to support @ Stateless in completely compliant way - and he would expect some criticism then .
But : the differences could be documented - so there should be no problems as well at this point .
In the practice , however , the support issue may be important as well .
It is more and more important to provide the support for the full stack from one company .
I guess in future you will see SpringSource only ( e.g. dm server ) , and Java EE 6 only solutions .
These decisions will be not driven by technical , rather than political / strategic reasons .
Imagine Spring will run on a commercial application server in production and something goes wrong .
Such support issues could be really " exciting " .
Some of my involvements in the resolution of " multi- vendor J2EE - only " support cases were already funny enough in the past :-) .
I hope this is a unbiased description of this event - otherwise please feel free to drop me an email or comment .
The eJug meeting was well organized at a nice venue - the upcoming sessions are interesting as well .
My ( English ) slides are based on some contents from my " Real World Java EE Patterns " book - the slides should be available for download from eJug .
See the German ( eJug ) summary as well .
Thanks Juergen Hoeller for the invitation !
Btw .
I will cover some " extreme " EJB 3.1 / REST with Convention Over Configuration approaches in the upcoming Java Magazin ( German only :-) ) .
The Minnesota Department of Public Health stated in an Apr. 8 , 2019 news release titled “ Medical Cannabis Reduces Severity of Symptoms for Some Patients with Cancer , According to New Study , ” available at content.govdelivery.com :
“ A new study of more than 1,000 patients supports early evidence that medical cannabis may help reduce the severity of nausea , pain , insomnia and other side effects associated with cancer and its treatment .
The researchers from the Minnesota Department of Health ( MDH ) and the Oncology Research Center at HealthPartners / Park Nicollet found that patients with cancer who enrolled in Minnesota ’s medical cannabis program reported significant improvement in symptoms , including reduced anxiety , lack of appetite , depression , disturbed sleep , fatigue , nausea , pain and vomiting , within four months of starting the medication …
Nearly half of patients who experienced vomiting at the time of their cannabis certification reported the severity of vomiting reduced by more than 30 percent over the four months after their first cannabis purchase . ”
Apr. 8 , 2019 - Minnesota Department of Public Health
Farscape
Astronaut John Crichton is flung across the universe via wormhole , and finds himself smack dab in the middle of a vast interstellar conflict between several alien races .
Adopted by a misfit crew aboard a sentient spaceship , Crichton finds himself sucked into the war even as he tries to find a way home .
Cool aliens ( created by Jim Henson ) , intriguing character development , and sexy humor made this show a fan favorite for the ages .
V
Beautiful alien visitors arrive , promising to help humanity and provide peace and prosperity ... but it turns out they 're actually evil lizard people , bent on enslaving us .
This always - great premise is an excuse for lots of fun paranoia , but also crazy action sequences , like a lone woman standing her ground and shooting at a spaceship with her handgun .
This show made alien - fighting fun again .
Advertisement
Fringe
Created by Nerd Pack JJ Abrams , Roberto Orci , and Alex Kurtzman , Fringe follows the increasingly weird and transdimensional adventures of a team that investigates " fringe science " events .
As the mad scientist , special investigator , and mercenary researcher get closer to understanding the science conspiracy at the heart of the tale , they discover that their own lives are bound up in it .
Scary , silly , and head - explodingly gross , Fringe became an instant classic when it debuted last year .
Advertisement
Stargate SG -1
Stargate SG - 1 took the successful film and managed to turn it into an insane ten seasons of adventure , by showing what happened when the military continued to use the space travel Gate technology .
Richard Dean Anderson heads up a strong cast , jumping between worlds and defending Earth from alien attacks from the Goa'uld or Borg -esue Replicators .
This show established Stargate as the light hearted space soap opera for anyone just looking for a laugh and a bit of suspense .
Come for the cheap Gate effects , stay for RDA .
Advertisement
Dollhouse
It 's hard to think of a TV show that 's created as much controversy in recent years as this one — people see its mind - wiped slaves - for - hire premise as a metaphor for rape , prostitution or just plain slavery .
But creator Joss Whedon has been going out of his way to push people 's buttons — and now it turns out that the supposedly fun fantasy - fulfillment of being able to hire a programmed human really does destroy the human race in the end .
Advertisement
The Tick ( animated )
The Tick broke down superhero conventions and rebuilt them in its own warped image .
From the oddball costumed heroes ( Wonder Woman and Batman somehow become American Maid and Der Fledermaus ) to the villainous plots ( Chairface Chippendale gets three letters into writing his name on the moon — a fact that continues throughout the series ) to the Tick 's superhero banter ( " Spoooooooon ! " ) ,
The Tick is a witty and often surprising parody .
Advertisement
Futurama
Pizza boy Philip J. Fry is cryogenically frozen in 1999 and wakes up a thousand years later to a world of alcoholic robots , predestination paradoxes , and celebrity heads kept alive in jars .
It takes repeated watchings to fully appreciate the hilariously jam - packed send - ups of pop culture in general and science fiction in particular , but you 'll need a pause button and a firm understanding of mathematics to get all the jokes lurking in the background .
Advertisement
Star Trek : Deep Space Nine
Where most Star Trek series focused on the thrill of exploration , Deep Space Nine treated the Star Trek universe as a real place , fleshing out the politics of the previous series and focusing on the special challenges of a frontier outpost .
With the newly liberated planet of Bajor on side of the nearby wormhole and a looming fascist empire on the other , DS9 examined the ethics of terrorism , exposed the seedy underbelly of the Federation , and reminded us that war is hell , even in the 24th Century .
Advertisement
The Twilight Zone
One of the most iconic television shows of the twentieth century , Twilight Zone started in the late 1950s and launched the careers of dozens of actors ( including William Shatner ) and writers .
An anthology series , each weird episode was introduced by Rod Serling , who usually explained its moral too .
Tales of aliens , monsters , and the unknown were interwoven with noir - ish stories of people in bizarrely bleak situations .
A mix of scifi an existentialism , it defined an entire generation of smart , dark SF .
Advertisement
Blake's 7
Imagine a show that takes place entirely in Star Trek 's mirror universe , and you 've sort of got Blake 's 7 .
The Federation is evil and oppressive , and only a gang of criminals led by a political dissident stand for freedom .
At its absolute best , this show was an unflinching examination of a totalitarian society in denial .
( The war - crimes trial episode is absolutely priceless ) as well as an exploration into how far our freedom - fighters can go and still remain " the good guys . "
And it has possibly the best ending in science - fiction history .
Nokia has created an official port for the Qt graphical toolkit to Maemo 5 , hoping to entice more developers into making apps for its upcoming N900 tablet - that - is - actually - a - smartphone .
N900 will run on the Maemo 5 OS , which uses the GTK + framework for app development .
But Nokia plans the Maemo's next incarnation to use Qt , due to the appeal of apps that compile easier across Windows , Linux , Mac OS , and Windows Mobile .
Nokia said it 's also working on a Symbian port for Qt as well .
" With this announcement and our upcoming port of Qt to the Symbian platform , we will quickly see Qt established as a leading framework for mobile application development .
Developers will be able to use
Qt as a framework to create powerful native applications and with Qt's Webkit integration , it also provides them with a platform for creating web applications and services , " said Sebastian Nyström , Nokia 's veep of application services and frameworks , in a statement .
According to Nokia , the Maemo development community has already been toiling away on an unofficial port of Qt to Maemo 5 – and the company is scooping up that existing code to use on its official version .
It explains a Nokia - based port is necessary to ensure that apps developed for Qt will be compatible with future versions of the graphical toolkit , as well as for later releases of Maemo , Symbian , and other platforms Qt supports .
" Qt 's support for Maemo 5 , Maemo 6 , Symbian , and Windows Mobile makes
Qt the most sensible choice for developers looking to target multiple devices and achieve the broadest reach with their innovations , " Nyström said .
The Qt port to Maemo 5 is based on Qt 's upcoming version 4.6 .
It 's expected to land in Q1 2010 , but is available now as a " technology preview " here . ®
Michelle Marsh , Lucy Pinder and other British Babes on a Yacht
Michelle Marsh , Lucy Pinder and other British Babes having a wild topless party on some expensive yacht …
Extremely hot busty company …
Maybe there is no better choice when you are going to choose a crew for your yacht ..
Enter Penthouse Here for More Beautiful Babes and Exotic Beauties !
No average girls allowed !
Watch the latest penthouse pet and her movies !
Hot As Hell !
Watch the latest penthouse pets and their movies !
Hot As Hell !
Enjoy and download the hottest babes on the planet .. NOW !
_
RAJOURI ( J&K ) : A day after militants carried out a revenge attack on her house , Rukhsana Kausar , who became a household name after she slayed a LeT ultra recently , today said youths should be imparted training in fighting terror .
( Watch Video )
" These militants are very powerful ...
I feel young boys and girls should be imparted proper training so that they can drive militants away , " she said .
" The training will enable the youth to handle firearms if need arises , " Rukhsana said .
" Yesterday , they ( militants ) tried to attack my house .
They want to burn my house , " the 21 - year - old girl said voicing concern about the safety of her family .
Trying to exact revenge , militants last night hurled two grenades at Rukhsana 's house in Rajouri , but none was hurt .
Militants also fired at her house at Bhatti , a remote hamlet in Shadra - Sharief belt , at around 1045 hours .
Neither Rukhsana nor any member of her family was present at the house at the time of twin strikes .
The vengeance attack came over a month after she along with her brother Aijaz , aged 18 , overpowered the LeT militants who had barged into their house , snatched an AK 47 from one of them and fired at him killing him instantly .
The remarkable courage of Rukhsana , who had never picked up a gun before the September 27 incident , came in for praise from President Pratibha Patil and Home Minister P Chidambaram during their visits to Jammu and Kashmir .
Amid the surreal and boastful bonuses the Wall Street tycoons have been paying themselves after being rescued by the American taxpayer from their own reckless follies , there is an eerie silence from the Obama administration .
That this “ they can eat cake ” mentality flourishes among the financial elites while the economic catastrophe they engineered through their unmitigated and reckless greed sends the U.S. unemployment rate into double digits is an immoral affront to basic human decency .
Yet , except for an occasional sermon on corporate excess in a time of profound economic crisis , President Barack Obama has thus far failed to exercise decisive leadership and put a line in the sand on this defining question .
To paraphrase a former Republican presidential candidate , where is the outrage ?
In 1962 President John F. Kennedy was also confronted with corporate greed and excess .
However , in sharp contrast with Obama , he demonstrated both moral outrage and decisive leadership .
Does anyone remember when JFK took on the excess greed of the U.S. steel industry ?
It is instructive to look back nearly half a century ago .
In the second year of his administration , President Kennedy faced two wars , just as Obama reminds us constantly he is currently confronted with .
True , only one was hot , in Southeast Asia , while the other conflict was referred to as the Cold War .
Yet the Cold War posed a serious threat to the United States of nuclear extinction , a danger that came perilously close to reality later that year during the Cuban missile crisis .
Prior to that , the danger of a military confrontation with the Soviet Union over Berlin was very real .
All these factors required compulsory military service for hundreds of thousands of Americans , and vast expenditures on national defence .
This was all occurring at a time of economic crisis , requiring the Kennedy administration to confront both recessionary and inflationary pressures .
To prevent prices from spiralling out of control , the President sought the cooperation of both labor and management in key areas of the U.S. economy in order to keep the lid on prices .
This was important both in terms of preserving the American standard of living at home , while promoting U.S. exports abroad .
A major test case for the Kennedy administration was the U.S. steel industry , where large price increases , should they occur , would have a highly negative ripple effect throughout the U.S. economy .
President Kennedy personally intervened in the question over price hikes for steel .
His first step was to obtain concessions from the steel unions .
He was successful in winning agreement for a new union contract that would have no effect on steel prices , taking into account both wages and productivity .
Kennedy expected management to now do its part .
Instead , first U.S. Steel , the nation ’s largest steel producer , followed by its competitors , announced a substantial rise in steel prices .
This action , if left unchallenged , would clearly have unleashed a damaging bout of inflationary pressures throughout the economy .
JFK was outraged .
He decided to take action , and bring his voice on the importance of the issue directly to the American people .
He conducted a news conference , and in his opening statement he did not mince words .
Kennedy said :
“ Simultaneous and identical actions of United States Steel and other leading steel corporations increasing steel prices by some $ 6 a ton constitute a wholly unjustifiable and irresponsible defiance of the public interest .
In this serious hour in our nation ’s history when we are confronted with grave crises in Berlin and Southeast Asia , when we are devoting our energies to economic recovery and stability , when we are asking reservists to leave their homes and their families for months on end and servicemen to risk their lives–and four were killed in the last two days in Vietnam– and asking union members to hold down their wage requests at a time when restraint and sacrifice are being asked of every citizen , the American people will find it hard , as I do , to accept a situation in which a tiny handful of steel executives whose pursuit of private power and profit exceeds their sense of public responsibility can show such utter contempt for the interests of 185 million Americans .
If this rise in the cost of steel is imitated by the rest of the industry , instead of rescinded , it would increase the cost of homes , autos , appliances , and most other items for every American family .
It would increase the cost of machinery and tools to every American businessman and farmer .
It would seriously handicap our efforts to prevent an inflationary spiral from eating up the pensions of our older citizens , and our new gains in purchasing power …
The Steelworkers Union can be proud that it abided by its responsibilities in this agreement , and this Government also has responsibilities which we intend to meet .
The Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission are examining the significance of this action in a free , competitive economy .
The Department of Defence and other agencies are reviewing its impact on their policies of procurement .
And I am informed that steps are underway by those members of the Congress who plan appropriate inquiries into how these price decisions are so quickly made and reached and what legislative safeguards may be needed to protect the public interest .
Price and wage decisions in this country , except for a very limited restriction in the case of monopolies and national emergency strikes , are and ought to be freely and privately made .
But the American people have a right to expect , in return for that freedom , a higher sense of business responsibility for the welfare of their country than has been shown in the last 2 days .
Some time ago I asked each American to consider what he would do for his country and I asked the steel companies .
In the last 24 hours we had their answer . ”
The leadership Kennedy demonstrated back in 1962 shamed the senior executives of the steel industry , leading them to rescind their unwarranted price increase .
Afterwards , JFK is said to have remarked , “ my father told me businessmen were SOBs .
I did n’t believe him , until now . ”
In the past six months , President Obama has revealed his towering intellect , basic decency and sophisticated world view .
However , we have yet to observe the toughness and passion required to take on the forces that drove the U.S. and global economy into a ditch .
Except for periodic and overly - mild rebukes , we have witnessed excessive conciliation that is underserved .
I hope I will be proven wrong , but despite initial hopes by many that President Obama would become the “ Black Kennedy , ” more and more I am reminded of what the late Senator Lloyd Bentsen once told Senator Quayle during the Vice Presidential debate back in 1988 : “ You ’re no John Kennedy . ”
UNEMPLOYMENT : NOW , THAT'S SUSTAINABLE !
by Darren Weeks
October 18 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
Every time the media reports the unemployment numbers , it reminds me of George Orwell ’s book , 1984 .
In the legendary book , a governmental organization referred to as the “ Ministry of Truth ” would report through the telescreens that the price of chocolate was going down .
Winston Smith , the lead character of the book , knew good and well that the price of chocolate was not going down but was actually going up .
We are certainly living in Orwell ’s world !
The difference between ours and the fictional world of Orwell , is that we are not being propagandized about chocolate , but rather unemployment statistics .
The controlled news media always attempts to “ butter up ” the bad numbers , by putting a positive spin on the fact that we are losing our jobs , month after month .
The truth of the matter is that America is in deep , deep trouble and all the gutless globalist lapdogs in the media can do is lie to the people , trying to convince them that we are not in a depression — it ’s only a “ recession ” — and it will soon be over .
The deception is intended to get the American people , true to the failed Keynesian economic model , to spend money they do n’t have , in a hopeless attempt to apply the defibrillation paddles to the dying patient which is the American economy .
They will never tell you the patient is dying .
They will never tell you why the patient is dying .
Furthermore , I have to laugh when I read statements like those of Don Miller from Money Morning when he said in a recent column about the horrendous September unemployment numbers , “ The latest data suggest the odds are increasing that the economy may be suffering through its second ‘ jobless recovery ’ in eight years . ” [ 1 ]
I have news for Don and all of people in the media and elsewhere who still have their heads in the sand about what is really going on in America .
Listen up !
Hear me !
There is n’t going to be a recovery !
You cannot have a recovery without jobs !
And you are never going to see our jobs return without a reversal of the policies of globalization which put America into this economic mess .
It is n’t difficult to see the devastation that the policies which gave us the “ global economy ” have wrought upon America and her people .
American companies cut 371,000 jobs in July . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Not surprisingly , August was n’t much better .
Mike Larsen at Money and Markets puts it this way , “ In the week ending August 29 : 570,000 Americans filed for first - time jobless benefits .
The number of Americans who had previously filed and still remain on the jobless rolls was 6.234 million .
“ While those numbers are down somewhat from their March highs , they ’re far , far above what would be considered normal .
The average reading for initial claims over the past 42 years is just under 360,000 .
“ Then there ’s this week ’s report from ADP Employer Services .
It showed the economy shedding another 298,000 jobs in August .
While that was down from 360,000 a month earlier , it also marked the 19th straight month we ’ve lost jobs as a nation .
The cumulative tally : Almost 6.9 million jobs down the drain ! ”
September ’s numbers are not much better .
Reuters news service recently reported that U.S. employers cut another 260,000 jobs last month . [ 4 ]
Hence , building on Larsen ’s numbers , we ’ve now gone 20 straight months with a hemorrhaging U.S. job market and there ’s no end in sight .
These are astronomical numbers !
Add this figure to the already overwhelming number of job losses that we ’ve seen since the signing of the NAFTA agreement in 1993 , and it does n’t take a rocket scientist ( or an economist , for that matter ) to see the effects of globalization upon our country .
Yet , do we see any sign of reversal of those same policies ?
Quite the contrary .
In fact , anyone arguing for a common sense rescission of WTO agreements , a return of our military to our own soil , and an end to the flood of migrant workers coming to this country , is referred to with such disdainful pejoratives as “ isolationist , ” “ protectionist , ” and even “ xenophobic . ”
A perfect example of the mindset of out - of - touch elitism that has permeated globalist circles can be seen in the Foreign Affairs article titled , The Outsourcing Bogeyman by Daniel Drezner , assistant political science professor at the University of Chicago .
Drezner pontificated in his May 2004 article , “ Should Americans be concerned about the economic effects of outsourcing ?
Not particularly . …
The creation of new jobs overseas will eventually lead to more jobs and higher incomes in the United States .
Because the economy — and especially job growth — is sluggish at the moment , commentators are attempting to draw a connection between offshore outsourcing and high unemployment .
But believing that offshore outsourcing causes unemployment is the economic equivalent of believing the sun revolves around the earth : intuitively compelling but clearly wrong . ” [ 5 ]
What elitist arrogance !
And what an insult to the intelligence of the average , every day American workers — who , by the hundreds of thousands , have watched their factories close and their jobs disappear to foreign countries in the post - NAFTA economy !
I would like to say to Mr. Drezner that denial is not a river in Egypt .
Why do n’t you spend some of your millions and take a trip to Motown and tell your philosophy to the unemployed auto workers there ?
Why do n’t you come down from your ivory tower to Main Street America where the armed guards are posted at the grocery stores and where tent cities permeate the landscape ?
Mr. Drezner concludes , “ Until robust job growth returns , the debate over outsourcing will not go away — the political temptation to scapegoat foreigners is simply too great .
“ The refrain of ‘ this time , it ’s different ’ is not new in the debate over free trade .
In the 1980 ’s , the Japanese variety of capitalism — with its omniscient industrial policy and high nontariff barriers — was supposed to supplant the U.S. system .
Fifteen years later , that prediction sounds absurd .
During the 1990 ’s , the passage of NAFTA and the Uruguay Round of trade talks were supposed to create a ‘ giant sucking sound ’ as jobs left the United States .
Contrary to such fears , tens of millions of new jobs were created .
Once the economy improves , the political hysteria over outsourcing will also disappear . ” [ 6 ]
Tens of millions of new jobs were created since NAFTA ?
Where are they , Mr. Drezner ?
Perhaps in government think tanks and academic egg heads who ’ve never gotten their carefully - manicured hands dirty because they ’ve never done a real day ’s work in their entire lives ?
Let ’s talk for a moment about that “ giant sucking sound ” that Ross Perot predicted and that globalist / elitist Drezner likes to discount .
Several months ago , your writer personally pulled the official NAFTA trade deficit numbers directly off the U.S. Census Bureau web site .
These are the official numbers , according to the governments own statisticians .
In the years preceding the signing of the NAFTA agreement , the U.S. trade deficit hovered around even with Mexico give or take a billion or two .
In 1991 , the U.S. enjoyed a $ 2.1 billion trade surplus , meaning we exported more dollars worth of goods to Mexico than we imported .
In 1992 , that number was over $ 5.3 billion .
In 1993 , the year NAFTA was signed , American workers enjoyed a $ 1.6 billion trade surplus .
The following year , the effects of NAFTA had n’t yet hit the American economy .
The U.S. still experienced a $ 1.3 billion surplus .
However , that was the last year for any surplus .
By 1995 , just two years after the passage of NAFTA , the U.S. economy began feeling the effects in a major way .
We went from having a $ 1.3 billion trade surplus in 1994 , to having a $ 15.8 billion trade deficit the following year , and the figure has climbed almost without exception every year .
By 2007 , the U.S. trade deficit with Mexico was a staggering $ 74.6 billion .
It ’s important to note that NAFTA is only one trade agreement .
There are several such agreements that our government has made with impoverished countries , including the Central American Free Trade Agreement , passed by the U.S. Senate on June 30 , 2005 and signed by George W. Bush on August 2nd of the same year .
Advertisement
As I pointed out in my May 9 , 2005 blog entry , CAFTA : Opening foreign markets ?
What markets ? , nearly every one of the countries covered by the CAFTA - DR agreement are highly impoverished , according to the CIA World Fact Book .
Here ’s the brief rundown : • Guatemala —
Over 75 % of the population lives below the poverty line
• Honduras — “ one of the poorest countries in the Western Hemisphere ”
• El Salvador — “ GDP per capita is roughly half that of Brazil , Argentina , and Chile ...
With the adoption of the US dollar as its currency , El Salvador has lost control over monetary policy and must concentrate on maintaining a disciplined fiscal policy . ”
• Nicaragua — “ Nicaragua , one of the hemisphere ’s poorest countries , faces low per capita income , massive unemployment , and huge external debt ...
Nicaragua qualified in early 2004 for some $ 4 billion in foreign debt reduction under the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries ( HIPC ) initiative . ”
Half the population lives beneath the poverty line .
• Costa Rica —
Fairs better than the rest , the wealthiest of these countries .
The only Central American country where citizens are not leaving in search of opportunities .
• Dominican Republic — 1 out of every 4 live in poverty .
As I asked back in 2005 , I again press for an answer : Given the dire condition of these nations ’ economies , how could “ President ” George W. Bush make the case that having a free trade agreement with these impoverished Central American countries be in the best interest of American citizens and workers ?
How could American exporters — what ’s left of them — expect to gain from a market where the people are too impoverished to buy ?
The truth of the matter is that have n’t , and they wo n’t .
Mr. Drezner ’s chief problem , along with other Establishment elitists like him , is that he has selective statistics .
Those he would call “ protectionists ” also have statistics .
The real difference is that while the statistics produced by Drezner ’s ilk is produced in the academic meat grinder to be vomited out in globalist publications , ours is backed by indisputable reality — knowing that the average American does n’t need academic , media , or government statisticians telling them how good they have it .
The numbers the American people look at are their bank accounts , their credit scores , their mortgage payments , their heating and grocery bills , and the price of gas .
Increasingly , despite Mr. Drezner ’s high rhetoric , Americans have been looking at the digits on their unemployment checks .
The only logical conclusion is that international trade agreements are not designed to benefit the United States , its people , its workers , or its future .
They are designed to benefit the poorest countries , at the expense of the American people , leveling the “ playing field ” , lowering the American standard of living down to the “ sustainable ” level of third - world status .
In other words , unemployment in America , the loss of our jobs , the shrinking of the American way of life , the eradication of our freedom to travel , the elimination of the middle class is socially and environmentally “ sustainable . ”
The wealth of the American people is to be redistributed to the poorest nations , in accordance with chapter 3 of Agenda 21 .
Our consumption patterns have to be changed in accordance with chapter 4 of Agenda 21 .
We ’ve been sold out by globalist scum , and nothing is ever going to change unless the people understand that this is a part of a deliberate agenda .
It is n’t incompetence on the part of our “ elected ” officials .
It is n’t a recession .
It is n’t a bad economic downturn .
It ’s the effects of globalism .
Period !
We are reaping the natural results of policies that are designed to bankrupt our country .
I hear people say , all of the time , regarding the economy , “ it will come back . ”
Sorry to burst your bubble , but no it wo n’t !
It will never come back until the WTO trade agreements which put us into this mess are rescinded .
That wo n’t happen until the appropriate pressure is applied to Washington by the people and by our state lawmakers who must be pressured to go to Washington and demand the changes .
And if you people who call yourselves “ Democrats , ” think your buddy Obama is any better than Bush was , then I ask why has n’t he rescinded these treaties which have obviously been so detrimental to our country ?
Why have n’t the unions — which have seen their memberships and dues decline — demanded a revoking of the international trade agreements that have brought America to its knees ?
Keep in mind , it was the unions which helped put Clinton in office , who then stabbed the American worker in the back by promoting NAFTA after promising to oppose it .
It was Bill Clinton who established the President ’s Council on Sustainable Development to kick start Agenda 21 implementation in the United States after the 1992 Rio Earth Summit .
Agenda 21 implementation mandates the redistribution of wealth from developed to developing countries .
It is the reason why your jobs have left .
It is Bill ’s wife , Hillary Clinton , who currently serves as head of the U.S. State Department , which is the chief agency of the United States government that implements the UN agenda of “ sustainability ” in America .
When will the American people ever realize that there is no difference between parties ?
We are not red states , blue states , conservatives , liberals , Republicans , or Democrats .
We are Americans .
It is about time we dispelled with the labels that the social engineers have developed to divide us — and that we ’ve so freely embraced for ourselves — and began to act like true countrymen .
An ancient Roman philosopher named Cicero once said , “ A nation can survive its fools , and even the ambitious .
But it can not survive treason from within .
An enemy at the gates is less formidable , for he is known and he carries his banners openly against the city .
But the traitor moves among those within the gates freely , his sly whispers rustling through all the alleys , heard in the very halls of government itself .
For the traitor appears no traitor ; he speaks in the accents familiar to his victims , and he wears their face and their garments , and he appeals to the baseness that lies deep in the hearts of all men .
He rots the soul of a nation ; he works secretly and unknown in the night to undermine the pillars of a city ; he infects the body politic so that it can no longer resist .
A murderer is less to be feared . ”
As I write these words , Ireland has just voted for a second time on the Lisbon Treaty , the Constitution of the European Union .
Unlike the first time where they voted it down last year , they just approved it by a margin of 67 to 33 percent .
Their government ’s fear campaign of economic doom and gloom was the chief reason for the voters who favored it at the polls , according to exit polls .
In other words , they were willing to hand the sovereignty of their country over to a regional governing body on the promise of economic prosperity .
They bought the same globalist lie for which America fell when we accepted GATT , NAFTA , CAFTA and many other foreign trade entanglements .
If Poland and the Czech Republic follow Ireland — and they are expected to do so — we can look forward to a new European presidency and Secretary of State to be formed .
Ireland will eventually cease to exist , as the sovereignty of all of the 27 member countries of the EU will be gradually chipped away , until there is nothing left .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
As Americans tail gate , drink beer , and watch their football games , they do n’t have time to worry about the fate of the Irish , the Poles , or the Czechs .
But they would be do well to learn the lessons of Europe .
As the globalist thieves have taken Ireland , so too they come for the west .
Footnotes : 1 - Unemployment Figures Increase Odds of Jobless Recovery , Money Morning , October 5 , 2009
2 - U.S. jobs , services data raise recovery worries , Reuters , August 5 , 2009
3 - US companies axe 371,000 jobs in July , Times Online , August 5 , 2009
4 - U.S. Sept non-farm payrolls plunge 263,000 , Reuters , October 2 , 2009
5 - The Outsourcing Bogeyman , Foreign Affairs , May / June 2004
6 - Ibid ï¿ ½ 2009 - Darren Weeks - All Rights Reserved E-mail This Page Sign Up For Free E-Mail Alerts
E -Mails are used strictly for NWVs alerts , not for sale
Darren
Weeks is a husband , a father , and a lover of America .
A graduate of the Specs Howard School of Broadcast Arts in Southfield , Michigan , he has worked professionally with television news operations for over 16 years .
It was at his job , when flipping through satellite channels that he discovered patriot broadcasting , and his subsequent awakening ensued .
Weeks hosts Govern America every Saturday morning from 8 AM to 11 AM Eastern Time on the Republic Broadcasting Network .
E- Mail : darren@darrenweeks.net
Web site : www.governamerica.com
Home
The truth of the matter is that America is in deep , deep trouble and all the gutless globalist lapdogs in the media can do is lie to the people , trying to convince them that we are not in a depression — it ’s only a “ recession ” — and it will soon be over .
Today is the day .
It ’s time to make the most out of your life : and that means , it ’s time to learn how to get motivated .
There are no second chances .
So if you ’ve been feeling lazy , down , procrastinating – whatever .
Enough – it ’s time to break out of your motivational funk .
How To Get Motivated Today : 7 Tips
# 7 Find Your Mantra
A mantra does n’t have to be long – it just needs to get you excited .
When you ’re tired , lazy , slacking – it ’s those few words that remind you what matters to you and get you to take action .
Like this –
“ You miss 100 % of the shots you do n’t take . ”
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step .
I am the master of my own destiny
“ I can accept failure but I ca n’t accept not trying . ” – Michael Jordan
My mantra when I find myself spinning my wheels ?
Value your time .
Everyone has their own life to live , and I ca n’t tell your what your mantra is – but I bet you probably already have something in mind .
# 6 – Remember Your Peak Moments
I used to call this being in the zone , but I much prefer the terminology from Find Your Great Work : peak moments .
These are moments of triumph and they remind me who I am , what I am about – and why I am chasing my unique goals .
“ A peak moment is a time when you felt you were at the top of your game [ … ]
Your Peak Moment connects you with that time when you felt most fulfilled , most stretched , most present [ … ] a moment of insight where you say : yes this is something to remember , this is a moment of me at my most essential , me at my most authentic and best . ”
If you ’re not at your best right now – try to remind yourself of the times you were , and use that to fuel you .
# 5 Get Active .
There is SO MUCH research out there about the benefits of exercise – including boosting your mood .
When you do n’t exercise , not only will your fitness suffer : but your other goals suffer as well .
For me personally , my work sessions after running , high - energy workout music and a refreshing shower are some of the best work I ’ll do all day .
You do n’t need to understand all the science : what you need to know is if you ’re in a funk , and really hitting a wall with your work – you may be better off stepping away for a moment .
Take a break and running , walk or stretch for half an hour – you ’ll come back refreshed and ready to work .
It ’s one of the easiest ways I ’ve learned for how to get motivated – and help my health at the same time .
# 4 – Motivate Yourself Daily .
Motivation builds upon itself .
What do you think is easier :
Motivating yourself after an unproductive day , week or month Motivating yourself after a string of successes , each better than the last ?
Of course it ’s easier to be motivated when things are already going your way .
So why not start each day with some momentum ?
Set your homepage to this motivational start page .
You ’ll be reminded daily about how to to get motivated and keep moving forward towards your goals .
No Motivation = Fail Lack of motivation : # 5 of the 7 Reasons People Fail .
# 3 Remember This Moment Is Precious
Dont know how to get motivated , even when you know needs to be done ?
Remind yourself that if you waste this opportunity , this one chance , you ’ll never get another .
Your minutes , hours and days come around one time – and it ’s up to you to live the life you want , right now .
You were not born to fail .
Each moment of your life is important – remind yourself of that , and feel the motivation build inside you
# 2 Do n’t Let The Slump Start
It ’s the little things that lead to a motivational slump .
It ’s skipping one workout to hang out with friends , then two .
By the next week , in the back of my mind you are already rationalizing why today is a bad day for the gym – there is so much momentum working against me that it ’s hard to get started again .
Do n’t fall into that trap .
When you see yourself falling into the same old routines … .
Take action right away , no matter how small the victory , and use that momentum for further tasks .
# 1 Get Off The “ Failure Treadmill ”
No Motivation = Fail Lack of motivation : # 5 of the 7 Reasons People Fail .
But you know what ’s more ?
Once people have started to fail , it gets harder to get motivated – often until they hit rock bottom and have nowhere to go but up .
So if you find yourself in a toxic cycle of failure – you ’ve got to break out of it .
You need to start getting some small wins – so you can feel the benefits of taking action in your life .
The physicist Leo Szilard once announced to his friend Hans Bethe that he was thinking of keeping a diary : ' I do n't intend to publish .
I am merely going to record the facts for the information of God . '
'' Do n't you think God knows the facts ? "
Bethe asked .
' Yes , ' said Szilard .
' He knows the facts , but He does not know this version of the facts . ' —
Hans Christian von Baeyer , Taming the Atom
No matter how hard you try you will never be able to grasp just how tiny , how spatially unassuming , is a proton .
Quotations
As “ balloon boy ” played out , the White House opened fire on one purveyor of fictional news , Fox News , where “ tea party ” protests are inflated into a national rebellion rivaling the Civil War and where Glenn Beck routinely claims Obama is perpetrating a conspiracy to bring fascism to America .
But the White House ’s argument is diluted by the different , if less malevolently partisan , fictions that turn up on Fox ’s competitors .
On CNN , for instance , Lou Dobbs provided a platform for the nuts questioning Obama ’s citizenship .
When an ABC News correspondent insisted that Fox was “ one of our sister organizations ” in an exchange with the president ’s press secretary , Robert Gibbs , last week , he was n’t joking .
Richard
Heene is the inevitable product of this reigning culture , where “ news , ” “ reality ” television and reality itself are hopelessly scrambled and the warp - speed imperatives of cable - Internet competition allow no time for fact checking .
Norman Lear , about the only prominent American to express any empathy for little Falcon ’s father , vented on The Huffington Post , calling out CNN , MSNBC , Fox , NBC , ABC and CBS alike for their role in “ creating a climate that mistakes entertainment for news . ”
This climate , he argued , “ all but seduces a Richard and Mayumi Heene into believing they are  even if what they dream up to qualify is a hoax  entitled to their 15 minutes . ”
None of this absolves
Heene of blame for the damage he may have inflicted on the children he grotesquely used as a supporting cast in his schemes .
But stupid he ’s not .
He knew how easy it would be to float “ balloon boy ” when the demarcation between truth and fiction has been obliterated .
Image Credit ...
Barry Blitt
There ’s also some poignancy in his determination to grab what he and many others see as among the last accessible scraps of the American dream .
As a freelance construction worker and handyman , he could n’t find much employment in an economy where construction is frozen and homeowners are more worried about losing their homes than fixing them .
Once his appetite had been whetted by two histrionic appearances on “ Wife Swap , ” an ABC reality program , it ’s easy to see why Heene would turn his life and that of his family into a nonstop audition for more turns in the big tent of the reality media circus .
That circus is among the country ’s last dependable job engines .
More than a quarter of prime - time broadcast television is devoted to reality programs .
And so , with only a high - school education , Heene tried to reinvent himself as a cable - ready tornado - chasing scientist .
Robert Thomas , a Web entrepreneur who collaborated with Heene on a pitch to ABC for a science - based reality show , saw the “ balloon boy ” stunt as a sad response to his economic plight .
“ I think in this case the desperation was too much for Richard to bear , ” Thomas said in an interview with Gawker.com .
( It ’s no less desperate a sign of the times that Thomas insisted on being paid for his interview . )
Heene is a direct descendant of those Americans of the Great Depression who fantasized , usually in vain , that they might find financial salvation if only they could grab a spotlight in show business .
Some aspired to the “ American Idol ” of the day  “ Major Bowes Amateur Hour , ” a hugely popular weekly talent contest on network radio .
Others traveled the seedy dance marathon circuit , entering 24/7 endurance contests that promised food and prize money in exchange for freak - show degradation and physical punishment .
Horace McCoy ’s 1935 novel memorializing this Depression milieu was aptly titled “ They Shoot Horses , Do n’t They ? ”
ProPublica / Politico :
Arkansas Rep. Mike Ross — a Blue Dog Democrat playing a key role in the health care debate — sold a piece of commercial property in 2007 for substantially more than a county assessment and an independent appraisal say it was worth .
The buyer : an Arkansas - based pharmacy chain with a keen interest in how the debate plays out .
Ross sold Holly ’s Health Mart in Prescott , Ark. , to USA Drug for $ 420,000 — an eye - popping price for real estate in a tiny train and lumber town about 100 miles southwest of Little Rock .
" You can buy half the town for $ 420,000 , " said Adam Guthrie , chairman of the county Board of Equalization and the only licensed real estate appraiser in Prescott .
I 'm usually about the last one on board of " pay to play " stories , but this one really makes Ross look like absolute crap .
And there 's more :
But the $ 420,000 that USA Drug paid for the pharmacy ’s building and land was just the beginning of what Ross and his wife , Holly , made from the sale of Holly ’s Health Mart .
USA Drug owner Stephen L. LaFrance Sr. also paid the Rosses $ 500,000 to $ 1 million for the pharmacy ’s assets and paid Holly Ross an additional $ 100,000 to $ 250,000 for signing a noncompete agreement .
Those numbers , which Mike Ross listed on the financial disclosure reports he files as a member of Congress , bring the total value of the transaction to between $ 1 million and $ 1.67 million .
And that ’s not counting the $ 2,300 campaign contribution Ross received from LaFrance two weeks after the sale closed .
Holly Ross remains the pharmacist at Holly ’s Health Mart under USA Drug .
Neither she nor her husband agreed to speak with ProPublica for this story .
Somewhere between $ 1 million and $ 1.67 million , plus the maximum campaign contribution allowable and a paid job for Mrs. Ross .
How 's that going to effect the numbers in Ross ' district , where he insists the public option , for instance , is overwhelmingly unpopular , when in fact it 's not ?
The new question :
Do you approve or disapprove of Congressman Mike Ross ' actions on health care , given that he just pocketed over $ 1 million from a pharmacy chain that 's aggressively lobbying Congress to protect its profits by weakening any and all health care reform legislation ?
More discussion can be found in TomP 's recommended diary .
Adam Beane is quite unique sculptor .
Since beginning sculpting in 2002 he is known for dynamic compositions , action poses , nuanced drapery work and his ability to capture likenesses with expressions .
For the work he uses CX5 , a tremendously versatile material he developed which handles like clay when warm but is hard as plastic when cool .
In this collection you will find mini copies of famous people and will be surprised how unbelievable realistic they look .
Many of them were made for toys companies and may be you could find beautiful works of Adam Beane in supermarkets .
Download full hd wallpapers and high definition wallpapers for your desktop .
Paolo DiCanio
Simon Pegg and Nick Frost
Billy Wagnerfor
Zombie Teen
Dante Toneguzzo
Evangeline Lilly
Adriano Leite Ribeiro
Alessandro Del Piero
Roger Milla
Luca Toni
Gagne
Brian Urlacher
David Bowie
The Southeastern Conference rivals combined for three TDs in the final three minutes , but Charles Scott scored the one that mattered most on a 33 - yard run with 46 seconds remaining to give No. 4 LSU a wild 20 - 13 victory over 18th - ranked Georgia on Saturday .
" Our football team , if you turn your back on them , they will beat you up , " LSU coach Les Miles said .
" We have competitive men , and they like to play .
I am so proud of them . "
Next up : a showdown with top - ranked Florida in Baton Rouge next Saturday night .
Scott appeared stopped at the line , hemmed in by at least three Georgia tacklers .
But he stumbled out of the pack , putting down a hand to stay up , and did n't stop running until he got to the end zone .
" I played mad , with controlled rage , " said Scott , who rushed for 95 yards on 19 carries after struggling in LSU 's first four games .
Neither team reached the end zone through the first three quarters , but they sure made up for it in the fourth .
In the end , LSU ( 5 - 0 , 3 - 0 SEC ) benefited from an excessive - celebration penalty after A.J. Green came down with a brilliant catch to put Georgia ahead with 1:09 left .
The Tigers got good field position on the ensuing kickoff and won it on Scott 's hard - nosed run , which would have been a pass if those on the sideline had their way .
Quarterback Jordan Jefferson persuaded the coaches to let him hand off to Scott instead of putting the ball in the air .
They were sure glad he did .
" I would rather give it to Charles and let him pound it in there , " said Jefferson , who was 18 of 27 for 212 yards .
" Charles is a big power back .
I did n't want to pass it .
That situation required a running play .
I saw the hole , and once he hit it , I knew it was a TD . "
Georgia ( 3 - 2 , 2 - 1 ) will surely bemoan letting this one get away .
The Bulldogs weathered the storm in the first half , trailing just 6 - 0 despite getting outgained 236- 49 and managing only one first down .
LSU squandered two scoring chances from the Georgia 9 -- one when Jefferson was picked off in the end zone , another when the Tigers were stuffed on fourth - and - inches .
Georgia took control in the third quarter , sparked by a hard - rushing defense that sacked Jefferson six times and the hard running of freshman Washaun Ealey , who gained 33 yards on eight carries in his first college appearance .
The Bulldogs finally scored in the opening minute of the fourth quarter when Joe Cox tossed a 1 - yard touchdown pass to Shaun Chapas on fourth - and - goal .
Everything was overshadowed by what happened at the end .
With LSU down 7 - 6 , Jefferson completed a 16 - yard pass on third down to Rueben Randle , hit Scott on a screen for another 16 yards , and got loose down the sideline for a 27 - yard run .
That set up Scott 's first TD , a 2 - yard run with 2:53 remaining for a 12 - 7 lead .
LSU went for the 2 - point conversion , but Jefferson was sacked again .
" ... THE PERFORMERS ARE THE REAL DEAL .
THE PEOPLE ONSTAGE SHINE AN INNER BEAUTY ONTO THE EAGER CROWD , CREATING AN ENERGY IN THE ROOM THAT MAKES YOUR HEART GROW , MIND SHIFT GEARS , AND TAKES YOU BY THE HAND ON THEIR JOURNEY OF VISUAL AND AUDITORY STIMULATION " THE UNTZ
Exclusive British spymasters are involved in a multimillion - pound wrangle with IBM over a secret intelligence network that was scrapped after years in development because of security fears and missed deadlines .
Phase
Two of the SCOPE programme - designed to allow wider access and collaboration on intelligence across ten government organisations at home and abroad - was quietly halted last year .
The Cabinet Office said this week it had no progress to report on recovering the millions paid out for nothing .
The Register has confirmed IBM is the " main commercial supplier " whose " failure ... to meet key contractual milestones " was blamed in July by minister Tessa Jowell for the missing capability and heavy loss to taxpayers .
The total write - down was £ 24.4 m .
IBM declined to offer any comment on its involvement in SCOPE Phase Two or say whether it will return the money .
The Cabinet Office said it was considering its legal options .
It declined to comment on IBM specifically .
SCOPE Phase
Two aimed to connect thousands - 1,500 in the MoD alone - of extra government staff at home and abroad to the SCOPE network .
Phase
One was completed in October 2007 , updating the UK Intelligence Messaging Network to speed secret information sharing across government .
The organisations involved in SCOPE are MI5 , MI6 , GCHQ , SOCA , HMRC , the Cabinet Office , the Home Office , the Foreign Office , the MoD and Department for Business , Innovation and Skills ( ex - DTI ) .
The Cabinet Office told The Register work has now begun on an unnamed replacement system planned to offer the same capabilities .
Phase One , for which IBM was also the main contractor , is in place but suffered years of setbacks and technical problems , including a " serious process failure " at the network 's Service Operations Centre , at a secret location outside London .
Tessa Jowell sought to soften the blow of the failure of Phase Two by claiming in Parliament that " the first phase of the programme was delivered on time and within budget in 2007 " .
Her claim is repeatedly directly contradicted by the the Intelligence and Security Committee 's ( ISC ) annual reports , however .
In 2004/05 the cross party group of MPs wrote : " SCOPE will be delivered over three years later than originally envisaged . "
In 2005 /06 they wrote : " Roll - out of equipment to 12 locations ( Phase One ) is now planned for autumn 2006 ... this has slipped from its original date of April 2005 . "
In 2006 / 07 : " Phase One ... achieved full operational capability in October 2007 - over two years later than originally forecast ( April 2005 ) . "
A Cabinet Office spokesman said Jowell had referred to a new deadline set when SCOPE was " recalibrated " in 2003 .
He offered no explanation why in 2005 / 06 the ISC was told the deadline had slipped to autumn 2006 .
In its most recent annual report the ISC , the main oversight body for the intelligence agencies , said it was " appalled " by SCOPE Phase Two and announced a separate inquiry set to report later this year .
The ISC 's reports dominate the limited public record on SCOPE , although the Committee 's views on it apparently contrast with those of the Cabinet Office mandarin who led the project .
According to the February 2008 newsletter of the defence trade and professional body AFCEA , Dr Michael Taylor declared : " SCOPE is an extraordinary success story ! "
He went on : " The impact of this tranche of capability [ Phase One ] has whetted the appetite for the further delivery to come . "
But it never came . ®
Ein Transport mit hochradioaktivem Atommüll aus der Wiederaufbereitungsanlage in La Hague erreicht in der Nacht zum 11.11.2008 das Zwischenlager in Gorleben .
Die Bundesregierung will die Manipulations - Vorwürfe gegen die frühere Regierung Kohl beim geplanten Atommüll - Endlagers Gorleben aufklären .
" Alle Akten kommen auf den Tisch , alle Akten werden ausgewertet " , sagte ein Regierungssprecher in Berlin .
Sollte sich dabei zeigen , dass etwas nicht in Ordnung sei , werde man den Vorgang neu bewerten müssen .
Bundesumweltminister Sigmar Gabriel ( SPD ) sprach von einem handfesten Skandal und schloss Gorleben als Standort für ein Endlager aus .
Die Grünen forderten die Einrichtung eines parlamentarischen Untersuchungsausschusses .
Nach einem Bericht der " Süddeutschen Zeitung " hatte die Regierung unter Helmut Kohl ( CDU ) 1983 Druck auf die Wissenschaftler ausgeübt , die eine Eignung Gorlebens als Endlager prüfen sollten .
Dabei beruft sich die Zeitung auf ein Fernschreiben an die zuständige Fachbehörde .
Gabriel bestätigte die Existenz eines Fernschreibens des Forschungsministeriums aus dem Jahr 1983 , in dem die damalige Physikalisch - Technische Bundesanstalt angewiesen wurde , ein kritisches Gutachten zu Gorleben umzuschreiben .
Der stellvertretende Regierungssprecher Klaus Vater sagte , das Kanzleramt habe das Umweltministerium aufgefordert , alle Akten zu Gorleben zur Verfügung zu stellen .
Seit Dienstagabend lägen die 80 bis 90 Ordner zur Auswertung im Kanzleramt vor .
Ihn persönlich verwundere allerdings , dass die Akten , die schon seit mehr als einem Vierteljahrhundert schlummerten , ausgerechnet drei Wochen vor der Bundestagswahl auftauchten .
Grüne wollen Untersuchungsausschuss
Wahlplakat der Grünen von 1985 .
( Foto : picture - alliance / dpa )
Die Grünen machten die Einsetzung eines Bundestags - Untersuchungsausschusses zu Gorleben zur Voraussetzung für eine Regierungsbeteiligung nach der Bundestagswahl .
" Diese Vorgänge müssen jetzt rückhaltlos aufgeklärt werden " , forderten ihre Spitzenkandidaten Renate Künast und Jürgen Trittin .
Sie sprachen von Filz zwischen Atomkonzernen , Gutachtern und konservativen wie liberalen Politikern .
Gabriel erklärte in Hannover , mit der SPD werde es kein Atomendlager in Gorleben geben .
Die Suche nach einer endgültigen Deponie für den hochradioaktiven
Müll müsse offen gestaltet werden .
Er warf Bundeskanzlerin Angela Merkel ( CDU ) vor , " mit dem Kopf durch die Wand " den Standort im Wendland weiter erkunden zu wollen .
Die stellvertretende Vorsitzende der Unionsfraktion , Katherina Reiche , hielt Gabriel im Gegenzug vor , Gorleben diskreditieren zu wollen , egal ob der Salzstock geeignet sei oder nicht .
Gabriel stellte einen Zeitplan für die Endlagersuche nach der Bundestagswahl vor .
Danach könnten zwischen 2011 und 2013 aussichtsreiche Standortregionen festgelegt werden .
Diese könnten bis 2025 erkundet werden .
2026 sollte dann der Bundestag einen Standort endgültig bestimmen , etwa 2040 könnte dann das Endlager in Betrieb gehen .
CSU - Generalsekretär Alexander Dobrindt forderte im " Handelsblatt " , die Endlagersuche müsse in der kommenden Legislaturperiode gelöst werden .
Einen Standort in Bayern schloss er aus .
However , even if there were a last - minute u-turn at the Louvre , statistics suggest the battle of Le Big Macs has already been lost .
France has become McDonald 's biggest market in the world outside of the US , according to the chain .
While business in traditional brasseries and bistros is in freefall , the fast food group opened 30 new outlets last year in France and welcomed 450 million customers – up 11 per cent on the previous year .
Our galaxy is the centre of the universe , ‘ quantized ’ redshifts show
by D. Russell Humphreys
Over the last few decades , new evidence has surfaced that restores man to a central place in God ’s universe .
Astronomers have confirmed that numerical values of galaxy redshifts are ‘ quantized ’ , tending to fall into distinct groups .
According to Hubble ’s law , redshifts are proportional to the distances of the galaxies from us .
Then it would be the distances themselves that fall into groups .
That would mean the galaxies tend to be grouped into ( conceptual ) spherical shells concentric around our home galaxy , the Milky Way .
The shells turn out to be on the order of a million light years apart .
The groups of redshifts would be distinct from each other only if our viewing location is less than a million light years from the centre .
The odds for the Earth having such a unique position in the cosmos by accident are less than one in a trillion .
Since big bang theorists presuppose the cosmos has naturalistic origins and cannot have a unique centre , they have sought other explanations , without notable success so far .
Thus , redshift quantization is evidence ( 1 ) against the big bang theory , and ( 2 ) for a galactocentric cosmology , such as one by Robert Gentry or the one in my book , Starlight and Time .
1. Introduction
Vesto Slipher did n’t know he was starting a counter - Copernican revolution .
At Lowell observatory nearly a century ago , he began examining the wavelengths of light from faint oval patches in the night sky called ‘ white nebulae ’ ( Latin for ‘ clouds ’ ) .
Now we call them ‘ galaxies ’ ( after the Greek word for ‘ milky ’ ) .
The largest and brightest nebula he could observe was one called ‘ M31 ’ , located in the constellation Andromeda .
Figure 1 shows a similar galaxy .
Like other astronomers before him , 1 Slipher found that the wavelength spectrum of M31 is similar to the spectra of stars , containing a characteristic pattern of lines produced by hydrogen ( Figure 2 ) , calcium , and other elements .
Slipher had found a way to take clearer photographs of the spectra than was previously possible .
The new method enabled him to measure the wavelengths of the spectral lines more precisely .
He found that the wavelengths for M31 were all decreased by 0.1 % from their normal values .
2
That is , the pattern of lines was slightly shifted toward the blue end of the spectrum .
Astronomers set about measuring the wavelength shifts of other nebulae , and by 1925 , they had measured 45 of them .
3
The results ranged from - 0.1 % to + 0.6 % , with the average being + 0.2 % .
The positive values represent wavelength increases , that is , shifts toward the red side of the spectrum , as Figure 2 shows .
These are the redshifts I mentioned above , a major part of this paper ’s topic .
2. Hubble ’s law
By 1924 , most astronomers had decided that the ‘ white nebulae ’ were outside our own Milky Way galaxy .
At Mount Wilson observatory , Edwin Hubble began using the 100 - inch reflector telescope to calculate distances to such ‘ extra - galactic nebulae ’ with a more accurate new technique .
As he did so , he began to confirm the general impression that the more distant nebulae have larger redshifts .
In 1929 , he published his results , 4 which Figure 3 summarizes .
The trend line in the figure relates the wavelength λ of a spectral line , and its shift δλ , to the distance r of each nebula from the Earth :
(1)
Here c is the speed of light , approximately 300,000 km/s , and H is a number we now call the Hubble constant .
This is the famous Hubble law , which says that some cosmic phenomenon causes redshifts to tend to increase in proportion to distance .
Hubble ’s distance calculations revolutionized our ideas of the universe .
The ‘ white nebulae ’ turned out to be objects like our own Milky Way , clusters of hundreds of billions of stars , each cluster roughly a hundred thousand light years in diameter .
Astronomers began to call them galaxies .
On the average , each galaxy is a dozen million light years from its nearest neighbors .
The appropriately named Hubble Space Telescope can now photograph galaxies as far as 15 billion light years away .
There are hundreds of billions of galaxies within that distance .
3. Expansion redshifts , not Doppler shifts
Hubble , following the lead of Slipher and others , interpreted the wavelength shifts as Doppler shifts , produced entirely by the velocity v of the light source with respect to the Earth .
In that case , for v much less than c , the wavelength shift would be approximately
(2)
Then , according to equation ( 1 ) , the trend line in Figure 3 would correspond to galaxies moving away from us with velocity v proportional to their distance r:
(3)
But other things can cause redshifts .
For example , Einstein ’s theory of general relativity says that in an expanding space , the lengths of light waves should be stretched out right along with the stretching - out of the medium they are moving through .
Light coming from distant objects would have experienced more such stretching than light from nearby objects , so such redshifts would increase with distance .
Today , most cosmologists think that the trend line in Figures 3 and 4 represents such an expansion redshift , not a Doppler shift .
5,6 However , astronomers still find it convenient to describe redshifts with ‘ equivalent velocities ’ , as if they were caused by a Doppler shift .
Unfortunately , that practice has confused the public , the media , and even undergraduate astronomy students into thinking of the redshifts as being caused mainly by velocities .
Figure 4 shows more recent data on the redshift - distance relation out to much greater distances .
7
Deviations from the trend line would be caused not by expansion , but by other phenomena , such as the Doppler effect .
For example , galaxy M31 in Andromeda appears to be moving toward our galaxy with a ‘ local ’ velocity of about 100 km / s, 8 producing a Doppler blue shift larger than the small expansion redshift we would expect from such a nearby object , only about 2 million light years away .
Through the years , theorists have offered other explanations for the cosmological redshift trend .9 –14
For several decades , I explored such theories , trying without success to find one that satisfied me .
But I lost interest in alternative redshift models after I noticed verses in the Bible that appear to support the idea that space has been expanded .
Isaiah 40:22 is one example :
‘ It is he … that stretches out the heavens as a curtain , and spreads them out as a tent to dwell in . ’
There are seventeen such verses in the Old Testament ,15 and they use four different Hebrew verbs to convey the idea of ‘ stretching out ’ or ‘ spreading out ’ .
As I clarify in Starlight and Time , 16 in Scripture ‘ the heavens ’ appear to refer to space itself , not necessarily to the bodies occupying that space , namely the Sun , Moon and stars .
So if we take these verses straightforwardly , then God is saying that He has stretched out or spread out the ‘ fabric ’ of space itself .
That corresponds very closely to the general relativistic idea of expanding space .
With a few small steps of logic , textbooks show that such an expansion produces redshifts .
17 That is why I think expansion is the main cause .
Regardless of the cause , however , all that matters for this paper is that galaxy redshifts are approximately proportional to distance , as the Hubble law asserts in equation ( 1 ) .
4. Tifft observes quantized redshifts
Astronomers often express the amount of redshift , the fractional change of wavelength , as a dimensionless number , z :
(4 )
The raw data for the z’s of galaxies do not have any obviously favored values .
However , in the early 1970s William Tifft at the Steward Observatory in Tucson , Arizona , began transforming the data into ‘ power spectra ’ that show how often various spacings in the data occur .
This standard statistical technique shows otherwise difficult - to - see regularities as peaks rising above the random noise in a plot .
In this case , one source of such noise would be the ‘ local ’ or ‘ peculiar ’ motions of the galaxies .
18 Tifft noticed a surprisingly strong peak corresponding to an interval between z’s of about 0.00024 , or 0.024 % .
That means the values of z tend to cluster around preferred values with equal spacings between them , such as :
0.00000 , 0.00024 , 0.00048 , 0.00072 , 0.00096 , …
Expressed in terms of a Doppler shift , as it usually is , the interval δzbetween groups corresponds to an ‘ equivalent velocity ’ interval δv of about 72 km / s.19 Later , Tifft noticed another pattern of clustering with a smaller interval of about 36 km / s.
Further observations and publications continued to support this phenomenon .
In 1984 , Tifft and his co-worker W. J. Cocke examined the 1981 Fisher - Tully survey of redshifts in the radio wave ( not visible light ) part of the spectrum .
The survey listed redshifts in the prominent 21 - cm wavelength line from hydrogen in the galaxies .
Tifft and Cocke found ‘ sharp periodicities20 at exact submultiples ( 1/3 and 1/2 ) of 72.45 km/s ’ , stating ,
‘ There is now very firm evidence that the redshifts of galaxies are quantized with a primary interval near 72 km s- 1. ’21
However , some skepticism about their conclusion remained for a decade after that , 22 despite Tifft ’s steady stream of peer - reviewed publications closing up the loopholes in his case .
23
Then in 1997 , an independent study of 250 galaxy redshifts by William Napier and Bruce Guthrie confirmed Tifft ’s basic observations , saying ,
‘ … the redshift distribution has been found to be strongly quantized in the galactocentric frame of reference .
The phenomenon is easily seen by eye and apparently cannot be ascribed to statistical artefacts , selection procedures or flawed reduction techniques .
Two galactocentric periodicities have so far been detected , ~ 71.5 km s- 1 in the Virgo cluster , and ~ 37.5 km s- 1 for all other spiral galaxies within ~ 2600 km s - 1 [ roughly 100 million light years ] .
The formal confidence levels associated with these results are extremely high .
’24
By ‘ galactocentric frame of reference ’ , they mean a frame at rest with respect to the centre of our own galaxy , compensating for the Earth ’s motion around the Sun and the Sun ’s motion around our galaxy ’s centre .
That shows the quantizations more clearly .
In section 7 , I will extend the meaning of ‘ galactocentric ’ beyond reference frames .
Napier and Guthrie ’s results show quantization occurs at least out to medium distances , of the order of 100 million light years .
Other evidence , from the Hubble Space Telescope , shows similar clustering of redshifts out to distances of billions of light years .
25
In 1996 , Tifft showed that it is important to compensate the galactocentric redshifts yet further by accounting for our galaxy ’s motion with respect to the cosmic microwave background ( CMB ) radiation .
26,27 Doppler shifts of the microwaves show that our galaxy is moving about 560 km /s in a direction south of the constellation Hydra .28
Accounting for that motion converts the galactocentric redshifts to a frame of reference which is at rest with respect to the CMB , and thus presumably at rest with respect to the universe as a whole .
In that frame , it turns out that the redshift groups are much more distinct from one another .
Then some less intense periodicities , such as at 2.6 , 9.15 , and 18.3 km /s , become evident .
Perhaps because of this clarity , or because of the confirming studies by other astronomers , critics seem to have stopped questioning the validity of the data .
It appears that redshift quantization — the phenomenon itself , not the theories trying to explain it — has survived a quarter - century of peer review .
5 . A simple explanation for quantization
In this section and the next , I intend to show that ( a ) the redshift groupings correspond to groupings of distances , ( b ) the distance groupings mean that the galaxies are located in concentric shells around us , and ( c ) such an arrangement could not occur by accident .
If you want to skip some mathematical details , just look at Figures 5 through 8 and read my discussion of the results , after equation ( 14 ) .
According to Hubble ’s law , the cosmological part of the redshift , z , of each galaxy corresponds to a particular distance , r. Solving equation ( 1 ) for that distance gives
(5 )
The simplest explanation for the grouping of redshifts appears to be that the corresponding distances are grouped , as Figure 5 illustrates .
Taking the derivative of equation ( 5 ) then gives us the distance interval δ r corresponding to the interval δ z between groups of redshifts :
(6 )
In terms of the ‘ equivalent velocity ’ interval δ v between redshift groups , the distance interval would be :
(7 )
Hubble ’s first estimate of H was about 500 km /s per Megaparsec ( 1 parsec = 3.2616 light years ) , but that number rapidly diminished as astronomers recalibrated their distance scales .
A few decades ago , the value of H was bouncing between 50 and 100 km /s per Mpc .
The past decade of accurate space - based distance measurements seems to have tightened up the estimates to between about 70 and 80 km / s per Mpc.29
Let ’s take the following value as a working estimate :
(8)
Converting from Megaparsecs to a more familiar distance unit , H would be about 23 ± 1.5 km / s per million light years , so equation ( 7 ) becomes
(9 )
Then the two redshift intervals reported by Napier and Guthrie , 37.5 and 71.5 km /s , would correspond to two distance intervals , 1.6 and 3.1 million light years .
6. Implications of distance grouping
Except for directions obscured by the Milky Way , astronomers observe about equal numbers of galaxies in all directions from us .
If a particular group of redshifts represents a group of galaxy distances clustered around an average distance r 1 from us , then we would expect those galaxies to be roughly equally distributed all around us on a ( conceptual ) spherical shell of radius r 1 .
A second group of distances might have an average of r 2 = r 1 + δ r , so those galaxies would tend to be on a second spherical shell a distance δ r outside the first .
Figure 6 shows such an arrangement of galaxies .30
Now I want to show that we could see such a grouping of distances only if we are less than about 1 million light years away from the centre of such a pattern .
Imagine that our galaxy is displaced a distance a from the centre , as Figure 7 shows .
According to the law of cosines , the distance r′ from our galaxy to another galaxy would be :
( 10 )
where r is the distance of the other galaxy from the centre , and θ ; is its colatitude , the angle from the displacement axis as seen from the centre .
The distance r´ is independent of the azimuth φ ( measured around the displacement axis , between 0 and 2π radians ) of the faraway galaxy .
So despite the absence of the third coordinate , this analysis is valid in three dimensions .
When a is much less than r , equation ( 10 ) reduces to a simple approximation :
( 11 )
Since the colatitude θ ; for a galaxy can vary randomly from 0 to π radians , the value of r′for any given shell of radius r should vary between r - a and r + a .
If a were too large , this would smear out the redshift groups , blurring the distinction between them .
A simple statistical analysis31 shows that the standard deviation σ θ ; of the angle - dependent part of the distribution of r′is :
( 12 )
The value of the radius r of a galaxy in any given shell also has a statistical distribution having a standard deviation σ r , indicating the thickness of each shell .
Then , according to statistics , 32 the total standard deviation σ of the distribution of r´is :
( 13 )
The redshift groups would overlap and become indistinguishable if σ were significantly larger than the spacing between shells , δ r.
Even if σ r were zero , the groups would be indistinguishable if σ θ ; were greater than δ r .
Figure 8 illustrates this smearing .
It shows a computer simulation of distance groups , first seen from the exact centre , and then from a viewpoint 2 million light years away from the centre .
I chose Ïƒ to be rather small so the peaks would be easily visible .
Notice that the displacement from centre fills in the valleys and levels the peaks , making it difficult to distinguish the groups from statistical fluctuations .
This means that to observe distinct groups of redshifts , we must be near the centre of the spherical - shell pattern of galaxies .
According to equation ( 13 ) and the reasoning after it , our displacement a from the centre would have to be significantly smaller than the smallest observed δ r :
( 14 )
Thus our home galaxy must be closer to the centre than the interval δ rthat section 5 cites , 1.6 million light years .
Using the smallest observed interval33 would put us even closer to the centre — within about 100,000 light years , the diameter of our galaxy .
The probability P that we would be located in such a unique position in the cosmos by chance would be the ratio of the volumes involved ,
( 15 )
where R is the minimum radius of the cosmos estimated by observation , say about 20 billion light years .
Using δ r = 1.6 million light years gives a value for P less than 5.12 × 10 - 13 .
That is , the probability of our galaxy being so close to the centre of the cosmos by accident is less than one out of a trillion .
In summary , the observed redshift quantizations strongly imply that the universe has a centre , and that our galaxy is uncannily close to it !
7 . The cosmos is galactocentric
To name this idea , let ’s elevate the word ‘ galactocentric ’ above its humble use in section 4 , which was merely to describe a frame of reference .
Let ’s use the word to describe the universe itself .
That is , we live in a galactocentric cosmos — auniverse that has a unique geometric centre very near our own home galaxy , the Milky Way .
As I mentioned at the end of section 4 , the cosmic microwave background ( CMB ) data suggest that our galaxy is moving with respect to the centre of the universe .
34
Our galaxy is essentially at the centre of the cosmos , but not at rest with respect to it .
This differs from geocentrism , which would have the Earth be at the exact centre and motionless with respect to it .
35,36 Several creationists have proposed galactocentric cosmologies .37
The technical literature of astronomy almost completely ignores a galactocentric cosmos as a possible explanation for redshift quantization .
38 Instead , secular astronomers appear to prefer some as - yet - unexplained microscopic phenomenon affecting the light itself , either in its emission from atoms or its transmission through space .
Tifft himself actively promotes such an explanation .
Invoking a new concept , ‘ three - dimensional time ’ , Tifft says ,
‘ The redshift has imprinted on it a pattern that appears to have its origin in microscopic quantum physics , yet it carries this imprint across cosmological boundaries . ’
39
Thus secular astronomers have avoided the simple explanation , most not even mentioning it as a possibility .
Instead , they have grasped at a straw they would normally disdain , by invoking mysterious unknown physics .
I suggest that they are avoiding the obvious because galactocentricity brings into question their deepest worldviews .
This issue cuts right to the heart of the big bang theory — its naturalistic evolutionist presuppositions .
8 . The big bang ca n’t tolerate a centre
Few people realize how different the big bang cosmology is from their conceptions of it .
The misleading popular name of the theory causes most people to picture a small three - dimensional ball — having a centre and an outer edge — exploding outward into an empty three - dimensional space .
After millions of years , the matter would coalesce into stars and galaxies .
The whole group of billions of galaxies would constitute an ‘ island ’ ( or archipelago ) in a ‘ sea ’ of otherwise empty space .
Like the public ’s three - dimensional initial ball , such an island would have a unique geometric centre .
By ‘ centre ’ I mean nothing esoteric , but simply the dictionary definition :
‘ Centre … 1 .
A point equidistant or at the average distance from all points on the sides or outer boundaries of something .
’40
Most people , including most scientists and even many astronomers , picture the big bang that way .
But expert cosmologists picture the big bang theory entirely differently !
They reject both a three - dimensional initial ball and an ‘ island ’ universe .
In the ‘ closed ’ big bang ( the most favored version ) , they imagine — purely by analogy — the three - dimensional space we can see as being merely the surface of a four - dimensional ‘ balloon ’ expanding out into a ‘ hyperspace ’ of four spatial dimensions ( none is time ) .
41 See Figure 9 .
They picture the galaxies like grains of dust all over the surface of the balloon .
( No galaxies would be inside the balloon . )
As the expansion proceeds , the rubber ( representing the ‘ fabric ’ of space itself ) stretches outward .
This spreads the dust apart .
From the viewpoint of each grain , the others move away from it , but no grain can claim to be the unique centre of the expansion .
On the surface of the balloon , there is no centre .
The true centre of the expansion would be in the air inside the balloon , which represents ‘ hyperspace ’ , beyond the perception of creatures confined to the 3 - D ‘ surface ’ .
If you are having trouble understanding this analogy , try viewing the video version of Starlight and Time .
42
Its computer - generated animated graphics have helped many people understand the analogy , walking them through it step by step .
Here ’s another way to look at the expert cosmologists ’ concept .
If you could travel infinitely fast in any particular direction available to us , they claim you would never encounter any large volume of space unpopulated with galaxies .
You would not be able to define an ‘ edge ’ or boundary around the galaxies , and so you could not define a geometric centre .
One cosmologist says this about the popular ‘ island universe ’ misconception :
‘ This is wrong … [ The big bang cosmos ] has no centre and edge . ’43
So the big bang has no centre .
No unique centre would exist anywhere within the three space dimensions we can see .
This explains why its supporters reject any interpretation of redshift quantization requiring a centre .
Below I show that their demand for acentricity 44 stems from an arbitrary presupposition not justified by observations .
9 . The big bang presupposition
In their influential but highly technical book , The Large Scale Structure of Space - Time , Stephen Hawking and George Ellis introduce their section on the big bang cosmology with the following general remarks :
‘ However we are not able to make cosmological models without some admixture of ideology .
In the earliest cosmologies , man placed himself in a commanding position at the centre of the universe .
Since the time of Copernicus we have been steadily demoted to a medium sized planet going round a medium sized star on the outer edge of a fairly average galaxy , which is itself simply one of a local group of galaxies .
Indeed we are now so democratic that we would not claim that our position in space is specially distinguished in any way .
We shall , following Bondi ( 1960 ) , call this assumption the Copernican principle ’ [ emphasis added ] .45
This notion used to be called the ‘ Cosmological principle ’ .46,47 Note carefully that Hawking and Ellis call it an ‘ assumption ’ and an ‘ admixture of ideology ’ — a presupposed idea not required by observations .
Their phrase ‘ we would not claim …’ is actually a dogmatic claim : the Earth is not in a special position in the cosmos .
They go on to say :
‘ A reasonable interpretation of this somewhat vague principle is to understand it as implying that , when viewed on a suitable scale , the universe is approximately spatially homogenous ’ [ emphasis added ] .48
‘ Spatially homogeneous ’ means ‘ uniformly spread throughout all available space ’ .
Hawking and Ellis are claiming that at any time space is completely filled with matter - energy .
There never were any large empty volumes of space , and there never will be , they say .
They make this leap of faith because observations show that the universe is isotropic or spherically symmetric around us , meaning that from our vantage point it looks much the same in all directions .
Ordinarily , Hawking and Ellis point out , this would mean , ‘ we are located near a very special point ’ 49 — such as the centre .
That conflicts with their desire that the Earth not be in a special location , so they seek a less troubling cosmology ,
‘… in which the universe is isotropic about every point in space time ; so we shall interpret the Copernican principle as stating that the universe is approximately spherically symmetric about every point ( since it is approximately spherically symmetric around us ) . ’49
As they then show , cranking this rather bizarre assumption into the mathematics of general relativity results in the various forms of the big bang theory .
10 .
The heart of the big bang is atheism
Let ’s delve into the motive for the presupposition .
Why should big bang theorists go to all this trouble to contrive a cosmology in which the Earth is not in a special place ?
Astrophysicist Richard Gott , in the introduction to an article specifically devoted to the Copernican principle , unveils the reason :
‘ The Copernican revolution taught us that it was a mistake to assume , without sufficient reason , that we occupy a privileged position in the Universe .
Darwin showed that , in terms of origin , we are not privileged above other species .
Our position around an ordinary star in an ordinary galaxy in an ordinary supercluster [ the local group of galaxies ] continues to look less and less special .
The idea that we are not located in a special spatial location has been crucial in cosmology , leading directly to the [ big bang theory ] .
In astronomy the Copernican principle works because , of all the places for intelligent observers to be , there are by definition only a few special places and many nonspecial places , so you are likely to be in a nonspecial place ’ [ emphasis mine ] .
50
The word ‘ likely ’ above reveals a lot .
Richard Gott evidently believes we are where we are by accident !
It apparently does n’t enter his head that an intelligent Designer , God , might have placed us in a special position in the cosmos on purpose .
Thus the ultimate motive behind the Copernican principle is atheistic naturalism .
Since that is the driving philosophy behind naturalistic evolutionism , Gott ’s reference to Darwin is appropriate .
The big bang and Darwinism are two halves , physical and biological , of an atheistic origins myth .
Thus , Christians who support the big bang theory should realize that they are unwittingly denying their God and compromising with a godless worldview .
11 . Scientific implications of a centre
If God used processes as part of His making the stars and galaxies on the fourth day of Creation , then redshift quantizations are evidence that some of the processes were spherically symmetric around our galaxy .
For example , we could imagine spherical shock waves bouncing back and forth between the centre and edge of an expanding ball of gas or plasma , such as in the tentative cosmogony I outline in Starlight and Time .51
The reverberating waves would interfere with each other at some radii and enhance each other at other radii , setting up a pattern of ‘ standing waves ’ , concentric shells of denser gas .
God would then gather the gas into stars and galaxies .
The resulting concentric patterns of galaxies would be complex , having many spacings corresponding to the many different modes of reverberation .
Perhaps significantly , the principal shell spacing we observe , δr= 3.1 million light years , is of the same order as the average distance between galaxies , 12 million light years .
52
Standing waves imply the matter had an outer edge for the shock waves to rebound from .
That would make the geometric centre be a centre of mass also .
If we put those boundary conditions ( an edge and centre ) into Einstein ’s equations of general relativity , we get the cosmology I presented in Starlight and Time .
The centre of mass is a centre for gravitational forces , low in intensity but cosmic in extent .
Then gravity causes large time dilation effects at the centre during one particular stage of the expansion .
Thus quantized redshifts are observational evidence for my cosmology , bearing out my preliminary claim in 1994 :
‘ In particular , the “ quantized ” distribution of galactic red shifts , 3,22 observed by various astronomers seems to contradict the Copernican principle and all cosmologies founded on it — including the big bang .
But the effect seems to have a ready explanation in terms of my new non-Copernican “ white hole ” cosmology .
’53
12 . Spiritual implications of a centre
To Christians , the thought of being located at the centre of the cosmos seems intuitively satisfying .
But to secularists , it is deeply disturbing .
For centuries they have tried to push the Copernican revolution 54 yet further to get away from centrality .
Carl Sagan devoted an entire book in this style to belittle our location and us :
‘ The Earth is a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena … Our posturings , our imagined self - importance , the delusion that we have some privileged position in the Universe , are challenged by this point of pale light [ an image of Earth taken by Voyager I ] .
Our planet is a lonely speck in the great enveloping cosmic dark .
In our obscurity , in all this vastness , there is no hint that help will come from elsewhere to save us from ourselves .
’55
Let ’s consider more closely why the central position of mankind in the cosmos is so important an idea that the enemies of God try to escape it .
First , the Bible declares the uniqueness and centrality of our home planet .
It mentions the Earth first in Genesis 1:1 , on Day 1 — long before it mentions the Sun , Moon and stars over a dozen verses later , on the fourth day .
Genesis 1:6-10 locates the Earth ‘ in the midst ’ of all the matter of the cosmos , as I explained in Starlight and Time .56 In Genesis 1:14 – 15 , God says the host of the heavens exists for the benefit of those on the Earth .
So it is not man who imagines himself ‘ at a commanding position at the centre of the universe ’ , 57 but God who says we are there .
It is heartening to see the evidence once again supporting what Scripture says .
‘ Okay , ’ you might say , ‘ but then why did n’t God put us right at the centre of our galaxy , where the centrality would have been more evident ? ’
Well , it looks like He had something better in mind .
First , there are good design features about our Sun ’s position in the Milky way , making it an ideal environment .
58,59
The inner galaxy is very active , with many supernovæ , and probably a massive black hole , that produce intense radiation .
60 Instead , the Sun has a fairly circular orbit keeping the Earth at a fair distance from the dangerous central portion .
In fact , the Sun is at an optimal distance from the galactic centre , called the co-rotation radius .
Only here does a star ’s orbital speed match that of the spiral arms — otherwise , the Sun would cross the arms too often and be exposed to other supernovæ .
Another design feature is that the Sun orbits almost parallel to the galactic plane — otherwise , crossing this plane could be disruptive .
Second , there are aesthetic and spiritual reasons .
If God had placed the Sun closer to the Milky Way centre , the thick clouds of stars , dust , and gas ( quite aside from the supernovæ ! ) near our galaxy ’s centre would have prevented us from seeing more than a few light years into the cosmos .
Instead ,
God put us in an optimal position , not at the outmost rim where the Milky Way would be dim , but far enough out to see clearly into the heights of the heavens .
That helps us to appreciate the greatness of God ’s ways and thoughts , as Isaiah 55:9 points out .
Most important , it is very encouraging to see evidence for the centrality of humans to the plan of God .
It was a sin on this planet that subjected the entire universe to groaning and travailing ( Romans 8:22 ) .
Ours is the planet where the Second Person of the Trinity took on the ( human ) nature of one of His creatures to redeem not only us , but also the entire cosmos ( Romans 8:21 ) .
This knowledge that God gave minuscule mankind prime real estate in a vast cosmos astounds and awes us , as Psalm 8:3 - 4 says :
‘ When I consider your heavens , the work of your fingers , the moon and the stars , which you have ordained ;
What is man , that you are mindful of him ?
and the son of man , that you visit him ? ’
Acknowledgements
Here I want to acknowledge the valuable comments of many creationists , including those of many creationist friends in New Mexico with whom I meet regularly .
Just finding us ?
Start with Part 1 of our Taxi Driver examination to avoid confusion !
Continuing along where we last left off , Travis takes Betsy to Times Square for their ill - fated movie date .
Exactly where they are is tough to place as they walk along Broadway / 7th
Ave , but based on the median , I believe they ’re at the corner of 45th & Broadway ( note that this section of Broadway is now closed off to traffic as a pedestrian walkway ) :
Travis takes Betsy to the Lyric , a former 42nd Street playhouse and movie theater .
The actual show Travis brings Betsy to see is not the above - advertised Sometime Sweet Susan , but actually , a 1969 Swedish sex educational film called Language of Love .
Currently , the Hilton Theatre is gearing up for the 2010 release of the Spider - man musical .
In this photo , you can see the full Lyric facade .
Originally designed as an opera school , the Lyric opened as a theater in 1903 , with 1,350 seats , 2 balconies , and 18 box seats .
In 1934 , it was converted into a movie theater to survive the Depression .
At some point along the way , it became a porno theater .
In 1994 , the Lyric and neighboring Apollo theater ( on the left ) were demolished to make way for a theater combining the two .
Major architectural elements were carefully removed and re-installed in the new building , which currently is known as the Hilton Theatre .
Shortly after the film begins , Betsy storms out of the Lyric ( would she have the same problem with Spider - man : Turn Off The Dark ? ) .
Travis desperately tries to talk with Betsy , offering us a glimpse across the street of what I believe is the New Amsterdam theater ( like the Lyric , it had been converted from a theatrical stage to a movie house during the Depression and was in shambles by the time Disney leased it in 1993 ) .
If you look closely , the theater across the street is playing Clint Eastwood ’s The Eiger Sanction :
Travis later stops at McAnn ’s Bar , a location I cannot find anywhere .
There are several McAnn ’s in the city , but none of them have addresses that match the building numbering ( McAnn ’s should be 692 or 694 … ) .
Any ideas ?
Travis makes a call to Betsy to apologize , and amazingly , this scene was shot in a place where I spend a good amount of time when working on films : the lobby of the Ed Sullivan Theater building which , in addition to the Letterman studio , also houses the Mayor ’s Office of Film .
It ’s looking quite a bit different these days , but I like that they left the metal phone book holder :
Angry , Travis storms around the corner out the front door :
Travis tries unsuccessfully to talk to Betsy at the campaign office , and while we ’ve already covered the location in detail , I wanted to note the oddly - named restaurant across the street , “ Aunt Fish ” ( no longer around , of course ) .
Travis then meets up with his buddies at the Belmore Cafeteria , a former grease joint on the corner of 28th & Park .
Sadly , the owner sold the property in 1981 , and a bland highrise was built in its place :
An angled view of the new building :
Travis steps outside with fellow cabbie Wizard for a discussion about guns .
We get a quick glimpse north ( the building on the right past the Belmore is now Les Halles , the restaurant owned by TV personality chef Anthony Bourdain ) :
The reverse view shows a fight on the street – you can make out a pretty neat subway globe lamp .
Meanwhile , a McDonalds is now on the corner .
Across the street , more changes :
Travis continues to follow Betsy , and parks outside her building on Broadway between 62nd & 63rd streets .
Across the street , you can see the AAA building entrance , and how it looks today :
Travis decides to check in on Iris , the young prostitute he met outside the Variety .
He parks his car on 13th Street between 2nd & 3rd Aves to wait for her .
It took me a good ten minutes of searching for that red door before I realized it does n’t exist anymore :
If you have n’t noticed , one of the key aspects that makes Taxi Driver a quintessential New York movie is that the city geography makes sense .
When Travis takes Betsy to a coffee shop , for example , they head a few blocks south from the campaign headquarters at 62nd Street to a grease joint at 58th .
When Travis brings
Betsy to the porno theater , we see them walk a logical path down Times Square to 42nd Street .
And here , when Travis reunites with Iris , he goes right around the corner from the Variety Theater , where he first met her .
The door marked ROOMS is at 202 East 13th Street ( oddly , everyone remembers this entrance , even though nothing ever happens here ) :
Travis follows
Iris along , passing this great wall ad for Endicott Johnson , a New York - based shoe manufacturer .
The electronics store on the right is now Cafe Deville .
Travis then speeds off , passing Gothic Cabinet Craft .
Hooray !
Something that still exists !
The sign ’s different , but it ’s still the same business over 30 years later .
I take pride in correctly guessing the location of this next shot immediately , in which Travis is picked up by the gun dealer .
The only clue in the photo is that tuft of green up the street , but it ’s enough to give it away as Madison Square Park , placing Travis somewhere along 5th Ave ( actually at 19th street ) :
As the cab comes around the corner , we get a quick look at a diner advertising “ coffee shop – fountain service . ”
This is now a Sephora .
Yes !
Another business still around !
Same hardware store on 19th street as Travis heads off in the cab .
Travis then attends a political rally , and I can’t place this one .
I was thinking it might even be in Brooklyn , with the view of the Manhattan Bridge and those warehouse - like buildings in the background .
Any guesses ?
I have absolutely no idea where the R&M Super Market is ( where Travis first uses his new gun ) .
Travis then attends a second political rally .
This was easy to locate , as the first shot features street signs ( 38th & Seventh Ave ) .
Note the new fancy glass on the left …
In this next shot , the only change is the DONT WALK and street signs .
Look carefully and you ’ll see what 33 years does to a wall advertisement .
One last view of Seventh Ave :
Travis is quickly asked to leave by a cop , and while most of these places are gone , the Spanish Taverna restaurant still exists :
Based on the reviews , I definitely need to try this place one night ( though do n’t be fooled by the exterior – dishes range from $ 20 - $ 40 ! ) .
Yet another corner diner is gone – this time , The Center has been replaced by Health King .
Note that everyone is looking and smiling at the camera ( Travis is driving too fast to notice during the film ) :
One final look at how Seventh Ave has changed :
Back to 13th Street again , and Travis meets up with Iris .
The place on the corner has been serious renovated and is now Hea , a Japanese restaurant :
Across the street , another view of Gothic Cabinet Craft :
Travis gets out and chats with Iris :
Again , we see the infamous ROOMS entrance … but no one ever goes in !
Travis has a chat with Iris ’ pimp , played by Harvey Keitel .
The scene takes place outside of 204 East 13th Street . :
In this reverse shot , we get a look across the street ( the buildings have all since been torn down ) :
After a deal is reached , Iris and Travis continue down the street …
… to 226 E 13th Street .
Things are looking cheerier these days :
A tilt up shows the rest of the building :
Travis later takes Iris to a diner .
Any ideas on where this might be ?
The street vendor on the right makes me wonder if this is on St. Mark ’s ( man , does that brick look familiar ) .
Good to know that Gino ’s Italian Ices have been around so long .
Travis goes to the Palantine rally at Columbus Circle in what proves to be a failed attempt to assassinate the candidate :
The angel statue featured is still around :
As Travis flees the scene , we get a glimpse of the old Gulf +
Western building on the corner , later to be stripped down and completely renovated into the Trump International Hotel ( along with steel globe ) .
After the bloody shootout on E 13th Street , the film concludes at the St. Regis Hotel at 55th Street & Fifth Ave .
I like the new black awning :
Travis chats with his cab buddies …
… then meets Betsy in a cab to end the film .
As evidenced in these past three installments , quite a lot has changed in New York since 1976 .
Personally , I do n’t look back nostalgically on the grittier New York of the late 1970’s .
As I never experienced it first hand , I believe it ’s dangerous and naive to romanticize something the city has worked so desperately to rise up from .
In 1976 , a large portion of New York ’s population people simply did n’t care , and the city suffered for it .
If you pine for this level of apathy , there are plenty of other American cities going through some pretty bad rough patches you could move to , and I promise the rent will be much cheaper .
In 2009 , people care .
A byproduct of people caring is a city that is safer , more g-rated , more expensive , more museum - like .
I agree that such an environment leaves very little room for growth , artistic or otherwise – frankly , you CAN ’T have a Belmore diner at the corner of 28th & Park anymore ( if you owned the place , would you not sell the property for countless millions ? ) .
While I dislike the fact that so many of the FAR more interesting locations in Taxi Driver have been replaced by Duane Reades , McDonald ’s , Starbucks , and Sephora ’s , I can only look at it as part of the unfortunate social evolution of New York .
Ultimately , if New York City did n’t want them , they would n’t exist for long .
Regardless , as I stated at the beginning of this series , New York is as much a character in Taxi Driver as Travis Bickle , and Scorsese ca n’t be praised enough for giving it so much screen time .
I ’m taking a little break from these labor - intensive then - and - now ’s , but definitely let me know what movie you ’d like to see covered next .
And one last time , if you ’ve made it this far , think about subscribing to our RSS feed or Twitter account ( if you have n’t already ) for future updates !
-SCOUT
If you enjoyed reading this post , would you consider making a donation to help me make my first movie ?
The goal is $ 50,000 , and to date , 1,728 Scouting NY readers have donated $ 36,348 !
Just $ 5 or $ 10 can make a difference - AND you get this snazzy Scouting NY sticker / magnet as a Thank - You gift !
Click here to donate today !
And hey , if you 've made it this far , why not follow us via RSS , Twitter , Facebook , Instagram , or Tumblr ?
A French defence ministry photo shows the pirates surrendering A group of Somali pirates has been captured after attacking a French navy ship by mistake , apparently thinking it was a harmless cargo vessel .
French military spokesman Admiral Christophe Prazuck said the pirates attacked in skiffs late at night some 500 km ( 310 miles ) off the Somali coast .
But the command and supply ship , the Somme , repelled the attack and chased the pirates , capturing five of them .
Dozens of international warships fight piracy in Somalia 's lawless waters .
Once they realised they were facing a ship that was responding and was heading towards them , they stopped shooting and attempted to flee
Admiral Christophe Prazuck
Postcard from a pirate capital
The country has had no effective central government since 1991 , leading to a complete breakdown of law and order , and pirates operate off the coast almost with impunity .
Admiral Prazuck told French TV station La Chaine
Info the pirates seemed to be surprised that the navy ship fought back .
" Once they realised they were facing a ship that was responding and was heading towards them , they stopped shooting and attempted to flee , " he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The Somme gave chase and intercepted one of the pirates ' boats .
All the weapons had apparently been tossed into the sea and the suspected pirates are now being held on board the Somme . "
About two dozen ships from European Union nations , including Britain , France , Germany and Italy , patrol the waters off Somalia - an area of about two million square miles .
Although the international naval forces have stepped up patrols in the Gulf of Aden this year , relatively few of the pirates detained have faced trial because of the legal complexities involved .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Brits Get Rich in China
If you enjoy reality type television about entrepreneurs on the make , check out this one hour long British documentary on three British businessmen who go to China to make their fortune .
All three are very interesting characters .
One is a profane street smart seller of kitchen counters and cabinets back at home who needs to get his costs down by working with Chinese suppliers .
Another has been forced to shut down his UK - based pillow factory after basically being driven out of business by low cost competitors .
He now tries to re-enter the business by building a factory in China with investor capital .
The last man is quite the character .
He 's a retired British army officer in his 70s who smugly believes everything will go his way simply because he 's British , old chap .
Wot ?!
Are you suggesting it wo n't ?
To find out who succeeds and who does n't , kick back and watch this .
Brits Get Rich in China Part 2
Brits Get Rich in China Part 3
Brits Get Rich in China Part 4
Brits Get Rich in China Part 5
Brits Get Rich in China Part 6
Brits Get Rich in China Part 7
An Overbrook man pleaded guilty Tuesday as part of a plea deal with federal prosecutors for his role in a Jefferson County cattle fraud case .
Dennis Stebbins , 58 , was convicted of one count of conspiracy to commit bank fraud and money laundering to defraud the owners of J Bar Ranch LLC .
Jay Aaron Wagner , 38 , of Oskaloosa , pleaded guilty to the same charge last year .
Both men have now admitted to running the scheme against the ranch owners , Mick , Virginia , Mike and Judy Jamison .
In a deal with the defendants , the Jamisons required the cattle to be examined by a veterinarian .
In exchange , the ranchers reimburse the men for the cost plus $ 2 to $ 3 per head .
Stebbins and Wagner admitted to fraudulently increasing the average weight and average cost of the cattle .
They also fraudulently created documentation that the cattle were examined by a veterinarian .
In exchange for the guilty plea , prosecutors , Richard Hathaway and Christine Kenney agreed to drop eight other counts against Stebbins .
He faces up to 30 years in prison and a $ 1 million maximum fine , but prosecutors will recommend a reduction in the sentence level , according to the agreement .
U.S. District Judge Richard D. Rogers will sentence Stebbins later in federal court in Topeka .
Wagner is scheduled to be sentenced Nov. 20 .
Andrew Sullivan uncovered this statement from George W. Bush circa 2003 :
The United States is committed to the world - wide elimination of torture and we are leading this fight by example .
I call on all governments to join with the United States and the community of law - abiding nations in prohibiting , investigating , and prosecuting all acts of torture and in undertaking to prevent other cruel and unusual punishment .
Bush also described some of the techniques he found offensive :
The Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment , ratified by the United States and more than 130 other countries since 1984 , forbids governments from deliberately inflicting severe physical or mental pain or suffering on those within their custody or control .
Yet torture continues to be practiced around the world by rogue regimes whose cruel methods match their determination to crush the human spirit .
Beating , burning , rape , and electric shock are some of the grisly tools such regimes use to terrorize their own citizens .
In addition to waterboarding , stress positions , forced nudity and sleep deprivation , Bush authorized beatings for prisoners held by the military and CIA .
Is n’t it time to hold Bush accountable to both the law and his own standards ?
****
More link love for Sullivan :
Update
More on Bush ’s own promises :
With over a million downloads in less than 24 hours , Peter Jackson 's Sci-Fi thriller District 9 is well on its way to becoming the most pirated movie of 2009 .
The huge download spike is caused by a DVD quality version of the movie that leaked onto various BitTorrent sites yesterday .
In the present day and age , no blockbuster movie can escape the fate of being pirated .
However , the popularity of the various rips and titles can differ drastically , and a recent leak of a high quality version of Sci - Fi thriller District 9 might become a record breaker .
Two weeks ago a Telesync version of District 9 already found its way onto the Internet , but the rate at which the freshly released R5 release is being downloaded easily beats all other titles released in 2009 to date .
At the time of writing the movie has been downloaded over a million times on BitTorrent alone , less than 24 hours after it first surfaced .
There are a few dozen torrents out there already , and the most popular one has over 50,000 people downloading the movie simultaneously .
At the US box office District 9 has grossed a mediocre $ 100 million since its official release three weeks ago , which puts it in the 20th spot of all movies released this year .
In comparison , the latest Transformers movie grossed a similar amount in its opening weekend .
Whether the pirated versions of District 9 will slow down the sales of theater tickets remains to be seen .
In the comment section of the torrents some people say they ’re not going to download the movie before they ’ve seen it on the big screen , while others who ’ve already seen it in theater justify the download because they can’t wait for the DVD to come out .
We ’re pretty sure though that the execs at the movie studio wo n’t be as excited about the movie ’s online availability as some of the downloaders are .
TOKYO —
In a radical change to Japan 's modern justice system , lay judges will now be involved in trials of serious crimes :
Six lay judges will sit on the bench alongside three professional judges at trials .
Reaction is mixed .
While many welcome the change , some Japanese are expressing a reluctance to decide the fates of their fellow citizens .
Still others , including some legal professionals , have voiced concerns about the plan .
Unlike jurors , these “ saiban - in ” will actually deliberate with the regular judges on matters of factual evidence and sentencing , in addition to assessing guilt or innocence .
But the most groundbreaking element of the change may be the power these " saiban - in " will have to question defendants and witnesses .
Japan has long faced criticism from international groups , including Amnesty International , for its legal system :
They 've highlighted prolonged detention without access to lawyers , alleged forced confessions and almost 100 percent conviction rates at trial .
But few in Japan believe that this was the catalyst for change .
“ Outside pressure was not so important to the current reforms ; defense lawyers here have long been critical of the trial system , ” said Hiroshi Kawatsu , a trial attorney who heads the Japan Federation of Bar Associations ’ ( JFBA ) Research Office for Judicial Reform .
Kawatsu studied trial advocacy in the U.S. , and has been training young Japanese lawyers to prepare them for the new system .
One beneficial side effect of the changes will likely be a faster criminal justice process , as the current practice of spreading trials out over months , and sometimes years , will end .
“ Judges sometimes work on dozens of cases at a time , sitting one day a month on each trial , spending the time between reading case documents , ” Kawatsu explained .
The need for lay judges to return to their normal lives will make this impractical , and Japan is thus adopting a more focused approach to pre-trial procedures and evidence .
Some observers have raised the specter of lay judges being dominated by the professionals , but Kawatsu said trials will be closely monitored with this in mind .
According to opinion polls , many ordinary Japanese are concerned about serving as lay judges .
“ I ’ve been notified that I will be called up to serve as a lay judge , but I ’m nervous about making a decision that will have such a big impact on someone ’s life .
There ’s always a chance I could be wrong , ” said a company manager who ca n’t be identified because of the strict secrecy rules that apply to lay judges .
“ These very strong confidentiality requirements are a somewhat disturbing issue , ” said Professor Lawrence Repeta , formerly of Omiya Law School in Japan and currently a visiting professor of Asian law at University of Washington , Seattle .
“ People can be fined 500,000 yen ( $ 5,000 ) or imprisoned for six months for disclosing details of a case . "
Repeta added : “ These trials will involve some of the most serious and violent crimes , which could be very stressful for the lay assessors . "
The government recently announced the creation of a 24 - hour helpline that will provide counseling to lay judges , in response to concerns .
The company manager who is now a potential lay judge candidate has another understandable concern : “ I ’d also be nervous about sitting on a Yakuza ( mafia ) trial ; I ’d be worried about sending one of them to prison . ”
Japan ’s 80,000 - plus organized crime group members operate with a certain degree of impunity , and while they have no history of intimidating the judiciary , lay judges may present an easier target .
“ I think that strategy would backfire for the Yakuza , in terms of harsher sentences , ” Kawatsu said .
He conceded , though , that their very presence may be enough to scare some members of the public .
So far , there are no plans to keep lay judges hidden from mobsters during trials .
Unknown to many , there is actually some history of jury systems in Japan .
Between 1928 and 1943 there were juries — of 12 men over 30 years old and above a certain income level — that defendants could elect to be tried by , though very few chose the option .
Then in U.S. - occupied post - war Okinawa , juries were used with mixed results in trials involving American forces and their families until the island returned to Japanese jurisdiction in 1972 .
Whether the reintroduction of lay participation will lead to a drop in Japan 's notoriously high conviction rates is a question that should be answered by July or August , when the first trials under the new system will likely conclude .
“ Actually , since the law passed through parliament in 2004 , the conviction rate has already dropped very slightly , ” Kawatsu said , “ though it ’s still 99 point - something - something percent . ”
More GlobalPost dispatches on Japan :
The Ramen Empire
The Hatoyama dynasty
Naked , drunk and incoherent in Tokyo
Holy mackerel : A breakthrough in tuna science ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The UK's former chief drugs adviser has accused Gordon Brown of reclassifying cannabis for political reasons .
Prof David
Nutt also predicted there would be further resignations from the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs after he was made to quit as its head .
The professor said Mr Brown had " made up his mind " to make cannabis a Class B drug , despite evidence to the contrary .
The home secretary said he had " lost confidence " in Prof Nutt , accusing him of " lobbying for a change in policy " .
Earlier this week , Prof Nutt used a lecture at King 's College , London , to say that smoking cannabis created only a " relatively small risk " of psychotic illness and it was actually less harmful than nicotine or alcohol .
But on Friday he was forced to quit after receiving a letter from Home Secretary Alan Johnson who said his comments had undermined the scientific independence of the council .
' Absurd ' Prof Nutt told the BBC the government had ignored advice on cannabis " on the whim of the prime minister " .
" Until Gordon Brown took office there has never been a recommendation about drug classification from the council that has been rejected by government , " he said .
I think it 's a lack of courage from government that is a big issue here
Sir David King
Former government chief scientific adviser
Profile : Professor David Nutt " Gordon Brown comes into office and soon after that he starts saying absurd things like cannabis is lethal ... it has to be a Class B drug .
He has made his mind up .
" We went back , we looked at the evidence , we said , ' No , no , there is no extra evidence of harm , it 's still a Class C drug . '
" He said , ' Tough , it 's going to be Class B. ' "
Prof Nutt said drug laws should not be influenced " petty party politics " and compared them to interest rates , which are set by the Bank of England not the government .
In the same way , he said , an independent committee should be set up to rule on drug classifications .
" There 's no point in having drug laws that are meaningless and arbitrary just because politicians find it useful and expedient occasionally to come down hard on drugs .
" That 's undermining the whole purpose of the drugs laws . "
' Absolutely wrong ' Prof Nutt said his council was " very , very upset by the attitude the prime minister took over cannabis " and one had already told him he would resign .
" I would n't be surprised if some of the them step down - maybe all of them will , " he added .
Former government chief scientific adviser Sir David King said Prof Nutt had " stepped over the line " in criticising politicians , but it was " absolutely wrong " of Mr Johnson to try to stop him making his opinions about cannabis public .
MARK EASTON'S UK
We are witnessing a collision between science and politics - there may be significant fall - out
Mark Easton
BBC 's home editor
Read Mark 's thoughts in full and the correspondence between Alan Johnson and Prof Nutt " I think that the government has lacked courage in backing David 's committee 's advice , " Sir David said .
" I think it 's a lack of courage from government that is a big issue here . "
The BBC's Danny Shaw said Prof Nutt had accused the government of using the classification system as a tool to send out an anti-drugs message , rather than to rate drugs in terms of actual risk .
' Inevitable decision '
Shadow home secretary Chris Grayling said the sacking had been " an inevitable decision " after Prof Nutt 's " latest ill - judged contribution to the debate " .
But Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne said the decision to sack the adviser had been " disgraceful " .
Harry Shapiro , director of communications at DrugScope , said : " It would be naive not to expect those tasked with giving advice on drug policy to generate some controversy and debate .
" The home secretary 's decision to force the resignation of the chair of an independent advisory body is an extremely serious and concerning development and raises serious questions about the means by which drug policy is informed and kept under review . "
Meanwhile , the Commons Science and Technology Select Committee has asked Mr Johnson to clarify why Prof Nutt was removed at a time when independent scientific advice was essential .
Phil Willis MP , Chairman of the committee , said : " It is disturbing if an independent scientist should be removed for reporting sound scientific advice . "
But Prof Nutt 's predecessor at the ACMD , Sir Michael Rawlins , said ministers had rejected advice in the past and would continue to do so .
He said : " Governments may well have good reasons for taking an alternative view ...
When that happens , then the government should explain why it 's ignoring the particular advice and I think that 's generally accepted as the principle . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Episode 1 - " Demo " ( 8:37 ) YouTube
Episode 2 - " Fuck " ( 5:31 ) YouTube Google
Episode 3 - " Fuck Shit God damn Dick " ( 5:39 ) YouTube Viddler
Episode 4 - " Special Friend " ( 10:52 ) With Taxidermistpasta YouTube Viddler
Episode 5 - " Clusterfuck " ( 5:07 ) With Taxidermistpasta & Vollipopmambo YouTube
Episode 6 - " ON THE MOON " ( 7:12 ) With Taxidermistpasta YouTube Gamevee
Episode 7 - " Gradius is better " ( 10:05 ) With Taxidermistpasta YouTube Gamevee
Episode 8 - " STILL ON THE DAMN MOON " ( 6:39 ) With Taxidermistpasta YouTube Gamevee
Episode 9 - " " ( 4:54 ) With Thinveilcutlet42 YouTube Gamevee
Episode 10 - " Babies " ( 6:41 ) YouTube Gamevee
Episode 11 - " Special Guest " ( 8:58 ) With Lowtax YouTube Gamevee
Episode 12 - " Haunted Hayride " ( 10:16 ) - With Lowtax YouTube Gamevee
Episode 13 - " 51 " ( 14:14 ) VIDEO TOO LONG FOR YOUTUBE Gamevee
Episode 14 - " KICK KICK KICK " ( 9:20 ) YouTube Gamevee
Episode 15 - " Slowbeef ... IN STEREO ! " ( 9:23 ) With Slowbeef YouTube Gamevee
INTERMISSION ( 10:00 ) With Slowbeef YouTube Gamevee
Episode 16 - " MUSHROOM STAMP " ( 7:31 ) YouTube Gamevee
Episode 17 - " I am a moron . " ( 4:50 ) With Taxidermistpasta ( kind of ) YouTube Gamevee
Episode 18 - " MicroCHUMPS " ( 9:20 ) With Taxidermist Pasta YouTube Gamevee
Episode 19 - " Confusion " ( 8:07 ) With Taxidermist Pasta YouTube Gamevee
Episode 20 - " Going down to clown town " ( 9:57 ) YouTube Gamevee
Watch this great highlight video featuring the coming out party for Philadelphia Eagles rookie wide receiver Jeremy Maclin .
The Eagles first - round draft pick finally got to show his stuff this past Sunday against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .
Maclin set a record for an Eagles receiver , after catching six passes for 142 yards and scoring two touchdowns in a 33 - 14 victory over Tampa Bay .
Check out this video of Maclin ’s touchdowns and his breakout day .
According to the Elias Sports Bureau , he became the first Eagles rookie with two 40 - plus touchdown receptions in a game .
Maclin ’s 142 receiving yards were the third - highest single - game total for an Eagles rookie behind Don Looney ’s 180 - yard effort at Washington in 1940 and Hank Baskett ’s 177 - yard game against Atlanta in 2006 .
The Eagles have the potential to be a very dangerous offensive team .
Unfortunately , the defense has been incredibly inconsistent thus far .
As an Eagles fan , the defense is very troublesome to me .
It is ironic that as great as the offense has been this season , it has had nothing to do with Michael Vick .
I have said it once and I ’ll say it again , I think Vick is a waste of time , money , and a roster spot for the birds .
Regardless , congratulations to Jeremy Maclin for an excellent game and here is hoping for more to come .
Nice knowing you Kevin Curtis .
Wear a Jeremy Maclin NFL Replica Philadelphia Eagles Jersey by clicking here .
Order the 10 - DVD set , NFL : Philadelphia Eagles – 10 Greatest Games by clicking here .
Play and Win Fantasy Football with the National Football Post – Buy Now
Use Fantasy Football Commissioner for all of your FF needs at www.fflcommish.com/.
Your favorite NFL teams and players gone big – Fathead.com
Order the Madden NFL 10 : Official Strategy Game Guide by clicking here .
( Visited 28 times , 1 visits today )
Eric G. Eric is the owner and editor - in - chief of the Camel Clutch Blog .
Eric has worked in the pro wrestling industry since 1995 as a ring announcer in ECW and a commentator / host on television , PPV , and home video .
Eric also hosted Pro Wrestling Radio on terrestrial radio from 1998 - 2009 .
Check out some of Eric 's work on his IMDB bio and Wikipedia .
Eric has an MBA from Temple University 's Fox School of Business .
More Posts - Website Follow Me :
There is a battle for America ’s behinds .
It is a fight over toilet paper : the kind that is blanket - fluffy and getting fluffier so fast that manufacturers are running out of synonyms for “ soft ” ( Quilted Northern Ultra Plush is the first big brand to go three ply and three adjective ) .
It ’s a menace , environmental groups say -- and a dark - comedy example of American excess .
The reason , they say , is that plush U.S. toilet paper is usually made by chopping down and grinding up trees that were decades or even a century old .
Environmentalists want Americans , like Europeans , to wipe with tissue made from recycled paper goods .
Advertisement
It has been slow going .
Big toilet - paper makers say that they ’ve taken steps to become more Earth - friendly but that their customers still want the soft stuff , so they ’re selling it .
This summer , two of the best - known combatants in this fight signed a truce , with a big tissue maker promising to do better .
But the larger battle goes on -- the ultimate test of how green Americans will be when nobody ’s watching .
“ At what price softness ? ” said Tim Spring , chief executive of Marcal Manufacturing , a New Jersey paper maker that is trying to persuade customers to try 100 % recycled paper .
“ Should I contribute to clear - cutting and deforestation because the big [ marketing ] machine has told me that softness is important ? ”
He added : “ You ’re not giving up the world here . ”
Advertisement
Toilet paper is far from being the biggest threat to the world ’s forests :
Together with facial tissue , it accounts for 5 % of the U.S. forest - products industry , according to industry figures .
Paper and cardboard packaging make up 26 % of the industry , although more than half is made from recycled products .
Newspapers account for 3 % .
But environmentalists say 5 % is still too much .
Felling these trees removes a valuable scrubber of carbon dioxide , they say .
If the trees come from “ farms ” in places such as Brazil , Indonesia or the southeastern United States , natural forests are being displaced .
If they come from Canada ’s forested north -- a major source of imported wood pulp -- ecosystems valuable to bears , caribou and migratory birds are being damaged .
And , activists say , there ’s just the foolish idea of the thing : old trees cut down for the briefest and most undignified of ends .
Advertisement
“ It ’s like the Hummer product for the paper industry , ” said Allen Hershkowitz , senior scientist at the Natural Resources Defense Council .
“ We do n’t need old - growth forests . . . to wipe our behinds . ”
The reason for this fight lies in toilet - paper engineering .
Each sheet is a web of wood fibers , and fibers from old trees are longer , which produces a smoother and more supple web .
Fibers made from recycled paper -- in this case magazines , newspapers or computer printouts -- are shorter .
The web often is rougher .
So , when toilet paper is made for the “ away from home ” market , the bathrooms in restaurants , offices and schools , manufacturers use recycled fiber about 75 % of the time .
But for the “ at home ” market , the paper that customers buy for themselves , 5 % at most is fully recycled .
The rest is mostly or totally virgin fiber , taken from newly cut trees , according to market analysis firm RISI Inc .
Advertisement
Big tissue makers say they ’ve tried to make their products as green as possible , including by buying more wood pulp from forest operations certified as sustainable .
But despite environmentalists ’ concerns , they say customers are unwavering in their desire for the softest paper possible .
“ That ’s a segment [ of consumers ] that is quite demanding of products that are soft , ” said James Malone , a spokesman for Georgia - Pacific .
Sales figures seem to make that clear : Quilted Northern Ultra Plush , the three - ply stuff , sold 24 million packages in the last year , bringing in more than $ 144 million , according to market research firm Information Resources Inc .
Advertisement
Last month , Greenpeace announced an agreement that it said would change this industry from the inside .
The environmental group had spent 4 1/2 years attacking Kimberly - Clark Corp. , the maker of Kleenex and Cottonelle toilet paper , for getting wood from old - growth forests in Canada .
But the group said it was calling off the “ Kleercut ” campaign : Kimberly - Clark had agreed to make its practices greener .
By 2011 , the company said , 40 % of the fiber in all its tissue products will come from recycled paper or sustainable forests .
“ We could have campaigned forever , ” said Lindsey Allen , a senior forest campaigner with Greenpeace .
But this was enough , she said , because Kimberly - Clark ’s changes could alter the entire wood - pulp supply chain : “ They have a policy that . . . will shift the entire way that tissue companies work . ”
Advertisement
--
Fahrenthold writes for the Washington Post .
An Indian man cut off his genitals in an attempt to join the country 's eunuchs and increase his begging income .
The man had been pleading for money on the Hindu festival of Diwali before going home and mutilating himself in Rajasthan state .
The 22 - year - old had been befriended by eunuchs and used to go begging with them at events like childbirths , marriages and festivals .
Family Law Attorney Representing Clients in Lake County
On top of being a lawyer , Julie Glade is also a registered nurse , so she offers a unique skillset to clients .
Our law firm represents clients throughout Lake County and Porter County in personal injury and family law cases .
Over 16 years of experience has taught Attorney Julie Glade how to pursue the best possible outcome in every case .
Lake County Personal Injury and Divorce Lawyer
Whether you need a lawyer for a car accident , or a family law matter , you deserve to be represented by a lawyer who understands the emotional as well as the legal aspects of your case .
Nurse - Attorney Serving the Legal Needs of Families in Northwest Indiana
I am Julie R. Glade , a personal injury and family law and divorce attorney serving clients in Lake County , Indiana , Valparaiso , Chesterton , Merrillville and across other areas of Northwest Indiana .
As a licensed attorney and a registered nurse , my career path has allowed me to develop a deeper empathy for my clients .
I have a heightened understanding of the medical and emotional aspects of their cases and form a relationship built on trust and respect with each of my clients .
For example :
My nursing training and experiences are beneficial in personal injury cases involving car accidents , slip and falls and wrongful death , where my client ’s injuries need to be properly analyzed , understood and demonstrated to an insurance adjuster , judge or jury .
In a child custody dispute , the judge may order the parents and children to undergo psychological evaluations .
My experience as a former mental health nurse allows me to interpret and present to the court those aspects of the evaluations that benefit my client ’s interests .
I also use this experience to understand the totality of the circumstances involved in complex family disputes ; this understanding allows me to identify effective strategies for my clients .
Whether you are looking for a conscientious Lake County family law attorney to negotiate a settlement in your divorce or family law case or a dedicated advocate who will stand up for your rights when your health and well - being are at stake in court , I am here to help .
Contact a Lake County Personal Injury or Family Law Attorney for an Initial Consultation
If you are in need of representation for a family law , or personal injury issue , you will need an experienced attorney helping you every step of the way .
I would be happy to evaluate your case if you give me the opportunity .
I have years of experience representing clients in cases involving divorce , child support , property division , personal injuries , child custody and visitation , and paternity issues .
Please schedule an initial appointment with me by placing a call to my law firm at ( 219 ) 736-0456 or filling out the form on this site .
My firm is located right off the intersection of W Lincoln Hwy & Taft St. near Southlake Mall and the Merrillville Branch of the Lake County Public Library , approximately 6 miles from the Griffith - Merrillville Airport .
Head east on E Main Street from Griffith - Merrillville Airport .
Turn right onto Chase Street , and then travel 0.5 miles before turning left onto W 57th Avenue .
Drive for 0.3 miles before turning right onto Cleveland Street , which will quickly turn into Taft Street .
Continue on this road for just under 3 miles before turning left onto 81st Avenue .
Make an immediate right turn onto W. 82nd Place , and turn left onto Polo Club Drive .
Make another left onto 81st Avenue .
After approximately 0.2 miles , you will see Cleveland Place .
Turn right onto this street , and you will see our law firm on the right .
Take the I - 94 Express E. from Chicago to get to Merrillville .
Follow the signs for Indiana , and take exit 11 for I - 65 S toward Indianapolis .
Merge onto I - 65 S , and take exit 253 for US - 30 toward Merrillville .
Turn right onto US - 30 and continue on this road for approximately 2 miles before turning right onto Cleveland Place .
Our team serves clients throughout Lake County and Porter County in Northwest Indiana .
See what our clients have to say by reading the Google Plus reviews for The Law Office of Julie R. Glade , RN , JD .
Do n’t waste any time –contact my firm today !
For East Bay Saturn dealer Inder Dosanjh , it finally is the end .
As the franchise representative for dealers in 15 Western states , he pushed as hard as anyone to keep Saturn alive .
But GM 's out - of - the - blue shutdown announcement Wednesday ended all hope .
" I was very surprised .
I was shocked , " said Dosanjh , who always believed the brand would survive even as its parent shriveled .
So what , or who , was the straw that finally broke Saturn 's back ?
I 'm told it was Nissan Motor Co. 's board of directors , which refused to sanction a deal to supply Saturn 's would - be savior , Roger Penske , with a line of new Saturns once Penske 's company , Penske Automotive Group , took the reins from GM .
Penske officials , explaining why they abruptly pulled the plug with GM , said a deal to make Saturn cars with another manufacturer , which it did not name , had been turned down by the manufacturer 's board of directors .
Penske was known to be talking with Renault - Nissan .
" This is very disappointing news and comes after months of hard work by hundreds of dedicated employees and Saturn retailers who tried to make the new Saturn a reality , GM CEO Fritz Henderson said in a written statement .
Heartfelt , I 'm sure , but it also makes for one less competitor in GM 's smaller world .
It 's also a sad coda for a brand that was especially popular in the Bay Area , and whose folksy , made - in - the - USA image was crafted by legendary San Francisco adman Hal Riney .
" It 's a sad day for Saturn , sad for its customers , for the dealers and for employees , " said Dosanjh .
" But we 're blessed that GM is still in business , " added Dosanjh , who like most other Saturn dealers has hedged his bets by incorporating other GM brands into their dealerships .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
Hole in the road : Somehow , California is going to have to come up with a way to pay back $ 794 million in federal highway trust funds , much of which has been committed to various projects up and down the state .
That 's the state 's portion of the $ 8.7 billion in highway trust funds subject to " rescission " nationwide as a result of Senate action , or inaction , late Wednesday .
The money is contained in the $ 500 billion federal surface transportation program .
However , the trust fund itself is short of money , and despite the best efforts of Sen. Barbara Boxer , chair of the Environment and Public Works Committee , alternative sources of funding could not be agreed upon with enough Senate Republicans .
So , while the overall program received a 30 - day extension on Wednesday - deadline day - the rescission stands .
This does not mean that projects that have already been committed to in California under an " obligation authority " will be stopped .
But it does put into question others on the drawing board , not to mention where local agencies will find the money to come up with the entire $ 794 million .
" This rescission will have a devastating effect on many state departments of transportation and reverse the positive gains brought about by ( federal stimulus money ) , " said John Horsley , executive director of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials .
Your stimulus dollars at work :
In case you have n't noticed , the $ 13.5 million San Francisco 's Department of Public Works received from the feds is being put to work all over the city , seeking to make the streets " a little less bumpy and take some of the strain off drivers in the city , " in the words of Mayor Gavin Newsom .
Think about how much relief you 're feeling as you attempt to navigate around Jones and Market streets , Geary Boulevard between 19th and 23rd avenues , and Divisadero Street in the lower Haight .
Coming this month and in November : Turk Street off Van Ness Avenue , Seventh Avenue off Lincoln Way and Bush Street , by Presidio Avenue .
The female of the species has a leg span of up to 5 inches ( 12 centimeters ) , while the male — which spends much of its time clambering on its partner 's back — barely reaches an inch ( 2.5 centimeters ) , a new study says .
Part of a well - known group of golden orb - weaver spiders — which can spin webs up to three feet ( one meter ) wide — N. komaci was first identified in a South African museum collection in 2000 .
But it was n't until a 2007 field survey , which discovered three individuals in South Africa 's Tembe Elephant Park , that scientists knew the spider still existed in the wild .
The newfound spider , detailed October 20 in the journal PLoS One , is the first addition to the Nephila genus since 1879 .
Largest Web - Spinner a Rarity
N. komaci is likely rare within its small habitats in South Africa and Madagascar , researchers say , and females are much less common than males .
Much is still unknown about the species ' biology , but study co-author and spider expert Jonathan Coddington suspects the female evolved her extreme size to thwart smaller predators and to be able to lay more eggs .
In addition , the males are " sort of fanatically monogamous " during their roughly one - year life spans , said Coddington , a senior scientist at the National Museum of Natural History in Washington , D.C .
When ready to mate , a male will usually make his move when the female is molting , he added .
" Her legs are soft and her body 's soft , and she can't prevent being inseminated by the male , " Coddington said .
" Once he 's inseminated her , he 'll break off his genitalia in hers , thereby plugging her up . "
The male , which is left sterile , then drives away other males until he dies .
This strategy should stymie other males ' mating attempts — though some females have been found with several dismembered male organs lodged inside them , he said .
A powerful hand - held weapon being developed by the Pentagon could end up in police hands , says a report in a UK science journal .
The Pentagon ’s Joint Non-Lethal Weapons Directorate has been developing the Thermal Laser System since 2005 , with the purpose of developing a weapon that could disperse crowds or incapacitate individuals by causing them to experience burning sensations in their skin .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to NewScientist magazine , the weapon has evolved into a rifle - mounted instrument , and there are plans for a hand - held model that could be used by police forces .
News of the possibility that police departments could obtain the burn weapon will likely concern civil - liberties advocates , who have been watching with alarm as the Taser conducted - energy weapon has gone into regular use in police forces across the United States .
As NewScientist notes , the weapon is still in the testing phase and kinks have yet to be worked out .
The Gizmag blog reported last week that “ the infrared [ rays ] of the Thermal Laser System can be blocked by clothing – fine if you ’re trying to subdue a group of nudists , but problematic otherwise . ”
NewScientist reports :
[ T]ests at the Air Force Research Laboratory ’s human effectiveness lab have established that the skin heating effect causes no permanent damage – suggesting it may have “ military utility ” .
The tests also highlighted areas in need of improvement before troops can use it , says lab manager Semih Kumru – though what those features are has not been revealed .
The proposed system is rifle mounted , with a sight above it and a visible low - power laser beam that the soldier uses to aim the invisible infrared laser .
The solid - state laser system is battery - powered , and could become hand - held “ in the near future ” …
“ I ’d like to know why they want another advanced pain compliance weapon like this , ” says Steve Wright , non-lethal weapons analyst at Leeds Metropolitan University in the UK .
“ Persuading by pain rather than brain – through conversation – has led to push - button torture in the past .
If it leaves no mark on the skin how will anyone prove it ’s been abused ? ”
The Secret World is an evocative , luxurious kind of title , a handful of words that conjure up a riddled sprawl of subterranean canals , dew - dropped gateways and darkened under - streets slotted in and around our own humdrum neighbourhoods and cities .
It promises a glimpse of a murkier , sexier kind of life that unfolds just out of reach , on the other side of the raindrops , perhaps , or tucked in somewhere behind the fireplace .
It practically bubbles with conspiracies , too , and we all love those - presumably because they allow you to believe that everything will make sense if you just stare at it long enough , that there 's a governing force at work , however malignant , and that it operates within a galaxy of rules and restrictions , unfailingly listening to a quiet heartbeat of cause and effect .
It all sounds a bit like a game , really .
Well , now it is one : an MMO designed by the cheerily unpredictable Ragnar Tornquist , creator of adventure games Dreamfall and The Longest Journey , and a man whose name suggests he belongs inside a fantasy universe - possibly smelting something nasty - rather than at the helm of one .
( You can read an interview with Tornquist elsewhere on the site . )
On the day I meet him at PAX , Tornquist finds himself in a secret world all of his own , wedged into a flimsy prefab alleyway threaded in amongst the slick bulk of Harmonix 's booth where someone appears to be administering an unforgivable shoeing to Eleanor Rigby .
" I never thought I 'd get tired of the Beatles , but f**king hell , " says Tornquist , speaking into a microphone even though I 'm about a foot away and one of only three other people in the room .
" And I was really looking forward to that game , " he sighs .
Well , I 'm still looking forward to his game at any rate , and not just because it was n't put together following close consultations with Yoko Ono .
Nobody 's seen much of The Secret World in the first two years of its development , however .
Early videos , particularly some brooding CGI of a knitwear - clad lady with fearsome highlights , made the game look grown - up and entirely non-traditional - actually , if you took away the shotguns and demons , it could have been an advert for an up - market Eastern skiwear manufacturer - but hard details have been scarce .
Tornquist 's dabbled with MMOs once before , with Funcom 's Anarchy Online .
That did n't have milkshakes and demons in it , however .
Today , Tornquist 's willing to pull back the curtain a little bit , and has a thick stack of PowerPoint slides to prove it .
He 's presenting one of the game 's central elements : the trio of secret societies at the heart of the narrative , the three major forces that have shaped his hidden back - stories .
But let 's wind things in a little to take stock of what we already know .
The Secret World tells the tale of magic - wielding heroes waging an underground war against " zombies , vampires , and that kind of thing " ( Tornquist 's words ) and is set within a dense muddle of conspiracy theories , old wives ' ramblings and urban legends .
An early teaser suggested that it might have room for all of them , in fact , reeling off everything from secret chambers discovered beneath Arctic wastelands , rumours of a massive cavity within Earth itself , Stonehenge , telepathy , Masonic links within the US government and , naturally , Atlantis .
If the development team had let the film run for another twenty seconds , they 'd probably have had enough room to connect Lord Lucan and Shergar to that time somebody leaked a pre-release PDF copy of Jamie 's Italian onto the internet , and even found the space to cram in a few Your Mom jokes to boot .
4:49 pm
Brennan Center for Justice
FOIA Lawsuit Seeks Bush - Era DOJ Opinion
4:48 pm
Free Press
Free Press : Berkman Study Shows Need for Better Broadband Policies
4:30 pm
Media Matters for America
CNN Runs Away From Its Dobbs Problem ... Again
3:52 pm
Equality California ( EQCA )
Diverse Coalition Re-Launches Multi-Million Dollar Education Campaign for the Freedom to Marry
3:49 pm
Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR )
Louisiana Court Battle Over Guantanamo Psychologist Continues Today
3:47 pm
Common Cause
Torture Whistleblowers Commended by Common Cause , President Carter and High - Ranking Military Officials
3:44 pm
Earthjustice
Committee Discusses Future of Clean Water
3:41 pm
Human Rights Watch ( HRW )
Uganda : ‘ Anti-Homosexuality ’ Bill Threatens Liberties and Human Rights Defenders
3:36 pm
Institute for Public Accuracy ( IPA )
" Wall Street Is Mocking Us "
WOULD cigarettes be as alluring if all brands came in the same plain grey packaging ?
Such standardisation could become mandatory following research showing that consumers are still taken in by subliminal packaging messages that lead them to think some brands are less harmful than others .
More than 40 countries have banned tobacco companies from advertising brands as “ mild ” or “ low tar ” following research showing they were all equally harmful .
To see whether more subtle packaging cues are influencing consumers , David Hammond and Carla Parkinson at the University of Waterloo in Ontario , Canada , created fictitious cigarette packets bearing …
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Lewis Hamilton gives BBC Sport a tour of McLaren 's Technology Centre in Woking and the duo revisit their gym challenge , much to Jake 's distress .
Ambre Lake from " Rock of Love " turned heads on Wednesday when she took her shirt off for gay marriage in front of a Mormon temple in L.A. -- and the cops were forced to intervene .
Ambre taped her mouth , scribbled " Legalize Gay " across her stomach , and then whipped her top off on Santa Monica Boulevard ... in front of the second biggest Mormon temple on the planet -- and it was all for a photo shoot in protest of California 's recent ban on gay marriage .
Size1 Speed2 Extensions3 UI Toolkits4 License Documentation5 Books6 55,9 KB
1300 - 1500 ms Plugins Yes GPL / MIT API / TUT / DMO Yes 65,0 KB 460 - 490 ms Plugins Yes MIT API / TUT / DMO Yes 79,6 KB 390 - 410 ms Widgets Yes AFL / BSD API / TUT / DMO Yes 126,0 KB 470 - 490 ms - No MIT API / TUT Yes 245,0 KB ?
Samples No MIT API / DMO Yes 78,8 KB ?
Samples Yes GPL API / TUT / DMO Yes 25,3 KB ?
Widgets No BSD API / DMO - 84,0 KB ?
Widgets No AL API / DMO - 16,9 KB ?
Widgets Beta BSD API / TUT / DMO
Yes
1 The size corresponds to the minified version of the main library ( basic functions without effects ) if there exists such a version .
2 The results have been determined with TaskSpeed and may vary according to your browser .
The differences are minor and could become noticeable in more complex projects only .
3 Extensions are complete applications which are available on the official website of a framework and can be used directly .
4A UI Toolkit offers user interface elements , which can be used for designing and developing interactive web applications .
5 The documentation is defined by API references ( API ) , tutorials ( TUT ) und demos ( DMO ) .
6 Date : September 2009
Yep , it 's official : the old school trend is over , and labels are kicking them out the door for $ 5 and up a CD .
I 've ordered from all three and trust them .
Sad to see the old school stuff go , because the nu-skool really sucks , but this means that something 's gonna replace the nu-skool with something that could be better .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
Is the housing bust over ?
Shares of Toll Brothers ( TOL ) , Hovnanian ( HOV ) and KB Home ( KBH ) and other builders have surged .
The exchange - traded fund that tracks the group has nearly doubled since March .
Home starts have risen for five straight months , while sales of new homes recently hit their highest level since last September .
Prices are up as well : the Case - Shiller index of national house prices rose 2.9 % in the second quarter , ending a three - year decline .
These signs -- as well as anecdotal reports about house shoppers growing more willing to write a deposit check -- have executives at homebuilding firms declaring the worst is over .
" We believe declining cancellations and more solid demand indicate that the housing market is stabilizing , " Toll Brothers chief executive officer Bob Toll said this month in a conference call with investors and analysts .
But housing boosters have forecast turnarounds repeatedly since the market peaked in 2006 , only to be proved wrong by plunging prices .
And skeptics say they 're wrong again now .
They argue that a deeply indebted consumer , a weak job market , expiring incentives and rising foreclosures spell a quick end to any housing rebound .
" We 're entering the phase where the homeowner has to earn his way out of this mess , " said Mark Hanson , who runs a California real estate research firm .
" This summer is shaping up as the gateway into the next move down . "
Sales shift
Hanson attributes the much - ballyhooed recent house price gains to a shift in the types of properties changing hands .
Earlier this year , as many as half of all transactions nationally were resales of foreclosed properties , largely at low prices .
Since then , so - called organic sales ( those not involving distressed properties ) have risen while foreclosure sales have remained stable .
This improved mix -- together with cheap financing and a couple of popular tax incentives -- helped to revive prices in some hard - hit areas .
Thus , house prices in California have risen for three straight months , according to data provider MDA DataQuick .
Foreclosure sales there have dropped to about a third of recent transactions from a high of 57 % earlier this year .
But with schools opening up again and the summer home - selling season winding down , sales by nondistressed sellers are likely to fall in coming months , Hanson said .
Adding to the pressure on prices , the end is in sight ( or already here ) for some popular housing subsidies .
An $ 8,000 federal tax credit for first - time home buyers is due to sunset in December .
A $ 10,000 California tax credit for buyers of newly constructed houses expired last month .
Prime problems
Another concern is that the housing woes appear to be spreading well beyond the questionable borrowers who were at the center of the first stage of the financial crisis .
While many mortgage defaults in 2007 and 2008 stemmed from frauds perpetrated at the height of the bubble , a greater share of problems now are being driven by the weak job market .
That 's evident in the fact that more so - called prime borrowers -- those with the best credit histories -- are falling behind on their payments .
Prime fixed - rate mortgages now account for about a third of foreclosure starts , according to the Mortgage Bankers Association .
MBA chief economist Jay Brinkmann said in a statement earlier this month this is " a sign that mortgage performance is once again being driven by unemployment . "
Some 44 % of prime borrowers fell behind on payments last year because they lost a job or income .
That 's up from 36 % in 2006 , according to data from Freddie Mac .
Other numbers bode ill for a housing recovery as well .
The inventory of houses for sale has come down from a recent peak but remains " high on a historical basis , " Office of Thrift Supervision economist Sharon Stark said this month .
" The supply of homes continues to be a drag on home prices and the ability for home prices to recover , " she added .
An orgy of homebuilding over the past decade has driven vacancy rates higher .
The Census Bureau said 14.3 % of rental and owner - occupied housing units were vacant in the second quarter , compared with 9.7 % a decade ago .
And Hanson said the pace of foreclosures could soon accelerate as mortgage servicers catch up on foreclosures they have delayed while grappling with new mortgage modification guidelines .
" There could be a big wall of foreclosures once the servicers get running again , " he said .
Even Toll , who was talking about housing markets " dancing on the bottom or slightly above that " as long ago as December 2006 , has been saying lately that the homebuilders could use a hand -- from taxpayers , of course .
Toll said on a conference call Aug. 12 that the government should consider a Cash for Clunkers type plan for the housing market : giving consumers a rebate to scrap an old home and buy a new one .
Toll argued that a four - month program that offered people $ 15,000 vouchers for new home construction could " put twice as many people to work , twice as fast as what 's being done with the auto industry . "
It wo n't be a shocker if Toll finds some takers in Congress for that one , given the growing jobless rolls across the nation .
But legislators might first want to consider how effective such a plan might be .
" It took 10 years to create this problem , " said Hanson .
" Do people really believe we can correct it all in 36 months ? "
Have you recently been laid off ?
Lost most of your retirement or college savings in the stock market ?
Dealt with the loss of the family breadwinner with no life insurance ?
If you 've been confronted with some challenge during this recession and would like to have an expert review your situation , send us an email and you could be profiled in an upcoming segment on CNN .
IT ’S not easy being the emissary from the digital world in Amish country .
For two weeks this summer , Jessica Best , a 22 - year - old journalist from Wales , fell into that role as the intern at The Budget of Sugarcreek , Ohio , a weekly that is the largest newspaper serving the Amish .
Her self - assigned task , supported by a traveling scholarship from the Welsh Livery Guild , was to study The Budget ’s transition to the Internet and the willingness of the Amish to accept that transition .
It led , she said , to many a friendly , if awkward , conversation , some of which she chronicled in a blog written from Sugarcreek .
There was the Amish man where she was a houseguest who asked her what an “ ip - id ” was .
“ He had read about an iPod , ” she explained .
“ I wish I had had mine with me to show him . ”
Her experiences taught her a general rule : “ it is difficult to explain a Web site to someone who has n’t seen one . ”
Rune Evensen / European Pressphoto Agency
Being downsized stinks , as the millions of Americans who ’ve been canned in the past year know .
My own employment debacle involved getting laid off , getting another gig , losing that one , then getting and losing another and another as each company I found employment with went out of business in the tanking economy , almost on cue as I arrived .
It seemed like a sick joke .
But I was n’t laughing .
I ’m a musician and writer and have n’t had a “ real job ” since 1988 , though in lean times I did paint apartments and once sang “ Blue Suede Shoes ” dressed as the ’ 68 Elvis at a Korean birthday party .
Gigs were n’t too hard to get when I wanted them because I play a few instruments and know the words and music to something like 3,000 songs comprised of blues , jazz , classic rock , rockabilly , standards , Broadway , television commercials , novelty music and my own stuff .
Rap ’s O.K. with me ; ditto hip - hop and salsa .
The only music I never really got into was metal .
That is , until my personal economy collapsed .
As a lifelong gun - for - hire , I had been used to , and O.K. with , not knowing what tomorrow would bring .
I could live creatively on little dough if necessary and managed to get to India , Bali , Maui , Kazakhstan , Mexico , Central Park Summerstage and anywhere else adventure , fun or a story or gig awaited .
But I had also gotten used to the steady , healthy paycheck of the daily columnist ’s job I ’d accepted at a newspaper in 2006 .
Though I was still technically a freelancer , without benefits , vacation or a contract , the assignment afforded me perks galore , massively amped my writing chops and paid me quadruple what I ’d been used to making in a year .
I had , I thought , arrived , six years after deciding to make a living with words and music .
I opened a Roth I.R.A. , banked half my paycheck each week , bought my wife an iPod for Valentine ’s day , fixed my front teeth , finished the album I ’d been recording since 2004 and recorded another disc in 2008 with a producer and eight musicians .
If I met a homeless person whose tale of woe moved me , I might give him a ten after talking to them .
That ’s how good things were .
But in September 2008 , a supervisor at the paper sat me down and said , “ The company is hemorrhaging money .
We ca n’t afford to pay you anymore . ”
They could n’t afford to pay another 50 people in the newsroom , either .
Two weeks later , I cleared out my desk and pocketed a letter of reference from the deputy publisher .
At least I had n’t been fired for incompetence , I told myself .
And I ’d saved more than six months ’ salary , as the experts said you should .
But it was still a monumental shock , the end of a very exciting period of life , and it shook me like a death .
My father , also a writer , had died suddenly almost exactly two years before .
Losing my job felt familiar to that life - shattering event ; disbelief , panic , grief , and immediate action required .
I told no one except my immediate family what had happened .
Two weeks later , I secured a writing job with another company , for less work and better money .
Way to go , I thought — that ’s hittin ’ ‘em , kid .
That company folded within a month , laying off dozens .
As winter rolled on , three magazines I used to write for went out of business , and each first of the month brought a gasp and gulp as I saw the numbers in my bank account plunge .
I fought back , of course .
I had n’t spent five months meditating in an Indian ashram for nothing .
I talked , wrote , baked , yelled , bawled , laughed , shared and kept on e-mailing , calling , networking and seeking paying work of any kind .
But I ’m not a winter guy .
No matter what else is going on in my life , if the sun is out and it ’s 70 degrees , the possibilities are endless .
During the freezing days and nights of January , February and March of 2009 , I began waking up before dawn , nauseated .
Soon , fear , doubt , self - pity and resistance to facts boiled down into a ball of almost - constant frustration and anger .
I found a therapist , thankfully covered by my wife ’s insurance , and tore a rotator cuff smashing a giant cloth cube with a bat in the doctor ’s office .
The shoulder healed but I felt no better mentally and emotionally after two months of weekly sessions , so I quit .
What I wanted was paying work .
Without that , there was n’t anything to talk about .
I started taking it personally .
My situation seemed no less than a betrayal from God or Zeus or Yahweh or whoever takes care of what ca n’t be seen to by human efforts .
One freezing day in March , Emerson , Lake and Palmer ’s version of Alberto Ginastera ’s “ Toccata ” came on my iPod .
I had n’t listened to this song since I was a teen .
For some reason , “ Toccata ” compelled me as never before , especially the intense , frenetic , pounding ending .
Intense . Frenetic .
Pounding .
I sent a drummer friend an e-mail : “ What is , in your opinion , the absolute heaviest , banging - est , most insane , loudest , stupidest music of all time ? ”
“ What a great question , ” he replied .
“ My answer for you is the 1986 classic album by Slayer “ Reign in Blood . ”
It ’s the greatest album ever made .
If you need any more help , let me know .
666 . ”
I downloaded “ Reign in Blood ” and waited to listen until I could give the album my complete attention later that day .
The first song was “ Angel of Death . ”
I was carried off into a boiling sonic river of brutal , obscene , blasphemous noise that blasted me like a cannon out of my depressed cave and directly into the fury I was experiencing each waking day .
For the next three weeks , all other music disappeared from my world .
I listened to “ Piece by Piece ” as I dropped off to sleep at night , and the first thing I did in the morning , en route to the john , was cue up “ Angel of Death . ”
Any gap of spare time during the day , no matter how small , was filled with “ Post Mortem , ” “ Epidemic , ” “ Jesus Saves ” and especially “ Raining Blood . ”
Every other type of music seemed silly , trivial , light and useless .
I did n’t bother listening very closely to the lyrics , either , despite my lifelong Ira Gershwin obsession .
In fact , the less I could understand , the better .
All I connected with were the screams .
After 30 days of Slayer saturation , I downloaded a blizzard of Death Metal onto a single iPod ; 171 songs .
Pantera .
Anthrax .
Venom .
Cannibal Corpse . Devil Driver .
If I previewed a band at iTunes and there was n’t a WARNING : EXPLICIT label there or the tempo was n’t insanely fast , I was n’t interested .
Something was happening beyond the mind , the emotions and the circumstances .
Music , for the first time in my life , was penetrating my body and shaking it .
The force of Death Metal moved me out of my mind and into my arms , legs , head and belly .
It compelled me to pull over in the car and bang the steering wheel , to run faster and farther in the freezing cold , to lift more weights and smash the heavy bag at the gym with renewed ferocity , and massively upped the intensity in everything I said , did and felt .
It also made me feel powerful enough to fight back against the injustice the world had delivered to me , to meet and embrace that inner demon who had always been told , since I was a little boy , “ Smile . ” “ Be nice . ” “ Look at the bright side . ” “ Be reasonable . ” “ Do n’t be angry . ” Death Metal did n’t smile , was n’t nice and there was no bright side to it .
By going into my fear and anger via music , I did n’t damage myself or anyone else , and I was able to face each day again .
I kept jabbing and punching furiously back at the world , at depression and rage and that low - down , no - good , rotten son of a bitch , Unemployment .
Finally , the S.O.B. fell .
Spring came , and I got a licensing deal from a music publishing company for the disc I ’d completed in 2007 , then another , similar deal for the other CD with another publishing company .
Things started loosening up : a job here , a job there .
Finally , I was able to make the monthly bills from new checks instead of once again hemorrhaging savings , and I got to go to Paris to write a travel article for a new magazine in July .
On my first day there , I rose at dawn , walked to the Eiffel Tower , stood directly under it , cued up “ Angel of Death ” on my iPod and pictured Nazi tanks rolling through .
A nightmare that did n’t last , I thought .
Like mine .
Two weeks ago , I accepted a year ’s contract writing for a media organization .
Zeus had n’t dropped me , I finally figured out .
He ’d just handed me off to the devil for a few months .
.
Josh Max is a writer , performer and songwriter based in Manhattan .
He is writing a memoir about his adventures in ashrams and communes , “ Confessions of an Ex - Seeker . ”
His Web site is JoshMax.com .
Adelanta vocero de la Casa Blanca : no esperamos anunciar nada grande en estos días
Será Napolitano y no Clinton quien acompañe a Obama ; no se hablará de camiones ni de visas
A Calgarian who is visually impaired was being charged for new technology that is supposed to be free .
The Apple iPhone comes with VoiceOver software that is designed to help blind customers use the product .
" The VoiceOver for the apple product is superior to almost any accessibility software out there right now , " says Lee Veitch .
At this point , Rogers is the only store licenced to sell iPhones in Canada .
Veitch went to buy one but was told by a store employee there would be a $ 15 / month fee to get the phone to function with the software .
CTV
News contacted Apple about the charge and was told the software is supposed to be included with the phone at no extra cost .
Advocates for the visually impaired are upset by the idea that the blind are expected to pay extra for a feature they require .
" It should be an equal playing field for everyone , why should n't everything be accessible , why should n't it be free , " says Steve Brown from Voice Print .
Rogers says the software should be free and it never intended to charge visually impaired people for the feature .
" I think the staff was going on an assumption this was an application form the Apple Store , which normally you have to pay for except for those free applications , " says Odette Coleman , the director of regional communications for Rogers .
" The customer was given the wrong information and we apologize for that . "
Rogers says it will be informing staff across the country that the VoiceOver software should come at no charge to customers .
As one of its very first promises after the inaugural showing of Aretha Franklin 's huge hat last Jan. 20 , the Obama Democratic administration promised to close the terrorist - housing facility in Guantanamo Bay within one year .
They 're not going to make that deadline , Obama officials now admit .
A big problem is where to put these fellows who want to kill Americans enmasse .
The last Bush administration deemed communist Cuba a good spot .
Members of Congress have not exactly been jumping up and down waving their hands to bring those guys to their home states .
But on Fox News Sunday this Sunday , Dianne Feinstein , the ex-mayor and veteran California Democrat and Intelligence Committee chairman was asked if she'd be OK with those hardened terrorists being moved from the isolated maximum security detention facility in Cuba to a maximum security place in her state , the nation 's most populous , and she said , " Yes . "
Her co-guest , Republican Sen. Kit Bond of Missouri did not think Missouri was a good spot .
He worries that terrorist prisoners will recruit new followers from an American prison population .
But the Missouri too was OK with California .
Here 's the video proof :
-- Andrew Malcolm
If you do n't want Guantanamo prisoners living in your home , click here .
You 'll also get Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot
by Unity
On last night ’s Question Time , Nick Griffin twice made the claim that his father , former Conservative councillor Edgar Griffin , had served in the RAF during World War II .
Griffin ’s exact comments were :
Finally my father was in the RAF during the second World War while Mr Straw ’s father was in prison for refusing to fight Adolf Hitler .
“ Mr Straw was attacking me and I ’ve been relentlessly attacked over the last few days , my father was in the RAF during the second World War , I am not a Nazi .
I never have been . ”
However , yesterday ’s Suffolk Evening Star carried an interview with Griffin ’s father in which its stated that :
Mr Griffin , who moved to Suffolk shortly after Nick was born in Hertfordshire in 1959 , joined the Conservative Party when he returned from two years national service with the RAF in India .
Although the reintroduction of conscription into the armed forces was reintroduced , in 1939 , by the National Service ( Armed Forces )
Act service during World War II , and in any armed conflict , is always referred to as either ‘ War Service ’ or ‘ Military Service ’ .
The term ‘ National Service ’ did not come into use until 1948 , three years after the end of World War II and ceased to be used , at all , with the end of conscription in 1960 .
If , as the Evening Star ’s article suggests , Griffin ’s father undertook National Service , rather than War Service or Military Service , then he cannot have served in the RAF in World War II .
UPDATE – THE PLOT THICKENS
First things first – we can rule out the suggestion that Griffin ’s father served in the RAF in India under , specifically , National Service ( i.e. later than 1947 )
The one concrete fact that I have been able to establish is Edgar Griffin was in the UK on 13 May 1947 , the date on which he was invested a Freemason in Barnet .
Given that RAF AHQ India was disbanded on 15 August 1947 , this would preclude Edgar Griffin serving in India during the period of National Service , which would indicate that he was in India at some point during the period from 1945 - 47 .
As far as wartime RAF activity in India , by the beginning of 1945 the majority of RAF India squadrons were operating from forward bases in Burma , but for two squadrons based on Cox ’s Bazaar and one base at Kumira , near Chittagong in what is , today Bangladesh .
What we also have , via Cath in comments , is a 2001 article from the Independent which gives this description of Edgar Griffin ’s time in the RAF .
Edgar Griffin served in the dying days of the British Raj in India , in charge of 20 local aircraft mechanics .
“ I got on very well with them , ” he says .
“ The Indian ladies also used to invite us to tea and were most kind to us . ”
How , he asks , could he possibly be racist with such a splendid record of racial integration ?
On the basis of that description , if Griffin was in India with the RAF before the end of WWII ( August 1945 ) then its highly unlikely that he was stationed with any of the RAF squadrons that played an active part in the final stages of the Burma Campaign .
The brief picture that the Indy paints is , however , consistent with the ‘ Indianisation ’ of those elements of RAF AHQ India that were due to be transferred to the Royal Indian Air Force on India becoming an independent state in August 1947 . , during which British personnel trained their Indian counterparts to take over control of the airforce .
Now it gets very interesting because this helps us to date Griffin ’s service in the RAF in India specifically to 1946 – before that things remain uncertain – which could place Griffin ’s father into some very interesting historical events .
Churchill , as is well known , was implacably opposed to Indian independence and even after the 1945 General Election , the new Attlee government resisted moves towards independence .
This stance began to change in January 1946 , when RAF servicemen stationed in India mutinied – they actually went on strike – in protest at the slow pace of demobilisation and the use of British shipping facilities for transporting American G.I.s , although papers released later , under the 30 year rule indicate that the government were deliberately keeping troops in India to control civil unrest should this break out in connection with the independence movement .
This mutiny / strike helped to precipitate the Bombay Mutiny of February 1946 which , in turn , led to the British Cabinet Mission 0f 1946 and to an agreement that India would become an independent state in 1947 .
The Indianisation of the facilities and aircraft of RAF AHQ India could therefore not have started until May 1946 .
That leaves a couple of sizeable but as yet unanswered questions .
Edgar Griffin was born in 1922 , and would have been 17 years old at the start of WWII and ordinarily would have been eligible for conscription at the age of 18 unless he declared himself a conscientious objector , as Jack Straw ’s father did , entered a reserved occupation – and many conscientious objectors took that route out of military service to avoid the stigma of being openly labelled a ‘ conshie ’ – became a clergyman , or was deemed medically or mentally unfit for service .
By 1942 , when he would have been 21 , he would have been eligible not only for conscription but for a posting overseas .
Yet , it would appear that Edgar Griffin may no have entered military service until 1945 – so what exactly was he doing during the other five years of the war when he could easily have been called up ?
Then there ’s business of his actual service history , where Griffin claims to have served for two years but was also definitely back in England by May 1947 and could , therefore , have left India no later than April 1947 in order to make the four week journey , by sea , via the Suez canal .
If we take this two years as accurate , then Edgar Griffin must have been in India by April 1945 at the latest ( which means that he did manage to serve in the RAF for all of four months of WWII ) but also that he must have been stationed in India in January 1946 , during the time of the RAF mutiny , which began at an base near Karachi but , according to a Channel 4 Secret History documentary broadcast in 1996 , spread to 60 bases , including bases in Ceylon ( Sri Lanka ) , Burma and Singapore – the Air Ministry , however , only ever admitted to 22 bases having gone on strike .
So was Edgar Griffin , perhaps , one of the RAF mutineers ?
Right now , we ca n’t be sure because we lack access to the kind of military records that would enable us to fill in the blanks although what we can say is that Griffin ’s my dad was in the RAF jibe at Jack Straw looks likely to be considerably less impressive , once the facts are known , than Nick Griffin would like us to believe .
Edgar Griffin was certainly not a pilot , does not appear to have seen service anywhere near the front - line , even if he was stationed in India while the Burma campaign was still under way and may even have taken part in the second largest mutiny in the history of the British Armed Forces , one topped only by the Indian rebellion of 1857 .
NATIONAL SERVICE
To reiterate the point about the date on which National Service began the British Armed Force and National Service website notes that :
The requirement for a peacetime force larger than that made possible by purely voluntary recruitment led the post - war Labour Government to move towards establishing a national service system in 1946 .
The National Service Act was passed in July 1947 after considerable opposition from some Labour and Liberal politicians .
The Act was to come into force at the beginning of 1949 .
The Act initially required a period of one year to be served in the Armed Forces followed by a liability for a possible five years in the Reserve .
Financial crises , the advent of the Cold War and the Malaya emergency led to the National Service Amendment Act in December 1948 , increasing the period of service to 18 months .
This enabled National Servicemen to be used more efficiently and effectively , particularly overseas .
The demands of the Korean War ( 1950 - 1953 ) led to the length of service being extended to two years , surpassing even the Service Chiefs ’ original wishes .
Liability to further service in the Reserve was reduced with each of these extensions .
The period of service remained at two years until the end of National Service .
So the earliest date at which Griffin ’s father could have joined the RAF under National Service , and served two years , was around 1950 .
by Len Tingle
Editor , Politics Show Yorkshire , Lincolnshire & the North Midlands
Gordon Brown says he was never happy with the way licensing rules were relaxed to allow 24 hour drinking .
He plans new powers for local councils to curb opening hours in towns and cities where it had created problems .
The Prime Minister praised Yorkshire 's Street Angels who have just launched their tenth project in the region .
He was speaking after meeting Street Angel volunteers who help drunken people on the streets at weekends .
Angel 's police blessing
York has become the tenth urban area in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire where the Christian - based Street Angels volunteer groups help people they find drunk on the streets get home safely .
Alcohol related admissions , 2006 / 07 ( North Yorks & York PCT ) York 1,270 , up 8 % Richmondshire 1,252 , up 12 % Hambleton 1,311 , up 15 %
Equipped with high visibility jackets and personal radios the Street Angels mount patrols on Friday and Saturday nights .
With the blessing of local police the volunteers avoid any possible violent confrontation but claim simply being there has also helped reduce street crime .
Brown 's mixed blessing
On a visit to Yorkshire Gordon Brown said he had met members of the Street Angels and they were doing a valuable job .
An Angel meets a devil on the streets of Bradford
In an interview for the BBC's Politics Show the Prime Minister insisted longer opening hours had not caused problems everywhere .
In some areas he said the problem of drunken rowdiness on the streets has been reduced by cutting the numbers leaving clubs and bars at the same time .
Mr Brown was speaking on the day that new research shows hospital admissions caused by " alcohol related harm " are rising fast .
The respected research group the North West Health Observatory forecast annual admissions rising to a million within two years unless action to curb binge drinking is taken .
Submitted by Planet Yelnick
I do n't follow gold much , not being a goldbug and finding a lot of the gold commentary at the fringe of financial sensibility .
And the ads for buying gold on talk radio are almost as annoying as the Technorati ' teeth ' ads you see on a lot of low - traffic web / blog sites .
Sure , a return to a gold - back currency would right a lot of what is wrong with the economic ship of state , but it is not in the cards right now , despite a push by China and the BRIC nations for it , and the rumors of a November deadline looming for China to continue to buy Treasuries .
( If I were Bernanke , I would call their bluff on that . )
But sometimes gold as a trade gets interesting , and we may be at such a moment .
Yves sent me the attached chart with a few comments .
His fundamental view is gold should drop due to deflation .
If you doubt deflation is with us , check out the second chart in this recent post .
Yves ' chart suggests a wave 3 UP is upon us , gold having run up a bit already today .
Similarly , the Prechter view is a serious drop in gold as deflation picks up , but their wave count also suggest an UP wave right now .
The STU on Monday showed a chart of an ABC correction in gold with an alt count of ending a triangle B wave , and now starting a sharp spike up in wave C. A break of $ 972 confirms that gold will run fast towards $ 1050 - 1100 / oz .
We got to $ 955 spot today , but over $ 978 in Dec gold futures .
Neely has had his aggressive traders in gold , and is now lightening up a bit , but also expects the run to continue in a gold panic , a " feeding frenzy " as the goldbugs rush in to avoid missing the big move .
( Note : in markets , there is not fear and greed , only fear ; greed is fear of falling behind .
A buying panic is a moment of fear . )
Now , normally the USD and Gold are inversely related , and the USD has been in a bottoming process rather than a fall , with an upwards bias ; yet gold is spiking .
Question is where is it coming from ?
Sentiment for gold remains essentially neutral .
Let me speculate that it is coming out of Asia .
The China Bubble has burst and the SSEE is down around 25 % in a month , with apparently more to go ( at least below 2000 if not down to 1000 , where the parabolic rise began ) .
The Chinese government has been buying gold for the past six months ( at least ) , and I suspect the middle class in China is rushing in for a safe haven against the equities collapse and likely real estate crash to follow .
The recent rise in Copper may also have the same roots , of China rolling its long - term Treasuries into shorter terms , and then stockpiling commodities , including gold .
Whatever the cause , the wave structure is predicting a gold buying panic that will drive gold over $ 1000 .
Watch and see if it is correctly gauging the psychology of a buying panic .
ATHENS ( Reuters ) - Greece ’s Socialists , who campaigned on a promise to inject a 3 billion euro ( $ 4.36 billion ) stimulus package into the economy , have won Sunday ’s national election with enough seats to form a government .
Following are comments from analysts .
MARKO MRSNIK , ANALYST , STANDARD & POOR’S
“ Greece ’s sovereign credit ratings , while unaffected by the election outcome , will depend on post-election policy choices .
Against the background of repetitive budgetary slippages by consecutive governments , it remains to be seen whether the resolve to address the challenge will result in implementation of a credible budgetary strategy .
This would include an increased focus on primary expenditure discipline to put public finances on a sound footing as well as improve the prospects for the long - term sustainability of public finances , by addressing the budgetary impact of aging through structural reforms .
If the new government were to lay out a clear , credible , and sustainable agenda to reinvigorate those reforms , and if it demonstrates its effectiveness in implementing that agenda , this could eventually benefit the sovereign ratings . ”
ANTHONY LIVANIOS , POLITICAL ANALYST
“ Voters gave a clear , strong mandate to ( PASOK leader ) George Papandreou , who will now have adequate power to fight the crisis .
There is no if , there is no grey area .
New Democracy suffered its worst loss in its history for three reasons .
Its economic program did not convince people , its political campaign was focused on right - wing voters in order to block leaks to LA.O.S , but LA.O.S increased its strength vis-a - vis New Democracy . ”
DIEGO ISCARO , IHS GLOBAL INSIGHT
“ In order to pass the reforms the country needs to manage the economy in a more efficient way , it is positive that one party has got a majority in parliament .
I ’m not quite sure how the markets will take PASOK ’s view on fiscal policies .
That ’s the one question mark I have .
They were talking about injecting more money in the economy , which I ’m not quite sure is a good idea ( when ) we are expecting fiscal deficits to be about 5 percent of GDP this year . ”
SERAPHIM SEFERIADES , ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF POLITICAL SCIENCES AT THE PANTEION UNIVERSITY
“ PASOK wo n’t have a long period of grace .
This percentage ... is more the consequence of New Democracy ’s collapse than a victory for PASOK .
These voters wo n’t forgive it if it does n’t respond immediately to the social and the economic problems the country faces and this could result to social tension . ”
THEODOROS KOULOUBIS , PROFESSOR OF INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS AT THE UNIVERSITY OF ATHENS
“ If PASOK were to manage 151 to 155 seats , then it will govern .
With respect to foreign policy I do n’t expect any dramatic departure from existing policies because there is more or less a consensus between the two major parties regarding the Euro - Atlantic orientation of the country ; vis-a - vis Turkey ; vis -a - vis the issue of the name of FYROM ( the former Yugoslav republic of Macedonia ) .
With respect to domestic policy , there I see two different philosophies but fundamentally , given the constraints both parties are facing if they were to govern , they cannot depart very much from a policy that would fall in the average of the European Union members .
The main concerns are of course the budget deficit , public debt , unemployment and ways and means to re-energize the economy .
We ’ll have to wait and see the people that Mr Papandreou will select for his cabinet . ”
PANAGIOTIS DIMITROPOULOS , TREASURER MILLENNIUM
BANK -GREECE
“ A parliamentary majority means we will have political stability ahead .
If the final tally gives socialists 155 seats , that ’s a pretty decent majority .
The new government will have a mandate to go to Brussels and ask for more time to get Greece out of the excessive deficit procedure .
With a majority in parliament one uncertainty factor is out of the way .
I expect the outcome to be on the positive side as regards bond spreads .
How well received it will be remains to be seen . ”
NIKOS MAGGINAS , ECONOMIST AT GREECE’S NATIONAL BANK
“ The main challenge for the new government will be to submit a credible budget and a realistic timetable for reducing fiscal imbalances .
If exit polls are confirmed , we have a strong absolute majority which satisfies the market .
The markets , with bond markets on top , had discounted an absolute majority , so we do n’t expect any particular movements in the bond markets . ”
TAKIS ZAMANIS , CHIEF TRADER BETA SECURITIES
“ Exit polls show an absolute majority will most likely be achieved , this is something very positive for the stock exchange because it means there will be no period of political instability .
An absolute majority means ... that a new government , in cooperation with Brussels , will take the necessary measures to consolidate the economy .
I believe that the stock market will open up tomorrow if the exit polls are confirmed . ”
SEBASTIAN WANKE , ECONOMIST AT DEKABANK
“ It is a good thing that it looks like there will be a clear , absolute majority in the Greek parliament .
Clear political conditions are essential .
I just hope that the new majority is sufficiently aware of the fact that public finances need to get under control and that the new government will take decisive steps to achieve that .
Obviously , having 155 seats would serve that purpose much better than just 151 or 152 . ”
ALEXANDER MORAITAKIS , PRESIDENT OF GREEK BROKERS ASSOCIATION SMEHA
“ The election outcome will likely be well - received by markets .
Not because they have a preference between the two parties but because a new government with a parliamentary majority will have a fresh mandate to pursue its program over a four - year term . ”
The previous government had a de facto time limit , it was certain to face elections in March .
The new government will negotiate better terms , more time , with the EU to bring down the deficit .
I do not expect there will be an impact on yield spreads of Greek government bonds over core European benchmark bonds .
Pretty much all European governments face similar problems . ”
COSTAS YFANTIS , PROFESSOR OF INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS , UNIVERSITY OF ATHENS
“ If PASOK has an absolute majority the government will be more secure and daring in taking measures that wo n’t be pleasant and wo n’t meet the expectations it has created . ”
Alan Grayson hit back today at the Republicans who said he should apologize for his biting attack against them .
He got honest about the Republican plan for health care reform : " Do n't get sick .
That 's right , do n't get sick . "
That has them screaming .
Well , how quickly they forget what they 've been saying about Obamacare .
Stuff like the phony death panels and let 's kill Grandma .
That kind of stuff .
Here 's what Grayson had to say in response to the whining .
Grayson :
Last night here in this chamber I gave a speech .
I ’m not going to recount every single thing that I said , but I will point out that immediately after that speech , several Republicans asked me to apologize .
Well , I would like to apologize .
I would like to apologize to the dead .
And here ’s why .
According to this study , “ Health Insurance and Mortality in U.S. Adults ” which was published two weeks ago , 44,789 Americans die every year because they have no health insurance .
That ’s right , 44,789 Americans die every year , according to this Harvard study called “ Health Insurance and Mortality in U.S. Adults . ”
You can see it by going to our website , grayson.house.gov .
That is more than ten times the number of Americans who have died in the war in Iraq .
It ’s more than ten times the number of Americans who died in 9/11 .
But that was just once : this is every single year .
That ’s right : every single year .
Take a look at this .
Read it and weep .
And I mean that – read it and weep because of all these Americans who are dying because they do n’t have health insurance .
Now I think we should do something about that , and the Democratic health care plan does do something about that .
It makes health care affordable for those who ca n’t afford insurance , and it saves these peoples ’ lives .
Let ’s remember that we should care about people even after they ’re born .
So I call upon the Democratic members of the House , I call upon the Republican members of the House , I call upon all of us to do our jobs for the sake of America – for the sake of those dying people and their families .
I apologize to the dead and their families that we have n’t voted sooner to end this holocaust in America .
Wow , simply amazing .
The attacks are coming fast and furious on Grayson ...
Ryan Grim writes this for Huffington Post : Despite Outrage , Many House Republicans Have Said Dem Health Care Will Kill People
By contrast , charges that the opposition 's health care plan will kill people have been about as common on the House floor lately as resolutions naming post offices .
Take Rep. Ginny Brown - Waite ( R - Fla . ) , who said in July : " Last week , Democrats released a health care bill which essentially said to America 's seniors : drop dead . "
Or Rep. Paul Broun ( R - Ga. ) , a doctor , who reviewed the public health insurance option in July and diagnosed that it is " gonna kill people . "
Rep. Virginia Foxx ( R - N.C. ) , not one to pull punches , suggested on the House floor that Congress " make sure we bring down the cost of health care for all Americans and that ensures affordable access for all Americans and is pro-life because it will not put seniors in a position of being put to death by their government . "
July was a busy time for House floor death sentences .
Also that month , Rep. Louie Gohmert ( R - Texas ) , noted : " One in five people have to die because they went to socialized medicine ... I would hate to think that among five women , one of 'em is gonna die because we go to socialized care . "
Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa ) had a similar assessment .
" They 're going to save money by rationing care , getting you in a long line .
Places like Canada , United Kingdom , and Europe .
People die when they 're in line , " he said on the House floor in July .
So far , none of the members of Congress who made such charges have apologized .
The Republicans had eight years of uninterrupted rule to overhaul our health - care system and did nothing except help the rich and start wars .
And now , when the chance finally comes for them to step up and help American families , they just say no .
Do n't forget to Get Grayson 's Back .
UPDATE : Mike Stark says : I interview Republican Leaders : clutching pearls , fainting spells and cowardice
I had hoped to go to a party for Rep. Barbara Lee on Sunday , but it turned out to be too early in the day for me and we have those pesky Sunday Bobblehead shows to cover .
Still , I heard it was a great event .
I wanted to thank her because she was the only member of Congress who voted against Bush 's war resolution back in 2002 .
And she explained it this way :
BARBARA LEE : First , our nation is in grieving , we 're all mourning , we 're angry ; there are a range of emotions taking place .
Myself personally , I am also grieving and I believe fully and firmly that the Congress of the United States is the only legislative body that can say , " Let 's pause for a moment ... and let 's look at using some restraint before we rush to action . "
Because military action can lead to an escalation and spiral out of control .
So , why I voted no , was one , the president already has the authority to execute a military action .
He does n't need Congress ; under the War Powers Act he has that authority .
But Congress is the people 's house , and the Congress is responsible for providing checks and balances , and you cannot just allow the administration to run ahead with a strategy without reporting back and without having some oversight .
Too bad the rest of Congress did n't see the situation as clearly as she did .
Howie Klein was there and he has some interesting news about her bill to stop the Afghanistan war and how we 're supposed to pay for it :
And Thursday , as a member of the Appropriations Committee , she introduced HR 3699 , a bill that will prohibit funding any increase in the number of members of the United States Armed Forces in Afghanistan .
Bush funded his wars with supplemental budgets which meant he just printed money -- trillions of dollars -- to pay for them without having to worry about raising taxes ( on current voters ) or about cutting services directly .
One result has been the worst economic disaster since the Great Depression .
Obama campaigned on a promise not use supplemental budgets but to ask Congress for money through established budgetary procedures .
That would kick in pay - go and a member of Congress voting for funds to escalate expensive occupations of other countries would have to agree to either raise taxes on his or her constituents -- what do you think Boehner , Cantor , Pence , Ryan and other leading GOP warmongers will think of that ?-- or cut back on social programs , a prospect none too attractive to many of the conservative and moderate Democrats who have gone along with Bush 's outrageous supplemental budgeting and are thereby complicit in the economic disaster that has ensued .
I really thought " pay - go " was our ace - in - the - hole to stop the war in Afghanistan .
Not even a political thug like Rahm Emanuel could bully and bribe enough Democrats and Republicans to go for this , especially not at a point when the war is as increasingly unpopular as it is .
If the Senate does n't kill the legislation that the House passed , it is , in effect , a vote for a war that will last until Obama is voted out of office .
Please help Blue America build and strengthen a coalition of anti-war Democrats in Congress by contributing to No Means No. ( Everyone who donates today has their name entered in a drawing to win two items autographed by Al Franken , a copy of the book The Truth ...
With Jokes and a copy of a rare advance screener for his DVD God Spoke .
Way to go , Rep. Lee .
By Alexandra
Tired of eating the same , bland types of food around you ?
Need something to give you a little boost .
Some new flavors to taste… …
I ’m not selling anything , I ’m simply stating that I want you to experience the extreme pleasure of enjoying “ authentic Hungarian cuisine , ” so I ’m sharing one of my all - time favorite meals while growing up .
It ’s easy to make and you will have the whole family begging you for more .
It is a simple weeknight meal and it takes about an hour to prepare .
Because the paprika plays a central role in the flavor of the dish , please be sure to use real Hungarian Sweet Paprika .
Authentic Hungarian Chicken Paprikas with Nokedli
What You Need
For Paprikas :
2 - 3 lbs chicken thighs - bone in
salt and pepper
2 large onions chopped
1 green bell pepper
1/4 cup paprika
1 cup chicken stock
1/2 cup sour creme
1 tbsp flour
For Nokedli :
1 cup flour
2 large eggs
What You Need To Do :
– Heat a heavy pot , add some oil to the bottom and add the chicken .
– Fry until well browned on both sides .
– Transfer the chicken then onto a plate and add the onions and bell peppers .
– Add the paprika and continue to fry for 2 minutes until you can smell the fragrance .
– Add the chicken stock and return the chicken to the pot .
Turn to medium low and let simmer – covered – until the chicken is very tender and falls off the bone .
Now to make the Nokedli :
Put the flour in the bowl and add eggs , one at a time , mixing together .
Also , bring a large pot of water to boil .
Let the mixture rest , while the chicken is cooking .
The easiest way to make the dumplings is to use a potato ricer , fitted with a plate that has big holes spaced far apart .
Simply load the dough and extrude into the boiling water .
You will know when the dumplings are done because they will float up to the top .
Use a large spoon to transfer them into a bowl and add a little butter to make it nice and rich .
Now the fun part : add the sour cream to the meat mixture ; this allow is to become somewhat creamy .
Stir to thicken .
You now may serve your dish along with some pickled goods to really get your taste buds rocking .
Remember the Nokedli goes on the bottom and the Chicken Paprikas goes on top !
Jo Etvagyat ! is what we say .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pocket
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
ABOUT Healers against Halos !
JT 's gone .
At request , the group will stay as a testiment against Valve 's item policy .
We 're no longer just Healers against Halos , but people against the item drop system in general .
Some amusing links : Sprays !
Halo mod !
Avatar mods
LONDON — Former British prime minister Tony Blair was told he had “ blood on his hands ” by the father of a dead soldier Friday , after a memorial for the fallen of the Iraq war in London .
The ex-premier joined Queen Elizabeth II , Iraq ’s President Jalal Talabani , current Prime Minister Gordon Brown as well as soldiers and families at a service paying tribute to the 179 troops who died as a result of the 2003 war .
ADVERTISEMENT
The snub came at a reception held after the memorial in St. Paul ’s Cathedral , where the archbishop of Canterbury criticised policymakers for failing to properly consider the human cost of the Iraq war .
Peter Brierley , whose 28 - year - old son Shaun died in March 2003 , refused to shake Blair ’s hand when he offered it , telling the ex premier : “ I ’m not shaking your hand , you ’ve got blood on it . ”
Blair was ushered away , but afterwards Brierley said : “ I understand soldiers go to war and die but they have to go to war for a good reason and be properly equipped to fight .
“ I believe Tony Blair is a war criminal .
I ca n’t bear to be in the same room as him .
I ca n’t believe he ’s been allowed to come to this reception , ” he added after the reception at the Guildhall in central London .
During the earlier cathedral service Archbishop Rowan Williams , head of the Anglican Church , reminded his audience of the divisions caused by the military campaign to depose Saddam Hussein .
ADVERTISEMENT
About 100,000 Iraqi civilians have died since the March 2003 US - led invasion , according to a tally on iraqbodycount.org .
Williams also praised the “ courage and honesty ” shown by the more than 100,000 British troops who served in Iraq .
“ Many people of my generation and younger grew up doubting whether we should ever see another straightforward international conflict , fought by a standing army with conventional weapons , ” Williams said in his sermon .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We had begun to forget the realities of cost .
“ And when such conflict appeared on the horizon , there were those among both policy makers and commentators who were able to talk about it without really measuring the price , the cost of justice . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Friday ’s ceremony marked the withdrawal of all but a handful of British military trainers from Iraq in April .
Williams said the Iraq war , which sparked public demonstrations across Britain and caused tensions among Western allies as it was strongly opposed by France and Germany , would remain contentious for years to come .
“ The conflict in Iraq will , for a long time yet , exercise the historians , the moralists , the international experts , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ In a world as complicated as ours has become , it would be a very rash person who would feel able to say without hesitation , this was absolutely the right or the wrong thing to do , the right or the wrong place to be . ”
At the reception afterwards — also attended by Prince Charles , his wife Camilla and Prince William , the man who snubbed Blair said the pain of losing his son was with him always .
“ I believe he ’s got the blood of my son and all of the other men and women who died out there on his hands .
It comes back to me every day , every time I see a coffin come off a plane .
“ It reminds me of what happened to Shaun , ” he said .
Subscribe to receive Oilwatch Monthly by e-mail
Latest Developments :
1 ) Conventional crude production - Latest figures from the Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) show that crude oil production including lease condensates increased by 715,000 b/d from June to July 2009 , resulting in total production of crude oil including lease condensates of 72.42 million b/d. Crude oil production in the EIA International Petroleum Monthly for June 2009 was revised downward from 71.76 to 71.71 million b/d .
The all time high production record of crude oil stands at 74.75 million b/d reached in July 2008 .
2 ) Total liquid fuels production - In September 2009 , world production of all liquid fuels increased by 320,000 barrels per day from August according to the latest fgures of the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) , resulting in total world liquid fuels production of 84.92 million b/d. Liquids production for August 2009 was revised downwards in the IEA Oil Market Report of October from 84.88 to 84.60 million b/d.
Average global liquid fuels production in 2009 up to September was 84.61 versus 86.6 and 85.32 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 .
3 ) OPEC Production - Total liquid fuels production in OPEC countries increased by 120,000 b/d from August to September to a level of 34.28 million b/d.
Average liquid fuels production in 2009 through August was 33.66 million b/d , versus 36.09 and 35.02 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
All time high production of OPEC liquid fuels stands at 36.58 million b/d reached in July 2008 .
Total crude oil production excluding lease condensates of the OPEC cartel increased by 120,000 b/d to a level of 28.92 million b/d , from August to September 2009 , according to the latest available estimate of the IEA .
Average crude oil production in 2009 through September was 28.62 million b/d , versus 31.43 and 30.37 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
OPEC natural gas liquids remained stable from August to September 2009 at a level of 5.36 million b/d.
Average OPEC natural gas liquids production in 2009 through September was 5.05 million b/d , versus 4.66 and 4.55 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
4 ) Non-OPEC Production - Total liquid fuels production excluding biofuels in Non-OPEC countries increased by 190,000 b/d from August to September 2009 , resulting in a production level of 49.00 million b/d according to the International Energy Agency .
Average liquid fuels production in 2009 through September was 49.41 million b/d , versus 49.32 and 49.34 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
Total Non-OPEC crude oil production excluding lease condensates increased by 418,000 b/d to a level of 41.63 million b/d , from June to July 2009 , according to the latest available estimate of the EIA .
Crude oil production in the EIA International Petroleum Monthly for June 2009 was revised downward from 41.24 to 41.21 million b/d.
Average crude oil production in 2009 up to July was 41.52 million b/d , versus 41.32 and 41.80 million b/d in respectively 2008 and 2007 .
Non-OPEC natural gas liquids production decreased by 6,000 from June to July to a level of 3.28 million b/d. Average Non-OPEC natural gas liquids production in 2009 through July was 3.39 million b/d , versus 3.65 and 3.79 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
5 ) OECD Oil Consumption - Oil consumption in OECD countries increased by 413,000 b/d from June to July and decreased by 359,000 b/d from July to August , resulting in a consumption level of 43.46 million b/d in August .
Average OECD oil consumption in 2009 through August was 43.83 million b/d , versus 46.10 and 47.68 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
6 ) Chinese & Indian liquids demand - Oil consumption in China increased by 205,000 b/d from June to July and decreased by 115,000 b/d from July to August , resulting in a consumption level of 9.28 million b/d in August 2009 .
Average oil consumption in China in 2009 through August was 7.84 million b/d , versus 6.92 and 7.29 million b/d in respectively 2008 and 2007 .
Oil consumption in India decreased by 274,000 b/d from June to July and 52,000 b/d from July to August , resulting in a consumption level of 2.64 million b/d in August 2009 .
Average oil consumption in India in 2009 up to August was 2.86 million b/d , versus 2.60 and 2.43 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
8 ) OPEC spare capacity - According to the International Energy Agency total effective spare capacity ( excluding Iraq , Venezuela and Nigeria ) increased from August to September 2009 by 190,000 b/d to a level of 6.74 million b/d .
Of total August spare capacity , Saudi Arabia can produce an additional 3.45 million b/d within 90 days according to the IEA , the United Arab Emirates 0.57 million b/d , Angola 0.23 million b/d , Iran 0.22 million b/d , Libya 0.22 million b/d , Qatar 0.14 million b/d , and the other remaining countries 0.80 million b/d .
Total OPEC spare production capacity in September 2009 increased by 110,000 b/d to a level of 3.81 million b/d from 3.7 million b/d in August , according to the Energy Information Administration .
Of total September spare capacity , 2.70 million b/d is estimated to come from Saudi Arabia by the EIA , 0.21 million b/d from Qatar , 0.20 million b/d from Angola , 0.30 million b/d from Kuwait , 0.30 million b/d from the United Arab Emirates , and 0.10 million b/d from Iran .
Other countries contribute no spare capacity .
9 ) OECD oil stocks - Industrial inventories of crude oil in the OECD in August 2009 decreased to a level of 985 million from 1001 million barrels in July according to the latest IEA statistics .
Current OECD crude oil stocks are 26 million barrels higher than the five year average of 959 million barrels .
In IEA 's August Oil Market Report , a total stock level of 1011 million barrels was tabulated for July ; this has been revised downwards to 1001 million barrels in the October edition .
Industrial product stocks in the OECD in August 2009 increased to 1471 million from 1452 million barrels in July according to the latest IEA Statistics .
Current OECD product stocks are 72 million barrels higher than the five year average of 1399 million barrels .
In the August Oil Market Report of the IEA , a total stock level of 1459 million barrels was tabulated for July which has been revised downwards to 1452 million barrels in the October edition .
Figure 2 - OECD Crude Oil Stocks from January 2002 to August 2009 .
Figure 3 - OECD Oil Product Stocks from January 2002 to August 2009
Figure 4 - World Crude Oil Production from January 2002 to September 2009
Figure 5 - Non-OPEC crude oil production from January 2002 to July 2009
Figure 6 - OPEC crude oil Production from January 2002 to September 2009
Figure 7 - World liquid fuels production from January 2002 to September 2009
Figure 8 - Non-OPEC liquid fuels production from January 2002 to September 2009
Figure 9 - OPEC liquid fuels production from January 2002 to September 2009
Tiago would normally have taken his cut of the picked pockets and stopped right here at the Seaside Plaza .
On the very edge , past the vendors on the cobblestone sea walk , Tiago would sit with his legs over the rocky sea wall and look out over the harbor .
Today he only detoured through the plaza to throw the crowd in between him and the woman chasing him .
He 'd gotten a brief glimpse of her before the running started : tall , dark eyes , dark skin , dark leather jacket and microfibre pants , careful dreadlocks pulled back into a pony tail .
She was fast in the crowd .
She was n't dodging around legs , using the ebb and flow of the masses to see open routes like Tiago .
No , people who got in her way were just ... thrown out of the way .
Too strong .
She was some sort of soldier , Tiago thought , refocusing ahead .
He might have gotten himself into a bit of a situation .
Slipping onto the seawall path , he sprinted harder , deciding that she was covering the gap in the crowd .
To his right the harbor was filled with ships and their cargo , anchored and waiting for a spot to clear on the docks .
One of them was throwing out a parasail , the windfoil bucking in the inconsistent harbor wind , but then filling out , rising up into the air hundreds of feet overhead , and then some .
The ship began to pick its way out of the harbor , headed between the tall forest of wind turbines at the harbor 's edge : a dangerous move to unleash a windfoil in the harbor , but suddenly Tiago noticed other ships unfurling sails in haste .
A cloud of brightly colored parafoils leapt to the harbor sky like butterflies swarming from a shaken limb .
This was worrying enough that Tiago slowed , somewhat , and looked to his left .
The warehouses , three and four stories tall , dominated the first row of buildings .
But behind them , climbing tenaciously up the side of the mountain , homes and houses colorfully dotted the slopes .
A large , dark mass of gray haze topped the rocky crest and slowly fell down toward the harbor like a heavy cloud .
" Oh shit . "
Tiago stopped .
People in the Plaza were turning too , and murmuring started to spread .
They stood up from picnics or meals and the edges of the crowd were already leaving .
The woman smacked into Tiago and grabbed his upper arm .
" Take your damn money , " Tiago shouted .
I do n't want it .
I 'm sorry .
Just let me go . "
She looked puzzled as he shoved the paper money into the pockets of her jacket .
He may have even given her more than he'd stolen , he was n't sure .
" What 's ... "
Tiago pointed up the mountain .
" It 's going to rain . "
She looked over the buildings and let him go .
" I forgot . "
Forgot ?
There were two things on the island to remember : stay out of the rain , and avoid the Doacq 's attention by staying inside at night .
He bolted .
The last thing he saw was the armada of harbor ships , parafoils all full overhead , pulling their hulls up onto their hydrofoil skids as they all scattered to get well clear of the island .
Then the sirens began to wail all throughout Placa del Fuego , alerting its citizens to the descending danger .
From the open sweep of the docks and seawall of the harbor , Tiago headed into the heart of Harbortown .
He could breathe easier seeing overhangs above him , and walls he could put his back to .
People hurried about with carbon - fiber or steel umbrellas .
Some had already gotten into their hazmat gear .
The klaxons wailed in the background , constantly blearing out their call for all to find shelter .
Shops slammed thick windows shut and bolted them , while people yanked tables and chairs and billboards inside .
Customers packed in , shoulder to shoulder .
No self respecting shop would let Tiago inside : he was an urchin .
His clothes were ripped and melted , his face dirty , and he ran on bare feet .
They 'd toss him out on his ass faster than he could get inside .
A faint stinging mist started to fill the air .
Tiago squinted and slowed down .
The unfamiliar would run faster , but then they 'd inhale more .
He cupped his hands over his mouth , a piece of flannel in between his fingers to filter the air .
He looked down at the cobblestoned street to protect his eyes .
His calloused , flattened feet knew the street .
Knew how many steps it would take to reach the alley , knew how many times he'd have to pull himself up on the old pipe running outside to get up onto the roof , and how many more steps across the concrete to get to his niche .
It was a spot between two old storage buildings a few streets back from the waterfront , almost near the Xeno - town enclave .
One of them had a large , reinforced concrete gutter along its edge , and when the second building had been built right along side , wall to wall , had left a sheltered ledge the length of the building .
You would n't know it to look at it .
Twenty street kids had taken bricks and concrete and built a wall along the overhang , blending it into the architecture .
It was behind this that Tiago had his very own room .
To get to it , he stepped out over the edge of the building , and behind the wall .
Safe .
His skin stung from contact with the mist , but he could sit in the entryway along the corridor leading down to the seven foot by four foot concrete cubicles they called home , and watch the rain .
It was a floating , frothy jelly , spit out from the trees on the island into the air , that slowly floated down .
In most cases it just slowly burned at whatever it landed on , like some sort of an acid .
But after that , all it took was a spark for it to ignite .
In the distance the harbor pumps thrummed to life .
All over the city the engineers were fighting back the rain with a mist of their own , taken from the harbor water to coat and rinse the harbor .
Usually being on this side of the mountain protected them .
But sometimes the wind changed .
Sometimes the fire forests were unusually active .
Either way , you did n't want to be outside .
The burns and scars on the children huddled around the openings of their sanctuary testified to that .
The steady rain continued , sizzling as it hit the ground outside .
Tiago relaxed in the quiet among his neighbors as the city fought the rain .
He could worry about explaining to Kay why he was coming back with no money from the morning 's work later , as much as that scared him .
For now , he was just happy to be out of the rain .
He just about leapt out of skin as the wall next to him crumpled and the woman who'd been chasing him shoved her way through and crouched in front of him .
" Hello , " she said .
" We still have business to finish . "
Tiago jumped up to run and the other kids moved back away from him .
But where could he go with the rain coming down so hard ?
He looked back at his pursuer .
The rain had eaten away at the skin on her forearms , exposing silvery metal underneath .
Metal pistons snicked as she flexed her fingers .
A cyborg .
Here on Placa del Fuego .
Impossible .
There was no advanced machinery on Placa del Fuego .
It all failed on the island , until one reached three miles offshore .
In Harbortown the sailors said scientists from other worlds clustered aboard large ships near the wormholes , monitoring what islanders called the deadzone and they called 'an unexplained continuous EMP event . '
They claimed the epicenter was somewhere deep under the crust of the planet , right under Placa del Fuego .
The wormholes that lead from the ocean around Placa del Fuego to the oceans of other worlds light years away were anchored in the water just on the edge of the deadzone , and the scientists were there to order the wormholes moved as the deadzone expanded slightly each month .
One street rumor said that one of the alien races had buried a device under the island , intending to use it as a cover for a last stand during the human war for independence .
Some said it was the Doacq that bought the deadzone with it .
It did n't matter what or who caused it .
The end effect was that the town used pneumatic tubes to send messages .
Ox -men from Okur pulled rickshaws around , or people used the compressed air powered trolley cars .
Everything ran on compressed air : the town 's reservoirs were filled by the myriad wind turbines that festooned the harbor entrance and the exposed ridges of the mountain .
But because of the deadzone , this woman should n't have been here , Tiago thought .
She should n't even work .
But in the cramped darkness of his room the cyborg woman squatted on Tiago 's hand - carved wooden stool .
As Tiago turned on a bright white LED lamp she counted off a lot more money than he'd stolen , or given back to her .
Bill after bill after bill .
A massive fistful .
A month 's takings .
It hovered between them .
" Before you tagged me and made the pick , " she said , " you seemed to know your way around the harbor .
I need someone like you . "
Tiago took a deep breath .
He was n't sure if he needed someone like her .
She was trouble .
The hesitation must have been obvious to her .
She smiled .
" I 'll double what you want . "
What was the alternative ?
Tiago took the money .
He 'd be a fool not to .
" What are you looking to do ? " he asked .
" I need to find the person at the top of the underground .
Who sees all and knows all . "
The cyborg shifted , and the stool creaked .
Tiago grimaced .
It was made of imported wood , and it was his most precious possession .
" I 'm looking for Kay . "
" Kay ? "
Tiago feigned confusion .
" You know who I 'm talking about , " the woman smiled .
He did .
He was n't very good at lying straight - faced .
He swallowed nervously .
" What do you need from her ? "
" I need Kay 's help . "
Tiago waited for more , and the cyborg continued .
" To find my grandfather .
How do I find this person ? "
" You do n't find Kay , " Tiago said .
He folded the money away into the depths of his ragged clothes .
" She finds you .
Go find yourself a nice room along the waterfront somewhere .
Kay will show up now that someone knows you 're trying to find her .
That 's how it works . "
" Word on the street . "
The woman leaned forward and held out her hand .
A card rested in her palm .
" I 'll pay you the other half when I meet Kay .
Come find me tomorrow at noon . "
Tiago took the card .
An address had been scribbled onto it .
" What is your name , then ? "
" Nashara . "
Nashara .
A cyborg called Nashara .
The Nashara ?
Was he really talking to a living , breathing legend ?
Tiago 's hands shook .
She was a lot more than just trouble .
He 'd gotten himself in way , way deep into something .
Nashara , left , walking out in to the sizzling rain like it was no more than an inconvenience .
It was only a moment before Tiago 's neighbors parted and the tiny figure of Kay walked out .
Her grey eyes took in the broken brick with a flick before she turned to face him .
Her hair was cut just short of her ears , almost boyish .
She was shorter than Tiago , something that always surprised him .
In his own mind she stood much taller .
" I 'll have it repaired , " she said calmly , flicking her head at the destruction .
Kay 's fixing the damage would obligate them to her .
But no one said anything .
Refusing it would be an even bigger problem .
They might come to beat him up tonight , Tiago thought .
If they were n't too scared .
" You were here the whole time ? "
Tiago asked , his voice cracking slightly with fear .
Kay ignored his surprise .
" That was a Nashara .
Here on the island .
I wonder how she 's able to work here ? "
Ox -men : two large slabs of hairy muscle , large eyes and flat noses , squeezed into the passageway behind her , stooping over to fit .
They regarded Tiago with dull , incurious eyes .
" I do n't know ... "
Tiago muttered .
Kay unpacked a Kevlar poncho and pulled it carefully on .
She buckled on a gas mask .
Behind her , the two Ox-men did the same .
In a muffled voice she told Tiago , " Do you know how expensive it would be to shield someone like her , a cyborg , to be able to function in the deadzone ?
That must be what she 's done .
It means she has access to ... incredible resources . "
She paused thoughtfully , thinking about that .
Then she continued .
" I have preparations to make before I 'll meet her .
Keep your appointment .
I 'll send someone for you both . "
She stepped out into the rain , and the Ox-men followed her .
The three of them disappeared over the side of the building in the haze , and Tiago turned around to face the boys trying to hide in the shadows .
He could tell by the fear on their faces that they would not be bothering him .
They were far , far too scared of Kay .
So was he .
Nashara sat at a table outside a seawall restaurant , surveying the Plaza over a cup of tea .
A few small fires had broken out the night before where jellied rain had landed on canopies or abandoned stalls .
But considering the strength of last night 's storm , it was n't too bad , Tiago thought .
He 'd certainly seen worse .
His new benefactor motioned Tiago to sit with her .
" It 's odd , " she muttered as he sat .
" All this stone , brick , slate .
Leather for clothes .
No wood , no fabrics .
Hardly any trees , not even scrub .
Grim . "
Tiago looked down at his patched clothes .
She was surprisingly ignorant about the island if she was the real Nashara .
The real Nashara had cloned her own mind to infect alien starships in the fight for human independence .
The real Nashara was a founder of the Xenowealth .
The real Nashara was a force of nature .
That Nashara , it seemed to Tiago , would , at least know about stuff here on the island .
" Rich people have them , " he said .
" In those glass houses . "
" Greenhouses ? "
Tiago shrugged .
" Sure . "
Sometimes , in the quieter moments , looking out over the harbor , he 'd wondered what the places were like out over the horizon , and through the wormhole the ships sailed through to get to the oceans of other worlds , and through wormholes in those oceans to even more .
Other worlds where things were made , and then transported here .
Where people like Nashara came from .
But it was useless to daydream too much about where the ships went .
Because they were n't taking Tiago along with them .
No matter how much he wished for it whenever he sat on the sea wall .
Nashara set her tiny wooden cup down and stood up .
" I think Kay will be receiving us now . "
Tiago turned around , and the two Ox - men he'd seen last night had silently , amazingly for their bulk , walked up right behind him .
They did n't have to say anything , they turned around and began to walk away .
Nashara followed .
And that , he thought , was the end of that .
Only it was n't .
Up at the end of Onyx street , down the stairs cut into the side of the road and in the basement of an old house tunneled into a rock outcropping at the very edge of town , was one of Kay 's many lairs .
He 'd been summoned there , two days later .
Amber late - afternoon light pierced the dusty windows , and a menagerie of Placa del Fuego 's shadowy denizens milled about .
There were more Ox-men , some Runners , and even a few simple - minded Servants .
Lots of grubby kids like Tiago , many of them faces he recognized from Elizan 's crew crowded in , as well as others from all over the rest of the city .
They were Kay 's crew , now , all of them .
She owned the Waterfront and the Back Ring , and was almost done finishing up controlling the Harbor .
If it was criminal , and happened in Placa del Fuego , Kay wanted to run it .
It had been different , last year .
Last year Tiago worked for Elizan ; a high strung old man who would leap at a chance to whip anyone who'd held back the take .
A tough life : Tiago still had misshapen broken bones to prove it , but it beat trying to live outside alone .
Something he 'd learned quickly enough .
Placa del Fuego had no heart for the homeless .
When Kay appeared on the streets in the Back Ring , rain - burned and tired , she 'd been ignored .
For the first week .
The second week she 'd figured out the command structure of one of the drug cartels and executed the commander with a sliver of knapped flint .
Within days the cartel danced to her tune .
Rumors said she came from Okur , where the birdlike alien Nesaru had established a colony .
Under the Bacigalupi Doctrine , anticipating the lack of fuel and the collapse of the interstellar travel after the war for independence , the Nesaru had bred humans into a variety of forms to serve them .
Nesaru engineered , bred , and reshaped human Ox-men and Runners had fled Okur to Placa del Fuego .
So had Kay .
She was something else , Okur refugees said .
Something designed to control the modified human slaves under the Nesaru 's thumb .
She could read your thoughts by the slightest change in your posture , a twitch in a facial muscle .
She emitted pheromones to calm you , convince you , and used her body to control your personal space .
You were a computer , waiting to be programmed .
She was your taskmaster .
A perfect , bred , engineered , manipulator of humankind .
" Tiago , " Kay said , beckoning him closer .
" Nashara and I have quite a job for you . "
Nashara stepped out from behind a thick stone pillar .
" There will be considerably more money in it for you . "
Kay put a protective arm around Tiago .
" I really need your help with this , Tiago . "
He stiffened slightly as she moved in closer , creating a tiny world between just the three of them .
" What do you need ? " he asked , hesitant .
" You keep a low profile , Tiago .
Back of the crowd .
You do n't try to cheat me of my cut .
You would n't even dare think of it . "
Tiago nodded .
Do n't get noticed .
Do n't cross dangerous people like Kay unless you could run .
Melt into the background .
These were core life principles of his .
It was why he made a good pickpocket .
There was even a mid-sized bounty available for his capture .
" More importantly , you 've been in the Dekkan Holding Center , " Nashara said .
In the distant background the sound of rain alarms drifted through the streets .
A night storm .
The worst kind .
A cold chill gripped Tiago .
" You want me to go back to The Center ? "
Images of the dark warrens flitted back to the front of his mind .
" Not as such . "
Kay pointed a Kevlar poncho and gas mask hanging by the door .
" Suit up . "
They walked through the slowly darkening streets , the rain hissing against their protective gear .
Nashara wore goggles and a long leather fisherman 's coat that seemed impervious to the rain , Kay the same outfit as Tiago .
Their footsteps clicked against cobblestone as Kay led them through sidealleys and tiny backstreets so cramped they had to move through them single file .
No one else was out .
Tiago stopped a tremble in his hands at the thought of being out at night .
Several times they came to dead ends , where small locked doors stopped Kay 's progress .
But a few knocks in a pattern and they would open , and the trio would tromp through someone 's front room , leaving sizzling drops of rain behind .
There was no hurry , and Tiago gauged that they 'd moved across the entire city over the last two hours .
Kay finally stopped and removed her gas mask in the quiet foyer of a restaurant , eerie in its empty state , though the tables were all set and ready : waiting for the morning crowd .
She looked right at Tiago as he removed his mask .
He burned his fingers on the wet straps as she said , " I 'm turning you over to the warden of the DHC for the bounty .
The driver of the prison wagon has been paid to suggest stopping to pick you up . "
He felt numb .
Outside , Tiago saw through the windows , the rain had fallen to a drizzle .
The gaslight streetlamps flickered shadows as the wind flicked their flames this way and that .
" So you do want me back in the hellhole , " he said , the misery leaking out into his voice .
Kay pulled out a packet of photos and spread them with a flourish across a nearby table like a card dealer .
" No .
You 'll get picked up , but there 's someone inside the wagon that Nashara wants . "
Tiago frowned .
Kay was helping Nashara why ?
He could n't quite put together what was happening here .
Kay leaned close .
She was doing it , creating that little bubble of space that seemed to exist just between the two of them .
It was some sort of talent , almost magical .
" Do n't try to figure it out , Tiago .
Just take a look at the pictures of the crew of the Zephyr III .
One of them will be in the wagon .
We need your help . "
He looked up and out of the bay windows .
He wondered how far he could get if just ran .
He had some money , maybe he could stowaway on a boat .
How long could he evade Kay ?
Not very long .
She gently grabbed his jaw to point his gaze back down at the table .
She 'd read his thoughts via his body language .
" There 's no running , Tiago .
Not now . "
He swallowed and committed the faces before him to memory , something other than fear building as she put a hand on his back to steady him .
" I 'll be there as well , " Nashara said from by the door .
She 'd opened her coat up , and underneath Tiago saw more guns lining the inside than he'd even known a single person could carry .
She was a walking arsenal .
You rarely saw any guns on the island , too expensive , even for criminals .
" So why do n't you just break into the wagon and get the person you want ? "
Tiago asked .
" Do n't want to tip my hand until we know we have the person we want .
Otherwise , if we go in too early guns blazing on the wrong wagon , our guy could get hidden further , or put under tougher security .
So you 're our scout , Tiago .
When you give us the go ahead , we move in to recover both of you . "
" And if the person is n't there , I get beaten , interrogated , and locked up . "
" We will get you out quickly if that happens , we can bribe a few judges , and Nashara is ready to pay you well , " Kay said .
She was pulling on her poncho .
Before she snapped on the bug - like gasmask , she continued .
" I have to go meet the wagon .
I 'll be back shortly . "
This was his moment to bolt .
Nashara picked up the pictures of the crew .
" Three weeks ago .
You remember anything strange happening ? "
Tiago stopped thinking about other lives and worlds .
" There was a fight .
At night .
All over the town .
Whoever it was burst through walls , fell through roofs .
Ripped up road .
No one saw much of it .
We just saw the damage ... "
" It was my grandfather : Pepper was on his way back with information about a new threat to the Xenowealth worlds .
He disappeared here , last seen getting aboard the Zephyr III .
But the Zephyr was destroyed in a limited yield nuclear blast event nowhere near any of the wormholes out , but a hundred miles north of here in the polar ocean .
" Word is that one survivor from the Zephyr III came back .
You 're going to help me acquire him .
I came with a ship , it 's pretty heavily armed up : the Streuner .
Pepper did n't have backup , I 'm not making the same mistake .
Once we 're on the ship , it 's a run for the wormhole , back into the heart of the Xenowealth , for debriefing . "
Acquire him .
There was a strange turn of a word , Tiago thought .
She was a kindred soul to Kay .
Someone who wove the fate of everyone around them .
He was just a pickpocket .
It was all he ever really aspired to .
His own quiet moments on the seawall , a safe , dry place to sleep .
Good food .
Now he was caught up in something that involved the fates of the connected worlds .
" What does Kay get out of it ? "
Tiago asked , treading into areas which he knew he should n't be poking his nose .
Nashara tapped the inside of her coat , and the guns jiggled .
" Force multipliers . "
" You know what she 'll do with all that ? "
Nashara nodded , her dreadlocks shaking as she did so .
" She plans to run the island . "
" She will . "
" Maybe .
But only if she stops depending brazenly on those modifcations the Nesaru bred into her . "
She smiled at Tiago 's shock that she knew about that rumor .
" You 're an open book to her .
And she holds your strings .
But only when she 's standing in front of you .
She has to learn other ways to get people to do her bidding , and her teachers have been the underbelly of Harbortown .
To be a great leader requires more , it requires people to trust you just as much when you 're not standing right in front of them .
That takes something else .
Besides , what she has : it 's not that special a talent . "
" Do you have it ? "
" Yes .
Different technology , not biological , but same result .
But Tiago , free will 's a bitch .
Kay can only manipulate .
Underneath , we still move our own lives forward .
You understand ?
We fought the entire war over that , back when the Satrapy ruled everything .
Before human independence . "
Only someone as powerful as she was , Tiago thought , could believe that about free will .
He chose not to say that .
But then , she could probably see him thinking that anyway .
" Here . " Nashara pressed a small sliver of metal into his palm .
" Jam that under the target 's skin , it 'll tag him for me and let us know to come get you both . "
" Okay . "
He 'd have to keep this out of the cops ' hands .
Easy enough .
He 'd snuck small items around the heavy security of The Center .
Outside the loud hiss of a compressed air powered wagon drew closer , and then it stopped .
Nashara pulled a large pistol out and aimed it cheerfully at Tiago 's head .
" Time to turn you in , Tiago . "
Tiago had sworn many oaths to never end back up in one of these wagons .
Yet here he was again .
It was near midnight as they jerked into motion with a belch .
Tiago looked around .
Unfamiliar , bruised , battered faces regarded him .
For a moment he panicked , not seeing any of the faces from the pictures Kay had shown him .
He imagined getting locked away in the sweaty man-made caverns underneath Harbor Town .
Then he saw the youngest face in the wagon and recognized it from the photos he'd been shown of the crew of the Zephyr III .
It was just a boy .
A boy who was younger than Tiago .
Could he drag him into the net Kay and Nashara had cast ?
Yes .
The boy was already caught up in the mess from being on the same boat as Nashara 's grandfather .
Tiago stood up , tripped , caught himself , and then sat down near the locked rear door .
The boy had n't even felt the pinprick of Nashara 's tiny device .
Tiago waited , tensed , for something , anything , to happen .
The wagon rolled on , turning a corner , headlights revealing ten Ox-men blocking the road with spike strips .
The wheels of the wagon exploded as they were shredded , and it rattled to a halt on the rims as prisoners in back were thrown against each other .
Nashara landed on the ground outside .
She must have leapt off the top of a building nearby , Tiago realized , as pulverized cobblestone leapt into the air from her impact .
She ripped the door open , shattering the lock , and reached in to pull the boy out .
Tiago jumped out next to them .
Three Ox -men ran into the alleyway , eyes wide with fear .
" Doacq , " one shouted in a low rumble .
Nashara looked down the road .
" Tiago , what the hell is that ? "
Tiago did n't need to glance a second time .
" Oh shit .
Shit !
The Doacq .
We need to get out of here .
Now ! "
The seven foot tall , hooded figure moved with unnatural quickness down the street .
Tiago caught a glimpse , in the flicker of gaslamp , of two large , catlike eyes under the cowl and a slit - like nose .
But it was the mouth that he noticed most .
It yawned , the jaw dislocating and stretching like a snake 's : a two foot gaping chase of darkness .
The Doacq whipped across the street , slamming into an Ox-man .
The jaw dropped even lower , and the Doacq rose taller , somehow , and then the gaping maw descended on the Ox-man .
Hundreds of pounds of rippling , engineered , brute strength disappeared , and the Doacq turned to face the wagon .
" That 's a damn wormhole in its mouth , " Nashara said , awe in her voice .
Then she grabbed the side of the wagon and grunted .
" And it 's generating an EMP field ... "
The Doacq flowed forward , the robe rippling in the slight wind .
The massive jaw gaped wider and wider as it got closer .
It seemed all maw to Tiago , mesmerized by the black nothingness opening up , propelled by the creature 's feet .
Nashara pulled out a large shotgun , and the deafening discharge filled the tiny stone canyon of street and houses .
The Doacq twitched to face the incoming shot ... and swallowed it all without any change in its approach .
" Son of a bitch , " she said , and then leapt forward .
The Doacq , ducked and grabbed her , redirecting the energy of the jump to throw her in the side of a house .
Nashara staggered back to her feet in the middle a mess of rubble .
Tiago grabbed the boy and looked around for a place to hide .
One of the nearest doors opened , and whip - lean shape of a Runner beckoned at him to get inside .
He needed no encouraging .
He ran for the door .
Three explosions shook the street , and Tiago saw with a glance back that Nashara had flicked grenades at the Doacq .
It swallowed several , but could n't be in more than one place at the same time .
Another grenade exploded to its side , and the Doacq faltered .
Shreds of its cloak and flesh splattered on the ground and an animal - like shriek of pain filled the streets .
The Doacq was not supernatural , Tiago thought , dazed .
It could be harmed .
He paused at the doorway .
Maybe Nashara could face it down .
But then the Doacq spotted him , and turned for the building , completely ignoring Nashara .
An Ox-man yanked Tiago into the house and barred the door shut .
" This way , " the Ox-man grumbled , and shoved the two boys forward through the house .
A trapdoor underneath a table led them under the house , into a hidden basement lit by a single bulb .
" Through here , " said a Runner , appearing out of the dark .
The shadows made his ribs , visible under a thin shirt , look even more pronounced than normal .
There was heavy , thick steel door a pair of Ox-men had opened .
As they passed through that , they groaned shut , and then dropped to the ground as something was kicked out from underneath them .
The smell or rank sewage took the breath away from Tiago , and he switched to breathing only out of his mouth .
In the distance , and explosion of brick and screaming startled Tiago .
The Doacq must have gotten into the house .
With Nashara in pursuit .
They were standing inside a tunnel , lit glancingly by the Runner 's flashlight .
The center of the tunnel had a wide trench in it , currently dry .
It revealed Kay waiting with a pair of Ox-men armed with RPGs .
They aimed the weapons at the thick door behind Tiago .
" So this is our quarry , " Kay said , turning on a small penlight to check the boy .
" Your name is June , right ? "
The shellshocked , beaten boy nodded .
" Can you speak , June ? "
" Yes . "
It was a faint whisper , unsure of itself .
But it was the most June had done since this had all started , other than let Tiago drag him around to safety .
" Well June , this is Tiago , and we have to move quickly before the Doacq comes after us .
It likes characters like us .
It finds us interesting . "
Kay led them down the gentle slope of the tunnel at a brisk pace to a junction , where the sound of running water filled the air , and the stench increased .
Five
Ox - men stood in a trench full of dirty water holding onto a small metal boat with an electric engine on the back .
Something boomed in the distance , echoing through the sewer tunnels , as they clambered in .
Kay smiled .
" That should slow the Doacq down . "
She waved her hand at the Ox-men and they let go .
She gunned the engine up to a brisk whine as the boat shot clear , bouncing off the sides of the trench .
Tiago had a moment to absorb everything now .
He turned to Kay .
" All this preparation .
You knew the Doacq was coming ?
How ? "
" He always comes when there 's this much activity , " Kay said .
" And he 's difficult to stop .
I thought maybe he was allergic to the sun , but he shrugged off the ultraviolet and full spectrum lamps I installed on his favorite haunts .
Since then , it 's gotten harder and harder to hunt .
I can't even get a good picture of it , cameras fail around it . "
Tiago felt like he was looking at a different person .
" How can you know so much about the Doacq ? "
Most of the town did n't even talk about it , they whispered about it and avoided the night .
When people disappeared , you did n't dwell on it .
You knocked on wood that you would never be the one to turn a corner , and see the Doacq standing there .
" You hunt the Doacq ? " Tiago asked .
She heard the stunned disbelief in his voice and turned on him .
" It 's an alien .
It 's not some supernatural creature , Tiago .
It 's like the Nesaru , just more powerful .
We do n't know where it comes from , but just like the other aliens , it plays on human land as if it owns it .
It thinks it rules us , but it does n't ! "
There was a hatred in her face , naked for the two boys to see .
She 'd let her control slip .
" I will destroy it .
And then I will take the island .
And after that , I will make the Nesaru leave , and the Gahe , and the other stinking aliens that have kept us under their thumb flock through here .
Pepper may have failed to kill the Doacq for me , Nashara may fail yet , but I wo n't . "
She turned down another tunnel as Tiago bent over and grabbed his knees .
This was insane .
They were up against the Doacq ?
" You did good , Tiago , " Kay said , her face under control again .
" You got her to chase you , despite the rain incident .
You got her to invest in you , to want to protect you , just enough that instead of grabbing June and running back to her ship , she decided to tackle the Doacq .
It was perfect .
You have a place among my lieutenants , a place on this island , Tiago .
You did well . "
He did n't feel like it .
Things had gotten complicated quickly .
He had n't intended the mark to be a living legend .
He certainly had n't expected to be involved in the betrayal of a living legend .
Tiago shivered .
Kay had a safe house set up for them .
It took getting out of the sewers and back onto the streets , through the alleys and people 's homes again .
By the time they got inside , Tiago could n't tell where in Harbor Town he was .
They 'd doubled back , and around , and it was so late it was now probably officially early .
His eyes were scratchy , his movements felt like they were delayed by a half second .
" Do n't worry , " Kay told him as she took their protective gear .
" You 'll be safe here .
There are people for the Doacq to catch .
He 'll eventually slow down , turn his attention elsewhere .
It 's all planned . "
It did n't make Tiago feel any better .
He caught the eyes of June , and the other boy certainly did n't look reassured either .
But Kay caught that .
And she spent time with them until they were mollified , and relaxed .
There were Ox - men guarding the house , equipped with heavy machine guns , and escape routes everywhere .
A tall man came in with cold water and sandwiches .
Somehow getting something in his stomach took the edge of Tiago 's fears .
Maybe it was just having something to do .
" There is more I have to do , " Kay said .
" The caches of arms Nashara promised me need swept up and stored in secure locations .
And eventually , I need to see who won . "
She left the room , five foot figure flanked by a pair Ox-men .
June stopped eating .
" Do you trust her ? "
He asked .
Tiago looked up and wanted to say he did , but the words caught in his mouth .
" I do n't know .
She 's dangerous to cross . "
June gestured at his face .
" As dangerous as this ? "
" Yes . "
" Then I do n't want to have anything to do with her , " he said .
" I 've had enough . "
The boy looked exhausted .
" I 'm sorry , " Tiago muttered .
" I 'm very sorry .
I thought you would be going with Nashara . "
" The woman ? "
" She 's looking for someone called Pepper .
She says he 's her grandfather .
She thinks you know ... "
" They all do . "
June looked down at the remains of his sandwich .
" He was okay .
I liked him .
He paid us in gold to get him out of here , but there were ships waiting for us between the wormholes out and the island .
" He fought them off , and then when he realized we were in danger , jumped into the ocean and sank .
Did n't stop them from sinking the Zephyr III anyway .
They killed everyone but me .
Dragged me out of the ocean and took me back , forced me to tell them everything he did , or said . "
Tiago wrapped his arms around himself and leaned forward .
The Doacq was hunting them .
Nashara may not even be alive , a victim to Kay 's machinations , just like Pepper .
And what was he ?
If she could throw their lives away so easily , what chance did he have of living if he moved closer into Kay 's world ?
He thought of the contact , the compulsion he had to do what she wanted .
It came from her voice , her posture , the way she could read him .
And it was n't real .
With her out of the room , he could struggle away , could n't he ?
All that was left was his fear .
Fear of consequences .
Fear that she would track him down for betraying her .
" She has a ship , an armed ship , she said , waiting for her .
It 's called ... the Strainer , or something like that , " Tiago said in a tumble of words .
And then he said something he never would have , had he been doing this for Kay .
" If you want , we can try to run for it . "
June did n't even pause to think about it .
" Yes .
I 'd run with you . "
" I could be trying to trick you , " Tiago said .
" I do n't care .
I 'll take the chance .
I do n't want to be trapped here , I do n't want to get eaten by the Doacq . "
Tiago found himself nodding with June .
" We leave the moment we see morning , " Tiago said .
" So you can spot rain ? "
It 'd be suicidal to try and move through the city without any rain gear .
And if he could n't see the rain coming , he would n't know to hide from it .
" Yes .
Do you have any family ? "
June shook his head .
" No .
They 're dead now . "
Tiago did not follow that up with more questions .
He did n't want to know .
The Ox-men guarding them checked on them randomly .
The moment the door closed , the early sun lighting a band of orange up over the rooftops , Tiago broke the locked windows open .
There were other skills he 'd picked up in addition to picking pockets .
June started to climb down the side , but Tiago shook his head .
" Go up , to the roof .
They 'll expect us on the street . "
The Runners and Ox- men would fan out down there , hunting them .
Rooftop to rooftop would keep them out of sight for longer .
Once up there , Tiago oriented himself .
They were closer to the docks than he 'd dared hope .
They stuck to the roofs , clambering awkwardly up drain spouts and slipping on tiles .
But they made it to the edge of the plaza after an exhausting hour .
The docks ran out from the seawall , long piers of concrete stacked with unloaded goods and Ox - men hauling carts back and forth .
It was n't until they 'd walked through the crowds of the plaza , and then up onto the seawall , that Tiago relaxed a little .
The Ox -men guarding them would have called the alarm by now , phoned Kay , and the entire town might be crawling with people hunting for them , but they 'd at least gotten to the docks .
Tiago stopped a dock worker in greasy coveralls overseeing the unloading of a ship docked almost by the seawall .
" We 're looking for a ship called Strainer , have you seen it ? "
The man frowned .
" Streuner ?
It 's over there . "
Tiago looked .
It was a gun-metal gray boat with a large green flag with a black and yellow X on it .
June yanked Tiago around to face the plaza behind them .
The hooded figure of the Doacq stood at the far side , people scattering away from it .
" I do n't think it ... "
Tiago started to say , as the Doacq looked over the top of the crowd right at them , and began to move toward them .
" Shit . "
" But it does n't come out in the day , " June said , his voice breaking with fear .
Kay had said it seemed to choose the night .
That her lights replicating daylight had n't harmed it .
He should n't have been surprised .
But he was .
From across the plaza
Tiago could see the unnaturally long jaw dislocated and drop , down past the alien 's chest , down almost to its feet .
Anything that stood in the way disappeared into it : scared people , tables , chairs .
It swallowed them all .
Tiago and June turned and sprinted for the dock leading to Streuner .
An act of faith that they could protect them , really , but what else could they do ?
They shoved people aside as they ran the slow curve , ignoring the curses aimed in their direction .
When they turned onto the dock and sprinted , Tiago looked over at the seawall .
The Doacq barreled along it .
He realized he was screaming as he ran .
Dockworkers were turning to look , and then jumping into the water as they realized it was the Doacq .
It gained on them .
They had half the dock before they could reach the Streuner , and the Doacq was coming up the dock , may three hundred feet behind them .
Tiago knew he should n't look over his shoulder , it slowed him down , but he could n't help it .
The dark pit of its maw was so wide and inescapable , ready to swallow them , the pier , and anything else .
As to where people ended up when it got them , only those swallowed knew , and they 'd never come back to talk .
Tiago realized he was about to find out .
He was n't going to make it to the end of the dock , where the Streuner waited .
Maybe even if they made it , they 'd still be swallowed up .
Maybe it could eat the whole boat .
He glanced back over his shoulder , and as he did so , a loud boom came from the end of the dock .
Something large whipped past his had , and the Doacq staggered and fell .
Its mouth dipped , hitting the concrete of the dock and swallowing a scoop of it , concrete chipping around the edges of its mouth .
Another boom stopped it as it struggled up to its feet again .
Tiago redoubled his run , as did June .
He ran so hard it felt like his joints would pop , his brain would be jarred free of his skull , and his lungs would burst into flames .
As they moved clear , the booms turned into an all - out barrage .
Continuous thunder rolled from the ship , bursting out from large guns that had rolled out of emplacements all over the ship .
His eardrums stopped trying to understand the deafening sound as the entire section of the dock under the Doacq disappeared .
The Doacq had picked the wrong ship to run at .
Two dark - skinned crewmen , just like Nashara , held out their hands at the top of the plank leading on to the deck .
Tiago sprinted into them , knocking them over and collapsing , panting , amazed to still be alive .
" Cast off ! " Someone yelled , and the plank was tossed free .
From his viewpoint on the deck , Tiago saw a tiny rocket shoot up several hundred feet into the sky , dragging a length of parafoil with it .
The foil expanded , filled with air , and the ship began to move .
A pair of feet in familiar boots stopped in front of Tiago 's face .
He looked up .
It was Nashara .
She moved slowly , with a slight limp , and wore a patch over one eye .
Her hair had been burned off , and one arm was in a sling .
She kneeled and grabbed his hand and said something , but he could n't hear it through the ringing in his ears because the guns still had n't stopped : Streuner shivered constantly as it continued firing on the Doacq as they moved away from the dock .
Slowly , at first , but then the ship built a bow wave as it sped up .
A few minutes later the entire ship slowly struggled up onto the hydrofoils underneath its hull , and it popped free of the resistance of pushing against water .
They sped away from the docks , the deck tilting alarmingly as the Streuner turned hard toward the open sea .
The alien Doacq was falling further away from Tiago with each minute .
So was Kay .
June was still in a room being checked over for injuries , but Tiago was allowed to wander around inside the ship .
There were crew cabins , a kitchen , storage rooms , a common sitting area .
Nashara sat there , playing with a small piece of paper .
She kept folding it until she had turned it into a tiny flower .
" She sent me to pick your pocket , " Tiago confessed , standing at the table .
He 'd expected the boat to sway more than it did , but the foils kept it almost rock steady .
" It was a trap from the beginning .
And I 'm sorry . "
She looked up at him with one eye , and Tiago flinched .
What would he do to someone who'd cost him an eye ?
What would someone as powerful as Kay do ?
" I knew it was a trap , " Nashara said .
" What I was n't expecting was the Doacq . "
" You ? "
He found that hard to believe , knowing the things Nashara had seen and participated in .
Nashara shook her head .
" It 's a massive universe , Tiago , with many participants .
The Doacq 's an important force , and I 'm not sure what it 's up to .
We need to find Pepper , if we can , if he 's still alive .
If June can help .
Maybe together we can find some answers , find out if the Doacq is a threat to us .
But Tiago , I 'm just tiny player on the edge of some large events .
I do n’t know half of everything .
The universe is not tidy .
You do n’t always get quick answers . "
It was a sentiment that Tiago felt a kinship to .
She felt just like him .
Navigating her way through all this just as best she could .
But then that raised his suspicions .
" Are you saying that just to make me feel better ? "
He asked .
" Do you rule me know , like Kay ? "
If she had the same talents , why not ?
" I mean , if I ’m your pawn , you seem calmer than Kay , " he continued .
" She is n’t just someone organizing street kids , protection setups , scams .
Not anymore .
Now she ’s just using us up like our lives do n’t even mean anything . "
Outside the ship slowed , hydrofoils sinking deeper into the water until the hull hit water .
Nashara crushed the little paper bird into a wad .
" Sometimes we become the thing we ’re fighting hardest against , " she said thoughtfully .
" And Kay is fighting hard against an unimaginable past on Okur .
I was there , once .
I ’ve seen what she came from .
I do n’t think she will stop fighting it for quite a while . "
Tiago thought about Placa del Fuego , caught between the forces of Kay and the Doacq , and wondered if the island would survive the both of them .
" She said she ’d rule the island . "
" And maybe more , no doubt , " Nashara said .
Then something strange happened , a fluttering sensation in the deepest pit of Tiago ’s stomach that left him suddenly dizzy .
Nashara stood up and grabbed his shoulder .
" Come , Tiago , I want to show you something . "
She led him out onto the rear deck of the ship , which was dominated by the black nothingness of a wormhole .
Tiago gasped .
He ’d never seen one this close , towering over his head .
Large enough for a whole ship to pass through and that had once floated above a world .
Spaceships had once passed through it before being deorbited .
And now him .
The sky overhead was covered by a dark , orange cloud in outer space , whisps of it streaming off toward the horizon .
And cutting the sky in half : a silver twinkling band .
The Belt of Arkand .
He ’d heard it mentioned by sailors , and here he stood looking at it with his own eyes .
" You asked if I made you do this , " Nashara said .
" But this was your own choice .
I did n’t make you do it .
This is your new life now . "
But was it the right choice ?
He looked around at the strange sea they plowed through , and saw another wormhole far ahead in the distance , propped on floats and bobbing on the surface of the green ocean .
That wormhole led to yet another ocean , and more worlds .
More possibilities .
Maybe not the right choice .
Only time would tell that .
But it was certainly his choice , he knew , leaving all those years of sitting on the sea wall and dreaming behind for a chance just like this .
An anti-health care group funded by a right winged fringe , Art Pope .
This organization is a FAKE grassroots organization , supposedly concerned about health care , yeah they are for the RICH and STATUS QUO .
Part OnePart TwoA must see video .
This is real journalism .
Never much of a fighter against abusive corporate power , Barack Obama is making it increasingly clear that right from his start as President , he wanted health insurance reform that received the approval of the giant drug and health insurance industries .
Earlier this year he started inviting top bosses of these companies for intimate confabs in the White House .
Business
Week magazine , which proclaimed recently that " The Health Insurers Have Already Won " reported that the CEO of UnitedHealth , Stephen J. Hemsley , met with the President half a dozen times .
These are the vendors .
They and their campaign slush funds cannot be ignored in the power struggle over the legislation percolating in the Congress .
One public result of these meetings was that the drug industry promised $ 80 billion in savings over ten years and the health insurance moguls promised $ 150 billion over the same decade .
Mr. Obama trumpeted these declarations without indicating how these savings would be guaranteed , how the drug companies could navigate the antitrust laws and what was given to the health care industry by the White House in return .
We have now learned that one Obama promise was to continue the prohibition on Uncle Sam from bargaining for volume discounts on drugs that you the taxpayer have been paying for in the drug benefit program enacted in 2003 .
Unknown is whether the health insurance companies were also promised continuation of Medicare Advantage with its 14 % added taxpayer subsidy to induce the elderly to make the move out of public Medicare .
Also unknown is whether the Medicare public option that Mr. Obama formerly espoused but since has wavered on has been put on the concession table .
The whole secret process is seedy and demonstrates cruel disregard for the millions of American who , whether in dire need of medical services or not , voted in " change we can believe in . "
By stark contrast , President Obama has never invited to the White House the leading consumer - patient champions in this country who favor full Medicare and free choice of physician and hospital - often called " a single payer " system .
Open to the corporate barons who have failed decade after decade to deliver what patients need , the White House door is closed to the likes of Dr. Quentin Young - a founder of the Physicians for a National Health Program and an old Chicago friend of Obama's , Dr. Sidney Wolfe , who heads Public Citizen 's Health Research Group , Drs. Marcia Angell , Stephanie Woolhandler , and David Himmelstein , who are nationally known and accomplished single payer advocates or Rose Ann DeMoro , executive director of the fast - growing California Nurses Association .
Mr. Obama even tried to exclude any advocate of a single payer system - previously favored by Obama and still favored by a majority of the American people , doctors and nurses - from his roundtable meetings convened to receive the views of different constituencies .
" Make me do it " was the advice of Franklin Delano Roosevelt to reformers when faced with legislation he desired but did not have the votes for in Congress .
Mr. Obama is not exerting that plea for people power .
Were he to do that , he would be encouraging daily public hearings in the Senate and the House on the bureaucratic waste , greed , overbilling , collusion , and fraud that many in the corporate world have inflicted with their costly , pay or die health care industry .
Such publicized hearings would keep him on the offensive .
It would arouse the public and focus energies on the main problem - the corporatization of medicine .
This commercialism has left tens of millions of people without health insurance , caused 20,000 fatalities a year , and cost Americans twice or more per capita than have full Medicare systems in western countries , which have better health outcomes than the U.S .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Further indication of Obama 's corporate dealings is that he never identified himself with a specific bill with a House and Senate number that he could rally the people around .
No wonder people are confused , frustrated and angry .
President Obama did not stand for an unambiguous proposal .
He thereby emboldened both the cash and carry Blue dog Democrats to rebel and the Republican yahoos to launch their lies and distortions via Rush Limbaugh and similar trash media .
Obama is about to make his biggest mistake to date by favoring the bipartisan deal his assistants are working out with Blue Dog Senator Max Baucus and his Republican counterparts on the Senate Finance Committee .
This proposal has no public option , no consumer protections or restraints on the mayhem and skyrocketing charges of the so - called health care industry .
Already the less corporate - indentured bills being reported from the House Committee by Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - CA ) and his allies are getting short - shrift from a White House that clearly views the forthcoming Baucus - Grassley " compromise " as the " more practical " go - to legislation .
There is reliable word that the AFL - CIO will endorse whatever Obama approves , with the exceptions of the California Nurses Association and the Sheet Metal Workers ' union .
The latter , through their president , Michael J. Sullivan , announced in late July that it was suspending all future campaign contributions to any candidate for Congress or the Presidency .
Already over sixty progressive members of the House , headed by Congresswoman Lynn Woolsey ( D - CA ) have declared opposition to these unacceptable compromises moving forward in both the House and the Senate .
So is gridlock around the corner ?
Will there be a health insurance reform of any stripe signed into law this year ?
It depends on the alliances that settle for the lowest corporate denominators being blocked by the unyielding principled stands of the progressives who want something that puts patients above the failed profiteering vendors .
The guess here is that Obama will sign anything which squirms through a cowardly Congress that cannot give to the American people in 2009 the health care system Congress stopped President Harry Truman from establishing in 1950 .
It is up to the people of our country to " make him do it " whether this year or next .
A mere one million immediate calls to members of Congress by one million assertive citizens will start sobering up these legislators who think they can get away with another sale of our public trust .
The Congressional switchboard is 202-224-3121 .
The full Medicare , single payer bill ( backed by nearly ninety legislators ) is H.R. 676 .
The go - to citizen group for your sustained engagement is singlepayeraction.org .
The rest is up to you , the majority , who want to put the people first .
I had been eagerly awaiting the release candidate of the latest GHC ( 6.12 ) .
Last night , the GHC team delivered .
Straight away , I downloaded and installed it on octopus , the 8 - core machine I use for benchmarking .
In the last part of the boids guide I did some benchmarking on octopus to see what speed - up I got with the boids .
This was the result ( click on image for full - size , wordpress ’s thumbnails are quite poor ) :
Since then , I have optimised the CHP library , and installed GHC 6.12.1rc1 .
The result is a better graph , that takes less time sequentially , and has a better speed - up profile ( including taking out that nasty upswing at the end of the first graph — click for full - size ) :
Edit : the graph now includes the GHC 6.10 time ( including CHP optimisations ) and GHC 6.12.1 - rc1 time ( same CHP optimisations ) , so you can get an idea of the differences .
Apologies for not overlaying it on one graph , but I have mislaid the source figures for the original graph .
I should benchmark all this properly and put the error bars on , etc .
I ’m pleased with the effect that the optimisations and the GHC upgrade have had .
The thing I really want to play with next is Satnam Singh ’s ThreadScope , which visualises the thread usage with GHC 6.12 , and will hopefully allow me to play with profiling - directed optimisation of CHP programs .
" thousands of aid workers who have devoted their lives to humanitarian work , matching idealism with action , and principles with practice .
Their selfless and non-political endeavours are vital for the necessary acceptance by all concerned that assistance to the needy should be provided impartially and neutrally , without
reference to religion , gender , or race . "
August 19 2003 was a turning point after which attacks on aidworkers became more frequent and equally violent .
2008 had the highest amount of security incidents involving humanitarian aid workers : 260 humanitarians were victims of security incidents .
122 aidworkers were killed , and 62 were kidnapped . (
Despite all these efforts and human sacrifices , the world is still in a sad state :
According to the Food and Agriculture Organisation ( FAO ) , world hunger is projected to reach a historic high in 2009 , with just over a billion people going hungry every day .
Violence and war forced 15.2 million people to flee their own country while at least 26 million have been displaced within their own countries .
In 2008 more than 9 million children died before their fifth birthday .
Most of these children lived in developing countries and died from a disease or a combination of diseases that could easily have been prevented or treated .
Every year , 1.8 million people die from diarrhoeal diseases
An average of 211 million people are directly affected each year by natural disasters .
Millions of the world 's most vulnerable are expected to be affected by climate change , increasing prolonged droughts , repeated floods and more frequent cyclones and hurricanes .
While humanitarian needs are increasing because of the economic crisis and other global challenges such as population pressure , global health pandemics , and price spikes , the global economic crisis puts pressure on the aid budgets of all donor governments .
More on The Road about In short , it is a day dedicated to us , aidworkers .
Why August 19th , you may ask ?
On August 19 2003 , " Canal Hotel " , the UN office and living compound in Baghdad was hit by a massive terrorist attack , leaving 22 UN staff dead and dozens wounded , as you can read in my Ebook shortstory A Requiem for Baghdad August 19 2003 was a turning point after which attacks on aidworkers became more frequent and equally violent .
2008 had the highest amount of security incidents involving humanitarian aid workers : 260 humanitarians were victims of security incidents .
122 aidworkers were killed , and 62 were kidnapped .
( Source Despite all these efforts and human sacrifices , the world is still in a sad state : More on The Road about aidworkers
OCHA ( the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ) launches the " World Humanitarian Day " .
It is dedicated to
Introduction
In the last installment of this series , I described a basic filesystem - based content management system ( called “ Blaaargh ” ) I built to power my homepage .
In this ( tremendously overdue ) post , the final one of the series , I ’ll give you a quick walkthrough of Blaaargh ’s basic design and code .
You can also view the Blaaargh API documentation and manual , which describes how Blaaargh is configured and used .
About Blaaargh Blaaargh is a minimalist program with a stupid name , called after the sound I want to make whenever I hear or read “ blog ” : the clumsiest new word in the English language .
( Canonized by Webster ’s , we ’re stuck with it now , just like “ utilize ” — and part of me dies inside . )
I wrote it to make it quick and easy to push posts and pages to my web site while cleanly separating content from presentation .
( It ’s similar in philosophy to the venerable bloxsom , if you ’ve seen that . )
I should warn you : because I ’m “ O.G. Slackware 1994 ” , “ quick and easy ” for me means writing with God ’s own text editor and publishing with “ git push ” .
Some of Blaaargh ’s design choices : the content database is a directory on the filesystem .
files on the disk with a .md extension are treated as “ posts ” , and get syndicated / indexed / served as such .
Other files are considered to be “ static ” and are served as a typical webserver would .
posts have metadata ( e.g. “ title ” , “ author ” , “ summary ” , publication dates , etc ) —
I decided to encode these in a delimited header within the posts themselves .
posts are read in once and served from RAM ; I do n’t have gigabytes of text content to serve .
posts are styled with templates , using the HStringTemplate library Let ’s walk through the code to see how this all plays together .
Starting with types
If you want to follow along , you can pull up the source to src / Blaaargh / Internal / Types.hs from the Blaaargh repo on github .
In order to make feed generation extra- brainless ( and because it was a reasonable internal representation for post data ) , Post s are just a newtype wrapper around the feed package ’s Atom Entry datatype : newtype Post = Post { unPost :: Atom .
Entry }
deriving ( Show ) HStringTemplate defines a typeclass called ToSElem which allows you to expose an arbitrary datatype to a template ; you can map a String key to a ToSElem value and then refer to the value by name .
Values can be exposed to templates in three ways ; as a String , as a list of ToSElem values , or as a key - value mapping ( allowing you to write things like $ foo. bar$ in your templates . )
The Post datatype will be exposed to templates as a mapping containing fields like “ date ” , “ url ” , “ content ” , etc. : instance ToSElem Atom .
EntryContent where
toSElem ( Atom. TextContent s ) = toSElem s
toSElem ( Atom.HTMLContent s ) = toSElem s
toSElem _ = toSElem ( " " :: String )
...
instance ToSElem Post where
toSElem post @ ( Post p ) = SM $ Map.fromList attrs
where
url = Atom.entry
Id p
body = fromMaybe ( Atom. TextContent " " ) $ Atom.entryContent p
summary = fromMaybe ( Atom.HTMLString " " ) $ Atom.entrySummary p
attrs = [ ( " id " , toSElem url )
, ( " date " , toSElem $ friendly Time $ getPostTime post )
, ( " url " , toSElem url )
, ( " title " , toSElem $ Atom.entryTitle p )
, ( " content " , toSElem body )
, ( " summary " , toSElem summary )
, ( " authors " , toSElemList $ Atom.entryAuthors p ) ]
We also define a ToMessage instance ( from Happstack ) for Atom .
Feed so that we can convert it directly into a response : instance ToMessage Atom .
Feed where
toContentType _ = " application /atom+xml "
toMessage f = L.pack $ XML.showElement $ Atom.xmlFeed f
Next we define a datatype for describing the content directory : type ContentMap = Map ByteString ContentItem
data ContentItem =
ContentPost Post -- ^ a post
| ContentDirectory ByteString ContentMap -- ^ a path prefix + content
-- mapping
| ContentStatic FilePath -- ^ a static file
deriving ( Show )
We ’ll walk this structure when we serve HTTP requests .
Next there is a datatype we use to hold the application state ; it bundles together all of the information we need to serve content .
data BlaaarghState = BlaaarghState
{ blaaarghPath :: FilePath -- ^ path on disk
, blaaarghSiteURL :: String -- ^ site URL , minus slash
-- ( e.g. http://foo.com)
, blaaarghBaseURL :: String -- ^ base URL of content section ,
-- e.g. " / posts "
, blaaarghPostMap :: ContentMap -- ^ content
, blaaarghTemplates :: TemplateDirs -- ^ templates
, blaaarghFeedInfo :: Atom .
Feed -- ^ feed info
, blaaarghFeedExcludes :: ExcludeList -- ^ these URLs wo n't appear in
-- feeds or in post listings
, blaaarghExtraTmpl :: Template ->
Template
-- ^ extra template variables get
-- inserted here
} Some of the fields of this record deserve some special mention : blaaarghFeedInfo contains information that is served with the top - level atom feed , like “ feed title ” .
When we serve atom feeds we ’ll just be tacking some Post s and a little bit of metadata onto this structure .
blaaarghFeedExcludes enumerates posts / directories in the content area that we do n’t wish to traverse when building atom feeds / post indices .
For example , my content area for my homepage contains some “ static ” pages ( “ about ” , “ contact ” ) which would appear in the syndication feed for the site if they were n’t specifically excluded .
( Note that we always skip posts called “ index ” , because we use those when serving directory indices ) .
blaaarghExtraTmpl is a function that transforms string templates , which allows the user to fill in extra template variables .
We also provide a function to help with this : addExtraTemplateArguments :: ToSElem a =>
[( String , a ) ]
-> BlaaarghMonad ()
addExtraTemplateArguments args = do
modify $ \t ->
t { blaaarghExtraTmpl = foldl f ( blaaarghExtraTmpl t ) args }
where
f :: ToSElem a => ( Template -> Template ) -> ( String , a ) -> ( Template -> Template )
f xtmpl ( k , v ) = ( setAttribute k v ) .
xtmpl
Finally , we define the happstack monad we ’ll use to handle Blaaargh requests , as well as a function to run it : type BlaaarghMonad = StateT BlaaarghState IO
type BlaaarghHandler = ServerPartT BlaaarghMonad Response
runBlaaarghHandler :: BlaaarghState
-> ServerPartT BlaaarghMonad a
-> ServerPartT IO
a
runBlaaarghHandler s = mapServerPartT $ \m -> do
( a, _ ) <- runStateT m s
return a
The content area Blaaargh expects to be given a data directory with the following contents : config -- a configuration file content / -- the content area , contains posts & files templates / -- contains templates When Blaaargh is initialized , the content area gets read in from disk and dumped into a BlaaarghState record .
Reading in the content area is pretty straightforward , if you ’d like to examine the details you can read src / Blaaargh / Internal / Post.hs .
Templates
Before we dive into the details of how templates are looked up , I ’ll call your attention to the file src / Blaaargh / Internal / Util / Templates.hs , which is an adaptation of some routines from HStringTemplateHelpers for reading in directory trees containing template files .
The difference between this code and the version from HStringTemplateHelpers is that templates in subdirectories here can refer to templates from their parent directories by name .
It introduces a TemplateDirs type which we ’ll use in the “ business logic ” .
The meat of the templating code resides in src / Blaaargh / Internal / Templates.hs .
I ’ll briefly take you through the details of the findTemplateForPost function , the other public functions ( findTemplateForDirectory and findFourOhFourTemplate ) are similar .
Let ’s say we ’ve received a request for the post “ foo / bar / baz / quux ” .
We need to decide which master template we ’re going to use to present the post contents .
We ’ll search the data directory for the following template files , in order , and use the first one that matches : templates / foo/bar/baz/quux.st
templates/foo/bar/baz/post.st
templates/foo/bar/post.st
templates/foo/post.st
templates /post.st
In other words , we do a cascading template search .
We ’ll rely on a couple of helper functions : lookupTmpl :: TemplateDirs -- ^ templates
-> ( String , ByteString ) -- ^ ( dir , template ) , where " dir "
-- starts with " . / "
-> Maybe ( StringTemplate ByteString )
lookupTmpl tmpls ( d , t ) =
lookupDirgroup d tmpls >>= getStringTemplate ( B.unpack t) The lookupDirgroup function is one of the ones we cribbed from HStringTemplateHelpers ( albeit rewritten ) .
It looks up a template group from the TemplateDirs type and pulls a named template out of it , if it exists .
Next we provide a little function which , when given a list of templates to search , will map lookupTmpl across the list until it finds one that matches ( using the First monoid ) : findFirstMatchingTemplate :: [( String , ByteString ) ]
-> BlaaarghMonad ( Maybe ( StringTemplate ByteString ) )
findFirstMatchingTemplate templatesToSearch = do
templates <- liftM blaaarghTemplates get
return .
get
First . mconcat $
map ( First . lookupTmpl templates ) templatesToSearch
Next we can define the code to do a cascading template search within our Blaaargh monad : cascadingTemplateFind :: [ ByteString ]
-> ByteString
-> BlaaarghMonad ( Maybe ( StringTemplate ByteString ) )
cascadingTemplateFind directories templateName = do
assert ( not $ null directories ) ( return ( ) )
findFirstMatchingTemplate templatesToSearch
where
-- if requested " foo / bar / baz " , then containing Dirs contains
-- [ [ " foo " , " bar " ] , [ " foo " ] , [ ] ]
containing Dirs = tail .
reverse .
inits $ directories
templatesToSearch = map ( \d -> ( listToPath d , templateName ) )
containingDirs
Finally , we ’re ready to lookup the template for a given post : findTemplateForPost :: [ ByteString ] -- ^ path to the post , relative
-- to the " content / " directory ;
-- if the file is in
-- " content/foo/bar/baz.md " then
-- this list will contain
-- [ " foo " , " bar " , " baz " ]
-> BlaaarghMonad ( Maybe ( Template ) )
findTemplateForPost pathList = do
xformTmpl <- liftM blaaarghExtraTmpl get
templates <- liftM blaaarghTemplates get
assert ( not $ null pathList ) ( return ( ) )
let ft = First $ lookupTmpl templates firstTmpl
st <- cascadingTemplateFind pathList " post " >>= return .
First
let mbT = get First ( ft `mappend` st )
return $ xformTmpl `fmap` mbT
where
postName = last pathList
-- search for a template specific to this post first , then walk up
-- the directory structure looking for a template named " post "
firstTmpl = ( listToPath $ init pathList , postName )
This looks up a template for the post first by name ( i.e. requesting “ foo / bar / baz ” results in a lookup for “ templates / foo / bar / baz.st ” ) , then it does a cascading lookup for a template called “ post ” , and if there ’s a template that matches it transforms it using the blaaarghExtraTmpl function we described earlier .
Handling requests
Go ahead and open src / Blaaargh / Internal / Handlers.hs .
The serveBlaaargh handler is the toplevel handler for Blaaargh pages : serveBlaaargh :: BlaaarghHandler
serveBlaaargh = do
methodOnly GET
compressedResponseFilter
cm <- lift get >>= return .
blaaarghPostMap
paths <- askRq >>= return . map B.pack .
rqPaths
serve [ ] paths cm `mappend` fourohfour
where
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
serve :: [ ByteString ] -> [ ByteString ] -> ContentMap -> BlaaarghHandler
serve soFar paths content = do
case paths of
[ ] -> serveIndex soFar content
( a : [ ] ) -> serveFile soFar a content
( a : b ) -> serveDir soFar a b content
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
serveFile :: [ ByteString ] -> ByteString -> ContentMap -> BlaaarghHandler
serveFile soFar a content = do
if a == " feed.xml " then
lift $ serveFeed soFar content
else
maybe mzero
( \f -> case f of
( ContentStatic fp ) -> serveStatic fp
( ContentPost post ) -> lift $ servePost ( soFar ++ [ a ] ) post
( ContentDirectory _ d ) -> serveIndex ( soFar ++ [ a ] ) d)
( Map.lookup a content )
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
serveDir :: [ ByteString ]
-> ByteString
-> [ ByteString ]
-> ContentMap
-> BlaaarghHandler
serveDir soFar d rest content = do
let mbD = Map.lookup d content
maybe mzero
( \f -> case f of
( ContentDirectory _ mp ) -> serve ( soFar ++ [ d ] ) rest mp
_ -> mzero )
mbD
In short , we use the request path to walk down the ContentMap until we find an applicable object to serve , and failing that we throw up a 404 error .
A South African IT company has proved it is faster to transmit data via a carrier pigeon than to send it using the country 's leading internet service provider .
Internet speed and connectivity in Africa 's largest economy are poor because of a bandwidth shortage .
It is also expensive .
Local news agency SAPA reported the 11 - month - old pigeon , Winston , took one hour and eight minutes to fly the 80 km from Unlimited IT 's offices near Pietermaritzburg to the coastal city of Durban with a data card s strapped to his leg .
Including downloading , the transfer took two hours , six minutes and 57 seconds - the time it took for only four percent of the data to be transferred using a line from Telkom , the country 's leading internet service provider .
SAPA said Unlimited IT performed the stunt after becoming frustrated with slow internet transmission times .
The company has 11 call - centres around the country and regularly sends data to its other branches .
Telkom could not immediately be reached for comment .
Internet speed is expected to improve once a new 17,000 km underwater fibre optic cable linking southern and East Africa to other networks becomes operational before South Africa hosts the football World Cup next year .
Local service providers are currently negotiating deals for more bandwidth .
[ / caption ]
Using traditional chemical rockets , a trip to Mars – at quickest — lasts 6 months .
But a new rocket tested successfully last week could potentially cut down travel time to the Red Planet to just 39 days .
The Ad Astra Rocket Company tested a plasma rocket called the VASIMR VX - 200 engine , which ran at 201 kilowatts in a vacuum chamber , passing the 200 - kilowatt mark for the first time .
“ It ’s the most powerful plasma rocket in the world right now , ” says Franklin Chang - Diaz , former NASA astronaut and CEO of Ad Astra .
The company has also signed an agreement with NASA to test a 200 - kilowatt VASIMR engine on the International Space Station in 2013 .
The tests on the ISS would provide periodic boosts to the space station , which gradually drops in altitude due to atmospheric drag .
ISS boosts are currently provided by spacecraft with conventional thrusters , which consume about 7.5 tons of propellant per year .
By cutting this amount down to 0.3 tons , Chang - Diaz estimates that VASIMR could save NASA millions of dollars per year .
The test last week was the first time that a small - scale prototype of the company ’s VASIMR ( Variable Specific Impulse Magnetoplasma Rocket ) rocket engine has been demonstrated at full power .
Plasma , or ion engines uses radio waves to heat gases such as hydrogen , argon , and neon , creating hot plasma .
Magnetic fields force the charged plasma out the back of the engine , producing thrust in the opposite direction .
They provide much less thrust at a given moment than do chemical rockets , which means they can’t break free of the Earth ’s gravity on their own .
Plus , ion engines only work in a vacuum .
But once in space , they can give a continuous push for years , like wind pushing a sailboat , accelerating gradually until the vehicle is moving faster than chemical rockets .
They only produce a pound of thrust , but in space that ’s enough to move 2 tons of cargo .
Due to the high velocity that is possible , less fuel is required than in conventional engines .
Currently , the Dawn spacecraft , on its way to the asteroids Ceres and Vesta , uses ion propulsion , which will enable it to orbit Vesta , then leave and head to Ceres .
This is n’t possible with conventional rockets .
Additionally , in space ion engines have a velocity ten times that of chemical rockets .
Rocket thrust is measured in Newtons ( 1 Newton is about 1/4 pound ) .
Specific impulse is a way to describe the efficiency of rocket engines , and is measured in time ( seconds ) .
It represents the impulse ( change in momentum ) per unit of propellant .
The higher the specific impulse , the less propellant is needed to gain a given amount of momentum .
Dawn ’s engines have a specific impulse of 3100 seconds and a thrust of 90 mNewtons .
A chemical rocket on a spacecraft might have a thrust of up to 500 Newtons , and a specific impulse of less than 1000 seconds .
The VASIMR has 4 Newtons of thrust ( 0.9 pounds ) with a specific impulse of about 6,000 seconds .
The VASIMR has two additional important features that distinguish it from other plasma propulsion systems .
It has the ability to vary the exhaust parameters ( thrust and specific impulse ) in order to optimally match mission requirements .
This results in the lowest trip time with the highest payload for a given fuel load .
In addition , VASIMR has no physical electrodes in contact with the plasma , prolonging the engine ’s lifetime and enabling a higher power density than in other designs .
To make a trip to Mars in 39 days , a 10 - to 20 - megawatt VASIMR engine ion engine would need to be coupled with nuclear power to dramatically shorten human transit times between planets .
The shorter the trip , the less time astronauts would be exposed to space radiation , and a microgravity environment , both of which are significant hurdles for Mars missions .
The engine would work by firing continuously during the first half of the flight to accelerate , then turning to deaccelerate the spacecraft for the second half .
In addition , VASIMR could permit an abort to Earth if problems developed during the early phases of the mission , a capability not available to conventional engines .
VASIMR could also be adapted to handle the high payloads of robotic missions , and propel cargo missions with a very large payload mass fraction .
Trip times and payload mass are major limitations of conventional and nuclear thermal rockets because of their inherently low specific impulse .
Chang - Diaz has been working on the development of the VASIMR concept since 1979 , before founding Ad Astra in 2005 to further develop the project .
Source : PhysOrg
Ever wonder how tomorrow ’s bathrooms would look like ?
Will they be radically different from the ones we have today ?
What technologies would these futuristic bathrooms incorporate ?
Here are some concepts that could give you some idea about what is in store .
If you come across some ideas that you think need to be featured here , please mention them in the comments .
Also we run a steady stream of cool posts like this at Home Designing and if you like to be notified when we have more such inspiring posts , please subscribe to our feed or newsletter !
Let ’s get started now , shall we !
The first three are via Yanko Design , a terrific blog that features new concepts in design .
Check them out if you have n’t already .
There is a good chance that water might become a precious commodity in the future .
Designer Jang Woo -seok keeps this mind while designing his concept bathroom which cleverly reuses the water drained from the sink for flushing the toilet .
Here is another concept by designer Young Sang Eun that lays emphasis on hygiene .
What is special about this design is that on one side it features a urinal and the other a sit - down commode .
With the flip of a switch the design is capable of swiveling around .
It self - sanitizes using Steam and UV .
No more dirty toilet seats .
Another one that focuses on hygiene .
If you are using a toilet on a shared basis the toilet page concept by Jan Ctvrtnik would let you have your own ‘ personal ’ toilet seat .
ADVERTISEMENT
Check out this Phyto - Purification Bathroom by Jun Yasumoto .
Using a natural filtering principle called phyto- purification , the bathroom becomes a mini-eco - system by recycling and regenerating the wastewater .
During its filtering process , the water goes through different steps : –
The rushes are planted in sand which filters larger particles .
The root system of the rushes contain various bacterias which break down these particles for absorption by the plant .
–
The reeds are planted next to the rushes as they have the ability to filter the heavy metals from the water .
–
The floating water hyacinths draw through their roots some of the water borne particles which are still present in the water .
- The lemnas , which are also aquatic plants , bind to the remaining aquatic micro-organisms to complete the filtering process .
- Finally , a carbon filter stops the remaining micro-particles .
The water from the shower and the washbasin is filtered through an organic system before being re-used .
Phyto - purification is a natural water - recycling process which is commonly used in ecological purification systems .
The software giant Microsoft , occasionally tries to visualize and anticipate future lifestyles .
The MSN network recently featured an article that highlights some cutting edge bathroom designs that are already available in the market .
Here are some highlights from it .
Linea Aqua ’s Apollo steam shower lets you relax in the reclining chair as you take a shower and it ’s blue - tinted safety glass with a unique overall shape gives you the feel of your very own space shuttle .
ProSun ’s SunShower offers you more than a bathing experience .
There are tanning unit of 400 watts attached along with a double UV filter so that you might achieve the perfect tan !
Kohler ’s DT VII performance shower has a digital menu which lets you set up a mix shower experience for yourself .
The six shower heads and two shower wands let you experiment a lot .
It also has a mp3 player and you can control the light settings inside according to your mood .
The Ondus bath systems by Grohe lend an organic - digital feel to the bathing experience as you can control the flow of water in the shower and sink which mimic the natural flow of water .
The Kohler VibrAcoustic Bathtub has it all !
You get to soak in the cool tub which has a pre-set music designed to add sound and music vibration to sooth your tired south .
You can change the music pre-sets as well as the chroma therapy colours which light up the tub .
Aquavision brings you an entertaining bathing experience .
Now you can watch television while soaking in the tub on a 17 inch waterproof television .
You may install the TV in various positions inside the bathroom and it will still remain dry .
Aquavision bathroom designs gives you more than entertainment with a hot towel rail .
Plus when you are not watching the television you can use it as a mirror .
Talk about multi-utility !
You can stay connected with the rest of the world through Visomatic ’s waterproof media centre while you soak in your tub .
You can access the television and the internet .
The screen comes in a variety of sizes .
To end with here is an interesting bathroom ( not futuristic , but definitely interesting ) that is made of see through glass in London .
It is see through from the inside but viewed from outside it looks just like a mirror .
Comments anyone ? :)
If you enjoyed these futuristic concepts and would like to see more stuff from the future , check out our feature on kitchens of the future .
You will love it !
On October 4 , 1963 ,
Haile Selassie I , Emperor of Ethiopia
, gave a speech to the United Nations General Assembly that includes a famous quotation you almost surely know if you ’re a fan of the late , great Reggae musician
Bob Marley
.
Selassie ’s speech provided the basis for one of Marley ’s most popular songs , titled “ War . ”
It ’s included on the classic Bob Marley & the Wailers album , Rastaman Vibration , released by Island Records on April 30 , 1976 .
Here ’s are key words from the speech that Bob Marley incorporated into the lyrics of his song and made familiar to millions of people :
“ Until the philosophy which holds one race superior and another inferior is finally and permanently discredited and abandoned ... Until there are no longer first class and second class citizens of any nation ...
Until the color of a man ’s skin is of no more significance than the color of his eyes ...
Until the basic human rights are equally guaranteed to all without regard to race …
Until that day , the dream of lasting peace ... will remain but a fleeting illusion , to be pursued but never attained . ”
Until the day when racism no longer exists , Marley sings at the end of the verses , there will be “ War… Me say war . ”
In 1963 and 1976 , the word war literally meant armed rebellions by oppressed black people in countries like South Africa , Angola and Mozambique .
But in my own mind , and I think in the minds of other Marley fans , it has also taken on a more symbolic meaning ; a word that can also be used describe nonviolent protests and actions against injustice and inequality .
As a fan of Bob Marley since the late ‘ 70s , I ’ve listened to “ War ” many times .
It still awes and inspires me to hear Bob and the Wailers sing it or see them perform it in videos on YouTube .
However , while I am no expert on “ H.I.M . ” ( His Imperial Majesty ) Haile Selassie , I have read enough to know that his record as Emperor of Ethiopia includes some things that can seem at odds with the concept of equal rights and justice .
Selassie was born in 1892 into Ethiopia ’s royal family , which practiced the
Ethiopian Orthodox
version of Christianity and traced the family ’s origins back to King Solomon of Israel and Makeda , Queen of Sheba .
His birth name was Tafari Mkonnen .
As a young nobleman he was called “ Ras Tafari ” – the title “ Ras ” roughly translating as “ Duke ” in English .
This became the inspiration for the name of the Rastafari movement created in 1933 by Jamaican preacher Leonard Percival Howell , whose teachings combined Pan Africanism and Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity with the use of the “ sacred herb ” — ganja .
Howell believed that Tafari was the “ Black Messiah , ” an incarnation of God on Earth , the “ Dread Lion ” of Judah , King of Kings , predicted by Biblical prophecy .
To Howell and his followers , Tafari ’s coronation as Emperor was the realization of that prophecy .
Tafari ascended to the throne in 1930 , though not peaceably .
He had to use his family ’s army to defeat that of a rival royal family at the Battle of Anchem .
Once in control of the throne , he took the name Haile Selassie , meaning “ Power of the Trinity . ”
Although it ’s hard to think of any absolute monarchy as a bastion of freedom , he did take steps in what most people would think of as a positive direction .
For example , he introduced Ethiopia ’s first written constitution in 1931 .
It ensured some basic rights for most Ethiopian citizens and created a bicameral legislature .
Selassie portrayed it as a transitional stage to democracy .
However , it kept most real political power in the hands of the Emperor and Ethiopia ’s major landowning families and did not lead to the abolition of slavery in the country .
This was not a minor human rights issue , given that Ethiopia had an estimated two million slaves — in this case , black people kept as “ vassals ” by wealthy black people — out of a population of about eleven million .
Nonetheless , the reforms Selassie pursued and his efforts to modernize Ethiopia ’s infrastructure and encourage education , made him seem like a relatively enlightened and progressive African leader to observers in Western countries and the Caribbean .
And , his fame increased in the years leading up to Word War II .
During Selassie ’s youth , Italy controlled the area north of Ethiopia called Eritrea .
In 1896 , Italy attempted to expand its control southward .
This led to the Battle of Adwa , in which Ethiopia ’s army defeated Italy ’s colonial forces .
In 1935 , Italy ’s Fascist dictator Benito Mussolini , ally of Nazi Germany , had his modern army invade Ethiopia .
This time the Italians prevailed .
Haile Selassie fled to England .
Several months later , on June 20 , 1936 , he addressed the League of Nations , forerunner of the United Nations .
In his speech , Selassie asked Westerns nations and other League members to help Ethiopia overthrow its Italian invaders .
He warned , prophetically , “ It is us today , it will be you tomorrow . ”
The speech made Selassie an even bigger celebrity .
TIME magazine named him “ Man of the Year ” and featured him on the cover of the January 6 , 1936 issue .
But neither the League of Nations nor its members helped Ethiopia fight Italy — until Selassie ’s prediction came true and Western democracies were battling Nazi Germany and Italy themselves during World War II .
In 1941 , British forces liberated Ethiopia .
Selassie returned to the throne .
To his credit , one of his first actions upon regaining power was to outlaw slavery .
After World War II , he was a leader in efforts to help African countries transition to independence from European colonial rule .
Toward that end , Selassie brought representatives of 32 African governments together in 1963 to form the Organisation of African Unity ( OAU ) .
At the initial OAU Conference held in Ethiopia ’s capital Addis Ababa in May 1963 , the group ’s members pledged to increase cooperation among African states to improve the lives of people throughout Africa and eliminate the last bastions of colonialism in South Africa , Angola and Mozambique .
Selassie was also a leading promoter of Pan Africanism , which fostered a sense of unity and pride among black people throughout the world whose ancestors were taken from Africa as slaves .
For these and other reasons , from the ‘ 30s to the ‘ 70s Selassie was increasingly viewed as a towering hero in Africa and the Caribbean islands .
He was particularly popular in Jamaica among members of the Rastafarian movement , which had grown considerably in the 1960s .
Selassie was aware of the Rastafarians .
But he did n’t visit Jamaica until April 21 , 1966 .
When he landed at the Kingston airport that day , he was surprised to find an estimated one hundred thousand Rastafarians from throughout the country had gathered in Kingston to see him .
One of them was Alpharita “ Rita ” Marley , who had married Bob two months previously .
Rita was into Rastafarianism before Bob .
But he , too , became a knowledgeable and devoted Rastafarian , eventually the most famous Rasta on the planet .
Among the things he read about Haile Selassie that inspired him was the eloquent speech the Emperor gave to the United Nations on October 4 , 1963 , five months after the OAU ’s Addis Ababa Conference .
In that remarkable speech , Selassie urged the United Nations and its members to work together to stop the nuclear arms race and take a stand against the apartheid government in South Africa and racism in general .
Selassie chose to give the speech in his native language , Amharic .
It was later translated into English by the Imperial Ethiopian Ministry of Information , and published in the 1972 book Important Utterances Of H.I.M. Emperor Haile Selassie I , a seminal source for Rastafarians .
In English , the key part of Selassie ’s speech that inspired Bob Marley ’s song “ War ” is as follows .
“ On the question of racial discrimination , the Addis Ababa Conference taught , to those who will learn , this further lesson :
that until the philosophy which holds one race superior and another inferior is finally and permanently discredited and abandoned ;
that until there are no longer first class and second class citizens of any nation ;
that until the color of a man 's skin is of no more significance than the color of his eyes ;
that until the basic human rights are equally guaranteed to all without regard to race ;
that until that day , the dream of lasting peace and world citizenship and the rule of international morality will remain but a fleeting illusion , to be pursued but never attained .
And until the ignoble and unhappy regimes that hold our brothers in Angola , in Mozambique and in South Africa in subhuman bondage have been toppled and destroyed ;
until bigotry and prejudice and malicious and inhuman self - interest have been replaced by understanding and tolerance and good will ;
until all Africans stand and speak as free beings , equal in the eyes of all men , as they are in the eyes of Heaven ;
until that day , the African continent will not know peace .
We Africans will fight , if necessary , and we know that we shall win , as we are confident in the victory of good over evil . ”
Those words , turned into lyrics and set to music by Marley , are incredibly eloquent and stirring .
Given the events that occurred in Ethiopia between 1963 and Selassie ’s death in 1975 , they are also somewhat ironic .
During his final decade as Emperor , human rights groups criticized Selassie ’s regime for suppressing civil liberties and torturing political prisoners .
His army was charged with committing shocking atrocities against rebels who wanted independence for Eritrea , which Selassie had absorbed into Ethiopia after World War II with the approval of the Western Allies and United Nations — but against the will of most people living there .
Those atrocities reportedly included mass slaughters of civilians during late ‘ 60s and early ‘ 70s , later described as an attempt at the “ ethnic cleansing ” of the Muslim Harari people of Eritrea .
In 1974 , a famine in Ethiopia killed tens of thousands of people .
Skyrocketing inflation led to riots .
That September , Selassie was overthrown and imprisoned by a Soviet - backed group of Marxists called the Derg .
The following year , on August 28 , 1975 , the Ethiopian state media reported that Haile Selassie had died of “ respiratory failure ” at age 83 following complications from a prostate operation .
His followers believed he had been murdered .
The Derg imposed a brutal Communist dictatorship on Ethiopia that was far worse than Selassie ’s regime .
When they were ousted by an armed revolt in 1991 , Selassie ’s bones were found on the palace grounds .
For the next nine years they were kept in a coffin in a local church .
One November 5 , 2000 , the Ethiopian Orthodox church held an imperial - style funeral for Selassie .
One of the people who attended was Rita Marley .
Her husband Bob , the Rasta who made Selassie ’s UN speech a musical anthem , had died of cancer in 1981 .
In the intervening years Rita and Bob ’s sons and daughters mastered the music business in ways Bob probably never dreamed of and turned his musical legacy into a worldwide multi-faceted business empire .
One part of that legacy is the song “ War , ” which has helped make millions of people who know little or nothing about Haile Selassie familiar with his most famous quotation .
* * * * * * * * * *
Comments ?
Corrections ?
Post them on my Famous Quotations Facebook page or send me an email .
Related listening , reading and viewing …
Ferrofluids !
Posted by Sean Brogan on Tuesday , July 14th , 2009 at 7:32 pm
What do you get when you suspend nanoparticles of iron in a colloidal solution of water , oil and a surfactant ?
Ferrofluids , a liquid that reacts to magnetic fields in trippy ways that make you think that science is both magical and potentially evil .
In a divorce or other family law matter , you need a strong advocate who will stand by you through every stage of your case .
We are those advocates .
Numerous people sent me a link to a preposterous statement by fund manager Ken Fisher regarding debt .
Please consider Too Much Debt ?
Please .
We Need MORE Debt , Says Ken Fisher .
The conventional wisdom is that Americans are struggling to crawl out from under a mountain of debt that will restrain growth and weigh down the economy for decades .
As [ the following ] chart shows , the US debt - to - GDP ratio recently soared to an all time high of 370 % , meaning that for every $ 1 of output we produce , we have borrowed $ 3.70 .
This compares to a long - term debt - to - GDP average of about 150 % .
click on chart for sharper image
Last time we went on a massive debt binge , in the 1920s , our debt - to - GDP ratio hit a relatively mild 250 % , and we spent the better part of two decades ( and the Great Depression ) working it off .
Many economists think the same thing will happen this time around .
But they 're wrong , says Ken Fisher , CEO of Fisher Investments ( $ 35 billion under management ) , in a wildly contrarian view .
The U.S. has too little debt , not too much , Fisher says .
The U.S. 's return on assets is high and interest rates are low , so our borrowing capacity is much higher than our current debt levels .
Also , Fisher says , you have to look at the U.S. in the context of the world , because the U.S. is only 25 % of world GDP .
The world is way under - leveraged , so one country 's particular debt - to - GDP ratio does n't matter .
We had Ken Fisher on TechTicker yesterday .
Ken has managed money for nearly 40 years , and now has $ 35 billion of assets under management .
You make the big money on Wall Street when you hold a view that is so contrarian that most people think you are nuts .
So Ken 's argument certainly merits consideration .
But I have to admit that , right now , I think he 's nuts .
Contrarian or Nuts ?
Can Fisher Ever Say Sell ?
Afghanistan is likely to hold a runoff election to decide the country 's new president , said some Afghan and Western officials , an outcome that would prolong the political uncertainty that has hurt U.S. efforts to beat back resurgent Taliban militants .
The United Nations - backed Afghan Electoral Complaints Commission on Thursday completed an audit of votes from the August first round of the election , which was tainted by allegations of widespread fraud .
Afghanistan 's Independent Election Commission will now subtract from the total count the votes disqualified by the ECC .
Results are expected this weekend .
If enough votes are rejected , President Hamid Karzai 's share could fall below the majority needed to avoid a runoff with top challenger Abdullah Abdullah .
Mr. Karzai's office in Kabul and Dr. Abdullah 's team said separately Thursday that they were still expecting the president to emerge from the audit as the outright winner .
But other officials said to expect a second round .
" A runoff is a likely scenario , " Afghanistan 's ambassador to the U.S. , Said Tayeb Jawed , told a conference in Washington hosted by the U.S. Institute of Peace .
" If that 's what it is , everyone should work very hard to make that happen . "
news Rosie DiManno Libels the Dead Anyway
Photograph of David Dewees from the Toronto Police .
On Saturday morning , David Dewees killed himself .
On October 1 , two days before , Toronto Police had charged the Jarvis Collegiate teacher with two counts of invitation to sexual touching and two counts of luring .
The police allege that “ between July 2008 and July 2009 , [ Dewees ] befriended two boys while working at the Ontario Pioneer Camp in Port Sydney , Ontario , ” and that “ he had inappropriate contact with them over the Internet . ”
( The photo at right , and those charges , are from the police press release . )
As is often the case , the accusation made the news , including the Star , which misreported that Dewees was charged with sexual assault of the two boys .
And now Dewees is dead .
Guessing the precise cause or causes for his suicide would not just be callous , but useless , since we ca n’t know whether he jumped in front of a train at High Park Station because he was guilty and knew his life was ruined , or because he was n’t guilty and knew his life was ruined , or because of all the media attention , or because he had a history of suicidal thoughts , or because there was something els —oh , wait , the Star ‘s Rosie DiManno has figured it out :
Dewees was guilty !
DiManno — who we , as human beings , are not huge fans of — wrote this morning ’s column about Dewees .
It begins : “ David Dewees died an innocent man . ”
Or did he ?
Buckle up :
Our law affords no protection from libel to the dead .
So we will assume by his actions , and for the purpose of exploring this awful event , that Dewees was guilty as charged ; that the Grade 10 English and Latin teacher and volunteer camp counsellor did indeed invite sexual touching — as opposed to actual touching — from boys , luring them on the Internet .
Police said he ’d been removed from his counselling post at the Christian - based Ontario Pioneer Camp in Port Sydney , Ont. , after the emails surfaced .
And :
His kink , a sexual attraction to boys , was the nub of the thing and it was out there in the public domain .
His reputation was in ruins , even if many students still admired and respected the guy .
In the way of these matters , that reputation would not have been resurrected either , in the event of acquittal .
A sexual compulsion for minors is hard - wired in the brain .
There ’s little Dewees could have done to alter his thoughts …
And :
If Dewees was aroused by boys , prudence demanded he put himself far from temptation , although there ’s really no such thing as safe distance in an online universe .
Yet he taught pubescent boys and volunteered at a youth camp .
He was a figure of trust and authority .
That was his betrayal .
And :
He was flirting with public exposure and disaster .
It must have both thrilled and sickened him .
On popular links sharing site Reddit , the column is one of the most discussed items , with many commenters emailing DiManno with various levels of decorum , and some claiming to have received emails back from her .
One alleged response : “ Do n’t be daft .
You know very well why Mr. Dewees killed himself . ”
Which , if DiManno said it — and if she did n’t , her column said the same thing for her — is a spectacularly and measurably wrong thing to assert .
But in the tidy world of Rosie DiManno , newspaper columnists can read minds , and suicide is a guilty plea .
In the tidy world of Rosie DiManno , she is judge , jury , and executioner .
Thanks to readers David C and Michael Lawrie for the heads - up .
A joint study by two political watchdog groups has found that Sen.
Max Baucus — the Montana Democrat who authored the principal health care reform bill being debated in the Senate — was a major recipient of “ contribution clusters ” from lobbyists linked to health care groups .
The study , from the Center for Responsive Politics and the Sunlight Foundation , says members of Congress working on health care reform are receiving more money from the health industry than people realize .
ADVERTISEMENT
This is because private lobbyists are donating to politicians who have already received donations from the groups those lobbyists represent , a practice the watchdogs describe as “ contribution clusters . ”
The “ never - before - seen ” numbers , as the Sunlight Foundation describes them , show that Baucus collected contributions from 37 outside lobbyists representing PhRMA , the pharmaceutical industry ’s chief trade association , and 36 lobbyists who listed biotech firm Amgen as their client .
In all , 11 major health and insurance firms had their contributions to Baucus boosted through extra donations from 10 or more of their outside lobbyists .
On Tuesday night , the Senate Finance Committee , which Baucus heads , voted down two proposals for a government - run public option for health care .
Baucus is third on the list for “ contribution clusters ” from the health industry , behind Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - KY ) , in second place , and Arizona Sen .
John McCain , who came in first — though , as the study noted , McCain ’s donations were likely inflated by his presidential campaign last year .
ADVERTISEMENT
View the full donations list here .
The watchdog groups have created a graphic called “ Max Baucus ’ Wheel of Health Care Contributions , ” which shows the senator ’s largest health care donor is California - based biotech firm Amgen .
That company gave Baucus $ 111,000 in the two - and - a - half - year period , by way of direct donations and no less than 36 other lobbyists .
In second place is PhRMA , the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America , an industry group that represents drug makers .
They gave Baucus nearly $ 89,000 by way of 37 lobbyists .
Among PhRMA ’s members are pharma giants AstraZeneca , Merck and Pfizer , all of whom also donated directly and by way of “ contribution clusters ” to Baucus .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There is no indication that the extra giving by lobbyists was part of a planned effort by the health care firms to solidify their support among key members of Congress , ” the Sunlight Foundation notes in an article published Thursday .
“ But whether coordinated or not , the newly - found clusters of lobbyist giving clearly illustrate the intensity of the full - court press that the industry is currently waging on Capitol Hill . ”
— Diane Sweet contributed to this report
Devil Debt Will Have His Due
Here at The Daily Reckoning we may hate the devil and renounce all his works … but we ’re betting on him anyway …
Let ’s begin with the headlines :
“ Financials Slam Wall Street , ” says a headline .
The Dow fell 92 points .
Makes us think the financials did n’t slam it very hard .
Gold rose .
Oil rose .
And the dollar sank below $ 1.50 per euro …another milestone .
As we reported yesterday , investors think the recovery is for real … and that it will boost up prices of commodities and stocks .
The dollar , on the other hand , is chopped liver .
But we have a feeling that the devil is on the side of the dollar .
Let ’s us explain .
“ How Wall Street Will Kill the Recovery , ” is a headline at BusinessWeek .
Finally , everyone is catching on to how it works .
The big banks take the feds ’ money … then they speculate with it … or lend it back to the Fed for an easy 400 basis points of gain .
At Seeking Alpha , they ’re talking about “ the return of Japan ’s zombie finance . ”
Over at The Wall Street Journal they ’ve talking about America ’s own “ Zombie banks . ”
But these monsters are only reacting to the jolt of juice given them by the Dr. Frankensteins at the Fed and the Treasury .
It has become very unprofitable to hold cash ; the feds are creating more of it by the boatload .
You get a minimal rate of return on cash … while other assets go up .
And the feds ca n’t stop …or change course … not without sinking the whole economy .
They may talk about an ‘ exit strategy . ’
But the exits are blocked .
Remember cash is created when the feds “ monetize the debt ” by buying US Treasury bonds .
In order to exit … that is , in order to reduce the monetary base … they ’d have to sell those bonds back into the open market .
Are you kidding , dear reader ?
After being the single largest buyer on the planet ?
Imagine what will happen to the bond market when investors realize that the Fed is selling !
It ’s not going to happen .
Instead , that $ 1 trillion increase in the monetary base is more or less permanent … and it ’s eventually going to turn up as inflation .
The feds have no idea what is going on .
They consistently misunderestimate the devil … the market … and the economy .
And they consistently misoverestimate themselves .
In short , the old timers were right .
To them , an economy was a natural thing … like an eco-system …or a language .
It followed natural rules …rules that no man could change .
It was like a living organism .
It needed to breathe in and breathe out .
And like all things under heaven , it was subject to moral laws .
Do the wrong thing and you ( an economy … as well as an individual ) will pay the price .
You do n’t get what you want from markets … you get what you deserve .
This seemed intuitively correct to generations of economists .
Not only that , it was proved correct time and time again .
Each time people borrowed too much and spent too much money , they came a cropper .
You may ask : “ How much is too much ? ” According to the record , compiled and analyzed by professors Reinhart and Rogoff , it ’s impossible to say exactly .
One nation can support public debt of 200 % of its GDP ( Japan comes to mind ) … another cracks up at 50 % ( think of Argentina ) .
A man like Donald Trump can carry millions in debt … another goes broke if you lend him 20 bucks .
( At one point Donald Trump was the poorest man in the world .
His net worth was negative by 10s of millions ( we do n’t recall the figure ) .
All over the world , hundreds of millions of people could have said : ‘ I ’m richer than Donald Trump . ’
Even if you did n’t have a dime , you were richer than The Donald . )
So , how much is too much debt ?
It depends on what you use the money for …how much you have in assets … whether your earnings are shrinking or growing … and a number of other questions .
But while the answers are n’t simple , the questions should still be asked :
If you run up a debt , how are you going to pay it back ?
What will happen if you do n’t pay it back ?
A professor at the University of Basel , Peter Bernholz , thinks he has the answer .
He studied instances of hyperinflation .
He believes that you get hyperinflation any time the government spends 166 % or more of what it receives in revenues .
This should set off alarm bells .
The US budget is now about 170 % of tax receipts .
The feds ca n’t repay the record amounts they ’re borrowing – not without a major political crisis .
They ’d have to cut spending and raise taxes so dramatically it would cause a backlash .
The parasites would revolt .
It would probably unseat the ruling party and break the repayment plan .
Generally , people prefer inflation … or default …to actually paying their public debts .
One way or another , however , the devil debt will have his due .
Somebody is going to pay – if not the borrower … then surely the lender .
There ’s a bullet out there .
Someone has to take it .
But who believes it ?
The old economists are dead .
John Maynard Keynes denied that debt mattered very much .
Then , his successors forgot that it mattered .
Dick Cheney told his party to stop worrying about it .
And now a whole plethora of modern economists and politicians believe that the problem with today ’s economy is that there is not enough of it .
Debt that is .
They think the government should borrow and spend even more .
To them , the whole secret to a healthy economy is how much money people spend .
Yes , it ’s absurd , but that does n’t make it unpopular .
People like spending money .
And they welcome economists who tell them that they ’re doing the right thing .
Since Keynes , economists pretend the devil does n’t exist .
They believe they are not part of nature … controlled by natural laws .
Instead , they want to take control of nature .
And the only way they can get a grip on economies is to break the boom - bust business cycle .
And you ca n’t do that unless you pretend that debt does n’t matter .
The trouble with real markets is that they are always subject to human emotions and human calculations .
It is a quality that George Soros describes as “ reflexivity . ”
Markets act differently , depending on what people believe .
And when the authorities try to turn their knobs and yank on their levers , it changes both what people believe and what they do – but not necessarily in the way the feds want .
It is much easier to manipulate speculative markets than it is to manipulate the real economy .
Want to drive up prices ?
Just give speculators some free money to play with !
Guarantee their debts !
Bail them out of their stupid positions !
That ’s what the feds have done .
And that ’s why the banks – the recipients and conduits for the free money – are making profits .
Goldman allocated $ 527,000 , per employee , in compensation for the first 9 months of this year .
An increase of 46 % over last year .
Gold , oil , copper , stocks – all are in government - induced speculative booms .
But the underlying economy is harder to move .
In order to get consumers to spend , the feds have to put money into their hands … and raise prices so consumers will want to get rid of it , rather than hoard it .
But that is proving very hard to do .
Why ?
Because of the debt .
Consumers have to pay down their debt .
They have to cut back .
They have to spend less .
So , the economy shrinks .
And now The Wall Street Journal is talking about another downdraft in the housing market .
It could get “ even uglier ” it says .
Why ?
The mortgage debt that still have to be reset and rescheduled .
Apartment rents are falling as unsold units are put up for rent .
Sales at luxury stores go down as consumers work their way back down the price chain .
Why ?
They have to spend less as they pay off their debts .
Yes , you can ignore debt… until you go broke !
No other family law firm takes care of their clients first like we do .
It is our number one goal and job to make sure you are happy with the result we receive .
Everything we do is geared toward getting the case done right and you being involved with us every step of the way .
In our office , people come first , not paperwork .
Family law is hard work and emotional .
People are going through the worst time of their life .
They want to fight .
Unfortunately , in today ’s world , so do all of the attorneys .
As a result , you need attorneys that can work well both outside of court and inside of court .
We will do our best to win your case first by properly negotiating a settlement .
If that does not work , there are no better trial attorneys than the attorneys at Murphy & Dunn , P.C .
Please contact us today to schedule your free initial office consultation with one of our attorneys to see if we can help you and your family in resolving your family law matter .
You can call us at ( 309 ) 674-5551 and we will connect you to the right person at the right office .
You can also reach out here to schedule your appointment .
We look forward to meeting you and doing our very best to make sure you get the best result possible .
Today 's loose monetary policy , which is helping the economy recover , will bring tomorrow 's next big economic disaster -- a commodity crisis , with spiking oil prices , writes Francisco Blanch in the Financial Times .
Blanch , head of global commodities research at BofA / Merrill says , " The largest rise yet in global commodity prices and the most pronounced credit collapse in history occurred in the same quarter , in that precise order , for a reason . "
In the last ten years , money flowed to sectors like the housing market , rather than expanding commodity production .
The global economy grew , but it was on tenuous footing because we live in a world with a limited amount of natural resources .
Demand for oil , and other commodities grew , but at some point there had to be a push back :
Simply put , limited quantities of energy , grains and metals just could not sustain strong global gross domestic product growth for ever .
The rise in energy prices in the third quarter of 2008 and subsequent collapse in credit markets ultimately forced world economic growth into negative territory , pushing down industrial activity and driving up unemployment .
Central banks then rushed to avoid deflationary pressures by producing as much money as they saw fit .
The divergence between oil and money has never been so apparent .
For decades , the expansion of global oil consumption closely followed the expansion in global economic activity and global money supply .
This relationship between the economy , oil and money started to change in 2005 , owing to serious physical oil supply bottlenecks .
Unlike oil , the supply of money and credit grew unconstrained from 2005 to 2008 as the global economy expanded , pushing up asset values worldwide .
In their effort to bring the good times back , most central bankers have conveniently chosen to ignore the second - round effects of exceptionally loose monetary policy .
Blanch says we 're going to see this happen all over again .
What will happen next ?
This recovery is ultimately about a sustained expansion of domestic demand in emerging markets .
Thus , EM central bank responses matter more to oil prices than US Federal Reserve policy .
Our economics team believes that severe monetary policy tightening in EMs such as China is unlikely in the near term .
Inevitably , the gap between money and oil supply will grow again .
For developed nations , he says , " there is nowhere to hide . "
The price of oil will stay below $ 80 until 2010 , as the global economy gets back on its feet .
Once the world economy is in recovery mode by the end of 2010 , expect the price of oil to move above $ 80 , and stay there permanently .
The higher oil prices will " act as an important drain on disposable income for most of the developed world . "
Four Democratic U.S. senators will introduce a bill to repeal a provision protecting telecommunications carriers from lawsuits targeting their assistance to a controversial U.S. National Security Agency surveillance program .
The new legislation , supported by Senators Chris Dodd of Connecticut , Patrick Leahy of Vermont , Russ Feingold of Wisconsin and Jeff Merkley of Oregon would repeal telecom immunity provisions in the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) Amendments Act , passed by Congress in July 2008 .
The FISA Amendments
Act provides some additional court oversight to the NSA wiretapping program , which former President George Bush 's administration launched after terrorist attacks on the U.S. on Sept. 11 . 2001 .
The FISA Amendments
Act allowed the so - called Terrorist Surveillance Program , which targets electronic communication of some including phone calls and e-mail , to continue until the end of 2012 .
Critics of the NSA program said it illegally targeted U.S. residents ' communications with people linked to terrorist groups without court - approved warrants .
The program was illegal under the U.S. Constitution 's Fourth Amendment , prohibiting unreasonable search and seizure , critics said .
Current U.S. President Barack Obama supported the FISA Amendments
Act , including telecom immunity .
Telecom immunity provisions were needed to protect companies that helped the U.S. government fight terrorism in a time of need , supporters of the immunity provision said .
The new legislation , called the Retroactive Immunity Repeal Act , would allow lawsuits against telecom providers such as AT&T to resume .
" I believe we best defend America when we also defend its founding principles , " Dodd said in a statement .
" We make our nation safer when we eliminate the false choice between liberty and security .
But by granting retroactive immunity to the telecommunications companies who may have participated in warrantless wiretapping of American citizens , the Congress violated the protection of our citizen 's privacy and due process right and we must not allow that to stand . "
Leahy , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , said he was pleased to sponsor the bill .
" Last year , I opposed legislation that stripped Americans of their right to seek accountability for the Bush administration 's decision to illegally wiretap American citizens without a warrant , " he said in a statement .
" We can strengthen national security while protecting Americans ' privacy and civil liberties .
Restoring Americans ' access to the courts is the first step toward bringing some measure of accountability for the Bush - Cheney administration 's decision to conduct warrantless surveillance in violation of our laws . "
The courts , and not the president or Congress , should determine whether the telecom carriers violated the law and rights of U.S. residents , the senators said in a press release .
0 SHARES Share Tweet
The Worldwide Web is awash in images and I expect that some are yours , as there ’s probably not a digital camera owner out there who has n’t shared a photo with a friend , family member , or the world via the Web .
Whether uploading to your own website , a blog , a stock agency , or one of the many sites dedicated to sharing photos , once your digital photo leaves your computer , it becomes part of the vast growing sea of intellectual property that is the Internet .
I could n’t guess how many photos are out there , but if you want to start counting , I can tell you that the 2 - billionth photo was uploaded to Flickr last November .
Let ’s just call it billions and billions ( to misquote Carl Sagan ) .
The ultimate honor system
We put our photos online for many reasons , from simply sharing moments of our lives to earning our livelihoods .
The problem is that the very nature of making a photo viewable on the Internet involves putting it into the digital possession of the viewer .
Imagine a shopping experience where instead of going to a store to pick what you want to buy , you could have every item delivered right to your house for free , but with the understanding that you ’d pay for the items you keep and throw everything else in the trash .
That ’s an extreme example of the “ ultimate honor system , ” but kind of how the Internet works .
Even the act of displaying a photo on a monitor puts it a screen capture away from being saved by the viewer , and a digital file can be reproduced an infinite number of times without loss of quality .
All the files you view in a webpage are saved into a special file on your computer ( the browser ’s cache ) , which is periodically cleared out .
In trying to get a handle on how much of a problem unauthorized image usage is , I spoke to Niran Amir , the Director of Marketing & Sales for PicScout ( www.picscout.com), a company that specializes in using its proprietary image - recognition technology for finding its client ’s rights - managed images being used online in commercial projects .
( Their client list reads like a who ’s who of stock photo agencies . )
All matches found by their Image Tracker technology are passed on to the client , and if a use is determined to be unlicensed , PicScout will assist in recovering financial compensation for that use .
According to Niran , 80 –90 % of the matches they ’ve found were illegitimate uses .
( I expected the percentage of unauthorized uses to be high , but that ’s a staggering figure . )
Reasons for unauthorized uses by image consumers include ignorance of copyright , mistakes in the image acquisition and approval chain , and plain old bad decisions .
While it may be impossible to prevent a determined person from using your work without your permission , there are a couple of things you should do to protect your work : Establish yourself as the copyright owner ; make it harder for the wrong people to use your work ; and make it easier for the right people to find and contact you when they want to use your work with your permission .
Compromises may have to be made and costs considered , and although not every solution will be suited for every place you upload images , it ’s best to focus your attention on the areas that are within your control — right before you click the Upload button .
Register your copyright
According to U.S. Copyright law , you own the copyright to your original work the moment it ’s created ( assuming it ’s not a “ work for hire ” ) without having to register it and without having to affix a copyright notice on the work .
Registering your work with the U.S. Copyright Office creates a public record stating that you ’re the copyright owner .
In this digital age , everything you can do to cement the connections between you and your work is in your best interest .
While this wo n’t prevent your photos from being misused , it ’s a required legal formality before you can file a copyright infringement suit .
If you register your work within three months of publication , or prior to an infringement , and a court decides an infringement took place , you ’ll be able to recoup legal fees and punitive damages in addition to actual damages .
If you register your copyright after an infringement has taken place , your award is limited to actual damages , which means your legal fees come out of your pocket !
You can register both published and unpublished work through the U.S. Copyright office ( http://copyright.gov) by mail for a fee of $ 45 per registration .
With an eye to the future , the Copyright office is now offering an online registration service called eCO ( electronic Copyright Office ) , which is intended to be faster and cheaper ( $ 35 ) than the traditional paper - based method .
Go to http://copyright
.gov /eco if you ’d like to give this new service a try .
Keep in mind , however , that you ’re limited to a 30 - minute upload session , so your connection speed will determine the number of photos you can upload per $ 35 fee .
Pros : Creates a legal public record of your copyright ownership , required before filing a lawsuit , and increases amount of award
when infringement is determined .
Cons : Costs a nominal fee and takes some time .
Verdict :
So , what are you waiting for ?
Embedding metadata
Okay , I ’ll be the first to admit that it ’s all too easy for the end user to strip out the metadata , but just because someone could remove it , should n’t prevent you from including your copyright notice and contact information in every photo that leaves your computer .
Plus if you ’re using Adobe Photoshop , Bridge , or Lightroom to manage your photos , you already have the means to add this to your workflow at no additional cost .
With Bridge and Photoshop , here ’s how to create a metadata template that contains your essential copyright and contact information ( feel free to add more information ) and easily apply it to all your photos :
1 .
Open a photo in Photoshop , or select one in Bridge , and go to File > File Info to open that dialog .
2 .
Choose Copyrighted from the Copyright Status drop - down menu and then enter your Copyright Notice and Copyright Info URL .
3 .
Select IPTC
Contact from the list on the left side of the dialog and fill out all fields .
4 .
Select IPTC Status and fill out the Rights Usage Terms .
5 .
Click the flyout menu arrow at the top of the dialog , choose Save Metadata Template , give it a name , and click Save .
Then click OK to close the File Info dialog .
In the future you can easily apply this metadata template to all your work via that same flyout menu .
If you ’re using Lightroom , it ’s just as easy to create a similar metadata template that you can apply to every photo as part of the Import process .
Here ’s how to do that from the Import Photos dialog :
1 .
Click the Metadata drop - down menu and choose New ,
which will launch the New Metadata Preset dialog .
2 .
Complete all the fields in the IPTC Copyright and IPTC
Creator sections .
3 .
Enter a name in the Preset Name field and click Create .
You ’ll see that your preset name appears in the Metadata field back on the Import dialog , which means that information will be applied to the metadata of all your imported files .
Just make sure that you always select that preset on future imports as well .
Of course , the key here is not to strip this data out when saving your JPEG file destined for the Web .
In Photoshop , if you choose File > Save
As , then all the metadata is preserved , but if you choose File > Save for Web & Devices , only your copyright notice and copyright URL are left in the metadata , unless you check Include XMP from the Save for Web & Devices flyout menu .
In Lightroom , just remember to leave Minimize Embedded Metadata unchecked on the Export dialog , or it will leave only your copyright notice , usage terms , and copyright URL in the exported copies .
Tip :
If you do need to strip out all but the copyright notice and copyright URL for certain uploads , make sure there ’s adequate contact information for you at the copyright URL you designate .
Pros : Embeds your name and detailed contact information into the photo , no cost involved , and easy to incorporate into your workflow .
Cons :
It ’s not permanent and easily removed after it leaves your control .
Verdict :
Make it part of your workflow now .
Adding a visible watermark
With the legal formalities out of the way , the next consideration is the application of a visible watermark , which can be anything ( name , logo , copyright symbol , etc. ) that ’s placed somewhere on the photo and “ burned ” right into the pixels .
Ideally , adding a watermark should serve three purposes : making the photo less useful to those who may download it ; stating that it ’s copyrighted ; and identifying the copyright owner .
According to Carolyn E. Wright ( a.k.a. the Photo Attorney ) , a simple watermark that includes the copyright symbol and your name works great to achieve those ends .
Think of it as digitally “ signing ” your work .
With that kind of visible notification embedded in the image , it reduces the number of people who can claim they did n’t know it was copyrighted ; it further cements the connection between you and your work ; and it may facilitate the right people making contact with you for legitimate uses .
Three key variables to consider when applying a watermark are : size , location , and opacity .
While you want to deter people from stealing your photos , you do n’t want to turn off your paying customers , so finding that sweet spot between just enough and too much is a subjective decision that we each have to make .
There are a slew of free watermarking tutorials for Photoshop out there ( including some at www.layersmagazine.com).
Just do a search for “ watermark . ”
But the simplest way is to use the Type tool ( T ) to enter the © symbol and your name .
( To create the copyright symbol , just press Option - G [ PC : hold the Alt key and enter 0169 using the numeric keypad ] ) .
When exporting photos from Lightroom , you can leverage the copyright metadata you already entered and check the Add Copyright Watermark box on the Export dialog .
This pulls the data you entered in the Copyright field and displays it as a small white watermark on each exported photo .
For a more configurable watermark option from Lightroom , I highly recommend the LR / Mogrify Export plug - in ( donationware ) at http://timothyarmes.com/lrmogrify.php.
And there are also low - cost watermark applications for both Mac and Windows , such as iWatermark ( http://scriptsoftware.com/iwatermark) and Dropwatermark ( http://dropwatermark
.com ) that are great for batch watermarking large groups of photos .
Pros : Literally puts your name on your work where people can see it , and there are lots of options for how it looks .
Cons : Can detract from the eye appeal of the photo ; may not be appropriate for every place you upload photos to ; and can be digitally cropped or removed .
Verdict :
Do it when you can , and as appropriate for that outlet .
Diminish usefulness with diminished sizes
People can only use what you make available .
The usefulness of a photo decreases as its pixel dimensions decrease , and of course the eye appeal decreases at the same time .
The sweet spot you ’re looking for is just large enough to meet the needs for which you ’re uploading the image — and no larger .
Whether you ’re making comps available to potential customers , posting photos to Flickr , or uploading them to your blog , the reason you ’re uploading the image is the determining factor in how big is big enough .
Before we go any further , there ’s a huge point of confusion around the word “ resolution ” that often enters this type of discussion .
On the Web , the resolution of a photo is simply a function of its pixel dimensions ( that is , x pixels long by y pixels wide ) .
You may often hear people say , “ Only put photos at 72 ppi on the Web , ” but the term “ ppi ” ( pixels per inch ) is meaningless in regards to Web display ; it ’s just a metadata tag that tells a printer how large to print a given photo .
Onscreen , however , it ’s pixel dimensions that determine the size ( and usefulness ) of the photo .
For example , if you take a photo that ’s 800×600 pixels into Photoshop and open the Image Size dialog ( Image > Image Size ) , you can uncheck the Resample Image box and set the Resolution field to any number you desire .
Let ’s say we set it to 300 .
All we ’ve done is set the document size to print that photo at 300 ppi—the photo ’s still 800×600 pixels .
Now , keep Resample Image unchecked and change the Resolution to 72 to set the document size to print that photo at 72 ppi .
But it ’s still the same 800×600 - pixel image we had before .
Nothing about the pixels has changed .
If you saved a copy of that photo at 300 ppi and another copy at 72 ppi and put them both in a webpage , they ’d both take up exactly 800×600 pixels onscreen .
There would be absolutely no difference in the quality of the two photos and anyone who downloaded either one could just as simply set the resolution to any value just as we did .
So , how large is large enough will vary with your needs .
After polling some of the staff at Digital Web magazine ( thanks to Nick Fink and Matthew Pennel ) , a slew of photographers , and the Photo Attorney , the dimensions of 800×800 pixels seemed to emerge as the upper limit you should consider making images available for display purposes .
Pros : Easy to implement , resulting in smaller file size , which leads to faster upload time and less storage requirements .
Cons :
Too small size can reduce visual impact .
Verdict : Err on the side of being a little too small .
JPEG over - compression
While I ’m not a big fan of this method , it ’s used often enough that we ’ll address it here .
Some people use the lossy nature of the JPEG - compression algorithm as a means to slightly degrade the photo in an attempt to decrease its usefulness to others .
While this can be effective to a certain extent , I find that degrading the photo quality usually runs counter to most reasons for why you ’d put the photo online in the first place .
It may also give the impression that the quality of the original file is poor , which is the last thing you ’d want people to think .
Saving images as JPEGs is part and parcel of putting them online , so choosing a compression level will always come into play .
Generally speaking , you always want to use as much compression as possible to reduce file size ( which has ramifications for file storage and bandwidth ) , but without introducing visible JPEG compression artifacting .
If you want to use artifacting as a theft deterrent , then you ’d add a little more .
This is very subjective and you , as the artist , need to be satisfied with how your work is displayed .
The Save for Web & Devices dialog in Photoshop is great for getting a visual on the effect of the amount of JPEG compression being applied .
It even has five JPEG presets ( Low , Medium , High , Very High , and Maximum ) that correspond to the Quality setting being used .
The High preset uses a Quality setting of 60 , which is often a good starting point , as it reduces file size quite a bit with minimal artifacting .
You can then adjust the Quality slider as needed .
Here ’s an example at the Low setting that works as advertised .
Note : I ’m referring specifically to settings used for displaying your work , not for delivering to a client or stock agency where high quality trumps file size and minimal compression is desired .
Lightroom does n’t offer a visual during export , but it does use the same 0 –100 quality scale , so start with 60 and check your results .
Pros : Reduced file size , speeds upload time , and decreases storage demands .
Cons :
Too much compression can degrade visual impact .
Verdict :
Use with caution , as you do n’t want to give the wrong impression .
Finding your photos in use
Okay , so you ’ve registered your copyright , embedded your metadata , applied a conspicuous ( but not too obtrusive ) watermark , resized the photo to a size you feel will get the job done , applied a suitable amount of JPEG compression , and released your photo to the wilds of the Internet .
Now what ?
How will you know if they ’re used without your permission ?
Admittedly this is n’t an easy task but there are some interesting technology solutions available .
We already mentioned PicScout and if you ’re a photographer dealing with rights - managed work and not already using the service ( or not submitting work to an agency that is ) , you might want to consider giving it a test drive .
There are fees involved but there ’s also great potential to recoup losses on unauthorized usages .
Go to www.picscout.com to learn more .
For the rest of us , there ’s an interesting alternative called TinEye that ’s currently in private beta release .
This image search engine uses its own proprietary image - recognition technology to compare your photos against its ( growing ) search index of images found on the Web .
TinEye is constantly building its search index by crawling the Web and analyzing each image it encounters .
With more than 1 billion images already indexed , Leila Boujnane ( the co-founder and CEO of TinEye ’s parent company Idée ) expects to have tens of billions of images indexed by 2009 .
To use this technology , you just upload a photo , paste in a link , or use a browser plug - in to quickly search the Web to see if your image is found .
Head over to http://tineye.com to learn more and request an invite .
The days of wondering where your images are used online will soon be over .
Putting your photos on the Web involves a series of decisions and compromises , but there ’s a lot to be gained .
While you should never put any work on the Web that you absolutely would n’t want to see used without your permission , you should n’t be afraid to share your work with the world .
Just remember that the power to protect your copyright starts with you .
Two goats are seen during sunset in a file photo .
REUTERS / Dani Cardona
LAGOS ( Reuters ) - Police in Nigeria are holding a goat on suspicion of attempted armed robbery .
Vigilantes took the black and white beast to the police saying it was an armed robber who had used black magic to transform himself into a goat to escape arrest after trying to steal a Mazda 323 .
“ The group of vigilante men came to report that while they were on patrol they saw some hoodlums attempting to rob a car .
They pursued them .
However one of them escaped while the other turned into a goat , ” Kwara state police spokesman Tunde Mohammed told Reuters by telephone .
“ We cannot confirm the story , but the goat is in our custody .
We can not base our information on something mystical .
It is something that has to be proved scientifically , that a human being turned into a goat , ” he said .
Belief in witchcraft is widespread in parts of Nigeria , Africa ’s most populous nation .
Residents came to the police station to see the goat , photographed in one national newspaper on its knees next to a pile of straw .
A MELBOURNE woman is seeking an exemption from anti-discrimination laws to set up a women - only travel service for women sick of tour groups centred on booze and bed - hopping .
Erin Maitland , a former tour guide , got the idea for her new business venture when several women friends told her they could not find a tour company that catered for their interests .
Erin Maitland is seeking to set up Travel Sisters , a women - only travel service .
Credit : Rebecca Hallas
Ms Maitland is seeking to set up Travel Sisters , a women - only travel service .
Her case is one of only a handful such hearings to come before the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal since the Victorian Charter of Human Rights was introduced three years ago .
This year , a party company specialising in dance events for lesbians and bisexual women won the legal right to ban men .
A Melbourne primary school was granted an exemption to employ a male handler for a violent pupil who would be a danger to women .
In four years of researching and writing about Guantánamo , I have become used to uncovering shocking information , but for sheer cynicism , I am struggling to think of anything that compares to the revelations contained in the unclassified ruling in the habeas corpus petition of Fouad al - Rabiah , a Kuwaiti prisoner whose release was ordered last week by Judge Colleen Kollar - Kotelly ( PDF ) .
In the ruling , to put it bluntly , it was revealed that the US government tortured an innocent man to extract false confessions and then threatened him until he obligingly repeated those lies as though they were the truth .
The background : lies hidden in plain sight for five years
To establish the background to this story , it is necessary for me to return to my initial response to the ruling a week last Friday , before these revelations had been made public , when , based on what I knew of the case from the publicly available documents , I explained that I was disappointed that the Obama administration had pursued a case against al - Rabiah , alleging that he was a fundraiser for Osama bin Laden and had run a supply depot for al - Qaeda in Afghanistan ’s Tora Bora mountains , for two particular reasons .
The first was because a CIA analyst had interviewed al - Rabiah at Guantánamo in the summer of 2002 and had concluded that he was an innocent man caught at the wrong time and in the wrong place ; and the second was because , although al - Rabiah had said that he had met bin Laden and had been present in the Tora Bora mountains , he had provided an innocent explanation for both occurrences .
He had , he said , been introduced to bin Laden on a trip to Afghanistan to investigate proposals for a humanitarian aid mission , and he had been at Tora Bora — and compelled to man a supply depot — because he was one of numerous civilians caught up with soldiers of al - Qaeda and the Taliban as he tried to flee the chaos of Afghanistan for Pakistan , and had been compelled to run the depot by a senior figure in al - Qaeda .
These appeared to be valid explanations , especially as al - Rabiah , a 42 - year old father of four children , had no history of any involvement with militancy or terrorism , and had , instead , spent 20 years at a management desk job at Kuwait Airways , and had an ownership interest in some health clubs .
Moreover , he had a history of legitimate refugee relief work , having taken a six - month approved leave of absence from work in 1994 - 95 to do relief work in Bosnia , having visited Kosovo with the Kuwaiti Red Crescent in 1998 , and having made a trip to Bangladesh in 2000 to delivery kidney dialysis fluid to a hospital in the capital , Dhaka .
As a result , it appeared to me a week last Friday that Judge Kollar - Kotelly granted al - Rabiah ’s habeas petition because neither his meeting with bin Laden nor his presence in Tora Bora indicated that he was either a member of , or had supported al - Qaeda or the Taliban .
However , now that Judge Kollar - Kotelly ’s ruling has been issued , I realize that the account given by al - Rabiah during his Combatant Status Review Tribunal at Guantánamo in 2004 — on which I based my account of his activities — was a tissue of lies , and that the truth , hidden for over six years , is that , like torture victims groomed for show trials throughout the centuries , he made up false stories under torture , and repeated them obediently , fearing further punishment and having been convinced that he would never leave Guantánamo by any other means .
An introduction to the torture revelations , and an endorsement of al - Rabiah ’s explanations about his time in Afghanistan
In her ruling , Judge Kollar - Kotelly methodically dissected the government ’s case to reveal the chilling truth .
After noting , initially , that the “ evidentiary record ” was “ surprisingly bare , ” because the government “ has withdrawn its reliance on most of the evidence and allegations that were once asserted against al - Rabiah , and now relies almost exclusively on al - Rabiah ’s ‘ confessions ’ to certain conduct , ” she added , with a palpable sense of disbelief :
Not only did al - Rabiah ’s interrogators repeatedly conclude that these same confessions were not believable — which al - Rabiah ’s counsel attributes to abuse and coercion , some of which is supported by the record — but it is also undisputed that al - Rabiah confessed to information that his interrogators obtained from either alleged eyewitnesses who are not credible and as to whom the Government has now largely withdrawn any reliance , or from sources that never even existed …
If there exists a basis for al - Rabiah ’s indefinite detention , it most certainly has not been presented to this Court .
In dealing with al - Rabiah ’s background , and his reasons for traveling to Afghanistan , Judge Kollar - Kotelly was required to consider his own assertion that , after a preliminary ten - day visit in July 2001 to identify areas where humanitarian aid might be delivered , he returned in October 2001 “ to complete a fact - finding mission related to Afghanistan ’s refugee problems and the country ’s non-existent medical infrastructure , ” against the government ’s claim that he was “ ‘ not an aspiring aid worker caught up in the front lines of the United States war against al - Qaeda ’ but instead was someone who traveled to Afghanistan in October 2001 as a ‘ devotee of Osama bin Laden who ran to bin Laden ’s side after September 11th . ’ ”
Concluding that “ The evidence in the record strongly supports al - Rabiah ’s explanation , ” Judge Kollar - Kotelly noted that he had officially requested leave prior to his departure , and quoted from two letters sent to his family .
In the first , on October 18 , 2001 , he explained that “ for ten days he assisted with the delivery of supplies to refugees and that he was able to take video ‘ reflecting the tragedy of the refugees , ’ but that he was unable to leave Afghanistan through Iran ( the route he took to enter the country ) because the borders had been closed . ”
As a result , he “ wrote in his letter that he and an unspecified number of other persons decided ‘ to drive four trucks to Pakistan making our way to Peshawar , ’ ” and he also asked his brother to notify his boss at Kuwait Airlines that he was having difficulties returning to Kuwait on time .
After noting that “ The evidence in the record establishes that al - Rabiah did , in fact , travel across Afghanistan towards Peshawar , ultimately getting captured ( unarmed ) by villagers outside of Jalalabad … on approximately December 25 , 2001 ” ( with Maher al - Quwari , a Palestinian who also ended up in Guantánamo ) , Judge Kollar - Kotelly quoted from a second letter sent to his family , in which — ironically , in light of what was to come — he wrote that he was “ detained by the American troops and thanks to God they are good example [s ] of humanitarian behavior . ”
He added that he was “ detained pending verification of [ his ] identity and personality , ” and that the “ investigation and verification procedures may last for a long time due to the great number of detained Arabs and other persons ” who had been fleeing the situation in Afghanistan , which “ turned upside down between one day and night and every Arab citizen has become a suspect . ”
Discrediting the government ’s unreliable witnesses
Moving on to the government ’s key allegations — about Osama bin Laden and Tora Bora — Judge Kollar - Kotelly dismissed the allegations regarding al - Rabiah ’s supposed activities in Tora Bora , which were made by another prisoner who claimed that he “ was told that al - Rabiah was in charge of supplies at Tora Bora , ” by noting that , “ Although his allegations are filled with inconsistencies and implausibilities , the Government continues to rely on him as an eyewitness . ”
She also noted that , although the witness had identified al - Rabiah as the man under discussion , from his kunya ( nickname ) , Abu Abdullah al - Kuwaiti , the government had conceded that another Abu Abdullah al - Kuwaiti , an actual al - Qaeda operative named Hadi El - Enazi , was present in Tora Bora , and also noted that an interrogator had expressed doubt about the supposed eyewitness at the time ( much of the ruling is redacted , but this seemed to involve a claim that al - Rabiah ’s oldest son was with him in Afghanistan , when this was demonstrably not the case ) .
Judge Kollar - Kotelly also dismissed two other sets of allegations by the supposed eyewitness .
Noting further “ inconsistencies and impossibilities ” in his accounts , she stated that “ the Court has little difficulty concluding that [ his ] allegations are not credible , ” and explained that , to reach this conclusion , she had also drawn on statements provided by al - Rabiah ’s lawyers , which further undermined his reliability , “ based on , among other things , undisputed inconsistencies associated with his allegations against other detainees , ” and his medical records , which obviously indicated mental health problems ( although the description was redacted ) .
“ At a minimum , ” she added , “ the Government would have had to corroborate [ his ] allegations with credible and reliable evidence , which it has not done . ”
Osama bin Laden , it then transpired , appeared in allegations made by a second prisoner , who “ alleged that al - Rabiah attended a feast hosted by Osama bin Laden , ” where he “ presented bin Laden with a suitcase full of money . ”
This source also alleged that al - Rabiah “ served in various fighting capacities in the Tora Bora mountains , ” and that he “ funneled money to mujahadeen in Bosnia in 1995 . ”
After noting that the government had dropped “ almost all ” of these allegations , except for the one relating to Bosnia , Judge Kollar - Kotelly stated , witheringly , “ the only consistency with respect to [ these ] allegations is that they repeatedly change over time . ”
For particular condemnation , she singled out one claim that the feast had taken place in August 2001 ( when al - Rabiah was in Kuwait , before his return to Afghanistan in October 2001 ) , amongst other more outlandish claims , including an absurd allegation that al - Rabiah had trained the 9/11 hijackers .
As with the first supposed eyewitness , Judge Kollar - Kotelly noted that there were “ multiple exhibits in the record demonstrating [ his ] unreliability as a witness ” ( although , sadly , the exact number of prisoners against whom he had made verifiably false allegations was redacted ) , and concluded that , although the many “ inconsistencies and impossibilities ” in his statements “ raise , at a minimum , a serious question about [ his ] mental capacity to accurately make allegations against al - Rabiah , ” the government “ did not address them at the Merits Hearing ” in August .
After dismissing a third supposed eyewitness , because he had withdrawn his allegation ( which was redacted ) several months after making it , Judge Kollar - Kotelly dismissed a fourth , even though it was “ undisputed ” that al - Rabiah actually had contact with him in Afghanistan .
Despite redactions , it seems that this man was Maher al - Quwari , and that his statement involved second - hand hearsay about al - Rabiah being seen with a gun .
While this was sufficiently weak for the judge not to accept it without further corroboration , she also made a point of discounting it because the supposed witness only “ made this allegation while he was undergoing a cell relocation program at Guantánamo called the ‘ frequent flier program , ’ which prevented a detainee such as [ redacted ] from resting due to frequent cell movements . ”
While the description of a “ cell relocation program ” sounds relatively benign , Judge Kollar - Kotelly made a point of noting that it was , in fact , a program of sleep deprivation , adding that , “ According to a report published by the Senate Armed Services Committee concerning the treatment of detainees in United States custody , sleep deprivation was not a technique that was authorized by the Army Field Manual . ”
Although she also noted that “ sleep deprivation became authorized at Guantánamo by the Secretary of Defense on April 16 , 2003 , the guidance issued by the Commander of USSOUTHCOM on June 2 , 2003 prohibited the use of sleep deprivation for more than ‘ four days in succession , ’ ” whereas the supposed witness ’s “ allegation against al - Rabiah was made after one week of sleep deprivation in the program , and he did not repeat this allegation either before or after the program . ”
False confessions obtained through torture
Despite ruling out all of the government ’s supposed eyewitnesses , and noting that the government had withdrawn “ most of its reliance on these witnesses ” by the time of the Merits Hearing , Judge Kollar - Kotelly added that “ it is very significant that al - Rabiah ’s interrogators apparently believed these allegations at the time they were made , and therefore sought to have al - Rabiah confess to them ” — despite the well - chronicled unreliability of the first two supposed witnesses , the withdrawing of the statement made by the third , and the fact , easily perceived by the judge , that the fourth made his statement only after being subjected to sleep deprivation that exceeded established guidelines and that was , therefore , not only unreliable , but also abusive .
The judge also noted the significance of the evidence in the record indicating that al - Rabiah “ subsequently confided in interrogators [ redacted ] that he was being pressured to falsely confess to the allegations discussed above , ” and also the significance of the fact that , although “ al - Rabiah ’s interrogators ultimately extracted confessions from him , ” they “ never believed his confessions based on the comments they included in their interrogation reports . ”
After noting — again with a palpable sense of incredulity — that “ These are the confessions that the Government now asks the Court to accept as evidence in this case , ” Judge Kollar - Kotelly proceeded to demolish them all , breaking them down into three periods : the first , when “ there were no allegations directed toward al - Rabiah and al - Rabiah provided no confessions ” ; the second , when the supposed eyewitnesses “ made their now - discredited allegations and al - Rabiah was told of the allegations against him , but al - Rabiah nevertheless made no confessions ” ; and the third ( which , shockingly , continued “ until the present ” ) , when “ al - Rabiah confessed to the now - discredited allegations against him , as well as to other ‘ evidence ’ that interrogators told him they possessed , when , in fact , such evidence did not exist . ”
In the first phase , Judge Kollar - Kotelly noted that there was no indication “ that interrogators believed al - Rabiah had engaged in any conduct that made him lawfully detainable , ” and explained that , “ To the contrary , the evidence in the record during this period consists mainly of an assessment made by an intelligence analyst that al - Rabiah should not have been detained . ”
As discussed in my previous article , this analyst was “ a senior CIA intelligence analyst , who , almost uniquely , was also an Arabic expert , ” but although I wrote that “ it amaze [ d ] me that no one in the Justice Department , under President Obama , investigated the CIA analyst ’s report , ” the truth , as revealed in the unclassified ruling , is even bleaker .
It transpires that Justice Department officials had read the report , but tried to discredit the analyst ’s verdict , “ arguing that it represented the opinion of only one analyst , ” ignoring his well - chronicled expertise , and obliging the judge to point out that , “ according to the Government ’s own evidence , ‘ [ i ] ntelligence analysts undergo rigorous tradecraft training [ and ] employ specific analytical tools to assist them in sorting and organizing various pieces of information , ” and are also “ trained to recognize and mitigate biases , not only in the information presented to them , but their own cognitive biases as well . ”
In the second phase , despite extensive redactions to the ruling , it is clear that al - Rabiah was repeatedly interrogated , although he “ express[ed ] frustration to FBI agents that he was repeatedly asked , among other questions , whether he had ever seen Osama bin Laden , and remark[ed ] that his answer was ‘ no ’ and would continue to remain ‘ no . ’ ”
What happened next , in a “ new three - pronged approach , ” is unknown , as the details are severely redacted , but it “ did not result in any confessions .
Al - Rabiah repeatedly denied the allegations against him . ”
After this , apparently following some kind of advice given to the lead interrogator ( by an unknown party whose identity and suggestions were redacted ) , the interrogators “ began using more aggressive interrogation tactics . ”
Again , the details are redacted , but enough information is available from passages that were not redacted earlier in the ruling to indicate that these “ tactics ” included sleep deprivation ( the “ frequent flier program ” ) , which , as I explained in my previous article , led three British men released in March 2004 — the so - called “ Tipton Three , ” whose story was dramatized in the film “ The Road To Guantánamo ” — to explain that al - Rabiah was moved every two hours , over an unspecified period of time ( but one that clearly exceeded the four - day recommendation by a substantial margin ) , leaving him “ suffering from serious depression , losing weight in a substantial way , and very stressed because of the constant moves , deprived of sleep and seriously worried about the consequences for his children . ”
Possibly in reference to the use of sleep deprivation ( although it could also have been another “ enhanced interrogation technique ” ) , Judge Kollar - Kotelly explained that , “ Once it became authorized , it could not be used on a detainee until ‘ the SOUTHCOM Commander ma[de ] a determination of “ military necessity ” and notif[ied ] the Secretary [ of Defense ] in advance ’ of its use , ” and also made a point of noting that “ the Government was unable to produce any evidence that [ the interrogator ] obtained authorization to use the [ redacted ] technique with al - Rabiah despite requests by the Court at the Merits Hearing for such evidence . ”
Although the other techniques are not described , they undoubtedly included some or all of the following — prolonged isolation , the use of extreme heat and cold , short - shackling in painful stress positions , forced nudity , forced grooming , religious and sexual humiliation , and the use of loud music and noise — because this whole package of techniques , including sleep deprivation , was approved for use at the highest levels of the Bush administration , as a Senate Committee explained in the detailed report in April this year that was cited by the judge ( PDF ) .
The program was based on reverse engineering techniques taught in US military schools ( the SERE program — Survival , Evasion , Resistance , Escape ) to train recruits to resist interrogation if captured by enemy forces .
These techniques were acknowledged to be illegal and , moreover , were intended to produce false confessions , but this did not prevent senior Bush officials from pushing for their implementation , and , in al - Rabiah ’s case , they duly led to his conversion from an innocent man who refused to falsely confess to allegations produced by unreliable witnesses into a modern - day version of the victims of the Spanish Inquisition , the seventeenth century “ witches ” of Salem and elsewhere , the victims of Stalin ’s show trials , or the captured US pilots on whom the North Koreans had practiced the techniques adopted by the SERE schools : a broken man prepared not only to falsely confess to any lies put before him , but also prepared to learn these confessions and repeat them as his masters saw fit .
As the ruling makes clear , between redactions , “ The following day marked a turning point in al - Rabiah ’s interrogations , ” and “ From that point forward , al - Rabiah confessed to the allegations that interrogators described to him . ”
Despite the extensive redactions , the following passage from the ruling makes clear the full horror of his confessions :
Al - Rabiah ’s confessions all follow the same pattern : Interrogators first explain to al - Rabiah the “ evidence ” they have in their possession ( and that , at the time , they likely believed to be true ) .
Al - Rabiah then requests time to pray ( or to think more about the evidence ) before making a “ full ” confession .
Finally , after a period of time , al - Rabiah provides a fill confession to the evidence through elaborate and incredible explanations that the interrogators themselves do not believe .
This pattern began with his confession that he met with Osama bin Laden , continued with his confession that he undertook a leadership role in Tora Bora , and repeated itself multiple other times with respect to “ evidence ” that the Government has not even attempted to rely on as reliable or credible .
In the following pages of the ruling , which are again fill of redactions , it is nevertheless possible to glimpse the progress of this game that was not only grim and cynical , but also potentially deadly ( because , as a prisoner put forward for a trial by Military Commission , it was always possible that the government would have pressed for the death sentence had al - Rabiah been convicted ) .
For page after page the distressing truth peeks out : al - Rabiah “ did not know what to admit ” when his interrogators explained that his “ full confession did not incorporate a description concerning a suitcase full of money that he allegedly gave bin Laden ” ; they “ began to question the truthfulness of his confessions almost immediately ” ; they “ began ‘ grilling ’ al - Rabiah concerning [ redacted ] ” ; al - Rabiah “ was interrogated [ redacted ] during which he made a full confession regarding his activities at Tora Bora ” ; interrogators “ pressed for additional details concerning Tora Bora ” ; they “ became increasingly convinced that his confessions [ redacted ] ” ; they “ concluded in one interrogation report [ redacted ] ” ; “ One week later , his interrogator concluded [ redacted ] ” ; “ After several additional interrogation sessions , al - Rabiah ’s interrogators concluded simply [ redacted ] . ”
Readers can fill in the gaps through the judge ’s response to the redacted passages .
“ Incredibly , ” she wrote , “ these are the confessions that the Government has asked the Court to accept as truthful in this case . ”
Al - Rabiah explains his cooperation with the interrogators ; threats and punishment described
Judge Kollar - Kotelly then dismissed further allegations , which again , were mostly redacted but included the following ironic gem : “ The Government has not even attempted to explain how someone with no known connection to al - Wafa [ a Saudi charity regarded , during Guantánamo ’s “ witch - hunt ” phase , with particular suspicion ] and who had never even been to Afghanistan longer than a few weeks could ascend to such an honored position , and no credible explanation is contained in the record . ”
She then moved on to al - Rabiah ’s own explanations of how he came to make false confessions , noting that he had stated that , shortly after his arrival at Guantánamo , “ a senior [ redacted ] interrogator came to me and said , ‘ There is nothing against you .
But there is no innocent person here .
So , you should confess to something so you can be charged and sentenced and serve your sentence and then go back to your family and country , because you will not leave this place innocent . ”
This is deeply disturbing , of course , as it indicates that at least one senior interrogator recognized that the Bush administration ’s refusal to recognize that there were innocent men at Guantánamo — and it has been clear for many years that hundreds of innocent men were held , who had no connection whatsoever to any form of militancy , let alone terrorism — had set in motion a system in which , whether voluntarily or not , all the innocent men at Guantánamo were expected to make false confessions , either so that they could continue to be labeled as “ enemy combatants ” on release , to maintain the illusion that Guantánamo was full of “ the worst of the worst , ” or , as in al - Rabiah ’s case , so that they could be tricked and transformed into terrorist sympathizers and facilitators .
For some ( and it has been confirmed by a former interrogator that at least 100 prisoners in Guantánamo were subjected to SERE - derived “ enhanced interrogation ” ) , confessions clearly came easily , and without the use of abuse or torture , but for others , including al - Rabiah , “ pressure ” was involved .
Judge Kollar - Kotelly drew on a declaration from March this year , in which he explained that his confessions arose out of “ scenarios offered … by [ his ] interrogators … which [ he ] believed to be the story they wanted [ him ] to tell and which [ he ] felt pressured to adopt ” ( emphasis added ) .
As he also explained :
[ M ]y interrogators told me they knew I had met with Osama bin Laden , that other detainees had said I met with Osama bin Laden , that there was nothing wrong with simply meeting Osama bin Laden , and that I should admit meeting him so I could be sent home …
In about August 2004 , shortly before my CSRT hearing [ the tribunal at which al - Rabiah repeated his approved confessions in detail ] , my interrogators told me the CSRT was just a show that would allow the United States to “ save face . ”
My interrogators told me no one leaves Guantánamo innocent , and told me I would be sent home to Kuwait if I “ admitted ” some of the false things I had said in my interrogations .
The interrogators also told me that I would never go home again if I denied these things , because the United States government would never admit I had been wrongly held .
In a key passage , he spelled out what being “ pressured ” meant .
As the judge explained , he stated that “ he made his confessions to reduce the abuse meted out by his interrogators ‘ to obtain confessions that suited what [ they ] thought they knew or what they wanted [ him ] to say . ’
He maintained his confessions over time because ‘ the interrogators would continue to abuse me anytime I attempted to repudiate any of these false allegations . ’”
As she also noted :
There is substantial evidence in the record supporting al - Rabiah ’s claims .
The record is replete with examples of al - Rabiah ’s interrogators emphasizing a stark dichotomy — if he confessed to the allegations against him , his case would be turned over to [ redacted ] so that he could return to Kuwait ; if he did not confess , he would not return to Kuwait , and his life would become increasingly miserable .
Through the veil of redactions , it is clear that al - Rabiah attempted , on more than one occasion , to withdraw his confessions , but that his interrogators threatened to withdraw something ( food ? comfort items ? ) as a result , and Judge Kollar - Kotelly also noted that punishment , as well as the threat of punishment , was meted out to him .
“ The record , ” she wrote , “ also supports al - Rabiah ’s claims that he was punished for recanting . ”
Examples provided by the judge were redacted , but the following passage , in which she discussed further abuse as a result of the interrogators ’ frustrations regarding al - Rabiah ’s inability to invent a coherent false narrative , was not .
She wrote :
The record contains evidence that al - Rabiah ’s interrogators became increasingly frustrated because his confessions contained numerous inconsistencies or implausibilities .
As a result , al - Rabiah ’s interrogators began using abusive techniques that violated the Army Field Manual and the 1949 Geneva Convention Relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War .
The first of these techniques included threats of rendition to places where al - Rabiah would either be tortured and / or would never be found .
These threats were made on at least four occasions , and , as the judge explained , “ were also reinforced by placing al - Rabiah into the frequent flier program , ” discussed above .
It is also apparent that the threats continued throughout this period , as the judge also noted that “ al - Rabiah ’s interrogators continued to threaten him [ redacted ] . ”
After making a point that , as explained in the Army Field Manual , “ prohibited techniques [ are ] not necessary to gain the cooperation of interrogation sources , ” and , in fact , that the use of these methods is likely to “ yield unreliable results , may damage subsequent collection efforts , and can induce the source to say what he thinks the interrogator wants to hear , ” Judge Kollar - Kotelly added that , “ Underscoring the impropriety of these techniques is the fact that [ redacted ] , al - Rabiah ’s lead interrogator , was disciplined for making similar threats during the same period toward a Guantánamo detainee who was also one of the alleged eyewitnesses against al - Rabiah … for which he was disciplined ” ( the details , predictably , were redacted ) .
Judge Kollar - Kotelly ’s devastating conclusions
Judge Kollar - Kotelly added , pointedly , “ These abusive techniques did not result in any additional confessions from al - Rabiah , although he continued to parrot his previous confessions with varying degrees of consistency , ” and then reached her devastating conclusion :
The Court agrees with the assessment of al - Rabiah ’s interrogators , as well as al - Rabiah ’s counsel in this case , that al - Rabiah ’s confessions are not credible .
Even beyond the countless inconsistencies associated with his confessions that interrogators identified throughout his years of detention , the confessions are also entirely incredible .
The evidence in the record reflects that , in 2001 , al - Rabiah was a 43 year old who was overweight , suffered from health problems , and had no known history of terrorist activities or links to terrorist activities .
He had no military experience except for two weeks of compulsory basic training in Kuwait , after which he received a medical exemption .
He had never traveled to Afghanistan prior to 2001 .
Given these facts , it defied logic that in October 2001 , after completing a two - week leave form at Kuwait Airlines where he had worked for twenty years , al - Rabiah traveled to Tora Bora and began telling senior al - Qaeda leaders how they should organize their supplies in a six square mile mountain complex that he had never previously seen and that was occupied by people whom he had never met , while at the same time acting as a supply logistician and mediator of disputes that arose among various fighting factions .
It remained only for Judge Kollar - Kotelly to replay some of the more obvious discrepancies in al - Rabiah ’s “ confessions ” to demolish the government ’s claims that they should be accepted as “ reliable and credible , ” and to refute the government ’s argument that , “ even if al - Rabiah ’s confessions in 2003 were the product of abuse or coercion … the taint … would have dissipated ” by the time of his CSRT in 2004 , when he provided the painstakingly detailed and superficially plausible false confession that was the only publicly available account of his activities until Judge Kollar - Kotelly ’s ruling was released .
Taking exception to the government ’s argument “ for both factual and legal reasons , ” the judge took particular note of the role played by al - Rabiah ’s lead interrogator , “ who extracted al - Rabiah ’s confessions and punished his recantations , ” noting that he “ continued to make ‘ appearances ’ at al - Rabiah ’s interrogations at least as late as [ redacted ] — after al - Rabiah ’s testimony in his CSRT proceedings . ”
She also explained , “ Such ‘ appearances ’ appear to have been terrifying events for al - Rabiah given the description included in a [ redacted ] interrogation report ” ( the details of which were , again , redacted ) .
On a legal basis , she dismissed the government ’s argument by explaining that , although “ it is certainly true in the criminal context that coerced confessions do not necessarily render subsequent confessions inadmissible because the coercion can be found to have dissipated , ” there needs to be evidence of “ a ‘ clean break ’ between the coercion and the later confessions , ” which is simply not available in al - Rabiah ’s case .
“ If anything , ” she concluded , “ the evidence suggests that there was not a ‘ clean break ’ between the coercion and his later statements because there is evidence that [ redacted ] continued to appear at al - Rabiah ’s interrogation sessions through at least September 2004 ” ( the date redacted in the paragraph above ) .
As a final stab at the government , she mentioned a statement made by al - Rabiah in May 2005 , and submitted to his first annual Administrative Review Board ( the military panels that reviewed the bases for prisoners ’ ongoing detention ) , which had not surfaced until the Merits Hearing , in which al - Rabiah attempted to set the record straight , “ recant[ing ] all of his previous confessions with the sole exception of one admission that he saw [ but did not meet ]
Osama bin Laden during his July 2001 trip to Afghanistan . ”
After dealing with a few more ingenious but flawed claims by the government , it remained only for Judge Kollar - Kotelly to recap the whole sorry saga , and to deliver the final words to restore Fouad al - Rabiah ’s liberty :
During the merits Hearing , the Government expressly relied on “ Occam ’s Razor , ” a scientific and philosophic rule suggesting that the simplest of competing explanations is preferred to the more complex …
The Government ’s simple explanation for the evidence in this case is that al - Rabiah made confessions that the Court should accept as true .
The simple response is that the Court does not accept confessions that even the Government ’s own interrogators did not believe .
The writ of habeas corpus shall issue .
Final words
Judge Kollar - Kotelly ’s ruling will , hopefully , be recalled in years to come as one of the most significant examples of a judge attempting to redress some of the most egregious injustices perpetrated in Guantánamo ’s long , dark history .
The shocking sub - text to this story is that al - Rabiah is not the only prisoner to have been brutalized into making false confessions , and then being required to repeat them .
Ahmed al - Darbi , a Saudi put forward for a trial by Military Commission , made similar claims in a statement posted here , and , as I mentioned above , it is also clear that SERE - derived “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” were applied to at least 100 prisoners in Guantánamo between 2002 and 2004 , above and beyond those like Mohammed al - Qahtani and Mohamedou Ould Slahi , whose stories are well - known .
Many of these men — all the Europeans , other Arabs who had the misfortune to speak good English or to have visited the United States — have been released , their false confessions ( like those made by the “ Tipton Three ” after months of abuse , before their lawyers proved one of them was working in a shop in England when he was supposedly videotaped at a training camp ) filed away , used to justify their lifelong label as “ enemy combatants , ” but not leading , as with Fouad al - Rabiah , to a court appearance where the supposed evidence will ever be tested .
Al - Rabiah was fortunate to meet a judge with an inquiring and diligent mind , and an acute awareness of the many problems with the gathering and interpretation of information at Guantánamo , but others have not yet had an opportunity to do the same , and although further habeas petitions are forthcoming , and others are scheduled to face either trials by Military Commission or federal court trials , where similar patterns of false allegations followed by torture and false confessions may be detected , it troubles me that the 50 or so prisoners identified by officials last week as being candidates for indefinite detention — described by the New York Times as those who “ are a continuing danger to national security but who cannot be brought to trial for various reasons , like evidence tainted by harsh interrogations ” — may also have been caught up in a cynical cycle of false allegations , torture and false confessions .
As David Cynamon , one of Fouad al - Rabiah ’s attorneys , explained to me in an email exchange :
To date , the debate about torture in the US has been skewed by the fact that the admitted victims of torture are also admitted al - Qaeda leaders , like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed .
This gives the Cheneys and Wall Street Journal types the argument that torture was justified to get valuable information from these hardened terrorists .
I know this argument is wrong , but it ’s being made , with some effect .
But what happens when you declare the Geneva Conventions “ quaint , ” and lift all limits , is that pretty quickly the abusive interrogation techniques are not being limited to the KSMs but are being applied to innocent prisoners like Fouad al - Rabiah , who have no valuable intelligence because they have no connection with al - Qaeda or the Taliban .
Instead , they are tortured in support of a cynical and misguided dictum that there can be no innocent men in Guantánamo .
It is hard to believe that the US could ever have sunk so low .
And that the new Administration is keeping us down there .
The Obama Department of Justice , with Attorney General Holder piously proclaiming that this Administration repudiates torture , and follows the rule of law , in fact is following the Bush playbook to the letter .
In this case , the DoJ defended the abusive and coercive interrogation techniques used against Fouad .
Thank God , though , that we have an independent judiciary .
The importance of the writ of habeas corpus and independent judges has never been more clear .
Andy Worthington is the author of The Guantánamo Files : The Stories of the 774 Detainees in America ’s Illegal Prison ( published by Pluto Press , distributed by Macmillan in the US , and available from Amazon — click on the following for the US and the UK ) .
To receive new articles in your inbox , please subscribe to my RSS feed ( and I can also be found on Facebook and Twitter ) .
Also see my definitive Guantánamo prisoner list , published in March 2009 , and if you appreciate my work , feel free to make a donation .
As published on the Huffington Post , CounterPunch , Antiwar.com and ZNet.
Cross-posted on The Public Record , Common Dreams , AlterNet and Truthout .
Also mentioned by Alan Colmes at Liberaland , Andrew Sullivan on The Atlantic ( with an interesting follow - up here ) and Scott Horton at Harper’s .
For a sequence of articles dealing with the Guantánamo habeas cases , see : Guantánamo and the Supreme Court : the most important habeas corpus case in modern history and Guantánamo and the Supreme Court : What Happened ? ( both December 2007 ) , The Supreme Court ’s Guantánamo ruling : what does it mean ?
( June 2008 ) , Guantánamo as Alice in Wonderland ( Uighurs ’ first court victory , June 2008 ) , What ’s Happening with the Guantánamo cases ?
( July 2008 ) , Government Says Six Years Is Not Long Enough To Prepare Evidence ( September 2008 ) , From Guantánamo to the United States : The Story of the Wrongly Imprisoned Uighurs ( October 2008 ) , Guantánamo Uyghurs ’ resettlement prospects skewered by Justice Department lies ( October 2008 ) , Guilt By Torture : Binyam Mohamed ’s Transatlantic Quest for Justice ( November 2008 ) , After 7 Years , Judge Orders Release of Guantánamo Kidnap Victims ( November 2008 ) , Is Robert Gates Guilty of Perjury in Guantánamo Torture Case ?
( December 2008 ) , A New Year Message to Barack Obama : Free the Guantánamo Uighurs ( January 2009 ) , The Top Ten Judges of 2008 ( January 2009 ) , No End in Sight for the “ Enemy Combatants ” of Guantánamo ( January 2009 ) , Judge Orders Release of Guantánamo ’s Forgotten Child ( January 2009 ) , How Cooking For The Taliban Gets You Life In Guantánamo ( January 2009 ) , Lies , Damned Lies and Statistics ( February 2009 ) , Bad News And Good News For The Guantánamo Uighurs ( February 2009 ) , The Nobodies Formerly Known As Enemy Combatants ( March 2009 ) , Farce at Guantánamo , as cleared prisoner ’s habeas petition is denied ( April 2009 ) , Obama ’s First 100 Days : A Start On Guantánamo , But Not Enough ( May 2009 ) , Judge Condemns “ Mosaic ” Of Guantánamo Intelligence , And Unreliable Witnesses ( May 2009 ) , Pain At Guantánamo And Paralysis In Government ( May 2009 ) , Guantánamo : A Prison Built On Lies ( May 2009 ) , Free The Guantánamo Uighurs ! ( May 2009 ) , Guantánamo And The Courts ( Part One ) : Exposing The Bush Administration ’s Lies ( July 2009 ) , Obama ’s Failure To Deliver Justice To The Last Tajik In Guantánamo ( July 2009 ) , Obama And The Deadline For Closing Guantánamo :
It ’s Worse Than You Think ( July 2009 ) , How Judge Huvelle Humiliated The Government In Guantánamo Case ( Mohamed Jawad , July 2009 ) , As Judge Orders Release Of Tortured Guantánamo Prisoner , Government Refuses To Concede Defeat ( Mohamed Jawad , July 2009 ) , Guantánamo As Hotel California : You Can Check Out Any Time You Like , But You Can Never Leave ( August 2009 ) , Judge Orders Release From Guantánamo Of Kuwaiti Charity Worker ( August 2009 ) , Guantánamo And The Courts ( Part Two ) : Obama ’s Shame ( August 2009 ) , Guantánamo And The Courts ( Part Three ) : Obama ’s Continuing Shame ( August 2009 ) , No Escape From Guantánamo : The Latest Habeas Rulings ( September 2009 ) , First Guantánamo Prisoner To Lose Habeas Hearing Appeals Ruling ( September 2009 ) .
Also see : Justice extends to Bagram , Guantánamo ’s Dark Mirror ( April 2009 ) , Judge Rules That Afghan “ Rendered ” To Bagram In 2002 Has No Rights ( July 2009 ) , Bagram Is n’t The New Guantánamo , It ’s The Old Guantánamo ( August 2009 ) , Obama Brings Guantánamo And Rendition To Bagram ( And Not The Geneva Conventions ) and Is Bagram Obama ’s New Secret Prison ? ( both September 2009 ) .
The officer allegedly left after Jasionis reassured him
A Pc who allegedly left a woman with her rapist while responding to a 999 call in London is being investigated by the Metropolitan Police .
Pc Matthew Harris went to the victim's flat in Woolwich last November but allegedly left without making inquiries when Vitas Jasionis reassured him .
Jasionis , 54 , of Southwark , was found guilty of raping the 32 - year - old woman at Woolwich Crown Court on Monday .
Pc Harris has been referred to the directorate of professional standards .
The court heard the officer went to the flat in Ruston Road after a neighbour called 999 to report the screams of a woman .
Wanted for murder
When he knocked on the door Jasionis answered and reassured the officer , who then allegedly left without making further inquiries .
Hours later the victim called the police , but by then she had been raped again , the court was told .
Jasionis , who will be sentenced later , was arrested at the scene .
His brother , Antanas Jasionis , 50 , was cleared of rape , but is due to be extradited to Lithuania where he is wanted for murder .
A spokesman for the Met said the officer had been referred to the force 's directorate of professional standards .
The inquiry comes after police watchdog the Independent Police Complaints Commission warned that officers could be prosecuted for making blunders in two serial sex attacker cases - street stalker Kirk Reid and taxi- driving rapist John Worboys .
Online Scams – the Psychology of a Fraudster
Fraudsters and cunning thieves have been around for ages .
No wonder that in this day and age when you have a world at your fingertips they stepped up their game and improved their tactics .
It still works and why you wonder ?
Are they getting smarter or are we getting more naive ?
Let ’s face it – if you think you can bank 5 cool mils overnight with a single mouse click , you kinda have it coming to you , buddy .
Now , in all seriousness and all joke aside , a worrying statistic paints a grim picture .
The average age of a person who ’s been scammed via email is around 74 years and our elders seem to be the favourite kind of victim , should we choose to count fraud and cyber -crime .
Top 10 Most Common Scams Type of Scam Amount Lost Most Common in 1 . Online Dating Scams Over $ 22.5 million Canada , US , UK 2 . Spearphishing Scams Over $ 20 million US , Canada 3 . Online Shopping Scams Over $ 14 million Canada , US , Australia , UK 4 .
Investment Scams Over $ 11 million Australia , Canada 5 . Tax Scams Over $ 8 million Canada , US , UK 6 .
Employment Scams Over $ 6 million US , Canada , UK 7 .
Loan Scams Over $ 4 million US , Canada , UK 8 .
Tech Support Scams Over $ 2 million US , UK 9 .
Lottery Prize Scams Over $ 1.5 million US , UK , Australia 10 .
Cryptocurrency Scams Over $ 1 million US , Canada , UK
Preying on the weak and elderly – not on my watch !
Let ’s dig deeper into this wretched hive of scum and villainy .
From the classical Nigerian Royal family to fake investment pitches and even fake charities , a scam can come in any shape and size and can use all sort of tricks to rob you .
Up until August 2018 , a huge amount of money was lost , with tens of thousands of people being robbed out of their pensions or hard - earned cash .
Online shopping scams , Insurance and telecom scams seem to be rising , rather than banking fraud or credit card scams .
However , ID theft is still on the rise and we ’ll give this one special attention .
Fraudsters nowadays would do anything to access your private and financial data .
We must thank all the people out there who are so good at scambaiting and keep us informed .
How to Identify a Scammer or a Scam
Have you all heard the good old saying : “ If something is too good to be true , then it probably is n’t ” .
When it comes to the modus operandi of these con artists , the tell signs can be spotted a mile away .
An emotional letter , a text or message via a social channel , trying to get you to submit personal information on a certain online page , the fear of having your PC infected with a virus , a false sense of urgency meant to trick you into doing something fast are all signs of a scam .
Before we move on , let ’s take a look at the 5 most common internet scams and see how can they be avoided :
Phishing email scams – Criminals use them to trick their victims into providing them valuable data .
The email usually imitates correspondence from official institutions in an attempt to deceive the recipient into providing financial or personal information .
The easiest way to avoid this type of scam is by calling the official institution and asking if they have indeed sent the email .
Phishing is one of the most popular frauds , so you should always be extra careful with your correspondence .
– Criminals use them to trick their victims into providing them valuable data .
The email usually imitates correspondence from official institutions in an attempt to deceive the recipient into providing financial or personal information .
The easiest way to avoid this type of scam is by calling the official institution and asking if they have indeed sent the email .
Phishing is one of the most popular frauds , so you should always be extra careful with your correspondence .
The Nigerian Prince scam –
We have already talked about this type of fraud .
If you ever receive an email or any kind of correspondence asking you to help retrieve a large sum of money from your bank account , or to receive an impressive amount of funds in exchange for a lucrative commission , beware !
Internet scammers have gotten creative and would usually use a heartbreaking story to trick you .
If you want to keep your credit card balance intact , never respond to similar pleads .
Remember , rich royalties would never contact or give their fourtune to strangers .
– We have already talked about this type of fraud .
If you ever receive an email or any kind of correspondence asking you to help retrieve a large sum of money from your bank account , or to receive an impressive amount of funds in exchange for a lucrative commission , beware !
Internet scammers have gotten creative and would usually use a heartbreaking story to trick you .
If you want to keep your credit card balance intact , never respond to similar pleads .
Remember , rich royalties would never contact or give their fourtune to strangers .
Greeting card scams –
You would usually receive those around holidays such as Christmas or Easter .
Once you open the card , a malicious software would usually be installed to your computer .
Your financial and private information may then become available to online criminals .
In the worst case , they can even access your bank account !
You can protect yourself from this type of scams by using a good antivirus software .
Alternatively , it is always good advice to avoid opening cards that were not sent to you by friends or relatives .
Remember , your security comes first !
– You would usually receive those around holidays such as Christmas or Easter .
Once you open the card , a malicious software would usually be installed to your computer .
Your financial and private information may then become available to online criminals .
In the worst case , they can even access your bank account !
You can protect yourself from this type of scams by using a good antivirus software .
Alternatively , it is always good advice to avoid opening cards that were not sent to you by friends or relatives .
Remember , your security comes first !
Lottery scam –
It usually comes as an email message , informing you that you have won a huge amount of money .
To claim your prize , you would usually be asked to click on a certain link or pay a few small fees .
Once you do that , you would either end up with malicious software installed to your PC or you will be redirected to a website , where you will be tricked into paying a significant amount of money to the scammers .
Most lotteries will not notify winners by email and if you have actually purchased a ticket in the past , you can always check whether you have won on the corresponding lottery ’s official website .
– It usually comes as an email message , informing you that you have won a huge amount of money .
To claim your prize , you would usually be asked to click on a certain link or pay a few small fees .
Once you do that , you would either end up with malicious software installed to your PC or you will be redirected to a website , where you will be tricked into paying a significant amount of money to the scammers .
Most lotteries will not notify winners by email and if you have actually purchased a ticket in the past , you can always check whether you have won on the corresponding lottery ’s official website .
Bank Loan Scam –
If you ever receive an email , advising you that you have been preapproved for a loan that is too good to be true , beware !
As we have already mentioned , scammers have gotten surprisingly creative and their stories usually seem authentic .
To avoid becoming a victim of such frauds , ask yourself if a bank would really offer such good loan conditions without having investigated your credit history ?
The answer is no .
To avoid paying “ mandatory ” fees to scammers , simply contact the bank in question and talk to them in person .
Never share your bank account or credit card information via email .
To help you protect yourself from internet frauds , we have a few more tips for you .
When you receive a call out of nowhere , establish if it ’s a genuine marketing campaign and if so , the caller ’s identity can be easily verified .
Were you asked to share private data ?
You ’re going to be a victim of a phishing scam if you disclose your personal information with strangers , for whatever reason .
Always be extra careful and do n’t let fraudsters access your private or banking information .
Remember , most institutions wo n’t offer their important services to strangers , especially via phone or an impersonal email .
If it has very little contact details or a premium rate phone number and grammatical or spelling mistakes , again , you are dealing with a scam .
Winning something out of nowhere or receiving a random refund from a company you do n’t know when you ’re not expecting money means that someone is out to get you .
If you get a call from a company you know , for example , your bank or your doctor ’s office and someone asks you to confirm your identity – you are marked for phishing .
Your bank and your doctor know everything there is to know about you and would never ask you to share any personal information via phone or email .
If you still have any doubts , contact the company in question and asked them if they ’ve recently called to offer their services .
Online Casino Scams – Players Beware
Even the world of online gambling has its fair share of fraud .
Online casino scams happen on a daily basis and can take many forms .
Players can be lured into a false sense of security and deposit a sum of money because of an attractive offer they have seen , only to realise their money are forever lost .
Do not make any transactions or disclove any credit card information until you ’re certain your chosen operator is safe .
Some scammers have made a whole business out of online casino frauds .
If there is a certified gambling authority keeping watch for such ghost operators , report as many of them as possible .
An operator that does not offer any kind of customer service should be a warning flag .
An example of an online casino scam is not paying the winning players or stating that withdrawals take more time than usual , for whatever reason .
Be careful of such conditions , and do not become another of the preys of the internet scammers .
Of course , you could always end up being the victim of fraudulent software , meaning that the games can be tempered with and the software behind them can be compromised .
You end up gambling more and more only to realise there ’s nothing to gain out of playing said game .
The thing to do is to look for reputable casinos , the ones who are licensed and regulated .
Some more advanced forms of online casino scam copy a certified casino ’s terms and conditions and while things are looking great from the outside , once a player deposits his money is stolen and he gets locked out of his own account while the casino invokes legal reasons for doing so .
Players beware – plenty of safe online casinos to choose from , so choose wisely !
Fraud Categories
We are going to cover the most popular scam attempts and the newest types .
We have already mentioned the famous Nigerian scam because that poor prince has been trying to share his wealth for about 20 years now .
It comes in a form of a spam with a tempting subject and a tragic story while asking for financial help to recover a large sum of money .
I only know this because I ’ve done some scambaiting on my own .
Remember – not everything on the internet is safe and authentic !
Shopping online is fast and so easy to do , but keep an eye out for fake e-shops .
Looking for that new leather jacket ?
Do n’t be fooled by how cheap it is on that site you just found , because you might just send your money in all the wrong pockets and make tricky scammers a bit richer .
Do n’t rush into making any payments , as you might be giving scammers all data they need to access your account .
One scam that claims a lot of victims weekly is the job offer scam .
Someone with a brand new LinkedIn profile will message you and will pose as the HR Rep for a well - known company or established business , looking to hire you on a work from home opportunity .
In doing so , of course , they need some form of identification – a copy of your ID – to send you the work contract and your bank details , to send you the paychecks .
Usually , they offer a huge salary , which is way too much for the market value – that should be your giveaway .
If you ca n’t find any info on the company looking to hire you , or the recruiter does not use an official email , it ’s a phishing scam .
Your private data should be none of such strangers ’ business , so , avoid sending your personal information to ghost companies .
Protect Yourself from Scammers
Social media is a part of our daily lives and we love it .
However , looking over your privacy settings every once in a while is a good idea .
Scammers look for victims on all the popular social media channels and sites and often prey on careless internet users .
Do n’t respond to names or companies that you do not personally know and always take your time .
I ca n’t stress this enough : do not click on bogus links and do not install the software you know nothing about .
Do n’t let scammers disturb your peace at home and do n’t trust ghost companies , offering their services to you .
Do n’t accept a phone call from an unknown number claiming it ’s from Microsoft and your brand new Mac is infected .
Microsoft does not do courtesy calls – as much as we wanted them to .
Website clones is now a thing and if your browser marks the page as not being secure , chances are you ’re on the wrong site .
Apple or Microsoft would not contact over the internet , especially advising you about issues that you have n’t previously made them aware of .
Furthermore never ever disclose your credit card , bank details or other personal information online , unless you know and have used the service or platform before .
You fell in love with that gorgeous woman or man that you barely know and he / she is asking for money ?
Do n’t wanna break your heart , but it ’s a scam .
Stay safe out there and know that you can always bookmark this site .
Keep it handy in case that new job offer looks too good to be true !
Los Angeles County ’s second - highest - ranking employee took numerous steps to secure a county job for her future son- in - law that paid nearly $ 1,000 more a month than the position called for , according to a confidential audit reviewed by The Times .
County auditors said that Sharon Harper , the top deputy to the county ’s chief executive , had a “ clear conflict of interest ” in the hiring of Ed’Ward Rhone and that the chief executive “ should consider appropriate disciplinary action .
” The Times had sought the audit for several weeks , submitting public - information requests to supervisors ’ offices and the county auditor controller .
County lawyers denied the request , saying that releasing the report would be an unwarranted intrusion into Harper ’s privacy .
After The Times obtained the audit independently , county officials refused to comment on whether Harper had been disciplined .
The audit determined that Harper played an “ instrumental ” role in getting Rhone , 29 , a job with the county ’s fire department and did so because she had a personal relationship with him .
At the time of Rhone ’s hiring in November of last year , he was engaged to Harper ’s daughter .
The couple has since married . “ Ms. Harper should be aware that earning and maintaining the public trust is essential to her position as Chief Deputy , CEO , ” according to a seven - page report signed by County Auditor Controller Wendy Watanabe and dated Sept. 16 .
“ Because her actions reflect upon the county government as a whole , Ms. Harper should have anticipated how important it is to keep her personal interest separate from her work duties .
” The audit , conducted after an anonymous letter came into the county ’s fraud hotline office , details Harper ’s direct role in hiring Rhone .
The audit says that , among other actions , Harper arranged for Rhone ’s transfer from a Department of Health Services position , for which he had reported for just one - half of a day of orientation , to a less demanding fire - department job that should have paid 25 % less .
Auditors said Rhone was “ overcompensated ” for his duties .
“ Mr. Rhone is not ‘ technically ’ receiving a $ 1,000 per month bonus ; however he does receive a monthly salary that is $ 955 more than he would have , ” according to the audit .
The Times was unable to reach Rhone for comment .
The recommendation that Harper face unspecified discipline was confidentially delivered Sept. 16 to William T Fujioka , the county ’s chief executive , and the five county supervisors .
Harper since has continued to appear at board meetings .
Reached by phone Friday , Harper said : “ I ’m not discussing this with you .
... I think this conversation is over . ” Fujioka also declined comment .
" If it ’s about Sharon , not much I can say , " he wrote in an e-mail sent Friday .
" I have to respect her rights .
" Supervisors Mike Antonovich , Don Knabe , Gloria Molina , Mark Ridley - Thomas and Zev Yaroslavsky also declined comment .
Harper is a longtime county executive .
In her current position , she supervises the department heads who oversee some 100,000 employees , the largest workforce of any employer in the region .
Her annual salary was $ 223,500 in 2007 , the most recent available publicly .
Auditors wrote that , although relatives are not prohibited from working for the county , " we found evidence that Ms. Harper may have given Mr. Rhone preferential treatment during his hiring process . "
Among the findings :-- After Rhone became engaged to Harper ’s daughter , then - Director of Human Resources Mike Henry interviewed him to see if he was eligible for county employment .
Henry , who reported to Harper , subsequently phoned a top official in the Fire Department to see if there was a job for Rhone . --
In late October 2008 , Harper ordered another one of her subordinates to create a new position in the Fire Department , including it in a request for new employees submitted to the Board of Supervisors .
According to the audit , staffers later said that the request was " somewhat unusual " because it included no supporting documents justifying the position .--
Rhone was hired into a higher - paying job in the county ’s health department and immediately cleared for " lateral transfer " to what should have been a lower - pay - grade position with the Fire Department .
The audit found that , as a " direct result " of Harper ’s actions , Rhone " effectively advanced in pay four years faster .
"
The findings mark the second time in two years that the county ’s employment of one of Harper 's relatives has drawn scrutiny .
In 2007 , The Times reported that Harper ’s son , Christopher A. Bunn Jr. , was given a new county job after he was twice disciplined for violating Sheriff ’s Department policy by associating with suspected criminals .
At the time , he was employed as an aide at the Lancaster station .
Harper ’s husband , Jerry Harper , now retired , had been the sheriff ’s second - highest ranking employee during the 1990s .
The department ’s Office of Independent Review , which monitors internal affairs investigations , contended that Bunn should have received more than the three - day suspension for the first violation in 2004 , records show .
When another violation occurred in 2007 , some department officials determined that Bunn should be fired , according to sources familiar with the matter .
Instead , he was transferred to the Department of Public Health , where he made several thousand dollars less a year but retained his pension and benefits .
Harper said at the time that she had nothing to do with her son ’s transfer .
-- Garrett Therolf
oh crap sorry that I was n't able to reply for so long .
I just used a normal glue gun to put the pieces together but that made the entire sculpture super - fragile ( especially cause the glue gun melted parts of the plastic cups I used ) .
I suggest making a dragon out of cardboard : cheaper , more durable and should be a lot easier to craft .
good luck !
I can live all day inside the Internet .
I can talk to my friends , listen to music , watch TV , trade stocks , play games , do work - all on the Internet .
From 6 a.m. until 10 p.m. every day I can spend on the Internet and it would be a day well spent .
But run for the hills when it comes to advising clients to invest in the Internet .
The days of ...
Final Fantasy XIII will obviously be receiving a fair amount of time at the Tokyo Game Show .
But trailers and gameplay is n’t the only thing to expect from the latest FF title .
Famitsu has revealed some nice new information , that a secret menu option will be hidden for the attendance at the Tokyo Game Show .
According to the Japanese magazine , the hidden option is an important aspect to Final Fantasy XIII ’s system .
Nothing else was revealed .
[ Source ]
It ’s hard for us to believe what we ’re hearing these days .
Thousands are losing their homes , and gays want a day named after Harvey Milk .
The U.S. military is continuing its path of destruction , and gays want to be allowed to fight .
Cops are still killing unarmed black men and bashing queers , and gays want more policing .
More and more Americans are suffering and dying because they ca n’t get decent health care , and gays want weddings .
What happened to us ?
Where have our communities gone ?
Did gays really sell out that easily ?
As young queer people raised in queer families and communities , we reject the liberal gay agenda that gives top priority to the fight for marriage equality .
The queer families and communities we are proud to have been raised in are nothing like the ones transformed by marriage equality .
This agenda fractures our communities , pits us against natural allies , supports unequal power structures , obscures urgent queer concerns , abandons struggle for mutual sustainability inside queer communities and disregards our awesomely fabulous queer history .
Children of queers have a serious stake in this .
The media sure thinks so , anyway .
The photographs circulated after San Francisco mayor Gavin Newsom ’s 2004 decision to marry gay couples at City Hall show men exchanging rings with young children strapped to their chests and toddlers holding their moms ’ hands as city officials lead them through vows .
As Newsom runs for governor these images of children and their newly married gay parents travel with him , supposedly expressing how deeply Newsom cares about families : keeping them together , ensuring their safety , meeting their needs .
These photos , however , obscure very real aspects of his political record that have torn families apart : his disregard for affordable housing , his attacks on welfare , his support for increased policing and incarceration that separate parents from children and his new practice of deporting minors accused – not convicted – of crimes .
As young people with queer parents we are not proud of the “ family values ” politic put forth by these images and the marriage equality campaign .
We do n’t want gay marriage activism conducted in our name – we realize that it ’s hurting us , not helping us .
We think long - term monogamous partnerships are valid and beautiful ways of structuring and experiencing family , but we do n’t see them as any more inherently valuable or legitimate than the many other family structures .
We believe in each individual and family ’s right to live their queer identity however they find meaningful or necessary , including when that means getting married .
However , the consequences of the fight for legal inclusion in the marriage structure are terrifying .
We ’re seeing queer communities fractured as one model of family is being hailed and accepted as the norm , and we are seeing queer families and communities ignore and effectively work against groups who we see as natural allies , such as immigrant families , poor families , and families suffering from booming incarceration rates .
We reject the idea that any relationship based on love should have to register with the state .
Marriage is an institution used primarily to consolidate privilege , and we think real change will only come from getting rid of a system that continually doles out privilege to a few more , rather than trying to reform it .
We know that most families , straight or gay , do n’t fit in with the standards for marriage , and see many straight families being penalized for not conforming to the standard the government has set : single moms trying to get on welfare , extended family members trying to gain custody , friends kept from being each other ’s legal representatives .
We have far more in common with those straight families than we do with the kinds of gay families that would benefit from marriage .
We are seeing a gay political agenda become single - issue to focus on marriage and leave behind many very serious issues such as social , economic , and racial justice .
How the marriage agenda is leaving behind awesome queer history .
We ’re seeing the marriage equality agenda turn its back on a tradition of queer activism that began with Stonewall and other fierce queer revolts and that continued through the AIDS crisis .
Equality California keeps on sending us videos of big , happy , gay families , and they ’re making us sick : gay parents pushing kids on swings , gay parents making their kids ’ lunches , the whole gay family safe inside the walls of their own homes .
Wait a second , is it true ?
It ’s as if they ’ve found some sort of magical formula : once you have children , your life instantly transforms into a scene of domestic bliss , straight out of a 1950 ’s movie .
The message is clear .
Instead of dancing , instead of having casual sex , instead of rioting , all of the “ responsible ” gays have gone and had children .
And now that they ’ve had children , they wo n’t be bothering you at all anymore .
There ’s an implicit promise that once gays get their rights , they ’ll disappear again .
Once they can be at home with the kids , there ’s no reason for them to be political , after all !
Listening to this promise , we ’re a bit stunned .
Whoever said domesticity was n’t political ?
Was n’t it just a few years ago that the feminists taught us that the personal is political ?
That cooking , cleaning , raising children and putting in countless hours of physical , emotional , and intellectual labor should not mean withdrawing from the public sphere or surrendering your political voice ?
After all , we were raised by queers who created domestic lives that were always politically engaged , who raised kids and raised hell at the same time .
What makes Equality California think that an official marriage certificate is going to make us any less loud and queer ?
Oh wait .
We remember .
It ’s that sneaky thing about late liberal capitalism : its promise of formal rights over real restructuring , of citizenship for those who can participate in the state ’s economic plan over economic justice for all .
Once you have your formal rights ( like a marriage license ) , you can participate in the market economy and no longer need a political voice .
Looking around at the world we live in , we ’re unconvinced .
We ’re also seeing another alarming story surface :
If gays are ready to get married and have children , the AIDS crisis must be over !
Gay men shaped up after AIDS hit , or at least the smart ones did .
Those responsible enough to survive realized that they wanted children , and promptly settled down into relationships that were monogamous and that , presumably , carried no risk of HIV contraction .
Come on .
We reject all the moralizing about parenthood , responsibility , and sexual practice that goes on in this story .
Besides the obvious fact that the AIDS crisis is not over , in the US or abroad , we realize that parenthood and non-monogamy are n’t mutually exclusive .
The gay marriage movement wants us to believe that you need a sperm donor or an adoption agency to have children , but we know that there are more ways to make queer families than any of us can imagine .
We refuse the packaged and groomed history that writes out the many HIV + individuals in our lives and communities who are living healthily , loving in monogamous and non-monogamous relationships and raising children .
We challenge our queer communities to remember our awesomely radical history of building families and raising children in highly political , inventive , and non-traditional ways .
How marriage equality fractures our community and pits us against our strongest allies .
We believe that the argument for gay marriage obscures the many structural , social , and economic forces that break families apart and take people away from their loved ones .
Just for starters , there ’s the explosion in incarceration levels , national and international migration for economic survival , deportation , unaffordable housing , and lack of access to drug rehabilitation services .
The argument for gay marriage also ignores the economic changes and cuts to social services that make it nearly impossible for families to stay together and survive : welfare cuts , fewer after school programs , less public housing , worse medical care , not enough social workers , failing schools , the economic crisis in general .
We choose solidarity with immigrant families whom the state denies legal recognition and families targeted by prisons , wars , and horrible jobs .
We reject the state violence that separates children from parents and decides where families begin and end , drawing lines of illegality through relationships .
We see this as part of a larger effort on the part of the state to control our families and relationships in order to preserve a system that relies on creating an underclass deprived of security in order to ensure power for a few .
We know that everyone has a complex identity , and that many queer families face separation due to one or more of the causes mentioned here , now or in the future .
We would like to see our queer community recognize marriage rights as a short - term solution to the larger problem of the government ’s disregard for the many family structures that exist .
As queers , we need to take an active role in exposing and fighting the deeper sources of this problem .
We wo n’t let the government decide what does and does not constitute a family .
The way that the marriage agenda phrases its argument about healthcare shows just how blind it is to the needs of the queer community .
It has adopted marriage as a single - issue agenda , making it seem like the queer community ’s only interest in healthcare is in the inclusion of some members of two person partnerships in the already exclusive healthcare system .
Health care is a basic human right to which everyone is entitled , not one that should be extended through certain kinds of individual partnerships .
We know this from queer history , and if we forget it , we will continue to let our community live in danger .
The question of universal healthcare is urgent to queers because large groups of people inside our communities face incredible difficulty and violence receiving medical care , such as trans people who seek hormone treatment or surgery , people who are HIV positive , and queer and trans youth who are forced to live on the street .
Instead of equalizing access to health care , marriage rights would allow a small group of people who have partnered themselves in monogamous configurations to receive care .
If we accept the marriage agenda ’s so - called solution , we ’ll leave out most of our community .
Perhaps because the gay marriage movement has forgotten about the plurality and diversity of queer communities and queer activism , it has tried to gloss over its shortcomings by appropriating the struggles of other communities .
We reject the notion that “ gay is the new black , ” that the fight for marriage equality is parallel to the fight for civil rights , that queer rights and rights for people of color are mutually exclusive .
We do n’t believe that fighting for inclusion in marriage is the same as fighting to end segregation .
Drawing that parallel erases queer people of color and makes light of the structural racism that the civil rights movement fought against .
The comparison is made as if communities of color , and black communities in particular , now enjoy structural equality .
We know that ’s not true .
We would like to see a queer community that , rather than appropriating the narrative of the civil rights movement for its marriage equality campaign , takes an active role in exposing and protesting structural inequality and structural racism .
Rather than choosing to fight the things that keep structural racism intact , the liberal gay agenda has chosen to promote them .
The gay agenda continually fights for increased hate crimes legislation that would incarcerate and execute perpetrators of hate crimes .
We believe that incarceration destroys communities and families , and does not address why queer bashings happen .
Increased hate crimes legislation would only lock more people up .
In a country where entire communities are ravaged by how many of their members get sent to jail , where prisons are profit - driven institutions , where incarceration only creates more violence , we wo n’t accept anything that promotes prison as a solution .
Our communities are already preyed upon by prisons – trans people , sex workers , and street kids live with the constant threat of incarceration .
We believe that real , long - term solutions are found in models of restorative and transformative justice , and in building communities that can positively and profoundly deal with violence .
We challenge our queer communities to confront what we are afraid of rather than locking it up , and to join members of our community and natural allies in opposing anything that would expand prisons .
The gay marriage agenda also supports the expansion of the army , seemingly forgetting about all of the ways that the army creates and maintains violence and power .
The gay marriage agenda fights to abolish the “ do n’t ask do n’t tell ” policy , promoting the military ’s policy and seeking inclusion .
We ’ve thought long and hard about this , and we ca n’t remember liking anything that the US military has done in a really long time .
What we do remember is how the military mines places where poor people and people of color live , taking advantage of the lack of opportunities that exist for kids in those communities and convincing them to join the army .
We think it ’s time that queers fight the army and the wars it is engaged in instead of asking for permission to enter .
Marriage does n’t promise real security .
As the economy collapses , as the number of Americans without a job , without healthcare , without savings , without any kind of social security net increases , it ’s easy to understand how marriage has become an instant cure - all for some .
Recognizing that many in our community have lived through strained or broken relationships with their biological families , through the darkest days of the AIDS epidemic in the United States , through self - doubt about and stigmatization of their relationships , we understand where the desire for the security promised by marriage comes from .
However , we see the promotion of gay marriage as something that tries to put a band - aid over deeper sources of insecurity , both social and economic .
With marriage , the state is able to absolve itself of responsibility for the well - being of its citizens , as evidenced by the HRC ’s argument that with gay marriage , the state could kick more people off of welfare .
If the HRC got its way , the queers who do not want , or are not eligible for , marriage would be even less secure than before .
We ’re frightened by the way the marriage agenda wants to break up our community in this way , and we ’re committed to fighting any kind of politics that demonizes poor people and welfare recipients .
We challenge our queer communities to build a politics that promotes wealth redistribution .
What if , rather than donating to the HRC campaign , we pooled our wealth to create a community emergency fund for members of our community who face foreclosure , need expensive medical care or find themselves in any other economic emergency ?
As queers , we need to take our anger , our fear , and our hope and recognize the wealth of resources that we already have , in order to build alternative structures .
We do n’t need to assimilate when we have each other .
We ’re not like everyone else .
Everywhere we turn , it seems like someone wants us to support gay marriage .
From enthusiastic canvassers on the street to liberal professors in the academy , from gay lawyers to straight soccer moms , there ’s someone smiling at us , eager to let us know how strongly they support our “ right to marry , ” waiting for what should be our easy affirmation .
And there seems to be no space for us to resist the agenda that has been imposed upon us .
We ’re fed up with the way that the gay marriage movement has tried to assimilate us , to swallow up our families , our lives , and our lovers into its clean - cut standards for what queer love , responsibility , and commitment should look like .
We reject the idea that we should strive to see straight family configurations reflected in our families .
We ’re offended by the idea that white , middle - class gays – rather than genderqueers , poor people , single moms , prisoners , people of color , immigrants without papers , or anyone whose life falls outside of the norm that the state has set – should be our “ natural ” allies .
We refuse to feel indebted or grateful to those who have decided it ’s time for us to be pulled out from the fringe and into the status quo .
We know that there are more of us on the outside than on the inside , and we realize our power .
We write this feeling as if we have to grab our community back from the clutches of the gay marriage movement .
We ’re frightened by its path and its incessant desire to assimilate .
Believe it or not , we felt incredibly safe , happy , taken care of , and fulfilled with the many queer biological and chosen parents who raised us without the right to marry .
Having grown up in queer families and communities we strongly believe that queers are not like everyone else .
Queers are sexy , resourceful , creative , and brave enough to challenge an oppressive system with their lifestyle .
In the ways that our families might resemble nuclear , straight families , it is accidental and coincidental , something that lies at the surface .
We do not believe that queer relationships are the mere derivatives of straight relationships .
We can play house without wanting to be straight .
Our families are tangled , messy and beautiful – just like so many straight families who do n’t fit into the official version of family .
We want to build communities of all kinds of families , families that can exist – that do exist – without the recognition of the state .
We do n’t believe that parenting is cause for an end to political participation .
We believe that nurturing the growth , voice and imagination of children as a parent , a family and a community is a profoundly radical act .
We want to build networks of accountability and dependence that lie outside the bounds of the government , the kinds of networks that we grew up in , the kinds of networks that we know support single - parent families , immigrant families , families who have members in the military or in prison , and all kinds of chosen families .
These families , our families , work through our collective resources , strengths , commitments , and desires , and we would n’t change them for anything .
October 23 , 2009 by sniderstyle
I ’ve made a video of me playing 25nl live action .
Here ’s the link : http://www.box.net/shared/xq3s0f8pdj
The Department of Defense has identified 4,344 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war and 900 who have died as part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans on Friday :
AFGHANISTAN
BISHOP , Keith R. , 28 , Staff Sgt. , Army ; Medford , N.Y. , Seventh Special Forces Group ( Airborne ) .
CHARLTON , Robert K. , 22 , Spc. , Army ; Malden , Mo. , 10th Mountain Division ( Light Infantry ) .
DELAROSA , Fernando , 24 , Sgt. , Army ; Alamo , Tex. ; Second Infantry Division .
GONZALEZ , Luis M. , 27 , Staff Sgt. , Army ; South Ozone Park , N.Y. ; Second Infantry Division .
GRIFFIN , Dale R. , 29 , Sgt. , Army ; Terre Haute , Ind. ; Second Infantry Division .
HERNANDEZ-CHAVEZ , Josue E. , 23 , Sgt. , Army ; Reno , Nev. ; 160th Special Operations Regiment ( Airborne ) .
JACKSON , Issac B. , 27 , Sgt. , Army ; Plattsburg , Mo. ; Second Infantry Division .
LYONS , Niall , 40 , Chief Warrant Officer , Army ; Spokane , Wash . ; 160th Special Operations Regiment ( Airborne )
McNABB , Shawn H. , 24 , Staff Sgt. , Army ; Terrell , Tex. ; 160th Special Operations Regiment ( Airborne ) .
METZGER , David E. , 32 , Sgt. First Class , Army ; San Diego ; Seventh Special Forces Group ( Airborne ) .
MONTGOMERY , Michael P. , 36 , Chief Warrant Officer , Army ; Savannah , Ga. ; 160th Special Operations Regiment ( Airborne ) .
MUELLER , Nikolas A. 26 , Sgt. , Army ; Little Chute , Wis. ; 160th Special Operations Regiment ( Airborne ) .
STANKER , Jared D. , 22 , Spc. , Army ; Evergreen Park , Ill. ; Second Infantry Division .
WALZ , Christopher I. , 25 , Pfc. , Army ; Vancouver , Wash . ; Second Infantry Division .
WILLIAMSON , Patrick O. , 24 , Sgt. , Army ; Broussard , La. , Second Infantry Division
IRAQ
GALLEGOS , Joseph L. , 39 , Spc. , Army National Guard ; Questa , N.M. ; 720th Transportation Company .
Nothing says sensitivity to a person in a wheelchair like strangers coming and taking pictures of them .
Free Store ( For Profit ) Pops Up in SE Portland
When North Carolinian Ben Aubin moved to the West Coast last summer and bought a short schoolbus for $ 1000 off Craiglist , his plan was to park the bus in Portland and turn it into his home .
But when he got to our town and found out it 's illegal to park the bus on public streets for days at a time ... well , then he was stuck with a bus .
Just after Labor Day he got a new idea : turn the bus into Portland 's first free store .
Now the free store is up and running in a food cart lot on SE 11th and Clay and because the bus gets six miles a gallon , it 's probably staying there for the time being .
But what remains to be seen is whether Aubin can actually make a living running the entirely - free operation .
" I really wanted to see what kind of free culture existed .
Back in North Carolina , I was living what is called the ' freegan lifestyle , ' " says Aubin , explaining why he decided to head west six months ago .
" I 've never seen a city where there 's so many things for free , all these freeboxes out on the street . "
Aubin hopes that people will stop by the colorfully - painted shortbus to drop off items and pick up whatever they want , too .
Creepy dolls ?
Red lampshade ?
Yours for free !
As a customer stepped up the bus stairs yesterday afternoon looking for free winter clothes , Aubin explained the moneymaking idea behind the Free Store .
Bike messengers will race around town picking up free items from donors and freeboxes and deliver requested items to other peoples ' doors , along with a page of ads from local businesses .
Messengers work for tips , for now , but Aubin plans to pay the bikers when ad sales pick up .
Well , ad sales pick up .
So far it 's been a hard sell .
" Many businesses feel that because it's a free business , then our clientele would be low income people who would n't patronize them anyway , " says Aubin , who estimates he needs about $ 4000 a month to pay rent on the Free Store 's parking spot and keep its fleet of messengers in business .
Right now , five bike messengers are delivering for the store , two of them as their only job .
Aubin is also asking people to become " Rainmakers " who donate $ 10 to the store each month .
Since the store opened a month ago , 15 people have signed up as Rainmakers .
" The free stores I 've heard of running on nonprofit models do n't last more than six months , " says Aubin .
The small bus is packed with an eclectic mix of items .
Women 's clothes line one wall and assorted dishes cover a table in back , right next to a large and mysterious machine apparently used to enlarge small images .
Next to a bookshelf containing worn copies of John Grisham and Twilight , a VHS rack holds a Madonna 's Immaculate Collection , The Best of Elmo and a video about Yiddish .
Aubin picks over all donations and sends the items he thinks wo n't " sell " over to Goodwill .
Harry the hot dog vending propert manager ( left ) and former Freegan Ben Aubin outside the Free Store .
So why does Portland need a free store it has Craigslist and the bins ?
Those are n't reliable , says Aubin , and it still takes time and money to go out and pick up goods while the free store will deliver to your doorstep .
His ultimate goal is to open up a string up free stores on the West Coast connected by veggie oil - powered trucks that could deliver goods between cities .
Of course , Aubin also sees the Free Store as a way to make the world a better place .
" At first I thought Portland was going to be aand now I 'm starting to see the duality of Portland , the racism , the objectification of women , the battle that occurs between cyclists and cars , " says Aubin .
The property manager , a man named Harry who sells hot dogs from his stand next to the bus , is surprisingly enthusiastic about the store .
" This cat is actually giving away stuff for free !
And I 'm talking about good stuff ! " says
Harry , who invited the free store to rent part of the lot despite some initial skepticism , " People think if it 's free , you 're gonna get poor people coming by .
But no !
You get all kinds of people . "
Between 20 - 50 have stopped by the store every day so far , 90 percent of them women , according to Aubin .
This Saturday the store is hosting a grand opening party , with Ninkasi kegs and DJs from 7 - 11 pm at its home on SE 11th and Clay .
Check out the free store website to request items for yourself .
Anna Tanya Song And Sexy Busty Girlfriend at Scoreland.com
Here we have Anna Tanya Song again .. but with another busty friend …
Big Natural Titties are our passion and fantasy .. Expect to see more sexy busty babes in the future … .
These Anna Tanya Song ’s photos are from Scoreland.com
Get Full Cheap Membership at Scoreland.com
They offer so many busty babes for download , you will not have time to even browse all the girls …
They were collecting and shooting sexiest big natural titted babes for over 10 years …
And they are all able to download for a small fee…ENTER NOW FOR TITS HEAVEN !
More Anna Tanya Song Nude photos are available HERE …
Join these busty babes and make a busty sandwich …
Preview more busty models and choose who is the hottest … .
Download Whole Scene and Full Video…
ENTER HERE for more Scoreland busty girls …
_
The field of gold :
How jobless treasure hunter unearthed greatest ever haul of Saxon artefacts with £ 2.50 metal detector
It will revolutionise our understanding of the Dark Ages , bring delight to millions and make two men very rich indeed .
Archaeologists yesterday unveiled the largest and most valuable hoard of Saxon gold in history – 1,500 pieces of treasure unearthed from a farmer ’s field by a man with a metal detector .
The haul includes beautiful gold sword hilts , jewels from Sri Lanka , exquisitely carved helmet decorations and early Christian crosses .
SCROLL DOWN TO SEE VIDEO REPORT
Historic haul :
This beautifully intricate metalwork is part of an Anglo - Saxon helmet
' The Folded Cross ' ( l ) which formed part of the find , and ( r ) an artist 's impression of how it would have looked originally .
The fact such a prominent Christian symbol was bent could be a sign it was buried by pagans Discovery of a lifetime : Metal detecting fan Terry Herbert found the amazing haul in a Staffordshire field
The 1,300 - year - old treasure was discovered by unemployed Terry Herbert in July in a field owned by a friend in Staffordshire .
Within days , the 55 - year - old former coffin factory worker from Walsall had filled 244 bags .
Outside the worlds of Indiana Jones and Channel Four ’s Time Team , archaeologists are not usually known for their exuberance .
TERRY HERBERT who found the hoard : ' I was going to bed and in my sleep , I was seeing gold items .
As soon as I closed my eyes , I saw gold patterns .
I did n't think it was ever going to end . '
But yesterday the superlatives about the Staffordshire Hoard were flying .
Some spoke of the find as the new Lindisfarne Gospels or Book of Kells , which are intricately illuminated manuscripts of the four gospels from the 8th and 9th centuries .
Others described the treasure as ‘ absolutely sensational ’ , ‘ astonishing ’ and ‘ stunning ’ .
All agreed it will shake up our understanding of Saxon Britain .
Ornate : A collection of what appear to be sword hilts and to the right , the folded cross
Intricate : Exquisite metalwork on this sword hilt depicts figures of animals
Preserved : A figure of an animal , possible from the crest of a helmet ( l ) and ( r ) , an ornamental millefiori stud
The gold objects alone weigh more than 5kg ( 11lb ) .
HOW IS TREASURE DEFINED ?
Treasure is defined by the law as any gold or silver objects , or coins , more than 300 years old which were deliberately hidden .
Under the 1996 Treasure Act , any treasure found in England and Wales belongs to the Crown .
Anyone who finds what they suspect may be treasure must report it to the local coroner within 14 days of discovery .
If they do n't , they risk a three - month jail sentence or a £ 5,000 fine .
If an inquest declares that a find is treasure , it is offered to the British Museum or a local museum who has it officially valued by an independent board of antiquities experts .
If they want the find , they must pay the market value of the treasure to the finder and / or landowner .
If they do n't , the finder can keep it .
Normally , any treasure belongs to the landowner .
However , a landowner can agree to split the reward with a metal detector enthusiast .
The collection is currently being held in secure storage at Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery , where a selection of items will be displayed from today until October 13 .
After that a treasure valuation committee will value the find .
The great Anglo - Saxon burial site at IT will revolutionise our understanding of the Dark Ages , bring delight to millions and make two men very rich indeed .
Archaeologists yesterday unveiled the largest and most valuable hoard of Saxon gold in history - 500 pieces of treasure unearthed from a farmer ’s field by a man with a metal detector .
The haul includes beautiful gold sword hilts , jewels from Sri Lanka , exquisitely carved helmet decorations and early Christian crosses .
The 1,300 - year - old treasure was discovered by unemployed Terry Herbert in July in a field owned by a friend in Staffordshire .
Within days , the 55 - year - old former coffin factory worker from Walsall had filled 244 bags .
Outside the worlds of Indiana Jones and Channel Four ’s Time Team , archaeologists are not usually known for their exuberance .
But yesterday the superlatives about the Staffordshire Hoard were flying .
Some spoke of the find as the new Lindisfarne Gospels or Book of Kells .
They are intricately illuminated manuscripts of the four gospels from the 8th and 9th centuries .
Others described the treasure as ‘ absolutely sensational ’ , ‘ astonishing ’ and ‘ stunning ’ .
All agreed it will shake up our understanding of Saxon Britain .
More than 1,000 years old : A strip of gold with a biblical inscription in Latin .
It reads : ' Rise up , o Lord , and may thy enemies be dispersed and those who hate thee be driven from thy face '
A gold sword fitting inlaid with garnet , left , as it was found in the field and , right , after it has been cleaned up
The pommel of a sword
A snake - like piece of jewellery
A piece of plate from a sword hilt
The gold objects alone weigh more than 5kg ( 11lb ) .
The great Anglo - Saxon burial site at Sutton Hoo in Suffolk , found in 1939 , had a mere 1.66kg ( 3.5lb ) .
Mr Herbert , who bought an old metal detector for £ 2.50 18 years ago , said he was overwhelmed by the find – regarded as one of the most important in decades .
‘ I have this phrase that I say sometimes – “ spirits of yesteryear take me where the coins appear ” – but on that day I changed coins to gold , ’ he said .
‘ I do n’t know why I said it that day , but I think somebody was listening and directed me to it .
Maybe it was meant to be , maybe the gold had my name on it all along .
‘ I was going to bed and in my sleep I was seeing gold items . ’
Mr Herbert , who lives separately from his girlfriend of 20 years , Vicki Hyden , is thought to have signed a written contract with landowner Fred Johnson agreeing to split any finds on his land .
He now plans to trade up from his rented maisonette to a bungalow .
But the extraordinary find has already sparked the inevitable tensions .
‘ Me and Terry agreed to keep it all low key and I thought that would be the case , ’ said Mr Johnson who owns the farm in Brownhills , Staffordshire .
‘ It is not about the money for me , it ’s an incredible find for the country and that ’s what more important .
‘ I ’m not happy with Terry - I think its more about the money for him and I ’m going to have to confront him about that . ’
The hoard includes gold mounts inlaid with garnets , gold images of animals and reptiles – including horses and snakes , three crosses , including a large , processional one with enormous garnets , and dozens of gold fittings from swords .
Exposed :
One of the finds on the surface of the field next to a 20 p piece ( l ) and ( r ) archaeologists at work
There is also a gold strip with a Biblical inscription in Latin which reads : ‘ Rise up , O Lord , and may thy enemies be scattered and those who hate thee be driven from thy face ’ .
‘ Everyone is completely knocked back , ’ said Roger Bland , a senior antiquities curator at the British Museum .
‘ These are absolutely unique objects . ’
Of the total value he said : ‘ I ca n’t say anything other than we expect it to be a seven - figure sum . ’
The jewels are thought to have come from Sri Lanka - carried to Europe by traders .
The gold probably came from the Byzantine Empire , the eastern remnant of the Roman Empire based in what is now Istanbul .
Leslie Webster , former keeper at the British Museum ’s Department of Prehistory and Europe , said he believes the find offered a more dramatic insight into Saxon life than even Sutton Hoo .
‘ This will change our understanding of the dates of early Christian manuscripts , our perceptions of seventh - century people and where power lay , ’ he said .
The treasure dates from 675 and 725AD , the time of Beowulf – the great Anglo - Saxon poem .
Some of the objects were lying on top of the soil , others were just below the surface .
So far , experts have examined 1,345 .
Archaeologists kept its discovery quiet until yesterday – when they had removed every trace of gold .
They were desperate to keep the location secret from ‘ night hawkers ’ – treasure seekers who raid archaeological sites in darkness using torches and metal detectors .
The treasure is so valuable it almost certainly belonged to a king or warlord .
At the time it was hidden , Staffordshire was the heartland of Mercia , an aggressive kingdom under Aethelred and other rulers .
The gold could have been collected during wars with the kingdoms of Northumbria and East Anglia .
Some appears to have been deliberately removed from the objects to which they were attached .
Some of the items have been bent and twisted .
It may have been hurriedly buried when the owner was in danger .
The fact it was never recovered suggests the owner was killed .
It may also have been buried by a victorious army as aform of humiliation to the defeated .
The future of the hoard , declared treasure yesterday and therefore Crown property , is undecided .
The collection will probably be divided between the Birmingham Museum , where some items will be unveiled to the public until October 13 , and other museums .
Mr Herbert , meanwhile , is used to his hobby being mocked .
‘ I ’ve had people go past and go “ beep beep , he ’s after pennies ” , he said .
‘ Well no , we are out there to find this kind of stuff – and it is out there . ’
What these gems reveal about the brutal men who made England The Anglo - Saxons ruled England through the upheavals of the Viking age right up to the Norman conquest of 1066 From his high vantage point , the mighty Anglo - Saxon king Penda looked down on a sight of unimaginable brutality .
Below , on a battlefield strewn with bodies , his men fought with a lust for blood , filling the air with the roar of their shrieks , sword striking sword with the metallic clang of early warfare .
Later , in the glory of victory , Penda ’s warriors dug a shallow hole .
They made a triumphal burial of their enemy ’s weapons and battlefield spoils .
It was a custom of the day , a form of ritual humiliation of the foe , described in the great Anglo - Saxon poem Beowulf : ‘ Weapons of war and weeds ( clothes ) of battle , with breastplate and blade – a heaped hoard ’ .
Could it be that this was the scene that took place 1,400 years ago – and that such a hoard has now been discovered in Staffordshire ?
It seems more than possible .
King Penda would have been worthy of such treasure .
He killed five kings in battles in the mid seventh century , becoming the most powerful Anglo - Saxon ruler of the age .
He was described by a contemporary as ‘ a most warlike man of the royal race of the Mercians ’ .
Later , he would be beheaded in battle .
Truly it was a brutal era .
To say this magnificent find changes our understanding of the early Anglo - Saxons is an understatement on a massive scale for it changes so much we thought we knew about our warrior forebears .
It sheds new light on a period we have come to know as the Dark Ages – for unlike the Romans , who left us such a wealth of historical evidence , the Anglo - Saxons did not write anything down before they were converted to Christianity in the seventh century .
It is of course early days in terms of reconstructing how this treasure trove came to be buried .
But we certainly believe it to be a hoard of armaments taken from an enemy .
Notably , there are no feminine objects such as dress fittings , brooches or pendants .
Nor are there cooking utensils , nor domestic trappings – everything points to it being a trophy hoard taken in a war .
These warring Anglo Saxons were probably male soldiers in their teenage years and early twenties .
The hoard shows that the soldiers were presumably wealthy enough to pay for beautifully wrought treasures , including gold and garnets , which might have come from as far away as India .
In the coming months and years , we will be analyzing each piece in minute detail and ascertaining what light these remains shed on our ancestors .
The treasure was discovered in the heartland of the Anglo - Saxon kingdom of Mercia , in the English Midlands .
The Anglo - Saxons thought of themselves as the descendants of invading Germanic tribes who settled in the south and east of England at the end of Roman rule , in the early fifth century AD .
They ruled England through the upheavals of the Viking age right up to the Norman conquest of 1066 .
Basic :
An artist 's impression of a Anglo - Saxon village The early Anglo - Saxons founded England as we know it .
They spoke Old English – and they would have been just about intelligible to us .
They developed royal families , systems of justice and a currency , which has come down to us with only slight modifications .
They lived in settlements of wooden houses , with fireplaces in the middle and few windows .
The names of their villages still exist – Reading , Henley , Fulham , Hastings and Middleton are all Anglo - Saxon words .
By the time the Staffordshire hoard was assembled , about half of England was officially Christian and monasteries were beginning to appear .
Their homes would have been smoky , dark and primitive .
All activities requiring good light had to take place outside , making the magnificent craftsmanship seen in this treasure even more amazing .
Their food would have been familiar to us , but much more restricted in variety .
They would have eaten porridge and bread , butter and cheese , but not so much meat , and not very many vegetables .
They did however have leeks , garlic and onions , and relied heavily on herbs to flavour their food .
Meat came from farmed animals and from hunting .
Apples and other native fruit would have provided vitamins .
They loved to party , drinking mead – a brew fermented from honey – beer and ale .
They sang and danced , and were wonderful storytellers – we know this from the little poetry they left behind .
But there are still many ‘ known unknowns ’ about the Anglo Saxons .
The big mystery is where did they come from ?
Did they arrive from Germany in family units ?
Or as immigrant men who had children with native British women ?
Or did just a few come from the continent and show the native British a way of life to adopt .
Our Anglo Saxon forebears remain something of an enigma but with these magnificent treasures , we come a step closer to knowing our early English ancestors .
Dr Helen Geake is National Finds Adviser ( Early - Medieval Artefacts ) at the Department of Archaeology , University of Cambridge .
Some of the collection 's highlights :
SWORD HILT FITTINGS :
At least 84 pommel caps and 71 sword hilt collars have been identified so far .
They would have adorned a sword or seax ( short sword or knife ) .
Their elaborate and expensive decoration - many are made of gold and inlaid with garnets - suggests the weapons were once the property of the highest echelons of nobility .
HELMETS : Experts are piecing together what they believe are parts from several splendidly decorated helmets , including what appears to be a cheek - piece with a frieze of running animals .
It has a relatively low gold content and has been specially alloyed , probably to make it more functional and able to withstand blows .
There are also fragments of silver edging and reeded strips that may have been helmet fittings and an animal figurine that was possibly the crest of a helmet .
BIBLICAL INSCRIPTIONS : A strip of gold bearing a biblical inscription in Latin is one of the most significant and controversial finds .
One expert believes that the style of lettering indicates it is from the seventh or early eighth centuries , while another dates it to the eighth or ninth centuries .
The warlike inscription , mis-spelt in places , is thought to be from the Book of Numbers , Chapter 10 verse 35 .
The translation reads : ' Rise up , o Lord , and may thy enemies be dispersed and those who hate thee be driven from thy face . '
FOLDED CROSSES :
The largest of two or three crosses in the hoard may have been an altar or processional cross .
It has been folded , possibly to make it fit into a small space prior to burial .
The apparent lack of respect shown to this Christian symbol may point to the hoard being buried by pagans .
Video : Anglo - Saxon gold found on Staffordshire farmland
THE UK'S TOP TEN TREASURE FINDS
The historic find in Staffordshire is comparable with some of the most significant hauls in Britain .
Experts at the British Library have previously identified the UK's 10 top treasures
WHAT IS THE BOOK OF KELLS ?
The Book of Kells is another great cultural icon of the medieval West and regarded as a shining example of the Celtic art form .
It was made from calfskin leaves decorated with elaborate illustrations and Latin calligraphy in around 800 AD by Columban monks in the monastery of Iona , off the Scottish coast .
It is thought it would have taken a team of illustrators up to 30 years to finish .
Fear of Viking attacks meant it was moved to another monastery in Kells , County Meath , in Ireland in the 9th century .
It remained there for almost 700 years , bar one incident when it was stolen and found weeks later without its golden , jewelled cover and with some pages missing .
It came to Trinity College , Dublin , in 1661 , and is still on display there today .
THE HOXNE HOARD : The Hoxne , pronounced Hoxon , hoard found near Ipswich consists of more than 15,000 gold and silver coins , gold jewellery and numerous small items of silver tableware , including pepper pots , ladles and spoons .
It was discovered in 1992 .
THE MILDENHALL TREASURE : Made famous by Roald Dahl 's children 's story , this haul is one of the most important collections of silver tableware of the late Roman Empire .
The objects were found during ploughing near Mildenhall in Suffolk in 1942 but were not declared a Treasure Trove until 1946 .
THE FISHPOOL HOARD :
The hoard , found in Ravenshead , Nottinghamshire , comprises 1,237 coins , four rings , four pieces of jewellery and two lengths of chain .
It was probably deposited some time between winter 1463 and summer 1464 , during a rebellion against the Yorkist king Edward IV on behalf of the Lancastrian Henry VI , in the first decade of the Wars of the Roses ( 1455 - 85 ) .
THE CUERDALE HOARD : A silver treasure consisting of more than 8,500 objects buried in a lead - lined chest .
It was found by workmen in the bank of the River Ribble , Lancashire , in 1840 .
Experts speculate that it was buried by Vikings after they were expelled from Dublin in AD 902 .
THE RILLATON GOLD CUP : Workmen engaged in construction work in 1837 plundered a burial cairn for stone on part of Bodmin Moor , at Rillaton .
It contained the decayed remains of a human skeleton accompanied by a gold cup , a bronze dagger and other objects that have not survived - a decorated pottery vessel , a " metallic rivet " , " some pieces of ivory " and " a few glass beads " .
THE MOLD GOLD CAPE :
This gold item of unparalleled significance was discovered by workmen quarrying for stone in an ancient burial mound in 1833 .
The mound lay in a field at Mold , Flintshire , named Bryn yr Ellyllon ( the Fairies ' or Goblins ' Hill ) .
At the centre was a stone - lined grave with the crushed gold cape around the fragmentary remains of a skeleton .
Strips of bronze and quantities of amber beads were also recovered , but only one of the beads ever reached the British Museum .
THE LINDISFARNE GOSPELS
The Lindisfarne Gospels is an illuminated Latin manuscript of the gospels of Matthew , Mark , Luke and John produced in Lindisfarne , Northumbria , in the late seventh or early eighth century .
Like most medieval Christian manuscripts , it was written in Latin but in around 970 during its time in Chester - Le - Street an Anglo - Saxon translation was written in red ink underneath the Latin .
This makes it the oldest surviving version of the gospels in any form of English .
Around 1,300 years old , it is considered one of the world 's greatest historic books and symbols of faith and is also one of the UK 's greatest religious treasures .
The manuscript was created by a monk at Lindisfarne Priory in Northumbria and kept safe during raids by the Vikings and then the Normans .
In 1104 , they were moved to Durham Cathedral but during the dissolution of the monastries under Henry VIII they were seized by the king 's commissioners .
They were held in the Tower of London for a time before coming to Sir Robert Cotton in the early 17th century .
His heirs later gave the book to the nation .
THE SNETTISHAM HOARD :
At least 11 hoards of torcs , ingots and coins have been found at Snettisham , Norfolk , since 1948 , when three hoards were ploughed to the surface .
In August 1990 a huge deposit of broken torcs , bracelets , ingots and coins was discovered , prompting the British Museum to organise an archaeological excavation .
Most of the hoards were buried in about 70 BC , and the entire collection is the largest deposit of gold and silver from Iron Age Europe , weighing in at around 20kg of silver and 15kg of gold .
THE VINDOLANDA TABLETS : Vindolanda was one of the main military posts on the northern frontier of Britain before the building of Hadrian 's Wall .
Exacavations there in 1973 uncovered writing tablets which had been preserved in waterlogged conditions in rubbish deposits in and around the commanding officer 's residence .
These , and hundreds of other fragments which have come to light in subsequent excavations , are the oldest surviving handwritten documents in Britain .
They give remarkable insight into the working and private lives of the Roman garrison .
THE SUTTON HOO SHIP BURIAL :
In 1938 , archaeologist Basil Brown was asked to investigate 18 low mounds by a local land owner , Edith Pretty , near Ipswich .
Buried deep beneath lay the ghost of a 30 m - long oak ship .
At its centre was a ruined burial chamber the size of a small room .
In it lay weapons , armour , gold coins , gold and garnet fittings , silver vessels and silver - mounted drinking horns and cups , and clothes , piled in heaps , ranging from fine linen overshirts to shaggy woollen cloaks and caps trimmed with fur .
THE LEWIS CHESSMEN :
The chess pieces unearthed near Stornoway consist of elaborately worked walrus ivory and whales ' teeth in the forms of seated kings and queens , mitred bishops , knights on their mounts , standing warders and pawns in the shape of obelisks .
They were found in the vicinity of Uig on the Isle of Lewis in mysterious circumstances .
A map of Anglo - Saxon England .
The find was made in what would then have been known as Mercia
In a case in Tennessee , DNA evidence from a rape and murder for which a man was executed in 2006 , but for which doubts about his guilt exist , sits untested because Mr. Scheck and others have not been able to recruit a local newspaper or media organization to become a plaintiff .
Since 1992 , 238 people in the United States , some who were sitting on death row , have been exonerated of crimes through DNA testing .
But proving with scientific certitude that an innocent person has been executed is difficult .
Image Sedley Alley , convicted of murder , was executed in 2006 .
“ The problem that we ’ve had in these capital cases is that evidence has been destroyed , ” said Mr. Scheck .
This approach  enlisting a newspaper as a plaintiff to petition courts to preserve and test DNA evidence  has been tried before in some states , including Virginia , where testing confirmed a defendant ’s guilt , and Georgia , where the results were inconclusive .
Still , Mr. Scheck said of the Jones case : “ We were in the legal netherworlds of law .
We ’re doing it on the grounds of the First Amendment and the public ’s right to know . ”
Some news organizations are reluctant to join the effort out of fear of blurring the line between advocate and objective collector of the news .
“ My feeling always was we should do it on our own , ” said Maurice Possley , a Pulitzer Prize - winning reporter who wrote many death penalty and wrongful convictions stories while a reporter for The Chicago Tribune .
Mr. Possley , who left The Tribune last year , had discussions with Mr. Scheck about the paper becoming involved as a plaintiff in the Jones case .
“ I think the more you link up , people will think you have a bias or an agenda , ” Mr. Possley said .
October 12 , 2009
Dear Friend of Liberty ,
I am disappointed that the Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded to Barack Obama .
That prize should go to individuals who end wars and make peace , not those who make war .
President Obama has utterly failed to end the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
He has increased American military involvement in Afghanistan , and appears ready to escalate that war even further .
Instead of a Peace Prize , the president should have received a Fleece Prize — for fleecing current and future American taxpayers to further his bigger - than - big - government domestic and military agenda .
You might have seen news accounts from the weekend showing Republican Senator John McCain and Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein both supporting an increase in troop levels in Afghanistan .
Perhaps President Obama would earn a peace prize if he were to change course , go against most Republican and Democratic party leaders , and support a Libertarian non-interventionist foreign policy instead .
The following is from the Libertarian Party ’s Platform , Plank 3.1 , National Defense : " We support the maintenance of a sufficient military to defend the United States against aggression .
The United States should both abandon its attempts to act as policeman for the world and avoid entangling alliances . "
I realize that some Libertarians disagree on what course the U.S. military should take in Afghanistan .
I hope you ’ll go to our website and take our new poll , which asks , " Which statement best reflects your views on U.S. troop levels in Afghanistan ? "
Sincerely ,
Wes Benedict
Executive Director
Libertarian National Committee
P.S. If you have not yet become a member of the Libertarian Party and wish to do so , please click here and join the only political party dedicated to free markets and civil liberties .
If you need to renew , please click here .
If you would like to make a contribution separate from membership , please click here .
Coal 's biggest lobbying group is launching a $ 1 million campaign to win support from Senate Democrats , an effort that employs the same public relations firm ensnared by a scandal over forged letters to Congress .
American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity ( ACCCE ) , an alliance of coal and utility companies , hired Alexandria , Va. - based Hawthorn Group for the new effort .
Hawthorn worked for the coal group earlier this year , coordinating outreach on the House climate bill .
During that project , Hawthorn subcontractor Bonner & Associates sent at least three members of Congress a total of 12 fraudulent letters purporting to be from groups opposed to the legislation .
" While the issue involving these falsified letters is a very serious matter , an outrageous matter , it still remains to be an isolated incident , " said Joe Lucas , an ACCCE spokesman .
" We 're not going to throw the baby out with the bath water here . "
The scandal continued to widen yesterday even as ACCCE sought to push the goal of its new campaign .
Rep. Ed Markey ( D - Mass. ) , an architect of the House bill , sent the coal lobbying group a letter asking it to explain its connection to Hawthorn and Bonner & Associates ( E&ENews PM , Oct. 5 , 2009 ) .
The scandal broke after ACCCE hired Hawthorn for the newest campaign , Lucas said .
But the coal alliance has worked with the firm for 10 years with good results , he said , and would have stayed with Hawthorn regardless .
Hawthorn in a statement said " we maintain the highest ethical and quality control standards for our work . "
Both the firm and ACCCE have said Bonner failed to abide by its protocol of vetting letters before sending .
A watchdog group , however , said both the forged letters and the fact that the coal group is using Hawthorn for its new campaign highlight the need for more disclosure about grass - roots efforts .
The new project will use 225,000 volunteers dubbed " America 's Power Army . "
They will visit town hall meetings , fairs and other functions attended by members of Congress and ask questions about energy policy .
But much about the identity of the volunteers and how they operate is hidden from public view , said Tyson Slocum , director of the energy program at Public Citizen , a watchdog group .
" These public policy debates are too important to have the outcomes hinge on these fake AstroTurf campaigns " that employ " guerilla tactics , " Slocum said .
" We 're all just left guessing what entities are doing and how lawmakers are influenced by what may be a very corporate - run campaign . "
Lawmakers , as well , Slocum said , need to know whether concerns they are hearing in their districts and states are organic " or whether it 's being orchestrated by hired guns working for the coal industry . "
The forged letters from a Bonner & Associates employee were discovered because the person writing the letters used the names of actual organizations and a lawmaker made inquiries , said Craig Holman , government - affairs lobbyist for Public Citizen .
Otherwise , he said , they might have gone undetected .
It is impossible to know , Holman said , whether any of the citizen volunteers are compensated or what their connection is to corporate interests .
Under congressional rules , lobbying efforts must be disclosed only when a person is paid more than $ 5,000 in a three - month period and 20 percent or more of his or her work time is dedicated to contacting Congress .
Environmental groups use the same kind of citizen campaigns , Lucas said .
ACCCE already has " very tough standards in place " for such efforts , he said , but is looking now at adding additional safeguards .
" We 're simply facilitating and raising public awareness of a public policy issue we think is important for citizens to know about , " Lucas said of the campaign .
" We 're very proud of our grass - roots citizen - army program . "
In addition to the " citizen army , " the coal group is considering billboards and other advertisements for August that would highlight support for inexpensive electricity from coal and for the development of carbon capture technology for coal - burning power plants .
No final decision has been made on that .
' Purest form of grass roots '
Coal received many provisions it sought in the House bill but is pressing for more in the Senate .
Coal interests want a provision in climate legislation that would limit how much businesses must pay for carbon dioxide emissions under a cap - and - trade program .
Coal also wants financial support for research into ways to capture carbon emissions and sequester them underground .
And the industry wants to slow down the pace of the cap , which in the House bill tightens over time .
In the new campaign pushing senators on those issues , Hawthorn will develop strategy and manage the budget , Lucas said .
" They 're responsible for all those things that make the program go , " Lucas added .
Hawthorn will supervise subcontractor Lincoln Strategies , which will manage the field staff .
The program will employ 39 people in key states , described by Lucas as those with low - cost electricity and senators interested in " a climate policy that reduces emissions and access to affordable electricity . "
Among those states are Michigan , Ohio and Virginia .
The coal group sees its fuel as a key to inexpensive , domestically available electricity .
Volunteers in the program include company employees and people who live in communities where coal is mined and heavily used , ACCCE spokeswoman Lisa Miller said .
There are also people who have expressed interest in helping the group or its predecessor , Americans for Balanced Energy Choices .
Paid staff will both call people already on the group 's list and talk to other people at public events , asking them if they want information or T - shirts or would be interested in asking a question at a town hall meeting .
" This is the purest form of grassroots , " Lucas said .
" It 's facilitating constituents to talk one - on - one with members of Congress . "
' Heavy economic interests '
The problem with such approaches , said Slocum with Public Citizen , is that they allow corporate interests to drown out what might be the broader public interest .
The citizen campaigns are well - funded , he said , and consumer advocates cannot compete .
" This is another in a long line of attempts by the coal industry to influence legislative outcomes , " Slocum said .
" The coal industry has a lot of money at stake in keeping Americans addicted to centralized power systems . "
Corporate interests increasingly find citizen volunteers , have them attend town hall meetings and ask scripted questions , said Dave Hirsch , program and operations director at Friends of the Earth .
" This just sort of strikes me as one of the many campaigns that are going on like this , " Hirsch said .
" Each time , there are heavy economic interests that are behind the effort . "
ACCCE , Lucas said , represents the business interests of companies tied to coal .
But keeping coal as part of the country 's energy mix also means low - cost electricity , with economic security and national security implications .
Climate legislation , Lucas said , should be about lowering carbon dioxide emissions .
" There are people who will not be satisfied with a climate bill unless that bill fundamentally changes the energy mix in our country , " Lucas said .
" That 's not what this bill is intended to do . "
ACCCE used Hawthorn and Lincoln Strategies for a project prior to the presidential election last year that was aimed at raising the issue of " clean coal " technology .
During that effort , Lincoln workers staffed rallies for presidential candidates , debates and both Republican and Democratic conventions .
They reached out to citizens at those events .
It was during a primary rally that a question about coal elicited a response from then - Sen .
Barack Obama of Illinois , giving support for research into " clean coal technology . "
ACCCE repackaged part of Obama 's statement into a television ad this year .
" Based upon [ Hawthorn and Lincoln Strategies ' ] track record on that project , we are very comfortable with them on this project , " Lucas said .
" They did an exceptional job of raising the visibility of the issue during that campaign . "
Copyright 2009 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
This week the Senate Judiciary Committee voted in favor to advance Judge Sonia Sotomayor ’s nomination to a full vote before the Senate .
However , all Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee , with the exception of Sen. Lindsey Graham , voted against her nomination .
Notably , Senator “ Cronyn ” ( correctly spelled Cornyn ) of Texas , who represents a large Latino population ( more than one third of the Lone - star state ) voted against Judge Sotomayor , but he was recently re-elected and was likely calculating that this vote against her will not impact his own future .
I was able to catch this clip on NPR with two experts discussing the impact that opposing Sotomayor could have in the Latino political sphere in the future .
My take is that Republican Senators who have chosen to oppose Sotomayor are making a bold calculation that could backlash .
Given the current political climate , President Obama has taken a more centrist approach to governing than many expected , and Sotomayor ’s judicial record has not indicated that her rulings fall outside of the mainstream .
Throughout the hearings , Judge displayed an even temperament , defying the notion that she is an “ angry Latina . ”
She has acquired the support of rank and file law enforcement , district attorneys , and even Republican Senators Mel Martinez , Richard Lugar , and Olympia Snowe ( the voice of reason wing of the GOP ) .
Considering that there are other bones to pick with the Obama administration and more progressive Democrats about health care , gun control , taxes , and possibly immigration , the GOP Senators ’ choice to put up a fight regarding Judge Sotomayor is silly and rather shortsighted .
Back in March , Seneca blogged about Latinos and the GOP , suggesting that “ the GOP has an enormous challenge in how to attract Latinos into its big tent . ”
Is opposing a mild and moderate Sotomayor a good way to make us feel like there is room for us in that tent ?
I do n’t think so .
But for the actions of these GOP Senators to backfire in the future , our community is going to have to remain engaged and not forget about how Sotomayor was treated from the “ splainin ” comment to the continued mispronunciation of her name .
Finally , I wanted to share this great segment from NPR ’s Maria Hinojosa regarding Sotomayor ’s name .
Note Mark Krikorian ‘s statement about the correct pronunciation of the Judge ’s name .
When will some people accept the longstanding Latino heritage in the US and give us the respect of saying our names correctly ?
For most of the last two decades , a clear majority of Americans has supported the right to abortion .
A new poll , though , suggests that support for abortion may have declined , with the public almost evenly divided over the issue .
The apparent shift , which contradicts some other recent polls , appears in a poll by the Pew Research Center released on Thursday .
A 2008 poll by Pew researchers had found that those in favor of keeping abortion legal outnumbered opponents , 54 percent to 40 percent .
In the new Pew poll , the gap has narrowed : 47 percent of those surveyed said abortion should be legal in all or most cases , and 45 percent said it should be illegal in all or most cases  a difference within the poll ’s margin of sampling error .
The new survey did not find the reasons for the shift in opinion .
But Pew researchers pointed out that the shift has occurred since the election of President Obama , a Democrat who supports abortion rights but has often spoken about the need to reduce the number of abortions .
New York Times / CBS
News polls , as well as others , found no such shift after Bill Clinton  also a Democrat who supports abortion rights  took office .
Pew has no comparable data on the issue dating back that far .
Polls conducted by some other organizations within the last few months have found opinion on abortion to be more stable .
In an ABC News / Washington Post poll in June , for example , 55 percent of respondents said abortion should be legal in all or most cases , while 43 percent said it should be illegal in all or most cases  close to the average in their polls since 1995 .
Due in stores next week , the international version of the Kindle will open Amazon 's e-book store to overseas customers .
But it comes at a cost :
For anyone using a Kindle outside the United States , the device will be severely hobbled .
Amazon is closing off a wireless feature that allows access to the reader 's web browser .
The newest Kindle wo n’t allow anyone outside the United States to surf the web or read blogs using the reader 's experimental web browser .
That takes away one of the device 's major selling points — always - on , free and ubiquitous internet access :
Blogs and the experimental web browser are currently not available for your country .
Is it because of coverage ?
Nope .
Take a look at the 3G coverage map and you ’ll see that 3G is almost ubiquitous in Europe , and even the huge region of the former USSR is blanketed with EDGE .
We suspect that it has more to do with the cost to Amazon .
Hidden in the features section of the product page is this line : “ Amazon pays for Kindle ’s wireless connectivity so you wo n’t see a monthly wireless bill . ”
We suspect that AT&T is passing on some hefty roaming charges to Amazon , even for those people who will be living and using their Kindles in the same country they buy them in .
It ’s possible that Amazon will , once the Kindle is actually on sale internationally , start to negotiate with local cell providers , but that ’s just a ( wishful ) guess .
Also , the “ international ” tag starts to look even less convincing when you look at shipping .
All Kindles are being shipped from the United States — with a U.S. power - plug , requiring an adapter to charge it with overseas outlets — rather than from local depots across the world .
This brings two problems .
First , shipping costs .
I ordered the $ 280 international version and , after adding shipping to Spain and piling on the import taxes ( an estimate that could actually get bigger ) , the price is $ 350 .
And yes , we ’re aware that these charges apply to all overseas orders , but then again , the usual things us Europeans buy from the U.S. are not being pitched to us as international devices tailored to our own countries .
In the end , I do n’t care about the prices so much as the crippled internet service .
We have awesome 3G coverage over most of Europe .
When will there be a way to use it without getting ripped off ?
But hey , I ’m among the lucky ones .
Some countries — Monaco , for example — wo n’t have any wireless access at all . [ ] ( http://amazon.com/dp/B0015T963C
" Amazon.com : Kindle Wireless Reading Device ( 6 " Display , U.S. & International Wireless , Latest Generation ) : Kindle Store " )
[ Product page ] ( http://amazon.com/dp/B0015T963C
" Amazon.com : Kindle Wireless Reading Device ( 6 " Display , U.S. & International Wireless , Latest Generation ) : Kindle Store " ) [ Amazon ]
____
See Also :
Lust and Lies : Confessions of a Recovering Catho-holic
by Jacques S. Fleury
Sunday , June 3 , 2007
Rated " PG13 " by the Author .
Share Print Save Follow
Recent stories by Jacques S. Fleury
· Under the Cover of Night
· 3 . a.m. at the Cafe
· A Candle for Lina
>> View all 4
A story about my experiences in the Catholic Church , overcoming their hypocrisy to find God in the midst of their debris .
Lust and Lies : Confessions of a Recovering Catho-holic
By Jacques Fleury : The Haitian firefly
“ Forgive me Father for I have sinned .
It ’s been one hour since my last confession . ”
The preceding statement was my mantra for the thirteen years I spent enduring the fear , shame , guilt , secrecy , brutality and hypocrisy in “ Frere Andre ” ( Brother Andre ) an exclusive Catholic school in Haiti , where they used to beat God into us to “ save ” us from our “ sinful ” selves !
Actually it ’s quite an interesting story .
My father was afraid for me , for my soul .
He knew that as young boys reached puberty , they tended to have …( and I say this with a whisper ) a sinful desire to experiment with their –err-- elongating sexualities .
So he enrolled me in a rigid all - boy Catholic school to keep me holy .
Boy was that a mistake !
The inception of my rebellion began ironically in Catholic school .
It was there that I learned the detriment of labels that were attributed to us like “ no good ” , “ devil ’s spawn ” and “ sinners . ”
The Brothers and Priests never bothered to tell us that they were sinners too .
I believe that it would have made things easier for us , to know that we were not alone .
I eventually succumbed to this un -holy maelstrom of fear , guilt and shame , particularly in relation to sex .
We were perpetually told that we would be stricken with the wrath of God for sins we had yet to commit .
We did n’t even know what sin was !
We endured daily castigations for simply being imperfect beings , as if that in it self was a Sin that we had to beg forgiveness for and they , being so holier than thou , did not !
Since we were told that we were no good anyways , we logically fell into a bottomless well of sexual ecstasy through experimentation , even though we knew that God was probably shaking his head and waving his disapproving finger at us .
Some of the “ sins ” we were committing in retrospect were quite amusing .
We used to play a game called “ L’inspecteur Des Pigeons ” ( The Pigeon Inspector . )
In the early morning when our youthful loins were swinging happily in our tight little pants like a disobedient fire horse , we devised this secret ritual to satisfy our tension - induced curiosities .
Basically we were appraising the size of our instrument of “ sin . ”
We decided that the boy with the biggest — err -- “ pigeon ” would be the inspector .
And if another boy out grew him , then he would be the new inspector .
After the inspection , the chosen one , the one with the biggest “ pigeon ” , would then get a private re-inspection in the boys ’ bathroom .
Meanwhile , the rest of us would look through the keyhole watching the chosen one ’s bushy “ pigeon ” gets blown down to oblivion by the “ inspector ” , and gasp when it eventually reached a Shakespearian crescendo then deflating to a creamy ending !
Of course occasionally we would get caught .
The Brother would apprehend the “ sinner ” , have him lie across his throbbing lap and pound his taut boyish butt with his ruler .
In the midst of all this , the boy would screech while the Brother growled , as hot sweat streamed down his face , which bore a reluctant grimace to mask his sick shameful satisfaction amidst all this calamity and malediction .
Sometimes he abandoned the ruler and used his bare hands .
I was called to the board more than once and the Brother lingered on my buttocks just a bit longer than I thought was necessary as he proceeded to spank me .
I saw this happen with the other boys , particularly the younger ones .
I did not understand why I felt uncomfortable after this sacrament perpetrated by those whom were meant to protect us , not get - off on us !
But today , I do .
After all this humiliation , the one thing he could n’t hide was his erection .
I hated being the victim of this hedonistic ritual .
School was not the only place where we explored our burgeoning sexualities .
I lived with my mom and her sisters in a spacious house with plenty of room to sin in .
It was there that I took my sexual experimentation to a deeper level .
My boy cousins and me fooled around with the young maids and each other .
Particularly during black outs !
In Haiti , messing with the maids is considered rites of passage ; in America it would be child abuse .
All the bible - thumping adults who condemned us when they caught us and preached no sex before marriage were banging before their own weddings .
Sex was never talked about .
My own mother told me that when she asked her mother where babies come from , grandma told her that they came from the mouth !
We were constantly told that we were children of the dark ; devil ’s spawn they called us .
I was called a sinner before I even knew what sin was .
The guilt and shame were constantly eroding my soul .
I thought that God could never love a sinner like me .
When the Catholic molestation scandal broke out , it was such a relief to hear that I was not alone .
I was not the only one who was touched inappropriately , like when the Brother fondled my buttocks .
It was liberating to learn that the Priests who infiltrated our budding psyches with negativity by constantly reminding us that we were sinners , which then caused us to feel unworthy of God ’s love , were sinners themselves .
I then found the courage to say to hell with the secrets and lies , to hell with the Catholic spell !
I no longer feel lower then the bottom of a bottomless well !
I really tried to be “ The Best Little Catholic Boy in the World ” , but essentially I fell off the good boy wagon and right into a tumult of sexual exploits , often squirting my guilt with rabbit speed all over the face of Catholic hypocrisy .
Today I know that sex is a healthy thing .
Today , I have chosen to discriminate in most sexual situations and at least attempt to make informed decisions .
Today I exercise more control over my sex , over this mighty tree , rooted in sexual repression that threatens to pop the buttons on my boxers .
More importantly , I have also made my peace with my past in the Catholic Church .
After re-visiting the church scene , I ’ve concluded that God is not in a building ; he / she is in my heart .
I have been brought back to God and have accepted him / her in my life not out of fear , but out of love .
Nowadays , because of theatrical productions like “ The Vagina Monologues ” and more recently “ The Penis Responds ” , sex is being dragged from under the covers of shame and guilt , and erections are exposed for discussion and much more -- just remember , with this new found sexual liberation comes responsibility .
So exercise wisdom and caution when deciding who gets to play with your sanctity .
And to my fellow “ Catho - holics , ” I say slip away from the scourge of fear , shame , guilt and criticism .
Free yourself from your toughest critic — yourself — and let the good times roll !
Want to review or comment on this short story ?
Click here to login !
Need a FREE Reader Membership ?
Click here for your Membership !
Reviewed by Walt Hardester 6/3/2007
I enjoyed this story ......
glad to hear you let go
Ah .. sanctimonious perverts .... the worst kind
Walt
This latest example of ordinary people courting trouble on Twitter is n't the usual cautionary tale about remembering that what 's written on the Internet stays on the Internet .
Nope , it 's more about why people hate landlords .
According to this story in the Chicago Sun -Times :
Horizon Group Management LLC filed a libel lawsuit Monday against former tenant Amanda Bonnen , claiming one of her alleged Twitter posts " maliciously and wrongfully " slammed her apartment at 4242 N. Sheridan and the company managing it .
The May 12 Tweet under the handle " abonnen " reads in part : " Who said sleeping in a moldy apartment was bad for you ?
Horizon realty thinks it 's okay . "
Now I have no way of knowing whether Bonnen 's apartment contained mold , and , if so , whether Horizon considered said mold an amenity akin to central air , as her snarky tweet might imply .
But here are a couple of things I do know for certain .
First , the damage to Horizon 's reputation -- should there actually be any -- will have been all but exclusively a consequence of Horizon having brought this silly lawsuit .
And should Chicago apartment seekers come to believe that Horizon offers moldy apartments with a side order of cold indifference ?
Well , that , too , will be Horizon 's own doing .
How do I know this ?
Well , Bonnen 's Twitter following -- such as it was -- numbered all of 15 people , at least until it disappeared , whereas the readership of the Chicago Sun - Times , even given the current state of the newspaper business , is considerably higher .
The second thing I know is that Horizon appears to be owned by the kind of people who give landlords a bad name .
From that Sun - Times story :
Jeffrey Michael , whose family has run Horizon for more than 25 years , said : " The statements ( in Bonne 's tweet ) are obviously false , and it 's our intention to prove that . "
He said that while she moved out recently , the company never had a conversation about the post and never asked her to take it down .
" We 're a sue - first , ask - questions - later kind of an organization , " he said , noting that the company manages 1,500 apartments in Chicago and has a good reputation it wants to preserve .
Then they ought to stop filing frivolous lawsuits ... and find a less arrogant family spokesman .
NASA has made a series of critical strides toward the development of new nuclear reactors the size of a trash can that could power a human outpost on the moon or Mars .
Three recent tests at different NASA centers and a national lab have successfully demonstrated key technologies required for compact fission - based nuclear power plants for human settlements on other worlds .
NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Ala. , offers a one - of - a - kind test facility which , without using nuclear materials , enables engineers to simulate the nuclear power process of heat transfer from a reactor to a power converter .
" The recent tests bear out that Fission surface power system could be an important source of energy for exploration on the moon and Mars , " said Mike Houts , project manager for nuclear systems at Marshall .
" This power system could provide an abundant source of reliable , cost - effective energy and may be used anywhere on the lunar surface . "
For this particular test series , the Marshall reactor simulator was linked to a Stirling engine , developed by NASA ’s Glenn Research Center in Cleveland .
The Stirling engine , named for 19th - century industrialist and inventor Robert Stirling , converts heat into electricity .
The Marshall reactor simulator included a specialized pump , provided by the U.S. Department of Energy , and a coolant loop filled with a mixture of sodium and potassium .
The coolant loop provided heat to the Stirling engine at conditions very similar to an actual fission - based surface power system .
The joint testing helped resolve potential integration issues and provided information and experience needed to reduce technology risks associated with this system concept .
The testing of the Stirling engine with the Marshall reactor simulator may well be a key factor in demonstrating the readiness of fission surface power technology , and could provide NASA with an efficient and robust system to produce power in the harsh environment on the moon and Mars .
NASA 's current plan for human space exploration is to return astronauts to the moon by 2020 on expeditions that could lead to a permanent outpost for exploring the lunar surface and testing technologies that could aid a manned mission to Mars .
The space agency has been studying the feasibility of using nuclear fission power generators to support future moon bases .
Engineers performed tests in recent weeks as part of a joint effort by NASA and the Department of Energy .
Nuclear fission power plants work by splitting the nuclei of atoms in a sustainable , controllable reaction that releases heat , which can then be funneled through a power converter to transfer that energy into usable electricity .
" A small fission - based nuclear reactor coupled with a Stirling engine could provide up to 40 kilowatts of usable energy , enough to support a moon base or Mars outpost , " said Houts .
That 's about the same amount of power needed to supply eight houses on Earth , NASA officials have said .
The test series was conducted as part of the fission - based surface power project , within NASA 's Exploration Technology Development Program , which is tasked with developing advanced technologies that will enable NASA to conduct future human exploration missions , while reducing mission risk and cost .
The next step for NASA 's fission power project is to combine its radiator , engine and alternator successes into a single non-nuclear power plant demonstration .
That test is slated to begin in 2012 , NASA officials said .
Many gun-loving Americans are convinved that President Obama and the Democratic - controlled Congress are bent on ripping rifles from their " cold , dead hands , " as actor Charlton Heston once declared at a National Rifle Association meeting .
But from the perspective of police departments – not to mention gunmakers – the Obama administration may go down as one of the most gun-friendly in history .
Across America , police departments are using the taxpayer - funded stimulus bill to boost their arsenals with shotguns , handguns , and assault rifles .
Among the general public , a record 1 million guns were sold across the United States in August alone , rebuffing expectations that , after 10 months , the post - Obama election gun-buying spree would abate .
US gunmaker Smith & Wesson on Wednesday reported a 30 percent rise in sales in the first quarter , leading to unexpected profits and a rising stock price .
But as police departments order new firearms using stimulus funds , there 's more than a little irony in the fact that a president whom the gun industry looked upon with suspicion has put forward a federal program from which gunmakers are benefiting .
" Gun culture magazines in the '90s named [ President ] Clinton ' gun salesman of the year , ' but I think Obama , without even trying , has become gun salesman of the century , " says Brian Anse Patrick , a gun culture expert at the University of Toledo , and author of the forthcoming book " Rise of the Anti-Media . "
" One of the largest concerns has been that consumer firearms demand might slow dramatically from Obama - led frenzy levels , " Eric Wold , a Merriman Curhan Ford analyst , told the Associated Press this week .
" However , not only did consumer sales increase 29 percent , but law - enforcement and international sales jumped 32 percent and 12 percent , respectively . "
Take the city of Jeffersonville , Ind .
Police there are spending $ 63,000 of their stimulus bill money to buy 74 new assault rifles for their police cruisers .
The Barre , Vt. , police department used stimulus money to buy six new handguns , 21 Taser guns , and five new shotguns , including one nonlethal version that shoots bean bags .
As part of its request for stimulus funds , Arlington , Texas , included $ 56,000 for military - grade carbines .
And in a neat twist , Smyrna , Ga. - based gunmaker Glock recently received $ 960 in stimulus funds to equip three federal Recovery Act antifraud officers in Washington with new sidearms .
They might come in handy , as Washington is increasingly worried about scams and fraud involving stimulus bill dispersals .
Of course , the biggest chunk of the $ 4 billion in stimulus money intended for law enforcement is to hold onto officers and hire an estimated 5,600 new officers across the US .
Most extra funds are being used not for guns but for other equipment – including cruisers and computers .
But Andy Molchan , director of the Professional Gun Retailers Association in Fort Lauderdale , Fla. , says part of the growing profit statements from gunmakers such as Ruger , Smith & Wesson , and Sig come courtesy of the American taxpayer by way of some of America 's 14,000 police jurisdictions .
" If there 's money there , an agency is going to try to spend it , " says Mr. Molchan .
" They like to upgrade when they can . "
But the interests of the gun industry are n't always the same as those of civil libertarians , many of whom are gun owners , says Mr. Patrick .
The issue of police militarization is of particular concern , he says .
" There 's been a sort of creeping sociological phenomenon out there , where people are wondering , ' How many guns do the police need ? ' "
The fact that the stimulus package is helping to prop up gunmakers is proof to some even within the gun industry that fears about major gun-control legislation in the US are , at least for now , unfounded .
" The gun industry is always worried , but it 's basically kind of a collection of worry warts as far as firearms legislation goes , " says Mr. Molchar .
" I think the Democrats have realized that for a long time they were the victims of their own [ antigun ] propaganda . "
----
Follow us on Twitter .
Have you ever wondered what consists of your taxable wages ?
If you belong to this category , know that you are not alone .
Your taxable wage is the money you earn that should have income tax withheld .
This is the direct opposite of non-taxable wages .
This includes expenses reimbursement which has nothing to do with income tax withholding .
Hence , what are FIT Taxable Wages ?
We will attempt to answer that and a few other questions in this piece .
What is fit taxable wages ?
Fit stands for Federal Income Tax Withheld .
It gets removed from your pay added to the Social Security Tax on Medicare Tax , Social Security Tax on Wages .
Your net income gets calculated by removing all the deductions .
The taxable wages for federal tax for withholding purposes is gotten by taking the gross pay and removing any exclusion that may exist for that employee .
This depending on the exclusions for the employee based on Internal Revenue Service Publication 15B .
These exclusions are sometimes referred to as pre-tax payroll deductions .
Some of the exemptions from the gross pay include the dental insurance premium , medical insurance premium , retirement plan contribution , and qualifying transportation .
When you get the taxable wages , you calculate the Federal withholding tax based on Internal Revenue Service Publication 15 .
You also need to find out the marital status of the employee .
And the number of withholding allowances such a person has claimed .
This is all based on the W - 4 of the employee .
The Idea Of Federal Income Tax Withholding On Wages
The money which the employer will withhold from the paycheck of an employee will always be subject to the amount of gross income that made as wages in the year .
This is minus all pre-tax deductions paid from the wages before the calculation of all taxes .
Employees use Withholding allowance to calculate the total of federal income tax .
This is the one that should be withheld from the paycheck .
Social Security Tax
The Social Security tax is one that comes with a pre-defined flat rate of 6.2 % .
It gets removed from wages after all subtracting all pre-tax deductions .
This is the ones that are up to the Social Security Wage base limit which is $ 118,500 .
The reason for this is that the Social Security tax is from using a flat rate along with a peak .
Also , the Social security tax amount that is withheld is always the same as the Social Security tax upon which a person is liable .
It should , but , note that there are a few exceptions to this .
1. Underpaid Social Security Tax
There are three ways via which the Social Security Tax can be underpaid .
Several employees that do not report the tips they receive to their employers and do not have any tax withheld .
In such an instance , the Form 4137 gets used in calculating the total amount of the medicare tax and Social Security tax .
We do this on the unreported tips while the extra tax amount gets reported on the annual tax return .
Another way to look at this is that some workers may be being independent contractors by their employers .
In such an instance , the earnings will not have tax withheld .
Also , in such a case , there will be a need to use the form 8919 to calculate the medicare tax and social security tax that is on the earnings .
The extra tax amount is then calculated on the annual tax return .
2. Overpaid Social Security Tax
For employees who work for at least two employers , they may get to know that they may have overpaid the social security tax .
This is if the total amount earned from all sources is more than the yearly social security base .
In such an instance , the amount overpaid will only get refunded in a situation where the taxpayer applies for a return .
It is then he claims the overpaid social security withholding in the form of credit .
Medicare Withholding On Wages
The Medicare tax is usually withheld at a rate of about 1.45 % of the gross earnings .
This is after removing all pre-tax deductions that are not part of the Medicare taxes .
Because Medicare tax is usually not assessed using a flat rate , the total amount of Medicare tax that is withheld is always the same as the tax amount that the person is liable .
Since the beginning of 2013 , a new 0.9 % Medicare surtax for higher - income earners came up .
There is a possibility that several taxpayers will not have the added Medicare tax removed from their pay .
What Do I Need To Know About Gross Income And Taxable Income ?
Gross income has to do with all the income you get that is not exempted from the tax under the Internal Revenue Code .
Taxable income is the part of the gross income which is subject to taxation .
The deductions are usually deducted from the gross income to get the total amount of the taxable earnings .
What Is The Gross Income ?
Your Gross income is the point from which the IRS determines the tax liability of a person .
It is your total earnings from all sources before the deductions get done .
This is usually made up of both incomes earned from salary , wages , tips , and self - employment added to an unearned income which includes interest on investments as well as dividends .
One thing about Gross income is that it can include anything that is not designated as tax - exempt by the IRS .
It also includes compensatory damages for injury , child support payments , and worker ’s compensation .
Added to this is the Supplemental Security Income .
These sources are usually not added to your gross income because your gross income is not tax - deductible .
Also , certain withdrawals made from retirement accounts which include disability insurance income and required distributions are all added to the gross income .
You must take note that Gross business income is not the same as gross revenue in the case of business owners .
It is instead the total revenue gotten from the business subtracted allowable business expenses .
So , the Gross income for business owners is the net business income .
Taxable Income
This refers to the adjusted gross income minus any deductions which you should claim or the standard deductions .
The adjusted gross income is a consequence of making some adjustments to income .
Those adjustments include student loan interest , contributions to an individual retirement account .
This is added to contributions made to your health savings account .
Taxpayers are usually permitted to either itemize their deductions paid over the year or take the standard deduction .
But you cannot take the standard deductions and itemize deductions at the same time .
By claiming the standard deductions , an individual may have his taxable income reduced more than itemizing .
This is owing to tax cuts and Jobs Act which increased the deductions by two times from what was obtainable back in 2018 .
Tax - payers will need a very large amount of charitable giving , medical costs .
Added to other itemized deductions if he or she is exceeding the standard deduction amounts .
What Are The Types Of Tax Withholding In America
There are three major types of withholding tax in the United States of America .
These include the withholding tax on payments made to foreign persons .
The second is the Wage withholding taxes and the final one is the backup withholding on interests and dividends .
The Tax amount withheld is usually composed of social security , income tax , medicare , and social security .
There are some amount of wages that are not subject to tax withholding .
Wage withholding is often subject to wages paid .
The Social Security tax withholding ends when payments made from an employee is more than the peak wage base for the year .
The total amounts which are withheld by payers should get remitted back to the government as at when due .
But the amounts which are subject to taxes and withholdings are usually reported to the government and payees each year .
What Is The Origin Of Tax Withholding In America
The payroll withholding and tax payments got introduced by Congress during World Was 2 .
This was the Current Tax Payment Act of 1943 .
This process assisted in easing the tax collection process for both the Bureau of Internal Revenue and Taxpayer .
It also reduced the awareness of the taxpayer as regards the total amount which is being collected .
It suffices to say that it harmed the transparency of the process .
This thus made it quite easy to increase taxes later on .
Take Home
A good understanding of the tax system in America is one easy way to stay away from the trouble of the IRS .
But apart from that , it is imperative to note that there are some fringe benefits that the rules provide for those who are smart enough to recognize it .
With the clear explanations on the terms relating to taxation discussed here , you should be able to get a better deal .
You May Like This Article As Well :
How Old Is Capitalism ?
Debatte Piratenpartei : Digitaler Klassenkampf
Die Partei der Netzaktivisten thematisiert soziale Gerechtigkeit .
Um ernster genommen zu werden , muss sie dringend ihr nerdiges Image loswerden .
Ein wenig infantil und unseriös scheint sie ja zu sein .
Aktionen wie die neulich am Berliner Alexanderplatz , wo man rollenspielerisch gegen das Verbot von Killerspielen demonstrierte und das gute alte Schachspiel als blutrünstiges Spektakel zu inszenieren suchte , lassen die Nerds von der Piratenpartei wie groß gewordene Kinder erscheinen .
Kein Wunder , dass diese Aktion , mit der die Partei der Netzaktivisten ein Zeichen setzen wollte , seitens der etablierten Politik nicht einmal belächelt wurde .
Die Piratenpartei kommt aus Schweden und hat wie vieles , was aus Schweden kommt , von Abba über Nina Persson bis zu Ikea , immer auch etwas Niedliches .
Und Niedliches kann man nicht ernst nehmen .
Gegründet hat sich die Piratenpartei mehr oder weniger aus juristischen Gründen .
Unter dubiosen Umständen wurden die Betreiber der Suchmaschine Pirate Bay im April dieses Jahres von einem schwedischen Gericht wegen Urheberrechtsverletzungen zu Freiheitsstrafen und Schadenersatz von 3,6 Millionen Dollar verurteilt .
Dubios war daran vor allem der Umstand , dass Richter Thomas Norström , ein Lobbyist und Mitglied mehrerer Urheberrechtsorganisationen , das Urteil mitverantwortete .
Eine Neuverhandlung wegen Befangenheit lehnte das oberste schwedische Berufungsgericht ab .
Woraufhin erneut Befangenheitsvorwürfe , diesmal gegen einen der Berufungsrichter , laut wurden .
Verhandelt wird unterdessen weiter : Die Betreiber von Pirate Bay erwägen die Anrufung des Europäischen Gerichtshofs für Menschenrechte .
Wie es nach dem Verkauf von Pirate Bay an ein IT - Unternehmen weitergeht , wird sich erst herausstellen .
In Schweden löste das erste Urteil gegen Pirate Bay eine dermaßen große Empörung aus , dass sich tatsächlich eine rechtschaffene Partei gründete .
Bei der Europawahl erzielte sie auf Anhieb mehr als 7 Prozent der Stimmen und damit einen Sitz im Brüsseler Parlament .
Zur Bundestagswahl wird die Partei ebenfalls antreten .
Schafft sie es , ihr Image nicht abzulegen , sondern um Nuancen zu erweitern , die über das Infantile und Nerdige ihrer vorwiegend männlichen Mitglieder hinausgehen , wird die Piratenpartei nicht nur bei der nächsten Wahl gut abschneiden .
Denn ihre Themen sind die Themen der Zukunft .
Die Metapher vom Urheberrecht als dem Öl des 21 .
Jahrhunderts ist inzwischen abgegriffen , falsch ist sie aber nicht .
Um Wissen , Information , um Beherrschung des Diskurses dreht sich nicht erst seit dem 11 .
September die politische Welt .
Das Urheberrecht sorgt dafür , dass die eigentlichen Ideengeber geschützt und für ihre Ideen belohnt werden .
Sänger nimmt Platte auf , Radio spielt Platte ab , Käufer besorgt sich Platte , physisch oder nicht ; natürlich soll Sänger für sein Werk irgendwie entlohnt werden .
Andererseits funktioniert das Urheberrecht tatsächlich weitgehend anders , denn den eigentlichen Urhebern wird ihr Recht in der Regel schnell abgekauft : von den Verwertern .
Von Verlagen , Plattenfirmen , Filmverleihen zum Beispiel .
In der Folge schützt das Urheberrecht nicht mehr den Urheber , sondern die Verwerter .
Recht als Ware .
Die Piratenpartei indes vertritt den Konsumenten , der bislang eben nur als solcher wahrgenommen wurde : als Käufer , als Geldausgeber .
Woher das Geld kommt , das der Konsument ausgibt , ob es überhaupt da ist und ob es gleichmäßig verteilt ist , das hat die Kulturverwertungsindustrie bisher herzlich wenig geschert .
Genauso wenig wie die Frage , ob sozialisierte Kultur eine wünschenswerte Utopie für die Menschheit wäre .
Der Zugang zu Wissen und Kultur lief , wie überall im Kapitalismus , über Geld .
Wer keins hatte , hatte Pech .
Wer die wichtigsten Platten der letzten Jahre nicht kaufen konnte , konnte auch nicht mitreden und somit auch kein kulturelles Kapital in echtes umsetzen .
Die Klassen reproduzierten sich .
Die digitale Revolution machte genau da eine Lücke , eine Falte auf : Musik wurde von Tonträgern befreit und unendlich tauschbar bei ungefähr gleich bleibender Soundqualität , und so Filme , und so Bilder , und so Texte .
Plötzlich konnten sich der Hartz - IV - Empfänger , der Sechstklässler , der Rentner nach Wunsch das Gesamtwerk von Cole Porter , Eminem oder Heino anhören , ohne dafür zahlen zu müssen .
Eine Frage von Legalität war das im Einzelfall nicht , sondern eine von technischen Möglichkeiten .
Die Kulturverwertungsindustrie , erschüttert und alarmiert , versuchte sich auf dem Feld der Jurisprudenz gegen die Folgen der Digitalisierung ( die sie nicht zuletzt selbst mitverantwortete ) zu wehren .
Und nun wehrt sich der Konsument gegen die Reaktion .
Daher gibt es die Piratenpartei .
Urheberrecht , Datenschutz oder das Erbrecht sind Anliegen , die in einer offenen , freien , demokratischen Gesellschaft immer wieder neu verhandelt werden müssen , falls soziale Gerechtigkeit wirklich ein Ziel sein soll .
Verhandelt werden sollten die Fragen aber nicht nur vor Gericht , sondern auch in der außergerichtlichen Öffentlichkeit und nicht zuletzt auch in der Politik , konkreter , in den Parlamenten .
Die Piratenpartei vereint zum ersten Mal Tauschbörsianer , Netzaktivisten und Otto Normaluser und mit ihnen die neue , sozusagen digitale Klasse , die auf die etablierten Parteien Druck ausüben kann , der mal nicht aus den Reihen der Verwerter und Lobbyisten kommt .
Das ist ihre Chance , daran wird sie zu messen sein , und nicht an den Aktionen wie der auf dem Berliner Alexanderplatz .
Ein letzter Einwand , ein letzter Einwurf an dieser Stelle .
Natürlich kommt es auch darauf an , wie Realität vermessen wird .
Solange man
Geld nicht selbst drucken darf , solange kein 3D - Drucker eine Wohnung , eine Beziehung , ein Medikament , ein Möbelstück , ein Lebensmittel ausdrucken kann , wird es immer noch darauf ankommen , sich politisch zur materiellen
Welt zu positionieren .
Zu der Restwelt , die nicht digitalisierbar ist .
Die Piratenpartei mag sich als die einzige demokratische Organisation sehen , die verstanden hat , wie das Internet funktioniert .
In diesem Punkt sollte sie allen anderen Parteien Vorbild sein .
Sie sollte aber auch sehen und erkennen , dass es eine Welt außerhalb des Netzes gibt .
Und immer geben wird .
RENÉ HAMANN spielte als Kind auf großen Spielplätzen gern Piratenschiff , inklusive Entern , Kentern und Einkerkern .
Heute lebt er als seriöser taz - Autor und Schriftsteller in Berlin .
Im Buchhandel erhältlich u. a. : " Das Alphabet der Stadt " ( Verbrecher Verlag 2008 ) .
Laypeople frequently asked me we people can tackle large engineering or building jobs and we struggle to provide software jobs and in time .
Under 7 reasons I give in an effort on why software development is tough .
This is n’t an effort to condone software development clinics that are shoddy .
I ’m attempting to demonstrate that even with development procedures that are exceptional it is hard to perform software development .
1 . The software industry is youthful
Individuals are building streets , homes , and bridges for centuries .
We have no clue how many homes or bridges dropped from the morning for constructing these structures as people learned the methods .
One has just to take a look to recognize that , tens of thousands of years following the bridges were constructed , they had n’t perfected bridge construction .
In contrast , the software sector is just about 50 years of age .
We have a long way in which the manufacturing and building businesses have .
The building industry uses components and materials Nowadays .
The majority of them are tried and tested and are created by machines a number of different jobs .
The software business , on the other hand , does not possess the selection of components that other sectors have .
Means of a process of discovery , innovation , and production of new parts basically build software systems that every system is a personalized made project .
This leads us .
2 . Each line of code would be a Possible point of collapse
It follows that each line of code is unproven and ought to be analyzed Considering that all jobs are all habit .
In the actual universe , this is impractical .
Every line of code may probably have heaps of inputs , outputs , countries or dependencies to take care of .
It may affect , or be affected by areas of signal or from aspects that are outside .
That you could not be confident that there was not some unknown aspect , though it had been possible to record every test situation .
And testing one line of code is part of this challenge .
No line of code is present by itself .
It ’s a component of the system and also the entire has to be analyzed to make certain all areas of the application operate .
The complexity of applications means that it is not possible to examine every course in order the world procedures which are made to raise the probability of the applications being defect - free will be implemented by the project teams .
They ’ll use techniques like coding standards , unit testing , smoke testing , automatic regression testing , code , and design reviews , etc. most of which need to enhance the standard of the computer program .
All this testing comes at a price .
The issue is how crucial is how this program and testing if we do to guarantee the program is accurate ?
The testing period is hurried and the program goes out using an unacceptable degree of flaws .
For many methods , on the flip side , there are decreasing returns for stretching the testing .
There is a stage with all applications at which of finding the software , the value is higher than the value obtained by continuing to check for flaws .
That is the reason software gets published although it ’s proven to contain flaws .
3. Deficiency of consumer input
For more than 10 years The Standish Group , that the study firm , has researched employers about their IT jobs .
The No. 1 factor that resulted in software jobs to become contested was ” Lack of User Input ” .
Reasons for this may include :
The machine has been marketed by the direction and hence the company users Do n’t Have Any buy
The consumers are too active and have ” more important ” things related to
the connection involving the user community and also the I.T. staff are inferior
Without input and the participation of an individual agent , the job is doomed to collapse .
This individual should be a topic domain professional with the ability to make also a dedication along with decisions .
Assuming there ’s user input that is fantastic the question of translating needs starts .
And that is not a simple job as our point reveals .
4 . Users do not know what they need until they find it
Even with input from the consumers , no quantity of investigation of user needs can take an immutable actuality that consumers feel they are aware of what they need .
In fact , it is not until they begin utilizing it and seeing something , they start to know what they require .
This is particularly true once the program has been designed to get a procedure or a new concept they have n’t implemented .
Various studies have proven that the ordinary job encounters about a 25 percent shift in demands from the ” demands complete ” period into the very first launch .
That is the famous ” scope creep ” difficulty that besets most endeavors .
Once the layouts start to look which results in the customers to think more profoundly about what they want , it begins .
The challenge will be would you a ) dismiss new demands and continue construction in line with the layout records and hazard providing a system which does not do exactly what the consumers want or b ) carry on modifications as they arise together with the outcome the job expands and prices rise ?
There ’s not an easy reply to this problem that various methods , for example , Agile growth , have evolved to make it more easy to accommodate changing needs .
Even tiny changes could have a significant effect on a job .
Each explicit demand may result in many more proposed requirements ( with a factor of around 50 ) further afield the computer program .
Shifting requirements are among the challenges .
It could be done but do think that it ’s simple .
And do n’t think unless there ’s an elimination of prerequisites without impacting the funding or the deadline , demands could be accommodated .
5 . There are no barriers to entry to become a developer
There ’s an argument that says because programming is simple that software development is difficult .
It is simple to understand providing software that is good and to write code but there ’s a difference between that .
An individual could equate it to learning a language that is new .
It ’s true , you get a vocabulary and might pick up the Bible but that is a different ball game to getting a conversation that is eloquent with a few speakers .
Studies have proven that the expansion ratio between levels of the programmer is often as large as 28:1 .
Bearing that in mind that you would just wish to employ the best programmers .
As developers are a commodity , this is n’t simple .
There ’s not any barrier to entry to the programming universe and so it ’s awash .
Additionally , programmers that are even great will make errors that a programmer will have learned to prevent .
It is well worth paying for a top - class programmer that is a veteran .
They ’ll do things faster , and much better and less code .
Your job is going to be delivered faster and may have flaws .
They and they will help you help save you money and money , respectively throughout the life span of this machine in maintenance and service expenses .
6 . All applications are influenced by outside variables
Physical structures follow physical laws e.g. they ’re influenced by gravity , mass , air , etc. .
Through the past few years of studying much is understood about the universe and may be modeled and predicted .
The software has been “ mindware ” and consequently does not comply with physical laws , however , it generally has to conform to external limitations like hardware , and integration with other applications , government regulations , heritage data formats , performance standards , scalability , etc . .
Catering and Recognizing to each one of these variables is an undertaking .
Even a necessity , like supporting browsers , increases the problem of analyzing and construction computer programs .
If you add a necessity to support a number of versions of every browser the problem and the sophistication are again raising .
7. Estimating is still an art , not a science
Given the assumption that all new jobs have been self - explanatory , that there are n’t any pre-built elements , the undertaking does likely suffer from scope creep and also the amount of ability throughout the development group is generally diverse then it is n’t any surprise that estimating the length of the undertaking can not be a scientific practice .
There are also many unknowns .
Do you understand how much time it will take if you have never built the software before using the team then how do ?
Obviously , experienced guides one on your estimating and also the experience you are .
Jobs run more because men and women who expect everything to stream put estimates and that makes no allowance for those unknowns .
As a way of addressing these issues that are quickening , the Agile Development system has surfaced over the previous ten decades .
Whilst this is a means to control the price , and so job timescales , it ’s not acceptable for many projects or perhaps on some sections of jobs .
Quotes become even more difficult to get right , where projects involve complicated ports or new technologies are used then .
These are risks that are difficult to measure up - front and are only found since the job gets completed .
Overview
There is a software program similar to an iceberg .
The complexity in the program can be imperceptible to the consumer and lies under the waterline .
Next time that you ’re thinking about why software jobs seem tough to get you may spare a thought for those programmers .
They are currently working to provide a wave of sophistication and challenges .
By representing families and individuals who suffer severe losses and damages because someone else was negligent or irresponsible , they can help get their clients justice .
They also provide valuable assistance outside of their roles as attorneys by staying involved with charities and organizations committed to helping families in times of need .
A Rutgers University , Newark and Collége de France , Paris research team has pinpointed for the first time the mechanism that takes place during sleep that causes learning and memory formation to occur .
It ’s been known for more than a century that sleep somehow is important for learning and memory .
Sigmund Freud further suspected that what we learned during the day was “ rehearsed ” by the brain during dreaming , allowing memories to form .
And while much recent research has focused on the correlative links between the hippocampus and memory consolidation , what had not been identified was the specific processes that cause long - term memories to form .
As posted online September 11 , 2009 by Nature Neuroscience , György Buzsaki , professor at the Center for Molecular and Behavioral Neuroscience at Rutgers University , Newark , and his co-researchers , Gabrielle Girardeau , Karim Benchenane , Sidney I. Wiener and Michaël B. Zugaro of the Collége de France , have determined that short transient brain events , called “ sharp wave ripples , ” are responsible for consolidating memory and transferring the learned information from the hippocampus to the neocortex , where long - term memories are stored .
Sharp wave ripples are intense , compressed oscillations that occur in the hippocampus when the hippocampus is working “ off - line , ” most often during stage four sleep , which , along with stage three , is the deepest level of sleep .
During stage four sleep , Buzsaki explains , “ it ’s as if many instruments and members of the orchestra come together to generate a loud sound , a sound so loud that it is heard by wide areas of the neocortex .
These sharp , ‘ loud ’ transient events occur hundreds to thousands of times during sleep and ‘ teach ’ the neocortex to form a long - term form of the memory , a process referred to as memory consolidation . ”
The intensity and multiple occurrence of those ripples also explain why certain events may only take place once in the waking state and yet can be remembered for a lifetime , adds Buzsaki .
The researchers were able to pinpoint that sharp wave ripples are the cause behind memory formation by eliminating those ripple events in rats during sleep .
The rats were trained in a spatial navigation task and then allowed to sleep after each session .
Those rats that selectively had all ripple events eliminated by electrical stimulation were impeded in their ability to learn from the training , as compressed information was unable to leave the hippocampus and transfer to the neocortex .
Identification of a specific brain pattern responsible for strengthening learned information could facilitate applied research for more effective treatment of memory disorders .
“ This is the first example that if a well - defined pattern of activity in the brain is reliably and selectively eliminated , it results in memory deficit ; a demonstration that this specific brain pattern is the cause behind long - term memory formation , ” says Buzsaki .
The research also represents a move toward a new direction in neuroscience research .
While previous research largely has focused on correlating behavior with specific brain events through electroencephalogram , neuronal spiking and functional magnetic resonance imaging studies , increasingly researchers are challenging those correlations as they seek to identify the specific process or processes that cause certain events and behaviors to take place .
The research was performed at the Collége de France , Paris where Buzsaki worked as a distinguished visiting professor in 2008 .
Drawing my own comic book characters , creating virtual theme parks , making bad music , and writing stories for my action figures were just some of my favorite activities .
Being a designer was inevitable .
As a designer I love simplifying the complex , empowering users , telling engaging stories , being dramatic , questioning everything , & flooding the world in color .
( except for this website )
A mathematical model constructed by researchers at Imperial College London predicts the risk of cardiovascular disease ( heart attacks , stroke ) associated with low background levels of radiation .
The model shows that the risk would vary almost in proportion with dose .
Results , published October 23 in the open- access journal PLoS Computational Biology , are consistent with risk levels reported in previous studies involving nuclear workers .
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death and one of the leading causes of disability in developed countries , as reported in the paper and also by the World Health Organization .
For some time , scientists have understood how high - dose radiotherapy ( RT ) causes inflammation in the heart and large arteries and how this results in the increased levels of cardiovascular disease observed in many groups of patients who receive RT .
However , in the last few years , studies have shown that there may also be cardiovascular risks associated with the much lower fractionated doses of radiation received by groups such as nuclear workers , but it is not clear what biological mechanisms are responsible .
The Imperial College London team , led by Dr. Mark Little , has explored a novel mechanism that suggests that radiation kills monocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) in the arterial wall , which would otherwise bind to monocyte chemo - attractant protein 1 ( MCP - 1 ) .
The resultant higher levels of MCP - 1 cause inflammation which leads to cardiovascular disease .
As well as being consistent with what is seen in nuclear workers , the changes in MCP - 1 caused by dietary cholesterol that are predicted by the model are also consistent with experimental and epidemiologic data .
If the mechanism is valid it implies that risks from low dose radiation exposures ( e.g. , medical and dental X - rays ) , which until now have been assumed to result only from cancer , may have been substantially underestimated , say the authors .
The biological mechanism has yet to be experimentally tested .
Further research is planned to investigate this .
Porno Princess calls me the other day .
She ’s in tears .
She ’s broke .
She has no money , which is n’t anything new for most Porno Princesses — trust me , this I know .
“ Do you have any work ?
I ’ll do almost anything right now .
For whatever you have to pay me . ”
Another Porno Princess texts me :
If you pay me $ 750 I will do any kind of scene you want .
ANY kind .
Stunt Cock called me a week ago .
He ’s pissed .
He ’s got one of the biggest wieners in Porn Valley , but that does n’t mean a thing anymore .
After telling me , “ this business has bankrupted me .
Fuck porn ! ” he said he ’s about to embark on a new career : he ’s leaving for Alaska to be a fur trapper .
( Yes , a fur trapper .
I wo n’t comment beyond that ) .
What ’s going on ?
Free Internet Porn .
In addition to no more money for Porno Princess and Stunt Cock , there ’s no more future work either .
Which is just a dumb way of saying in the past you could live day - to - day , cause you were getting booked 5 times a week .
Now some of these performers are lucky to get booked 3 times a month .
And the only girls who are getting consistent work are the newbs .
Like most business , porn ’s struggling .
Unlike most , porn ’s business model is competing against something fierce and mighty .
To really complicate things , it ’s a business model has changed radically in the last five years … and no one likes change .
DVD ’s have pretty much vanished ; online adult flourished … and now it ’s all all free .
But you know that .
Imagine opening a taco stand , and a few weeks later another opens across the street .
The tacos are n’t as good as yours , but they ’re free .
Gratis .
Take ’em and leave — as many as you want .
You just left a Tube Site .
Admit it .
You just jacked it for free , and you probably watched a half dozen full length scenes before blowing you load , too , and you did n’t shell out a penny .
You did n’t have to worry about downloading some weird codec .
You did n’t have to worry about downloading a file that might be a virus .
You did n’t have to give up your e-mail .
No joining some creepy forum .
You did n’t even have to wait for the file to fucking download .
You just pulled down your pants , made sure Wifey was n’t on her way home , pressed a play button and cranked one out .
Then , you cleaned up , checked out what I have to say today , and now you ’re on your way out to start your day .
Or finish it .
Or continue it .
Whatever .
You ’ve probably been doing been doing this since about 2007 , too , when The Tubes starting catching on fire .
Now a few of them are even ranked in the top 100 over at Alexa , and that ’s huge — which you may or may not know .
Huge as in huge numbers .
Huge amounts of traffic .
Spread over all of them , I bet it ’s a billion impressions a week .
Or a weekend .
And you know they ’re using their stolen , full - length clips , and you love it .
You know they ’re using stolen porn to sell something other than porn , which is a first .
Instead of selling you more porn ( why ?
They just fucking gave you more than you could watch ) , they ’re selling ( mostly ) memberships that promise to get you laid .
This way , you wo n’t have to jack to porn anymore .
It ’s taken about 2 years for all this to really hit home .
Like I said , Tubes started catching on around the start of ’ 07 ; the DVD market started crumbling soon thereafter ; now it ’s hit the internet guys .
Porn Valley is drying up , and fast .
People are freaking out .
Agencies are closing .
More than 90 % of the jobs are being booked by less than 10 % of the companies .
Rates are dropping .
No one ’s sure when it ’ll come back — if it ever does .
Most are betting it wo n’t .
I always thought once the masses figure out Adult Friend Finder and The Facebook of Sex are nothing but big ol ’ Sausage Fests , the Tubes would implode under their own bandwidth bills , and things would get back to normal .
But after listening the The Thief ramble in that Amsterdam Coffee Shop last week .
I ’m not so sure .
I know what you ’re thinking , too : Boo-Hoo Billy .
Too bad .
Join the club .
I lost my job , too .
Why the fuck should I pay for porn ?
Most of it sucks anyways , so fuck you .
You ’re nothing but a sleazy porno dude , so who cares ?
I do n’t pay for music or mainstream movies either .
Why should I ?
It ’s not like I ’m walking into a store and shoving DVD ’s and CD ’s under my shirt and walking out .
They ’re intangibles , and that makes them fair game .
If I ca n’t touch it , I should n’t have to pay for it .
I ’m not boo - hooing … just blogging .
Things are changing fast .
And no one knows where it ’s all heading .
There ’s still people paying for music and movies .
And , believe it or not , some are still paying for adult entertainment , too : the ones who want to see the girl they want to see doing the naughty things they like to watch instead of just whacking to whatever ’s given to them are paying for it .
Of course it ’s no where near like it was before , and with the money drying up in this game , and the companies closing , and talent starting to leave what next ?
Maybe everyone will just be stuck jacking to ripped DVD ’s that were shot years ago .
Maybe the Tubes will implode .
Maybe Apple and Windows will develop operating systems that ’ll know what you do — and do n’t — pay for .
Maybe Brazzers ( they ’re behind the big tubes I mentioned earlier ) and the rest of the Porno Thieves will Rule The World .
Maybe .
Jack Kerouac said , “ … nobody , nobody knows what ’s going to happen to anybody besides the forlorn rags of growing old … ”
Amen .
I doubt that Warner Bros. will be overjoyed to hear this , but Spike Jonze 's most soulful Maurice Sendak movie is n't his $ 90 - million - plus version of " Where the Wild Things Are " but a 40 - minute labor - of - love documentary about Sendak that premieres tonight at 7 p.m. on HBO East and 10 p.m. on HBO West .
Titled " Tell Them Anything You Want : A Portrait of Maurice Sendak , " the film , co-directed by Jonze and Lance Bangs , is a mesmerizing portrait of an unsettled artist as an old man .
You know right from the start that it 's not going to be a reverential , Ken Burns - style film .
Our first glimpse of Sendak reveals a wild - eyed oldster , shakily leaning on a cane , his speech liberally sprinkled with profanity .
When Jonze asks if he has any advice for young people , Sendak brusquely replies : " Quit this life as soon as possible .
Get out .
You 're doing a documentary about a brain - dead person . "
Jonze is savvy enough to realize that Sendak is such a peculiar , self - dramatizing character that the best thing for a filmmaker to do is stay out of his way as much as possible .
So except for one marvelous glimpse of Sendak , on a bright spring day , walking with his dog , surrounded by a jungle of lush greenery that makes him look like a character straight out of " Wild Things , " the film is wonderfully informal and unadorned , with most of the footage simply shot in Sendak 's living room ( which has a cardboard stand - up of Barack Obama in the corner ) .
For all the cleverness and sharp - eyed originality in his work , Sendak turns out to be an unhappy guy , haunted by what he calls a " permanent dissatisfaction " in his life .
Unwanted by his parents ( " I was not intended -- it was an accident , " he insists ) and blessed with few social skills , he spent most of his time as a child alone , sitting at the window , drawing children playing in the street .
He adored his older brother and sister -- he still talks about them with awe today -- but he was always an outsider , especially once he realized that he was gay , not an especially easy sexual orientation for a children 's book artist in mid-20th century America .
As he bluntly puts it : " I did n't want to be gay .
It was yet another sign of isolation .
It was something that you hid ....
It was extremely bad news . "
To Jonze 's credit , he puts Sendak so at ease that the older artist willingly reveals his innermost fears and extravagant fantasies on camera , the same fears and desires that clearly shaped him as an artist .
In one extraordinary scene , Jonze films Sendak reimagining his mind - set as an ambitious young artist , almost greedy for success .
" I want to be famous , I want to be snooty , " Sendak says , reconnecting with his younger self .
" I want to have a big , gray shiny car and everybody will see it .
Here comes Big Mo! Holy [ moly ] .
It 's him , it 's him !
Sure I 'll give you an autograph , you [ expletive ] . "
It 's no wonder " Anything You Want " has already been short - listed for the Oscar for best documentary short .
It captures a great performance , sometimes comic , sometimes bittersweet , from an fierce old man , afraid of dying , but with an indomitable will to live .
At one point , Jonze shows us a montage of Sendak 's death - obsessed proclamations , concluding it by telling him , " You 've been claiming you 're dying and becoming senile for years -- and it has n't happened yet . "
To which Sendak replies , with supreme self - assurance : " But it 's gonna ! "
After seeing Sendak in the flesh , it 's easy to understand why Jonze was inspired to spend so many years wrestling with his adaptation of " Where The Wild Things Are , " even though it 's just as easy to see why the spirit of the book proved to be so difficult to capture on film .
Even though he 's a filmmaker from a very different generation , Jonze instinctively understands that Sendak is one of those timeless artists , a true original whose work digs far deeper than most of the reassuring and hopeful sentiments expressed in most children 's literature .
Perhaps that 's why Jonze ends the film with a question taken from a page of one of Sendak 's books .
It 's a question that artists ask themselves all the time , although we mere mortals could puzzle over it for the rest of our lives as well : " Do you always want what you think you want ? "
Photo of Maurice Sendak in " Tell Them Anything You Want : A Portrait of Maurice Sendak " from HBO .
Michael Vick has signed a one - year deal with the Philadelphia Eagles , along with a team option for a second year .
Initial reactions from NFL analysts was that of shock , as many thought of the signing as a threat to Donovan McNabb .
McNabb has told the media , however , that he lobbied to get Vick and that there is no threat .
So that got me thinking about how the Eagles could use Vick .
Now , what I 'm about to suggest is admittedly far - fetched , but give it a chance .
Imagine Vick and McNabb on the field together , at the same time , as quarterbacks .
Throw in the running back , Brian Westbrook , and you have a very scary backfield .
The notion of starting two quarterbacks is a fairly new one , but it has been done .
A high school coach in California , last year , instituted such an offense calling it the A - 11 offense .
In this offense , two quarterbacks lined up in the shotgun , on either side of the center .
There have been many reports of other high schools and even colleges planning to adopt the idea .
In the NFL , however , rules do not allow for the kinds of formations used in the A - 11 offense .
The NFL does , however , allow direct snaps .
You could have two " quarterbacks " ( and an additional running back ) in the backfield , with one quarterback lined up behind the center .
You would then have the option of snapping to either quarterback .
This idea has been a popular one in the NFL , lately .
Miami , for example , used the direct snap frequently in its offense last season in the Wildcat Formation .
Ronnie Brown would often take a direct snap and run with the ball .
There has been talk of using Pat White this season to take the direct snaps , adding the dynamic of having the ability to throw the ball .
With McNabb , Vick , and Westbrook in the backfield , the pressure would be on the defense .
The offensive coordinator has the option of snapping to either quarterback .
Both have the ability to throw and run .
Once the ball is snapped , the other quarterback can either run a route as a receiver , take a hand - off , or wait for a lateral ( which he could then chose to throw ) .
Imagine , as a defense , trying to keep this contained .
Especially considering the other weapons on the Eagles ' offense that we have n't even mentioned .
Sounds pretty interesting .
I admit , chances are that Vick will just serve as a backup , coming in for potential injury or maybe even to spell McNabb for a series .
But would n't it be interesting to see the Eagles start both of these dynamic quarterbacks ?
While we were certain that Electronic Arts was going to revisit classic racer Road Rash last year — we trust ex-Skid Row singer Sebastian Bach without reservation — the publisher denied it was in development .
Well it was at one point .
Advertisement
An early , pre-vis clip from the seemingly canceled Road Rash was sniffed out by blog superannuation , a game once in the early development stages at EA 's since - shuttered Warrington studio .
The bad news is that the tech demo only makes us want a new Road Rash even more , to take a bike chain to the face of our friends online .
Advertisement
Let 's hope that EA has since reconsidered the decision to revitalize Road Rash and that the re-upped trademark was not filed in vain .
Or for an iPhone game .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Previsualization for EA Warrington 's next - gen Road Rash . [ superannuation ]
For decades , automakers have been on a quest to make cars quieter : an auto that purrs , and glides almost silently in traffic .
They have finally succeeded .
Plug - in hybrid and electric cars , it turns out , not only reduce air pollution , they cut noise pollution as well with their whisper - quiet motors .
But that has created a different problem .
They are n’t noisy enough .
So safety experts , worried that hybrids pose a threat if pedestrians , children and others can’t hear them approaching , want automakers to supply some digitally enhanced vroom .
Indeed , just as cellphones have ring tones , “ car tones ” may not be far behind  an option for owners of electric vehicles to choose the sound their cars emit .
Working with Hollywood special - effects wizards , some hybrid auto companies have started tinkering in sound studios , rather than machine shops , to customize engine noises .
The Fisker Karma , an $ 87,900 plug - in hybrid expected to go on sale next year , will emit a sound  pumped out of speakers in the bumpers  that the company founder , Henrik Fisker , describes as “ a cross between a starship and a Formula One car . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A Cornish duck farm is celebrating an unusual birth after two ducklings hatched from one egg .
The twins , who are doing well , appeared from the same shell within minutes of each other on Thursday .
Roger Olver , from the Cornish Duck Company in St Austell , said it was very rare for two ducks born from the same egg to thrive .
He said the ducks , dubbed Romulus and Remus , will be spared the table and become pets .
He said : " One of them hatched first , just as the other was poking its beak out of the other side of the egg .
" It was a shock to say the least .
" They 're looking pretty good , bearing in mind they were cooped up together in the same shell . "
Established in 1993 Ragazzi is an independent , designer menswear store , based in Wrexham , North Wales .
Originally located on the outskirts of the town centre , Ragazzi moved to a larger premises in the prestigious shopping centre of Eagles Meadow in 2011 .
Over the years we have gained a reputation for stocking the latest brands in mens fashion .
Our collections include classics such as Belstaff , Paul & Shark , Carhartt and whilst showcasing other labels such as Novesta and Gramicci amongst others .
Throughout our years as being a ' bricks and mortar ' business we pride ourselves on exceptional customer service , you can be assured that you will receive the same great service when shopping online with us .
more ›
CHP supports a message - passing style of concurrency .
Shared mutable variables are not intended to be used — which is quite easy to keep to in a functional language like Haskell , where mutable variables are special , like IORef , MVar or TVar .
( Contrast this with C , where mutating a variable from several threads is dangerously easy ! )
But sometimes you might find that you need some shared mutable data with safe updates — perhaps a global setting that most processes need access to .
Instead of planting an MVar ( or TVar ) in the middle of your CHP program , you can instead use CHP ’s message passing model to implement shared mutable variables .
The first challenge of shared mutable data is that the reads should not overlap the writes .
You do n’t want a situation where two processes try to overwrite the shared variable and you end up with half of each value .
We can avoid this by representing a shared variable with an active process .
The process has an incoming channel ( for sending in new values of the variable ) and an outgoing channel ( for reading out the current value of the variable ) .
These channels can be shared amongst many readers and writers of the variable , using anyToOneChannel and oneToAnyChannel ( with claim , as touched upon in a previous post ) .
Our first attempt at the shared variable process is simple :
sharedRW :: a -> Chanin a ->
Chanout a -> CHP ( ) sharedRW start input output = sharedRW ' start where sharedRW ' x = ( ( readChannel input ) <-> ( writeChannel output x >> return x ) ) >>= sharedRW '
The process sits and waits for one of two things ( using <-> , CHP ’s choice operator ) : either a new value from its input channel , or a communication of the old value on the output channel ( in which case the previous value is retained for the next iteration ) .
The following test ( that uses some forthcoming CHP testing additions ) reads and writes the variable 1000 times , adding one each time .
If we begin with value 1 , we expect ( and get ) 1001 at the end :
succer :: Int -> Chanin Int -> Chanout Int -> CHP ( ) succer n input output = replicateM_ n $ readChannel input >>= writeChannel output .
succ testRW1 :: CHP CHPTestResult testRW1 = do toV <- oneToOneChannel fromV <- oneToOneChannel sharedRW 1 ( reader toV ) ( writer fromV ) `withCheck` do liftCHP $ succer 1000 ( reader fromV ) ( writer toV ) final <- liftCHP $ readChannel $ reader fromV poison ( reader fromV ) >> poison ( writer toV ) assertCHPEqual ' " Final value " 1001 final
However , there is a problem that is not revealed by the above test .
We have implemented a shared mutable variable , but we ’ve also inherited the disadvantages !
If you change the test so that it has three such processes in parallel , all accessing the shared variable ( with shared channels ) , reading then writing back ( adding one ) , a problem occurs :
succer ' :: Int -> Shared Chanin Int -> Shared Chanout Int -> CHP ( ) succer ' n input output = replicateM_ n $ do x <- claim input readChannel claim output ( flip writeChannel ( succ x ) ) testRW2 :: CHP CHPTestResult testRW2 = do toV <- anyToOneChannel fromV <- oneToAnyChannel sharedRW 1 ( reader toV ) ( writer fromV ) `withCheck` do let p = succer ' 1000 ( reader fromV ) ( writer toV ) liftCHP $ p < || > p < || > p final <- liftCHP $ claim ( reader fromV ) readChannel liftCHP $ claim ( reader fromV ) poison >> claim ( writer toV ) poison assertCHPEqual ' " Final value " 3001 final
The failing output is :
### Failure in : 1:RW2 Final value ; expected : 3001 ; actual : 1659
The problem is that if two processes read the variable , and then both processes write to the variable , whichever order the writes happen in , only 1 will be added .
This is just the sort of problem that can occur with atomic reads and writes ( rather than mutexes ) on shared variables in languages such as C .
We can fix this type of update problem neatly by redefining our shared variable process to accept a modification function rather than a new value ( this is Haskell , so no issue in sending a function down a channel ) .
This modification will then be applied atomically with respect to any other modifications .
The modification can be conditional on the previous value , or just const someNewValue .
Here ’s the revised process :
sharedVar :: NFData a => a -> Chanin ( a -> a ) ->
Chanout a -> CHP ( ) sharedVar start input output = shared Var ' start where shared Var ' x = ( ( forceApplyTo x < $> readChannel input ) <-> ( writeChannel output x >> return x ) ) >>= sharedVar ' forceApplyTo x f = ( id $ | rnf ) ( f x )
Note that because this process is applying lots of consecutive functions to the value without ever examining it , it could lead to space leaks — so I use some strict application magic from the strategies library to prevent this .
Our example uses the pattern of waiting to either read a new value or to engage in an output of the old value — a pattern that is likely to crop up repeatedly in future posts .
It is something that is not directly supported by MVars : you cannot wait for a choice of several actions involving MVars .
Nor is this pattern easily supported by TVars : having both sides in a synchronisation wait for a choice of synchronisations cannot be done without ending up with something like the STM algorithms that already underpin CHP .
If you want anything more complicated than the shared variable shown here , such as updating two values atomically , you should look to STM and TVars after all , but at least for simple cases where you require one shared variable , CHP can fulfil that need .
Portland Gets a Cycle Track , and All That Comes With It
In Portland , Oregon , already one of America ’s best cycling cities , a new amenity was unveiled this past weekend : a cycle track , or physically separated bike lane , near Portland State University .
For several blocks , it provides a protected place for bikers to ride — by taking a lane from motor vehicle traffic and changing the place where cars are supposed to park .
But as Bike Portland ‘s Jonathan Maus notes in a post on the unveiling ceremony , negative feedback is threatening to drown out positive reaction .
It ’s a scenario all too familiar to New Yorkers :
Portland ’s new ( and first - ever ) cycle track has been installed on SW Broadway near Portland State University .
Photo © J. Maus .
[ S ] ome local TV reports … seem to want to turn this into the latest front in the battle of " cars vs. bikes . "
One report , by Anne Yeager on KGW - TV seemed to actually encourage negative feedback when she said on their
6:00 newscast : " If you love the idea , that ’s great — but if you do n’t ,
contact the mayor ’s office . "
On other local media websites , the comments are flying in .
The majority of them that I ’ve read are negative .
There are all the usual concerns that bikes are getting a free ride , that cars are being
relegated to the margins , that the city is going insane , and so on .
The Oregonian ’s coverage led to so many thoughtfully negative comments that reporter Joe Rose decided to post another story on his Hard Drive blog to stick up for the project .
Rose dusted off the old “ Green Dividend ” study by Portland economist Joe Cortright ( which shows that our region saves $ 2.6 billion annually because we drive fewer miles on average ) .
Even here on BikePortland , several commenters are staunchly opposed to the project .
To combat concerns and negative feedback , the City stresses that this is nothing more than an " experiment . "
I wonder though , what would happen if they heard more negative than positive feedback on their experiment ?
Is the City losing the PR battle on this one ?
So what do you think ?
Are cycle tracks worth the backlash they sometimes inspire ?
Will they ever become common enough — as they are in many European cities — that they will be widely accepted , and respected , by users of all different modes ?
Or are you one of the people who opposes physically segregated bicycle facilities altogether ?
More coverage of the cycle track can be found at Portland Transport , which hails it as the harbinger of " the second era of Portland bicycling infrastructure . "
Lots of interesting comments there as well .
A related post from the Streetsblog Network today : the FABB Blog links to a report that says local governments should do a better job of providing bicycle infrastructure to help prevent childhood obesity .
Il Fatto Quotidiano , 14 ottobre 2009
Segnalazioni
di Peter Gomez e Marco LilloChe sia un figlio del demonio lo dice persino il suo padrone .
“ Le foto del compleanno di Noemi a Casoria ?
Me le ha chieste quel diavolo di ” , ripeteva in maggiodagli schermi di “ Porta a porta ” .
E anche se allora nessuno se ne rendeva conto quella frase equivaleva a un'investitura : Signorini da cortigiano era diventato principe .
La sua metamorfosi era conclusa .
Perché da giornalista si era trasformato in .
Ovvero , come recita il dizionario inglese - italiano , in “ dottore del raggiro ” o , se preferite , in “ manipolatore di opinioni ” .
Sì , perché ormai è questo il vero mestiere del potentissimo direttore di “ ” e di “ ” , il settimanale di gossip della Mondadori , scelto dal Cavaliere per diffondere interviste , condurre attacchi mezzo stampa contro giornalisti e avversari politici , .
Un mestiere difficile che , in questi giorni , ha spinto Signorini a scatenare i suoi cronisti a caccia di elementi utili per infangare , il giudice civile autore della sentenza con cui la Fininvest è stata condannata a risarcire con 750 milioni di euro la Cir del “ nemico ” Berlusconi , del resto , del direttore di “ Chi ” si fida .
Anche perchè è uno di casa .
Amicissimo della sua primogenita , la numero uno della Mondadori , con la quale trascorre ogni giorno ore e ore al telefono , Signorini è stato negli ultimi due anni uno dei pochi uomini ammessi alle “ cene con le ragazze ” organizzate dal Cavaliere e daa Palazzo Grazioli .
Il suo nome ricorre spesso nei verbali delle ospiti ( a volte a pagamento ) del premier , spesso associato a quello del direttore di Rauno , , e a quello del numero uno di Medusa Cinematografica , .
Non per niente il dandy , Signorini - nelle interviste lo ripete sempre - considera il dandy Rossella , come il proprio maestro di giornalismo .
Una confessione significativa visto che Rossella nel 2003 è stato sottoposto a procedimento disciplinare da parte dell ’ ordine dei giornalisti per aver “ taroccato ” una copertina di “ Panorama ” aggiungendo una un’immagine del premier ripreso di spalle .
Eravamo ancora in epoca pre trapianto pilifero e alla fine Rossella aveva strappato un’archiviazione dalle motivazioni imbarazzanti : “ La piaggeria non è un illecito disciplinare anche se è qualcosa si peggio sul piano morale e individuale ” .
Ma tant ’è .
Ciascuno è libero di scegliersi i propri maestri come gli pare .
Così non deve stupire se , non appena scoppia il caso della protegè minorenne del premier , le vacanze di Signorini , sono interrotte , da una telefonata .
È palazzo Chigi che lo vuole far rientrare a Roma , su un aereo privato .
Signorini saluta in tutta fretta il suo compagno e la sua maga - sensitiva personale , , e vola dal mago di Arcore .
D’ora in poi lui e Rossella faranno parte dell ’ unità di crisi che in questi mesi tenta di difendere l’immagine del Cavaliere dagli scandali e dai rovesci giudiziari .
A 45 anni suonati , con in tasca una laurea in filologia medievale e alle spalle un passato d’insegnante , Signorini spicca , dunque , il gran salto .
Tanto che ora è a un passo dal prendere il posto dinel dopo serata di Canale 5 e , sostengono in molti , di diventare persino direttore della rete ammiraglia del Biscione .
Che sia , del resto , a Mediaset se ne sono accorti tutti .
A partire da quei ragazzacci delleche già nel 2007 hanno visto l’editore censurare un servizio a lui dedicato .
Che cosa era successo ?
“ Chi ” aveva pubblicato in copertina un’intervista all ’attore .
Ma l’intervista era falsa .
Spiega a “ Il Fatto ” , , collaboratore di Scamarcio : “ Riccardo non l ’aveva mai rilasciata e lo disse alle Iene .
Loro però se ne erano accorte da sole visto che il testo era molto simile a un’altra intervista data invece da Riccardo a Vanity Fair ” .
Ma le balbettanti giustificazioni del giornalista ( si fa per dire ) davanti alle telecamere , non le vedrà mai nessuno .
“ Non va in onda ” , ordini superiori .
Se questo è lo stile non ci si deve stupire per quello che si è visto e letto sulle pagine di “ Chi ” a partire dallo scorso maggio .
Dopo il primo scoop - alla quale partecipò anche il premier - Signorini fornisce ai suoi“ rivelazioni ” a ripetizione .
Si parte con ilche sostiene di essere “ un ex socialista ” vicino a Craxi e di aver per questo conosciuto Berlusconi diventato “ un amico di famiglia ” , per arrivare al primo vero capolavoro : .
Ai giornalisti che nelle prime ore l’avevano intervistata , Noemi aveva giurato di essere single .
Ci voleva dunque un partner che allontanasse il sospetto di un rapporto troppo stretto tra Noemi e il Cavaliere .
Così sbuca fuori dal nulla , ventunenne modello di Boscotrecase , ex tronista di “ Uomini e donne ” , il programa di Maria De Filippi .
Domenico e Noemi vengono fotografati da “ Chi ” a Rimini e poi sul lungomare di Napoli , mentre si baciano sotto gli occhi dei genitori di lei che assicura : “ Sono illibata ” .
Peccato che Cozzolino per le amiche di Noemi sia .
Nemmeno l’ex fidanzato della minorenne , Gino Flaminio , ne ha mai sentito parlare .
E di lui non si trova traccia neppure nelle foto del compleanno di Casoria .
Alla fine sarà proprio il muscoloso Domenico a spiegare come stavano realmente le cose . “ ” , dice a un settimanale concorrente .
Ma ormai lo spin è riuscito .
Tv e giornali hanno rilanciato le prime immagini della coppia .
Nell ’immaginario collettivo di una buona parte dell ’elettorato si è formata la convinzione che il caso Noemi è tutta una montatura , non di Signorini , ma dei nemici del premier .
Signorini così ci prende gusto .
Ride quando il migliore dei suoi cronisti , , organizza unanei confronti del vero ex fidanzato di Noemi , , e di due giornalisti de “ L’espresso ” .
Seguendo le lezioni di Fabrizio Corona , Parpiglia al ristorante la Scialuppa di Napoli allestisce una sorta di set fotografico con tanto di microfoni .
Bisogna dimostrare che Gino - il quale ha raccontato come Berlusconi scoprì Noemi consultando un book fotografico - intasca soldi per parlare ..
Non è vero niente .
Ma il paradosso è un altro .
Chi è abituato a pagare le interviste è proprio Signorini .
A raccontarlo , agli investigatori del caso Vallettopoli che sfocerà in un processo contro Corona , è proprio il giornalista .
Il caso di scuola è una sua intervista a Patrizia , il transessuale che passò una notte brava con .
Per quel faccia a faccia “ Chi ” tira fuori 50 mila euro .
Signorini però si confessa deluso .
Tra il suo settimanale e la Fiat c’è un accordo .
Il testo del colloquio deve essere vistato da viale Marconi .
E così lui è amareggiato , perché avrebbe “ voluto fare delle domande scabrose , perchè era l’unica cosa che mi interessava , ma non ho potuto farle ( in aula dirà poi che era solo per curiosità personale ndr ) ” .
Poco male .
Perchè poi sulla scena politico - finanziaria irrompe , la escort di Bari , che ha dormito nel lettone del Premier ( e “ di Putin ” ) .
Ogni curiosità potrà insomma trovare risposta .
Anche perché , come scrive proprio Signorini , l’intervista che Berlusconi gli rilascia “ si svolge nel clima ideale per affrontare con serenità anche le domande più difficili » .
Seguono quattro pagine di interrogativi del tipo : « » ; « Bisogno di vacanze ?
Dove andrà questa estate ? » .
Il cavaliere risponde a tutto .
La patria è salva .
Il giornalismo un po ’ meno .
Patrick Fuller of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies describes his experiences in the Indonesian city of Padang , where Wednesday 's earthquake caused widespread devastation .
Rescue workers have been living with as little as two hours sleep a night Arriving in Padang my taxi driver Zul was keen to talk about the earthquake .
" We are all frightened of another tsunami , I 'm sleeping with my family outside , there are too many aftershocks , " he said .
But where was the devastation ?
I became less sceptical as we rounded a corner and Zul pointed at a collapsed school .
A pile of mangled metal and concrete .
As we neared the centre of town there was no escaping the sense of urgency ; everyone seemed to be going somewhere in a hurry and there was the wail of ambulance sirens all around .
I spot some young Indonesian Red Cross volunteers clambering over a mountain of debris and stop .
Their faces are covered in dust and hidden behind masks .
Signs of shock Eko Sukardi is one of the team ; he says they have been there since Thursday .
Much of their work has been to retrieve dead bodies from the wreckage and take them to the morgue .
Eko complains that the hundreds of onlookers crowding around the collapsed Ambacang Hotel are getting in the way .
Eko says there could be 200 more people under the rubble .
It is unsettling to see so many local people stand there taking pictures on their mobile phones .
Eko has been surviving with two hours sleep a night and he looks straight through me as we talk .
He is clearly exhausted and I recognise the signs of shock .
I think back to my experience in Gujurat in 2001 , after the earthquake in Bhuj , how the desperate search for survivors went on for days .
Patrick 's colleagues have reported severe damage in outlying villages Finally , I arrive at the Indonesian Red Cross headquarters , which is swarming with volunteers from neighbouring districts as well as international teams who have arrived from the Red Cross societies of Switzerland , Germany , Spain and Turkey .
It is getting dark and the adrenalin is running high but everyone is exhausted .
One of the offices is littered with sleeping bodies on the floor .
I interview some volunteers and take some pictures of tents and tarpaulins being loaded onto trucks for distribution tomorrow .
Four teams went out to different villages today .
Rukman , the disaster response co-ordinator , tells me he came across a village of 400 houses near Pariaman .
" Ninety - nine per cent of the houses are flattened , we are taking a mobile kitchen and some tents there tomorrow , " he says .
The BBC call , they want to send a team up in our chartered helicopter .
It only takes four people and as much as I want to help , priority has to go to members of our medical team who will be setting up emergency clinics in some of the more remote villages .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Jun-19-07 actionhero56 : boring !
Sep -29-07 Fourpointo : Capablanca vs. Evil Twin Bizarro Capablanca .
Oct -21-08 Salaskan : Most exciting game ever . [ / sarcasm ]
Feb - 17 - 10 firefight :
Copy cat or what !
I can't believe Capablanca let him away with that .
Feb -18-10
Pawn and Two :
This game was played in the final round .
The American Chess Bulletin noted : < This game certainly does not call for annotation .
Played in the final round , both players were satisfied to draw and did so in routine manner . >
At Lake Hopatcong 1926 , Capablanca finished first ( +4 = 4 ) , a full point ahead of Kupchik ( +3 - 1 = 4 ) , and 1 1/2 points ahead of Maroczy ( +3 - 2 =3 ) .
Marshall finished 4th with a score of ( +1 - 3 = 4 ) , and Edward Lasker finished last , with a score of ( +1 - 6 =1 ) .
The time taken for this game :
Capablanca - 21 minutes !
Maroczy - 17 minutes !
Feb -18 - 10 Petrosianic : I wish they could just agree to a draw before the round began , to avoid cluttering up the databases with games like these .
Actually , I felt that way about half of the games played in KK - I .
Of course in the old days , the public NEVER saw these games unless they bought the whole tournament book .
Now , they can see it all .
Feb -18-10
maxi : The Immortal GM draw game !
Feb - 18 - 10 Petrosianic :
For the immortal GM Draw , I might pick this one :
Rubinstein vs Capablanca , 1922
Just because of the stink it raised in its day .
The NY Times editorialized that it was borderline cheating .
Imagine people coming to see a game between two top GM's , and them simply declining to play it !
( That 's how they viewed such things then ) .
Capa could have beaten one of his top challengers , and Rubinstein could have increased his claim to a title shot , but neither was interested .
Times sure change .
King Kong had people fainting in the aisles back in the day , too .
Feb -22-10
maxi :
So back then they would have called it The Immoral GM draw game .
Aug - 16 - 12 sera :
Why was Capablanca satisfied to draw ?
Dec - 28 - 14 GoldenBird :
The most exciting , highly intense , highly dynamic and tactical game I have ever seen Dec - 28 - 14 1d410 : Black gained a tempo over Capablanca .
Interesting opening ...
Dec -28-14 IFNB : Words cannot express how much I hate the exchange variation .
Feb - 25 - 18 gpbear : I find the disdain some members of the chess.com community have for this game laughable .
If you can't appreciate symmetry in chess , then you 've had your nose buried too deep in books to value simple aesthetic harmony .
Being a tow truck driver can be a very rewarding and lucractive career choice .
The option to work for a small mechanic shop , a large corporation , available for multiple business , or even working on your own .
Or a combination of any of the previously mentiuon oppurtiens .
There are a really three basic tow trucks .
And depending on the type of towing and budget , a choice can be made .
Sometimes you need that awesome roadside assistance
SLING TOW TRUCK
One option for a tow truck is called the sling or hook and chain tow truck .
It ’s basically a heavy duty pickup truck that is equip with a chains , hooks , and a boom winch .
The hooks and chains are attached to the vehicle being towed axel or frame , using the boom winch its lifted .
Its towed with its two back wheels on the ground and the front of the vehicle lifted by the boom winch .
this type of towing can be very damaging to the bumper and frame of the vehicle being towed .
With that in mind it ’s a towing maneuver that best suited for cars that have been in an accident , vehicles having one or both of the front or rear wheels missing , or for junk car removal .
Those cars that are picked and towed with the intenetion of becoming scrap metal .
WHEEL LIFT TOW TRUCK
This particular truck is just like the sling truck but instead of having hooks and chains it uses yoke in its towing .
The yoke is slip under the front or rear wheels of the towed vehicle , really which set of wheel are the drive wheels .
Its then lifted by a hydraulic or pneumatic device so that its no longer on the ground .
And its towed .
Unlike the sling or hook and chain tow truck , the bumper is protected from damage by the height of the lifted car .
This too can be used in many scenarios , junk car removal , accident towing , or even to be towed to a mechanic shop .
Southfield Towing Service facebook page has a lot of great pictures to show this .
FLATBED TOW TRUCK
Just like its name implies this truck is equip with a flatbed that is allows to incline by use of hydraulic lift system .
The bed is inclined and slide down in such a way that a car can be dragged by hooks on its axel onto the bed .
The bed is then lifted and replace into position so that the entire vechicle is now on the bed .
This type of tow truck can be use in any number of application .
Transporting a car to a mechanic or collision shop , from an accident , across the country or state , or even junk car removal .
because the entire vehicle is no longer on the ground it serves in protecting the vehicle from any damages .
Really the only damages that could come to a vehicle on this type of tow truck is if the operator improperly hook the vechicle when dragging it onto the bed .
These are three of the basic tow trucks available .
Anyone will be a great benefit for any person looking to get into the tow truck business .
Like with any vehicle prices , , options , and reliability varies for each vechicle .
If one wants to purchase or lease a tow truck make sure to have the vechicle inspected by a reputuable mechanic , do the research , and shop around .
This is an investment .
So it would be wise to be prepared so money and time is not wasted .
Stay tuned for more yall .
After a 17 - mile trek up to a plateau in the Chilean Andes , scientists installed the first of 66 giant antennae on the Atacama Large Millimeter / submillimeter Array ( ALMA ) telescope this week .
The antenna , which weighs about 100 tons and measures 40 feet in diameter , was carried to its operations site at 16,400 feet by a massive , custom - built transporter .
Eventually , the antenna will be linked with dozens of others to form a single , enormous telescope .
Scientists hope the extremely dry air on the Chajnantor Plateau will help ALMA study some of the coldest and most distant objects in the observable universe .
But because of the harsh conditions on the plateau , each antenna must be built at a base camp at 9,500 feet and then transported up to its concrete pad at the observation site .
Once there , the array must be able to survive harsh winds and freezing temperatures , while still maintaining enough precision to point out a golf ball from about 10 miles away .
The first antenna began its journey when one of the two ALMA transporters , affectionately called " Otto , " hoisted the enormous white disk onto its back ( below ) .
While the transporter can theoretically travel more than seven miles per hour with an antenna on its back , the vehicle moved extra carefully on its first trek , taking a total of seven hours to travel 17 miles across the Chilean desert .
Once the antenna reached its new home , the transporter used laser - guided steering and ultrasonic collision detectors to guide the disk into its docking station , a concrete pad equipped with power and fiber optic connections .
As more and more antennae are added to the array , the transporter 's special sensors will be crucial to keep it from accidentally colliding with an antenna .
Even after ALMA is fully operational , scientists say they 'll use the custom - built transporters to move antennae between the concrete pads , which will adjust the telescope 's view of the sky .
The telescope is the result of an international partnership between scientists from the European Southern Observatory , the National Radio Astronomy Observatory in North America and the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan , in cooperation with the Republic of Chile .
Images : ALMA ( ESO / NAOJ / NRAO )
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
Several people have been injured in a crash between a Luas tram and a double - decker bus in Dublin city center .
The accident took place at a very busy junction in the city - between O'Connell Street and Abbey Street - just before 3 pm .
Three passengers are described as " seriously injured " while another 18 have been taken to hospital .
The tram driver and two female passengers had to be cut from the wreckage while a number of passengers were said to be " walking wounded . '
An eyewitness said that the two female bus passengers were trapped on the bus for nearly an hour after the crash .
Shoppers and tourists on the famed Dublin street started gathering at the scene , standing around in shocked silence .
Talking to Irish Central.com , Siobhan Woods said that the Luas seemed to have hit the storage and invalid area of the bus where there are the fewest seats .
" Hopefully people were not there when the Luas hit , " she said .
Traffic in and out of the city center is backed up as the main artery in Dublin has had to be closed off .
The traditional news media was slow to respond to the accident and most people found out about the crash through Twitter .
By 11.36 a.m. American time , " Luas " and " O'Connell Street " were two of the biggest trends on Twitter .
An Irish journalist tweeting under the name @UnaRocks said stayed up to date with the story by following it on Twitter - from her seat on a bus in Southern Spain .
" On a bus in southern spain following the #luas bus collision on twitter .
Perfect demo of its evolving role in breaking news , " she tweeted from Spain .
If you ever thought Beadle ’s About was a bit too near the knuckle , Panic Face King will not be for you .
Willie Nelson has tossed the satellite dish off the back of his corn-powered tour bus in favor of a little box that fuses wireless data cards from a variety of networks into a single connection .
Which is to say Willie is on the net again , seeing things he may never see again .
Satellite connections can be made anywhere , but they are expensive and have strict usage caps .
Network data cards offer all - you - can eat broadband plans , but any given company 's — AT&T , T - Mobile , Verizon and Sprint — does n't work everywhere .
The solution ?
Use an array of network data cards from several companies .
What Nelson has done is to tie four wireless USB cards into a Mushroom Networks PortaBella 141 , which makes them into a single , fast and robust connection that can power a roving or remote network .
That means if Willie wants to see how well he played " Whiskey River " at Farm Aid 2009 , the packets from YouTube flow through all of the cards at once .
" Because of the diversity of the cards , you do n’t get the patchy up and down of wireless cards , " Mushroom Networks CEO Cahit Akin said .
" It smooths out the experience . "
Run a single ethernet cable from the second - generation Portabella to a wireless router and you 've got internet for an entire tour bus , construction site or outdoor concert .
That means Willie 's friends Pancho and Lefty do n't have to worry about using too much bandwidth as they try to escape the police , and Willie Nelson does n't have bandwidth caps always on his mind if he 's listening to new music online .
Willie 's a big catch for the upstart , San Diego - based company — and a heavy user .
He averages 200 days a year on the road , including the just - finished Farm Aid concert .
And that means his team is constantly uploading new media to his website , and keeping in touch with friends and family .
And they seem happy , having ditched the satellite connection just like they ditched petroleum for bio -fuel .
" We rarely lose connection even in rural areas or if one card goes down , " said David Anderson , Willie Nelson 's tour manager .
Mushroom Networks makes a range of gadgets that turn many connections into a single .
That 's different from load balancers which distribute users among multiple connections — but assigns each user to a given connection .
The PortaBella 's advantage is that users do n't notice as one connection gets weak or slow , since their traffic is then handled by a less congested card .
Most data cards now come with a 5 Gb per month download cap , so bundling the cards together let 's users not worry as much about blowing through that cap .
The unit weighs a bit more than a pound , fits in your palm and has a battery pack option — with about a claimed four - hour life .
Mushroom Networks would n't provide a price for the unit , but did say leasing options start at $ 50 a month .
That 's just for the PortaBella , and currently wireless data cards run about $ 50 a month as well .
That means a total cost nearing $ 300 a month for 20 Gb of pretty fast , very mobile internet .
Those who need short - term mobile internet can turn to re-sellers such as Internet Anywhere .
Who else besides a traveling musician with an entourage would have need of such a thing ?
A small band could just use the Mifi 2200 which runs off Verizon 's wireless service .
Well , companies that can't get a wired connection , outdoor events , videographers streaming live video , and transportation services including commuter shuttles buses , ferries and passenger trains .
And , hell , if it 's good enough for Willie Nelson , it 's gonna be good enough for you .
See Also :
This is a very cool depiction of every space mission over the past 50 years , overlaid on one map of the solar system
Each line traces the path of a different space mission or satellite launch .
Notable missions ( including failures ) are included , as are those from different countries . . .
>
click for ginormous graph
Original image via National Geographic
http://books.nationalgeographic.com/map/map-day/index
via flickr
Totalüberwachung der realen und virtuellen Räume Florian Rötzer
Die EU setzt auf Rundumüberwachung , die Wissenschaftler sind dabei
Nach dem 11.9 .
wurde neben der normalen Rüstungsforschung die Entwicklung neuer Sicherheitstechniken zu einem boomenden Markt , dem sich nach dem Vorbild der USA auch andere Länder anschlossen , um den Wirtschaftsstandort zu sichern .
Terrordrohungen wurden damit zugleich zur Forschungs - und Wirtschaftsförderung ( " In Europa entsteht ein sicherheitsindustrieller Komplex ! " ) .
Deutschland legte auch ein entsprechendes Forschungsprogramm auf , die Europäische Union zog selbstverständlich auch mit ( Sicherheitsforschung für den " westlichen Lebensstil " ) und will mit dem Stockholm - Programm die Überwachung noch weiter ausbauen ( Stockholm Programm : Überwachung und Kontrolle ) .
Eines der von der EU geförderten Projekte namens Indect ist in diesem Jahr gestartet .
Forschungsinstitute aus 10 EU - Ländern erhalten fast 15 Millionen Euro bis 2013 .
In Deutschland nehmen die Bergische Universität Wuppertal , die Psi Transcom GmbH und die Innotec Data GmbH teil .
Unter der Leitung von Andrzej Czy?ewski von der Universität Danzig soll ein ehrgeiziges Überwachungsprogramm für urbane Umgebungen entwickelt werden , mit dem sich verdächtige Personen mit Überwachungskameras und anderen Sensoren im Stadtraum identifizieren und automatisch verfolgen lassen sollen .
Multimediale Inhalte sollen gesammelt und " intelligent " verarbeitet werden , um verdächtiges Verhalten zu erkennen und mehrere sich bewegende Personen verfolgen zu können .
Urbane Sicherheit war auch ein Thema auf dem letzten G8 - Gipfel in Italien .
Aber damit noch nicht genug .
Das " intelligent information system supporting observation , searching and detection for security of citizens in urban environment " soll etwa noch eine neuartige Suchmaschine zum Ergebnis haben , mit der sich Bilder und Videos etwa nach verdächtigen Personen durchsuchen lassen , während man auch das Internet überwachen und hier " kriminelle Aktivitäten und Bedrohungen erkennen " will .
Die Wissenschaftler wollen , so die Beschreibung des Forschungsprojekts , Agenten entwickeln , " kontinuierlich und automatisch öffentlich zugängliche Quellen wie Websites , Diskussionsforen , Usenet - Gruppen , Datenserver , P2P - Netzwerke sowie individuelle Computersysteme zu überwachen und so ein internetbasiertes , aktives und passives Datensystem zu konstruieren " .
Dabei soll auch die Bedeutung von Worten analysiert werden , selbst Stimmungen sollen irgendwie erfasst werden .
Das ist in den Zielen wohl ebenso überzogen wie das ehemalige US - Projekt Total Information Awareness .
Beunruhigend ist , dass solche Forschungsvorhaben , die jeden in den virtuellen und realen öffentlichen Räumen unter Generalverdacht stellen und schrankenlos alle verfügbaren Daten sammeln sollen , offenbar einfach durchgewinkt werden .
Beunruhigend ist ebenso , dass sich Wissenschaftler ohne große Diskussionen an solchen Projekten beteiligen .
Hauptsache Forschungsgelder werden eingeholt , Geld stinkt anscheinend nicht , verantwortlich ist man als Wissenschaftler nicht für die künftige Anwendung , auch wenn das mögliche Ergebnis sehr wohl stinkt und für ein totalitäres Regime erstrebenswert ist , aber nicht für demokratische Staaten .
Dazu kommt noch der höchst zweifelhafte Ansatz , im Vorlauf auf eine Rundumüberwachung der virtuellen und realen öffentlichen Räume aufgrund irgendwelcher Daten automatisch auf verdächtiges Verhalten oder verdächtige Personen zu schließen .
Indect ist nicht das einzige von der EU geförderte Projekt , das selbst höchst verdächtig ist .
Da gibt es beispielsweise noch Adabs ( Automatic Detection of Abnormal Behaviour and Threats in crowded Spaces ) unter schwedischer Leitung , das auch " anormales Verhalten " automatisch entdecken will .
Solche Programme zwingen zur Normalisierung des Verhaltens , das bislang straf - und zivilrechtlich und psychiatrisch durchgesetzt wird .
Jetzt kommen Rundumüberwachungsprojekte dazu , die auch Äußerungen , Gesten , Mimik , Körperhaltungen und was auch immer bewerten und nachrichtendienstlich markieren .
Ein Alptraum für jede Gesellschaft , die Freiheit und Bürgerrechte achtet .
( Florian Rötzer )
By David Reid
BBC Click
Italian bloggers went on strike in July to protest against government measures that they claim could kill the internet .
They say the Alfano decree restricts the rights of bloggers to express their opinions without fear of comeback .
Italians use the internet less than many other Western Europeans Demonstrators online and on the streets say the Italian government is trying to muzzle the internet .
If the Alfano decree becomes law , it would put websites on a par with newspapers , giving a right to reply to anyone who believes their reputation has been damaged by something published on the internet .
But critics say the law is so archaic it barely works in print .
Apply it online and it could kill free speech on the internet .
Hefty fines Alessandro Gilioli , a journalist and organiser of the blogging strike , says the measures could deter people from going online .
" They are discouraging the use of the internet , forcing all the bloggers to rectify any opinion that anybody thinks is hurting his honour or reputation and they are creating big fines , more than  10,000 ( £ 8,500 ) , if you do n't publish your rectification in two days .
" So that means that if a teenager stays two days away from the computer and he does n't rectify his opinion , he is going to pay  10,000 .
" That 's stupid and that 's incredible and overall that 's discouraging people to use the internet . "
The planned rules are not just about correcting factual errors .
They give anyone who feels their reputation has been damaged by an opinion the right to have their side heard within 48 hours .
The essence of blogging is that anyone with an opinion on almost anything can share it with everyone , which is why there are so many trenchant views out there .
So much so that most bloggers would dismiss as laughable an obligation to give a right to reply to anyone or any entity they criticise .
Unclear
If they write something false about me on a website , I have the right to see my opinion published
Francesco Pizzetti , Italy's Data Protection Authority
It is not clear if the law Italy 's senate will be voting on in the autumn will extend to bloggers , or , for that matter , who to ask about it .
The Italian Ministry of Justice did not take up Click 's request for an interview .
However Francesco Pizzetti , the president of Italy 's Data Protection Authority says he does not believe the law will apply to bloggers .
" I believe these norms are acceptable .
They just state that if they write something false about me on a website , I have the right to see my opinion published and my request for a correction published , " he said .
" I do n't believe they create a new obligation , so I do n't believe they concern bloggers .
It concerns the websites of newspapers and of the press generally . "
Supporters of the law say it is unfair that bloggers can dole out a verbal bludgeoning online without regulation or any journalistic obligation to be fair and balanced .
Critics say a summary fine in the thousands will not guarantee balance but silence .
Behind the times
These bloggers and the internet are the only escape valve for this information that is free from the control of the big industrial groups who own the newspapers
Marco Lillo , investigative journalist Italy 's Prime Minister , Silvio Berlusconi owns or heavily influences swathes of the country 's media .
Investigative journalist Marco Lillo sees Italy 's bloggers as vital for freedom of speech : " The fact is these bloggers and the internet are the only escape valve for this information that is free from the control of the big industrial groups who own the newspapers .
" They have commercial interests and often have to obtain authorisation and concessions from the government .
This means the web is the only place where the editor or journalist is independent .
The blogger is his own man . "
Italy appears to have a problem with the internet .
More than half the population has no web access and one source puts average usage at just two hours a week .
As the Alfano decree suggests , official attitudes to the web are fundamentally out of step with other Western countries .
You need an ID , for example , to log - on at a wi- fi hotspot , and there has even been talk of banning anonymity online and obliging bloggers to register with the government .
The Italian government 's uneasy attitude to the internet will likely have a chilling effect on the web 's development in the country , stifling a sector that has elsewhere proven so dynamic economically and politically .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
GlobalPittsburgh spotlights and accelerates international connections in the Greater Pittsburgh Region and around the world - sparking economic growth and cultural diversity by linking local people and organizations with incoming global leaders and international newcomers .
These connections are made through our main programs :
= Professional Exchanges - Hosting Delegations for the U.S. State Department & Other Organizations
= Membership Program - Engaging International Newcomers & Globally - Minded Local Residents
Membership has its benefits !
Check out our WEBSITE
For more information , call 412-392-4513 or send us an email to info@globalpittsburgh.org .
= Homestay Program for International Students & Visitors to the RegionMembership has its benefits !
Check out ourfor information on programs and member perks .
( CNN ) --
The chairwoman of the GOP in South Carolina is expected to seek a party resolution calling for the resignation of Gov. Mark Sanford , a source familiar with the plans told CNN .
S.C. Gov. Mark Sanford has been at the center of controversy since his admission of an affair .
Chairwoman Karen Floyd is expected to make the request during a 5 p.m. conference call Thursday with members of the state Republican executive committee .
The South Carolina Republican Party convened a similar conference call in July , which resulted in a vote to censure Sanford for " repeated failures to act in accordance " with the party 's core principles and beliefs .
However , the party did not ask Sanford to step down .
" Now is the time for healing for our great state , " Floyd said in a statement at the time .
Thursday 's conference call comes a day after a majority of the Republicans in the South Carolina House of Representatives wrote to Sanford demanding his resignation , saying in a letter that the governor 's actions " have been destructive to our state 's image on a worldwide stage . "
The governor called Wednesday 's letter " both unpersuasive and unsurprising , " and pointed out that many of his longtime critics signed the letter , even though several allies -- including Rep. Nathan Ballentine -- added their names .
Two weeks ago , the governor rejected his lieutenant governor 's request that he resign for the good of the state .
" I am not going to be railroaded out of this office by political opponents or folks that were never fans of mine in the first place , " Sanford said at a news conference to respond to Lt. Gov. Andre Bauer .
The embattled governor has said that most South Carolina residents have moved on from his admission in June that he had an extramarital affair with an Argentine woman , a disclosure that sparked investigations into his use of state resources .
Sanford has accused political rivals of continuing to stir up controversy .
All About Mark Sanford • South Carolina Republican Party • South Carolina
KABUL , Afghanistan 
The United Nations fired its No. 2 official in Afghanistan on Wednesday after the diplomat , Peter W. Galbraith , wrote a scathing letter accusing the head of the mission here of concealing election fraud that benefited the campaign of the incumbent president , Hamid Karzai .
The head of the mission , Kai Eide , angrily denied the accusation , and senior United Nations officials and diplomats said Secretary General Ban Ki-moon had decided to recall Mr. Galbraith because of irreconcilable differences with Mr. Eide , who is Norwegian .
“ He reaffirms his full support for his special representative , Kai Eide , ” said a terse statement attributed to Mr. Ban ’s spokesman .
The day before , Mr. Ban also expressed confidence in Mr. Galbraith in a news conference at the United Nations headquarters .
But the letter to Mr. Ban from Mr. Galbraith , the highest - ranking American official working for the United Nations in Afghanistan , made clear the depth of the animosity between Mr. Galbraith and Mr. Eide and illustrated the profound concerns that remain among some international observers that the presidential election was hopelessly undermined by fraud .
Investors , like everyone else , need to be ready for the post - American world .
For a century , America has dominated the world economy and world stock markets with no serious challenger .
But all that may be coming to an end faster than many people realize .
If Barack Obama gets a second term he may be the last American president to preside over the world 's largest economy , as measured in real terms .
The ...
Each of these failures will result in the Boost .
Python system throwing boost :: python::error_already_set .
In general , Boost .
Python reports all errors at the Python - to - C++ layer using error_already_set .
This means that it ’s much harder to ignore / not notice Python exceptions in C ++.
Some people might not like this as much as others , but , considering the ubiquity of exceptions in Python , it means that using Python code from C++ requires less mental translation .
In this example , the code inside the try block can fail in several ways that will result in Python exceptions :
Boost .
Python makes it much easier deal with Python exceptions in a consistent and uniform manner with the boost :: python::error_already_set exception .
This C++ exception is thrown whenever a Boost .
Python operation results in a Python exception being thrown .
Consider the following code :
Clearly , handling Python exceptions from C++ code requires diligence and consistent checking of error codes , and , really , who wants to deal with that ?
( A : C programmers , apparently . )
A more natural system is one in which Python exceptions are somehow converted to C++ exceptions at the Python - C++ boundary , and where exception propagation continues out of Python into C ++.
When calling Python code from C++ , one issue you will almost certainly have to deal with is handling exceptions thrown from the Python code .
Python exceptions are not exceptions in the C++- language sense .
That is , an exception thrown in Python code does not start stack unwinding in C++ or trigger catch blocks .
Rather , a Python exception is generally indicated by an error return value from a C - API function call , and information about the exception can be retrieved by yet more calls to the Python C- API .
Translating to Concrete Exception Types
When using Boost .
Python , the error_already_set exception means both
that it ’s easier to catch Python exceptions in C++ and that you ’re
more likely to do so ( since they ca n’t easily be ignored . )
Obviously ,
though , this is of limited usefulness if you ca n’t determine the real
nature of the error .
error_already_set is just a signal indicating
that something happened , and it does n’t tell you what happened
( i.e. the type of the exception . )
In order to figure out the original Python exception , you ’ll need to
use the Python C- API .
There are three functions that are particularly
useful in this situation :
PyErr_Fetch : Retrieves the current error indicators ( type , value , and traceback )
PyErr_Restore :
Sets the current error indicators
PyErr_GivenExceptionMatches : Determines if an exception object is
of a specified type
A simple recipe for translating Python exceptions into C++ works like
this :
Catch error_already_set , indicating that a Python exception has
been thrown
, indicating that a Python exception has been thrown Use PyErr_Fetch to get the error indicators , Python objects
describing the Python exception
to get the error indicators , Python objects describing the Python exception Use PyErr_GivenExceptionMatches to determine the type of the
Python exception
to determine the type of the Python exception
If the Python exception is not of a type that you want to
translate , you can keep the exception active with PyErr_Restore
and allow some other part of your code to handle it .
This is a very straightforward algorithm , and can form the basis for
more complex translation systems .
However , it is not without its
complexities .
Specifically , you need to be cognizant of the reference - counting
associated with the PyObjects retrived with PyErr_Fetch .
Each of these
references is owned by the caller after the call .
That is , their
ref - counts have been pre-incremented for the caller , and it ’s the
caller ’s responsibility to decrement the counts when done with
them .
This seems like a clear case where boost : : python : : object should
be used , right ?
Not so fast .
If you immediately wrap the results of PyErr_Fetch with
objects , you ’ll run into trouble if you try to use PyErr_Restore ,
which takes ownership of the PyObjects you pass it .
That is ,
PyErr_Restore assumes that you have pre-incremented the ref-counts
on the objects you pass in .
See the problem ?
A boost :: python::object
will try to decrement its ref-count when it destructs , but
PyErr_Restore wants the ref-count left alone .
The following code
shows the problem :
... catch ( const error_already_set& ) { PyObject *e , *v , *t ; // get the error indicators PyErr_Fetch ( &e , &v , &t ) ; // wrap them in objects to // ensure ref-count decrementing object e_obj ( handle < > ( e ) ) ; object v_obj ( handle < >( v ) ) ; object t_obj ( handle < >( t ) ) ; // do some work . . . //
We 've determined that we do n't // want to handle the exception , so // we reset it for later processing PyErr_Restore(e , v , t ) ; } // BOOM !
The problem is that when the objects ( e_obj , v_obj , and t_obj )
go out of scope , they decrement their ref-counts , taking them to
zero .
However , PyErr_Restore thinks that it owns the refs and
does the same thing , meaning that they get dec - ref ’d too many
times , resulting in big problems in the Python garbage collector .
But What About borrowed ?
A possible solution to the ref-counting problem above is to use
borrowed references when constructing the objects .
A borrowed
reference actually increments the reference count on construction , meaning
that PyErr_Restore would
have clean shared ownership of the the objects
when it was called .
However , this has the downside that you will have too many ( i.e. 2 ) references to the
objects if / when the Python exception is converted into a C++ exception ( or otherwise handled ) ,
i.e. when PyErr_Restore is not called .
In Memphis and Atlanta , two more raids and arrests - after a similarly brutal raid in Texas .
I do n't know any details about the Memphis case , but the Atlanta one seems to have been prompted by some guys dancing in their tighty - whities :
Numerous patrons at the Eagle at the time of the raid have recounted what they deem harassment and harsh treatment from police , including all patrons being forced to lie on the floor and being searched .
Several reported hearing anti-gay and racist comments during the raid ....
" I 'm dancing [ in underwear ] and what I think is a SWAT team comes in .
Some are telling me to stand still , some are telling me to get down .
It was big confusion , " he said Friday at the bar .
" The police were really tough , especially on our older customers .
I understand police have to be safe , but there was no reason for them to treat people the way they did especially when someone is 60 - 65 .
They were n't even helping them up after making them lay on the ground . "
Maybe these reports , after the near - death of another gay man attacked in a gay bar raid in Texas , are just random data points .
Or maybe , the Age of Obama is leading some to express their rage at the changing face of this country .
Gays , as so often , are among the first victims .
Vigilance is necessary .
For the first time in 16 years , the South does not have a native president in the White House .
For the first time in 45 years , we have a Democrat not from the South in the White House .
In trying to understand the passion and hysteria and anger out there , this may be worth taking into account .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
News posted by Ryan on August 9th , 2009 at 12:27 pm GMT
For the first time we can now get an in - depth glimpse at the music that ’ll be available in Brutal Legend , thanks to a playlist that ’s been posted on Electronic Arts ’ official Danish site .
You might want to check out the English translation to read the actual news post .
It ’s a pretty sweet list , featuring an extremely wide variety of sub -genres .
From what I can tell the tracks have been chosen quite smartly in that most will definitely appeal to those of us into metal , yet the many people playing Brutal Legend who are n’t should still be able to enjoy the lighter , more melodic tracks .
Presumably you ’ll be able to filter them by style through the Deuce ’s radio .
One thing to note is that EA ’s site introduces these tracks with the word “ including ” , which is an implication that there may be more tracks than this in the final cut once any licensing negotiations are done .
And of course let ’s not forget that the venerable Peter McConnell will be composing music for Brutal Legend , which we ’ve briefly heard during the cutscenes in the commentary videos .
Equally looking forward to hearing more of that , personally !
The full track list is below , and thanks to space observatory - eyed Potatoe Sam for letting us know about this so quickly .
Always a good idea to check BRUTAL !’s many comments for cutting - edge tidbits !
Brutal Legend track list
3 Inches of Blood : Deadly Sinners
Deadly Sinners 3 Inches of Blood : Destroy The Orcs
Destroy The Orcs Accept : Fast As A Shark
Fast As A Shark Angel Witch : Angel Witch
Angel Witch Anthrax : Metal Thrashing Mad
Metal Thrashing Mad Anvil : March of the Crabs
March of the Crabs Anvil : Tag Team
Tag Team Apostasy : Sulphur Injection
Sulphur Injection Bishop of Hexen : A Serpentine Grave
A Serpentine Grave Bishop of Hexen : The Somber Grounds of Truth
The Somber Grounds of Truth Black Sabbath : Children of the Grave
Children of the Grave Black Sabbath : Symptom of the Universe
Symptom of the Universe Black Sabbath : Never Say Die
Never Say Die Brocas
Helm : Cry of the Banshee
Cry of the Banshee Brocas Helm : Drink the Blood of the Priest
Drink the Blood of the Priest Budgie : Breadfan
Breadfan Budgie : Zoom Club
Zoom Club Candlemass : Witches
Witches Carcass : No Love Lost
No Love Lost Cloven Hoof : Nightstalker
Nightstalker Children of Bodom : Angels Do n’t Kill
Angels Don’t Kill Coroner : Skeleton on your Shoulder
Skeleton on your Shoulder Cradle of Filth : Her Ghost in the Fog
Her Ghost in the Fog Crimson Glory : Queen of the Masquerade
Queen of the Masquerade Dark Fortress : Insomnia
Insomnia Dark Tranquility : Cathode Ray Sunshine
Cathode Ray Sunshine Deathstars : Blitzkrieg
Blitzkrieg Def Leppard : Rock of Ages
Rock of Ages Dethklok : Mermaider
Mermaider Diamond Head : Am I Evil ?
Am I Evil ?
Dimmu Borgir : Progenies of the Great Apocalypse
Progenies of the Great Apocalypse Dokken : Mr. Scary
Mr. Scary Dragonforce : Through the Fire and Flames
Through the Fire and Flames Emperor : Thus Spake The Nightspirit
Thus Spake The Nightspirit Enslaved : Frost
Frost Enslaved : Loke
Loke Firehouse : Overnight Sensation
Overnight Sensation Girlschool : Bomber
Bomber Iced Earth : When the Night Falls
When the Night Falls Iced Earth : Pure Evil
Pure Evil In Flames : Goliaths Disarm Their Davids
Goliaths Disarm Their Davids Judas Priest : Battle Hymn
Battle Hymn Judas Priest : The Hellion / Electric Eye
The Hellion / Electric Eye Judas Priest : Leather Rebel
Leather Rebel Judas Priest : One Shot At Glory
One Shot At Glory Judas Priest : Painkiller
Painkiller Kabbage Boy : Girlfriend
Girlfriend KMFDM : Free Your Hate
Free Your Hate KMFDM : Rip The System
Rip The System King Diamond : Cremation
Cremation King Diamond : Welcome Home
Welcome Home Kiss : God of Thunder
God of Thunder Lita Ford : Betrayal
Betrayal Marilyn Manson : Beautiful People
Beautiful People Manowar : Die For Metal
Die For Metal Manowar : The Dawn Of Battle
The Dawn Of Battle Mastodon : Crack the Skye
Crack the Skye Mastodon : Oblivion Instrumental
Oblivion Instrumental Megadeth : High Speed Dirt
High Speed Dirt Megadeth : Tornado of Souls
Tornado of Souls Metal Church : Metal Church
Metal Church Michael Schenker : Group Assault Attack
Group Assault Attack Ministry : Stigmata
Stigmata Ministry : Thieves
Thieves Mirrorthrone : So Frail
So Frail Motley Crue : Dr. Feelgood
Dr. Feelgood Motley Crue : Kickstart My Heart
Kickstart My Heart Motley Crue : Live Wire
Live Wire Motorhead : Back at the Funny Farm
Back at the Funny Farm Motorhead : In the Black
In the Black Motorhead : Marching Off to War
Marching Off to War Motorhead : We Are the Road Crew
We Are the Road Crew Nitro : Machine Gun Eddie
Machine Gun Eddie Omen : The Axeman
The Axeman Ostrogoth : Queen of Desire
Queen of Desire Overkill : World of Hurt
World of Hurt Ozzy Osbourne : Believer
Believer Ozzy Osbourne : Mr. Crowley
Mr. Crowley Ozzy Osbourne : Diary of a Madman
Diary of a Madman Prong : Snap Your Fingers , Snap Your Neck
Snap Your Fingers , Snap Your Neck Quiet Riot : The Wild and the Young
The Wild and the Young Racer X : Technical Difficulties
Technical Difficulties Racer X : Y.R.O .
Y.R.O. Ratt : Lay It Down
Lay It Down Riot : Road Racin
Road Racin Riot : Narita
Narita Riot : Swords and Tequila
Swords and Tequila Rob Zombie : Superbeast
Superbeast Rotting Christ : Ad Notics
Ad Notics Running Wild : Riding the Storm
Riding the Storm Sanctuary : Battle Angels
Battle Angels Savatage : Hall of the Mountain King
Hall of the Mountain King Saxon : Wheels of Steel
Wheels of Steel Scorpions : Blackout
Blackout Scorpions : Holiday
Holiday Skeletonwitch : Soul Thrashing Black Sorcery
Soul Thrashing Black Sorcery Skid Row : Youth Gone Wild
Youth Gone Wild Slayer : Metal Storm / Face The Slayer
Metal Storm / Face The Slayer Slough Feg : Warriors Dawn
Warriors Dawn Static -X : Love Dump
Love Dump Tenacious D : Master Exploder
Master Exploder Tenacious D : The Metal
The Metal Testament : For The Glory Of
For The Glory Of Testament : More Than Meets The Eye
More Than Meets The Eye Tvangeste : Birth of the Hero
Birth of the Hero UFO : Rock Bottom
Rock Bottom Whitesnake : Still of the Night
Still of the Night Wrath of Killenstein : Ignisis Dance
Update
[ August 11th , 2009 at 9:31 am GMT+1 ]
Check out this video of Brutal Legend designer Tim Schafer solving a Rubik ’s Cube faster than the soundtrack can be read out loud .
Brutal !!
Update # 2
[ August 13th , 2009 at 1:23 pm GMT+1 ]
Tim Schafer has posted some additional thoughts about the video on the Double Fine blog , reiterating his supreme satisfaction with the soundtrack .
Refactoring : Ruby Edition is available ( and In Stock ) on amazon.com Sorry it took so long , I hope it is worth the wait .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Conventional wisdom says that the Kerry - Boxer clean energy bill faces a long uphill slog against unlikely odds .
Many Senators , especially those in the “ center , ” think it ’s unpopular .
They think it will raise prices during a recession .
They think it will unfairly hurt their states .
They see little political upside and lots of possible downside .
Here ’s the thing about Beltway CW , though : it always forecasts delay , difficulty , and failure .
And it ’s always right .
Until it ’s wrong .
As Al Gore is fond of saying , politics , like climate , is nonlinear .
An accretion of small changes can build beneath the surface of the news cycle and emerge unexpectedly as a rapid shift .
The odds in Vegas may still be against the bill , but there are reasons for cautious optimism .
Seven of them , actually .
1. Key Republican support is already in place , as Sen. Lindsey Graham takes to The New York Times editorial page with John Kerry to offer full - throated support for passing clean energy legislation this year :
It ’s true that we come from different parts of the country and represent different constituencies and that we supported different presidential candidates in 2008 .
We even have different accents .
But we speak with one voice in saying that the best way to make America stronger is to work together to address an urgent crisis facing the world .
Graham has been making noises , but this is thunder .
The Kerry bill will not be able to pass without at least a little Republican support giving cover to conservative Dems .
Graham is offering that cover early in the legislative process .
He ’s also made the price clear : more support for nuclear and offshore drilling .
That ’s odious , but less odious that it appears at first blush , and an affordable price relative to the benefits of passing a bill .
Snowe and Collins are likely yes votes .
With Graham so far out ahead on this , McCain may be shamed into joining him ( though he ’s far from a sure thing ) .
Together they could get a second hearing from other Senators like Isakson who love nuclear power .
( Alexander ’s probably a lost cause now that he ’s in leadership . )
Their combined influence , coupled with his longstanding relationship with Obama , could pull Lugar over .
In Florida , Crist could see this as part of his legacy and influence LeMieux to get behind it .
At some point you can imagine a snowball effect , though the odds of breaking five Republican yea votes are still fairly low .
2. Health care reform might just work out after all .
The Finance Committee finally passed a bill , it was scored favorably by the CBO , and floor debate approaches .
After what seems like an eternity , there ’s finally some consensus and momentum .
It ’s possible to imagine a bill passing in the next couple months .
When that train leaves the station it will ( finally ! ) free up much - needed Senate staff attention for when the clean energy train pulls in .
It will clear the deck for Finance to mark up the Kerry bill ( if Baucus decides he wants to , God help us all ) .
If a good healthcare bill is signed into law , it will have an enormous boost on morale and generate further momentum .
3 . The public wants this bill .
Conservative Dems are behind the times .
They have n’t been keeping up with the latest polling , which shows that clean energy reform is broadly popular , even in swing states .
Recent focus groups show that the right ’s “ energy tax ” attack is n’t working .
It gets crushed by the message that America needs to take control of its future , cut dependence on unfriendly countries , and create new jobs .
Americans want it to get done and they ’re willing to pay for it .
Clean energy in particular is wildly popular — a recent poll found that “ 77 % of Americans feel the federal government should make solar power development a national priority , including the financial support needed . ”
There ’s a good story to tell even about the most carbon intensive states .
They are protected in the bill by consumer rebates and allowance money for trade - exposed industries .
Every state has enormous potential for efficiency , and according to a new report :
At least three - fifths of the fifty states could meet all their internal electricity needs from renewable energy generated inside their borders .
Every state with a renewable energy mandate can meet it with in - state renewable fuels .
Clean energy reform has potential benefits for every state and area of the country .
It ’s a winning political issue .
4. International pressure is becoming intense .
Obama ’s Nobel Peace Prize can be seen , at least in part , as a reward for taking the U.S. in a new direction on climate change .
Accepting the prize will put him in Oslo on Dec. 10 , right next door to Copenhagen , just as international climate talks begin there .
Hint , hint .
Once upon a time the lack of action in China and other rapidly developing countries could be used as an excuse for delay in Congress , but that too is quickly changing .
China is moving .
Japan is moving .
Indonesia is moving .
Even India is moving ( see also ) .
Developing countries have made it clear that they ’re willing to be part of a global system of emission reductions .
Global green campaigns like 350.org and TckTckTck are building cross-cultural consensus around a set of baseline metrics .
Everyone is waiting for the U.S. to step up .
That puts enormous pressure on Obama to deliver the goods , which he ca n’t do without Senate support .
5 . The administration is engaged .
The administration has been criticized by greens for neglecting clean energy in favor of health care , and it ’s true that with the exception of his U.N. speech Obama has mostly focused his public remarks elsewhere .
Still , the accusation is n’t entirely fair : there ’s an extraordinary level of engagement on clean energy legislation at the cabinet level , probably more so than on health .
Browner , Chu , and Jackson have been advocating for the bill and meeting individually with Senators for months .
What ’s missing so far is the full force of Obama ’s personal popularity and persuasiveness , the most powerful forces in American politics .
Everyone agrees the outcome in the Senate will at least somewhat turn on the level of his involvement .
6 . Greens are getting their act together at last .
The formation of the Clean Energy Works coalition a month ago presaged a period of relatively happy media news for greens .
Some of it was the Chamber of Commerce stepping on rakes , but some credit goes to a more consistent message and concerted efforts to highlight stereotype - busting greens like veterans and business execs .
There are targeted ad campaigns , media stunts ( from groups like the Avaaz Action Factory , Greenpeace , and MoveOn ) , and a growing grassroots youth movement ( see : Energy Action Coalition ‘s PowerShift 09 ) making noise .
It ’s getting loud enough that even Congress can hear .
7 . The business community is divided , as recent defections from the Chamber of Commerce demonstrate .
More and more CEOs realize that the demographic they most covet — young people — cares about climate change , expects companies to be environmentally prudent , and expresses that opinion in purchasing decisions .
Being backwards on climate is bad branding and bad business .
Ten years ago , every hot - sh*t entrepreneur , engineer , and investor wanted to change the web .
Today they want to change the grid .
They understand that clean energy legislation will unlock enormous business opportunities .
Big companies want to get their hands on those opportunities , which is why they ’re actively lobbying for a bill .
When Chamber of Commerce president Thomas Donahue , a guy sitting comfortably at the center of an old boys network of long standing , finds himself offering defensive , incoherent pabulum on the subject of climate change and whining about big mean environmental groups … something has changed .
Given the brittle system by which legislation is passed in the U.S. , with all its chokepoints and 60 - vote mega-majority minimums , failure is always a safe bet .
Despite all the heated talk about what Obama must “ demand , ” the truth is that the fate of this bill ( and everything that hinges on it ) lies with a small handful of Senators , Republicans and conservative Democrats who are n’t accountable to him or his agenda .
Their political concerns are more idiosyncratic .
Nonetheless , there is a clear path from here to passage .
If everything goes right and the Senate is willing to step up to history , it could happen .
I guess we are never really ready for extreme temperatures , especially here in Romania .
When it 's cold , we moan it 's unbearably cold , when it 's hot , we ce ...
8 years ago
Qaddafi proposes abolishing Switzerland
A UN spokesman tells the Swiss News Agency that Libya submitted a proposal to the General Assembly calling for the dissolution of Switzerland last month .
The proposal was never accepted or circulated because the U.N. Charter prohibits countries from threatening the existance of other member states .
In case you had n’t gotten the message , Qaddafi really hates Switzerland :
Gaddafi first mentioned the idea of dismemberment during the G8 summit in Italy in July .
Switzerland “ is a world mafia and not a state ” , he said , adding that it was “ formed of an Italian community that should return to Italy , another German community that should return to Germany , and a third French community that should return to France ” .
The source of the Libya - Switzerland beef is an incident last year involving Qaddafi ’s ne ’er - do - well son Hannibal .
( See more about him in our list of the World ’s Worst Sons . )
The young Qaddafi was arrested at a hotel in Geneva for aggravated assault on two of his servants .
His father responded by lodging a formal diplomatic complaint , expelling Swiss diplomats , and shutting down Swiss - owned businesses in Libya .
Franco Origlia / Getty Images )
Michael Cera ?
Either that kid looks exactly like him , or believe it or not , Mr. Superbad himself is shopping at the Wal .
Colorado
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 8.3/10 ( 92 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : +10 ( from 12 votes )
The tragedy was in a field in St Fagans , on the outskirts of Cardiff A woman was trampled to death by cows when she tried to rescue her dog which ran into the herd , an inquest was told .
Anita Hinchey , 63 , was walking her dog with a friend through a field owned by the Earl of Plymouth estate in Cardiff when her pet ran off .
Mrs Hinchey , of St Georges - super - Ely , Vale of Glamorgan , walked into the cows to find her pet but was trapped and trampled on , the Cardiff inquest heard .
She died of multiple injuries .
The inquest was adjourned to a later date .
Mrs Hinchey and a friend had both been walking their dogs in the field in St Fagans , which neighbours the National History Museum , on Saturday .
Her friend became very nervous and put her dog on the lead ....
Mrs Hinchley did not and , as she attempted to retrieve her dog , she was trapped amongst the cows
Det Con Rya Cowan
The field , which runs alongside the southbound carriageway of the A4232 , does not have a designated footpath , the coroner was told .
Det Con Rya Cowan told the inquest : " Her friend became very nervous and put her dog on the lead .
" Mrs Hinchey did not and , as she attempted to retrieve her dog , she was trapped amongst the cows . "
The inquest heard that Ms Hinchey was among the herd when she slipped and was trampled .
The emergency services were alerted to the incident at 1619 BST .
Det Con Cowan said paramedic Robert John was first at the scene and he pronounced Ms Hinchey dead .
Her body was later formally identified by her daughter , Kim Beard .
South Wales Police are investigating the incident but earlier this week said there were no suspicious circumstances .
Rare attacks " This appears to be a tragic accident , " said Ch Insp Alun Morgan .
" Our thoughts are with the lady 's family , who have been informed . "
The Health and Safety Executive has interviewed the farmer who owns the cattle .
In June , 49 - year - old vet Liz Crowsley was trampled to death by a herd of cattle while walking the Pennine Way with her two dogs .
Two weeks earlier , former home secretary David Blunkett was left with a black eye and a cracked rib after being charged by a cow while on a walking holiday with his guide dog in the Peak District .
In both cases , the cows are thought to have been trying to drive off the dogs in order to protect calves .
Health and Safety Executive figures show that such attacks are rare .
Excluding the recent deaths , 18 people have been killed and 481 injured by cows in the past eight years .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This campaign for Sunnex Jeans ran in March 2007 .
There was a far more un - US - PC ( yeah , I just invented that acronym - combo , suck it up ) one that ran in 2 K as well .
Larger image 1
Larger image 2
Larger image of 3
Larger image of 4
Larger image of 5
He lived way out here , where it was just him and Alaska and to hell with everyone else .
Here he was alone but never lonely , did n’t even know what loneliness was .
Soon everyone would be gone for the [ #image : / photos / 54cbf812998d4de83ba39db4 ] year , even the grizzlies .
Days earlier , the place had crawled with bears , splashing through the streams , flipping boulders like dice .
Then the creeks slowed , the salmon run thinned , and they were gone .
As they did every October , the bears were heading deeper inland , toward their dark mountain lairs , where they would sleep through the long winter .
Only the stragglers remained here in Kaflia Bay , scrapping for what little food remained , hoping against hope that there was still a salmon or two in the creeks , or a few unpicked elderberries to be had somewhere between here and the mountains , among them a forbidding peak known as the Devil ’s Desk .
It was raining now and foggy .
Slate - gray storm clouds hung low over the bay .
Normally the water was so clear he could see straight to the rocky riverbed .
But with the gloom and the rain swirling in sheets , the water was gray , churning .
His hair was icy , almost crystalline , and his coat was soaked .
He had a toothache , and he was tired .
Even by his spotty hygienic standards — years in the Alaskan wilderness do that to you — he was filthy .
He was 28 but looked older .
Anyone who says nature is the fountain of youth has n’t lived in the wilds of southwestern Alaska , where winters test even those genetically adapted to endure them — from the indigenous peoples , the Alutiiq , to the caribou and the killer whales , the moose and the wolves , the seals and the sea lions .
But especially the bears .
For centuries , this corner of the subarctic has been known as Grizzly Country .
Of the estimated 32,000 grizzlies left in the United States , around 31,000 live in Alaska , where they are , in more ways than one , larger than life .
Known as Kodiaks , the bears on Kodiak Island are easily the world ’s largest , standing upwards of 11 feet tall and weighing as much as 1,500 pounds — the size of three Bengal tigers , five mountain gorillas , or eight men .
Even those who shoot them agree that grizzlies are wonders to behold , possessed of uncommon beauty and human - like qualities that border on the mystical .
For centuries , local tribes saw them as gods or shamans .
It was a worship born of fear , since grizzlies are the world ’s largest terrestrial predators , dominating the food chain with their power and size , speed and cunning .
Capable of dragging a moose up a mountain and devouring it entirely , a grizzly eats whatever he wants , whenever he wants — including , at times , other grizzlies .
He knew this better than most , having seen it happen year after year to victims bigger and tougher than he was .
As the sun disappeared , he moved slowly through the rain , shambling in that ungainly way of his .
That ’s when he saw them , lurking low and quiet in the alders .
There were two with strikingly similar features : both adults , both weather - beaten , both golden .
He ’d seen them before , especially the male , who until recently had traveled alone — had been a “ rogue . ”
Now , it seemed , the male had taken a mate , a small , pretty female .
Together they nested in a dense thicket of alders , near some of the age - old bear trails that crisscross Kaflia .
He approached them cautiously .
Inside their carefully constructed habitat , the golden pair stirred .
He stood upright , inhaling the cold air , eyes straining to see .
At this point , instinct took over and everything became a blur .
It was October in Alaska , and he was a bear .
Australia 's peak science body has earned a $ 200 million windfall - and counting - from its long - running patent battles with the world 's biggest computer companies .
The CSIRO yesterday delivered its best results in five years , recording a surplus of $ 122 million in the 2009 financial year - more than twice the size of last year's .
It had been budgeting for a $ 34.2 million loss .
Despite the economic downturn , the CSIRO earned $ 634.8 million in royalties from its own inventions - the largest amount it has ever recorded and a 74 per cent increase on just two years ago .
Much of this success relates to a patent granted to it in 1996 that the CSIRO argues is essential for setting up wireless networks .
It claims the technology is used in more than 800 million devices right now .
The CSIRO has spent years in court seeking royalties from any companies that incorporate the 802.11 wireless standard into their computers , laptops , routers and other products .
Parts of Africa are badly affected by hunger Targets to cut the number of hungry people in the world will not be met without greater international effort , UN food agencies have warned .
The UN 's annual report on global food security confirms that more than one billion people - a sixth of the world 's population - are undernourished .
It says the number of hungry people was growing before the economic crisis , which has made the situation worse .
The report comes ahead of World Food Day on Friday .
" No nation is immune and , as usual , it is the poorest countries and the poorest people that are suffering the most , " said the annual report of the UN's Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) and the World Food Programme .
The FAO says Asia and the Pacific has the largest number of hungry people - 642 million - followed by Sub -Saharan Africa with 265 million .
" FAO estimates that 1.02 billion people are undernourished worldwide in 2009 , " it said .
" This represents more hungry people than at any time since 1970 and a worsening of the unsatisfactory trends that were present even before the economic crisis . "
It added : " The World Food Summit target of reducing the number of undernourished people by half to no more than 420 million by 2015 will not be reached if the trends that prevailed before those crises continue . "
The report , released in Rome , says the economic downturn has reduced foreign aid and investment in poorer countries and cut remittances from those working abroad .
It says the loss of income is compounded by food prices that are " still relatively high " .
The UN agencies are urging international investment in agriculture and economic safety nets for poorer countries " despite financial constraints faced by governments around the world " .
FAO Director General Jacques Diouf is to present a " toolbox " for helping countries to fight hunger on Thursday .
Steepest increases The Global Hunger Index - a survey published by the International Food Policy Research Unit ( IFPRI ) - reveals that the Democratic Republic of Congo has seen the steepest rise in hunger since 1990 , followed by Burundi , the Comoros and Zimbabwe .
However , it says some countries have dramatically improved levels of malnutrition since 1990 , including Vietnam , Brazil , Saudi Arabia and Mexico .
The survey describes a " food price crisis " , with prices settling at levels too high for many people in developing countries .
The survey suggests that empowering more women in developing countries through education and better access to jobs is a key to reducing world hunger .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Description : Gotta love the boob slips on live TV .
This one is from a show called La Pupa and it features a babe by the name of Rosy Dilettuso .
Happy googling .
Views : 331416 Date : October 6 , 2009 Favorited : 27
Ministers face an embarrassing showdown in court after the European Commission accused Britain of failing to protect its citizens from secret surveillance on the internet .
The move adds to claims that Britain is creeping towards a Big Brother state and could end with the Government being forced to defend its policy on internet privacy in front of judges at the European Court of Justice .
The legal action is being brought over the use of controversial behavioural advertising services which were tested on BT 's internet customers without their consent to gather commercial information about their web - shopping habits .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Under the programme , the UK - listed company Phorm has developed technology that allows internet service providers ( ISPs ) to track what their users are doing online .
ISPs can then sell that information to media companies and advertisers , who can use it to place more relevant advertisements on websites the user subsequently visits .
The EU has accused Britain of turning a blind eye to the growth in this kind of internet marketing .
Ministers were warned by the EU in April that if the Government failed to combat internet data snooping it would face charges before the European Court of Justice .
The European Commission made it clear this week that it is unhappy with the Government 's response and began further legal action to force ministers to address the problem .
Commissioners are disappointed that there is still no independent national authority to supervise interception of communications .
Europe 's information commissioner Viviane Reding said that the aim of the Commission was to bring about a change in UK law .
" People 's privacy and the integrity of their personal data in the digital world is not only an important matter : it is a fundamental right , protected by European law , " she said .
" I therefore call on the UK authorities to change their national laws to ensure that British citizens fully benefit from the safeguards set out in EU law concerning confidentiality of electronic communications . "
The Commission said the UK had failed to comply with both the European e-Privacy Directive and the Data Protection Directive .
The Commission also criticised the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act ( Ripa ) as it does not require that people give informed , specific consent to their communications being intercepted for purposes such as behavioural advertising , while sanctions under Ripa only apply when unlawful interception is intentional rather than simply unlawful .
A Home Office spokesman confirmed it had received the Commission 's letter .
Ministers will respond to the letter when they have had time to consider it fully .
The Commission received its first complaints over the issue in April last year following BT 's trial .
Users complained to the UK data protection authority , and the police .
The Commission wrote to the UK authorities in July and , upon receiving its answers , " has concerns that there are structural problems in the way the UK has implemented EU rules " .
The City of London Police dropped an investigation of Phorm last year in relation to BT 's secret 2006 / 2007 trials because it would have cost too much money , been too complex and those taking part in the trials were curiously deemed to have given their " implied consent " .
The cutback in consumer spending is seriously impacting state budgets .
Here are a few recent headlines .
New York : Sales - tax revenue in counties , state continues steep drop
October 9 , 2009
ALBANY -- Sales - tax collections for counties and the state dropped 8.3 percent in the third quarter , a troubling sign for governments already struggling with higher costs and declining revenue .
The figures from July through September continue a precipitous drop in sales - tax revenue for governments and an indication that the economy is still struggling .
It 's the fourth consecutive quarter of sales - tax declines for the state .
What 's also troubling , government officials said , is that they hoped the third quarter would have marked improvement , particularly because of the popularity of the federal Cash for Clunkers program and back - to - school retail sales .
The third - quarter drop , though , was pronounced in some counties compared to the same period last year .
The lower sales - tax revenue has been a major factor in the state 's $ 3 billion mid-year budget gap , which Gov. David Paterson is trying to close with the Legislature .
Georgia
October 9 , 2009
ATLANTA ( AP ) Georgia tax collections dropped by about 16 percent in September over the same month last year , continuing a trend set in the first two months of the fiscal year , Gov. Sonny Perdue announced Thursday .
Net revenue collections for September were about $ 1.3 billion , compared to about $ 1.6 billion in September 2008 .
Three months into fiscal year 2010 , revenues are down about 14 percent compared to the first three months of last fiscal year .
" There 's still some weakness in the economy , which results in lower tax collections , both in sales tax and income tax , and that 's really affecting us , " said Perdue spokesman Bert Brantley .
But Brantley acknowledged that September 's revenue drop , which was as steep as the month before , can't be explained away by lingering refund checks from the last fiscal year .
" There 's not as clear of a reason why " for the drop in September , he said .
Texas
October 10 , 2009
State sales tax collections fell 12.5 percent last month , the eighth drop in a row .
Comptroller Susan Combs said Friday that the trend is likely to continue through the end of the year .
Iowa
October 7 , 2009
Tax collections will run about 7.1 percent lower than predicted last spring , new projections show , which means steep cuts to state spending are in Iowa ’s near future .
A three - member panel of experts called the Revenue Estimating Conference predicts state revenue this budget year will be $ 5.438 billion .
That ’s $ 414.9 million less than predicted in March .
“ It ’s dire .
It ’s severe .
It ’s probably the worst I ’ve seen , ” said REC member Holly Lyons .
The recession has shrunk state revenues across the country .
Today ’s news is that plunging tax revenues have knocked the state budget severely out of balance , just three months into the budget year .
Wisconsin
Sales - tax collections for the Miller Park stadium [ Milwaukee Brewer 's Baseball ] district plummeted 29 % in August compared with the same period last year and are now running 10.4 % behind a year ago .
Since 1996 , the 0.1 % Miller Park stadium tax has been a steady performer , generating millions of dollars to pay off the construction and financing of the Milwaukee Brewers ' ballpark .
The tax is collected from vendors in Milwaukee , Racine , Waukesha , Washington and Ozaukee counties , sent to the state Department of Revenue for processing , and then distributed to the stadium district .
But the Great Recession has had a dramatic impact ; only $ 1.96 million was distributed to the district in August , far below what had been forecast .
California
October 10 , 2009
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger will know within a month whether a $ 1.1 billion drop in revenue collections is part of a growing budget shortfall or an isolated event , his budget spokesman said .
Revenue in the three months ended Sept. 30 was 5.3 percent less than assumed in the $ 85 billion annual budget , state controller John Chiang reported yesterday .
Income tax receipts led the gap , as unemployment reached 12.2 percent in August .
“ The culprit here appears to be estimated quarterly personal income tax statements , ” H.D. Palmer , the governor ’s budget spokesman , said yesterday .
“ The numbers are cause for concern , but the issue now for us is to determine if this is a one - time event or whether it has more long - term implications . ”
The latest figures show that California is facing resurgent fiscal strains brought on by the U.S. recession .
Since February , Schwarzenegger and lawmakers have cut $ 32 billion from spending , raised taxes by $ 12.5 billion and covered $ 6 billion more with accounting gimmicks and borrowing .
Even with those actions , state budget officials predict an additional $ 38 billion in deficits in the next three fiscal years combined , including $ 7.4 billion in the year starting July 1 .
Kentucky
October 9 , 2009
Receipts to the state General Fund dropped 9.8 percent in September , compared to September 2008 , the Office of State Budget Director reported Friday .
“ There 's some reason for hope that we 'll see it balance out later this fiscal year , but it 's a dim prospect for the next budget cycle , ” said Rep. Rick Rand , the Bedford Democrat who is chairman of the House budget committee .
Sen . Bob Leeper , an independent from Paducah who is Rand ’s counterpart in the Senate , said “ the outlook is grim .
But we 've been preparing for it and preparing our constituents for a difficult time ahead . ”
If revenue does n't meet expectations , spending must be cut or other adjustments will have to be made .
“ Tax collections have been weak in the major sources of revenue that support the operations of government , ” State Budget Director Mary Lassiter said in the report .
“ Sales and use taxes and income taxes comprise nearly 75 percent of our General Fund tax revenues and have been declining for an extended period of time . ”
Indiana
October 9 , 2009
Indiana 's state tax collections are continuing to take a dive , prompting Gov. Mitch Daniels to warn Thursday that budget cuts that could include schools and employee layoffs might be needed soon .
Revenue for September was $ 166 million short of a May forecast that lawmakers and Daniels used to put together a new two - year budget that took effect July 1 .
Tax collections are down by $ 254 million for the first three months of this fiscal year — 8 percent less than forecast and 14 percent less than the state took in for the same period a year ago .
" Today is not a day to remove any option except we are not going to raise taxes on people who are strapped as it is , " he said .
" The job of keeping Indiana above water and solvent while other states are not are not getting any easier . "
" It is now very clear that the methods that have been used here , and in other states for that matter , are simply out of date , " Daniels said .
" My suspicion is a big part of the difference is that Americans , including Hoosiers , have shifted in their consumption patterns .
They are saving more and spending less , and I believe that is n't a very temporary phenomenon .
I think that is going to continue . "
Ding Ding Ding We Have A Winner
Family planning policy applauded
By Shan Juan ( China Daily )
Updated : 2009-10-21 08:11
China 's family planning policy received cautious praise at an international conference for its positive effects on the country , and even the world 's environment .
" China 's constant efforts to promote reproductive health have paid off , " Gill Greer , director general of the International Planned Parenthood Federation , told the fifth Asian Pacific Conference on Reproductive and Sexual Health and Rights which closed yesterday .
Since the introduction of the family planning policy three decades ago restricting most couples to one child , more than 400 million births in China have been prevented .
While this has led to a more rapidly aging population and an abnormally high ratio of male births , it has also , however , led to significant improvements in China 's life expectancy , education and per capita GDP .
" The ethical obligation of our generation to our children and grandchildren must include slowing the rapid population growth by meeting the unmet needs for family planning , " Malcolm Potts , director of the Public Health School of the University of California , Berkeley , told the conference , which closed in Beijing yesterday .
In recent years , China has replaced its focus on controlling its population with a comprehensive approach that includes the size of the population , along with its quality , structure and distribution , in one policy .
" China 's family planning program has made significant contributions to the stabilization of the world population , environment protection and energy savings , " said Zhao Baige , deputy director of the National Population and Family Planning Commission .
But Greer insisted that once people are given quality education , the size of family should be decided within the family itself .
" What really matters is not how many we are on the planet , but what we do - like we can choose not to drive a car , " Greer said .
" Every country makes its own policy , which , however , should be adjusted according to new situations , " she said .
To fine - tune its policy , the country now allows urban couples in large cities who are both only children to have two children .
However , a recent survey showed that 47 percent of urban Chinese still favor having just one child , mainly due to the high cost of raising a child .
Nearly 42 percent wanted two .
" Choices made by the people and their rights to reproductive health should be fully respected , " said Greer .
China is constantly enhancing sexual and reproductive health services for its huge migrant population , she added .
" The maternity health situation in China is among the best in the region and the government also provides a great variety of contraceptives for the public , " she said .
" Other countries can learn about these from China , " Greer said .
This is more than a rhetorical question .
The United States and several partner countries are preparing for talks with Iran .
Tehran ultimately wants to continue enriching uranium , and this will only be acceptable if the world can verify that no nuclear material is being diverted to a weapons program .
Verification will be difficult , however , if international inspectors could at any moment be accused of spying and taken prisoner .
Image Credit ...
Anthony Russo
If Mr. Bahari ’s experience is any indication , this could easily happen .
His arrest demonstrates that the regime tends to overreact when it feels threatened .
Iranian state media have printed a “ confession ” Mr. Bahari is said to have given at a news conference ( which seems never to have been broadcast ) .
In this confession he supposedly described the ways in which the Western news media had helped fuel unrest in Iran .
After an appearance at a show trial on Aug. 1 , he was presented at another news conference .
There he repeated some of the same things about how the Western news media had supported the West ’s plots .
He also apologized and asked for a pardon from the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Since then , nothing .
As the three - month anniversary of Mr. Bahari ’s arrest approaches , the outside world has an unusual opportunity to express its disapproval of Tehran ’s human - rights abuses .
On Sept. 23 , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is to speak at the United Nations General Assembly .
The Iranian president seems to love to appear before this audience of nations .
But it is outrageous that Mr. Ahmadinejad would come before this body even as his government is detaining a citizen of another country for nothing more than the pursuit of work as a journalist .
Mr. Ahmadinejad is likely to be greeted by protesters in New York , and as usual , he will dismiss them .
But this year the real protest should take place inside the chamber , with governments condemning the arbitrary and unjustified detention of a foreign journalist .
If Iran wants to be taken seriously on the world stage , it needs to adhere to international standards .
Journalists need to be free to report within the legal framework of the country .
Foreign governments need to be granted consular access to their citizens .
Prisoners need to be granted access to their lawyers , and either charged or released quickly .
An originally Dutch or Afrikaans ( South African ) word .
It used to be used only for food , as in tasty .
But now in slang it also means sexy or hot .
Often used to describe an attractive boy or girl
It might also be used just as a replacement of cool or sweet .
In this case , it is often followed by teh word man .
Probalably got adapted into the modern English language because of the South Africans .
Who hae more interactions with the British and American that the Netherlands has .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - The U.S. government is stepping up prosecutions of wealthy individuals dodging taxes through off - shore accounts , with new cases expected to be made public “ every couple of weeks , ” a top government attorney said on Saturday .
The logo of Swiss bank UBS can be seen outside its New York office August 12 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
U.S. officials have been sifting through about 250 client names obtained through a February settlement of a criminal probe against Swiss banking giant UBS AG , alleging the bank illegally helped U.S. taxpayers hide funds offshore .
That effort , along with an amnesty program encouraging tax evaders to turn themselves in , is speeding prosecutions , one of the top U.S. lawyers working on the cases at the U.S. Justice Department said .
“ You can expect a few every couple of weeks , ” Kevin Downing , a senior attorney in the tax division of the Department of Justice told an American Bar Association tax conference .
On the sidelines of the conference , Downing also told Reuters that U.S. banks that helped U.S. clients hide money off - shore are a target .
“ The folks in the United States that we get information on are obviously the easiest ones for us to pursue , ” he said .
“ So anybody in the U.S. ... the U.S. banks helping U.S. clients set these offshore accounts up , we are doing the same thing , ” in going after them , he said .
In August , UBS AG agreed to disclose the names of 4,450 American holders of secret accounts at the bank , ending a related lawsuit that has begun to show cracks in Switzerland ’s prized banking secrecy .
“ The UBS case has been a great success for the government , ” Downing said .
“ It is not an anomaly .
It is the beginning of what is now a resource - intensive , ” process of going after other banks and countries .
The government has secured six guilty pleas so far in its effort , including one on Friday , where a New Jersey man pleaded guilty for failing to report about $ 6.1 million he had held in a UBS AG Swiss bank account .
On a parallel track to the UBS case , the government last Monday extended a temporary amnesty program by three weeks to October 15 , to encourage wealthy Americans with undeclared assets abroad to come forward .
Those taking part in the amnesty program pay reduced penalties and generally avoid criminal prosecution .
Downing also said the government has “ made a lot of headway ” in dealing with foreign banks , Downing said .
“ Let your clients know if they think it ’s just UBS they are mistaken , ” he told the group of tax lawyers .
“ NOT ABOUT UBS ” OR IS IT ?
The UBS case and its ramifications dominated many discussions and spiced up what would arguably be a dry conference on taxation .
One moderator began his presentation , noting “ this is not going to be about UBS , ” though often the subject crept back in .
Another government lawyer working on the cases said the publicity of the UBS cases has engaged juries .
“ In today ’s environment when we are seeing criminal tax cases and prosecutions on the front pages of the newspapers almost daily ... the message is getting out , ” Jeff Neiman , an assistant U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Florida where much of the UBS cases are playing out , said .
Juries are paying attention and becoming more sympathetic , he said , “ especially in these tough economic times . ”
NASA Researchers Explore Lightning 's NO x -ious Impact on Pollution , Climate
x
x
2
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
Adam Voiland
Goddard Space Flight Center
Every year , scientists learn something new about the inner workings of lightning .
With satellites , they have discovered that more than 1.2 billion lightning flashes occur around the world every year .
( Rwanda has the most flashes per square kilometer , while flashes are rare in polar regions . )
Laboratory and field experiments have revealed that the core of some lightning bolts reaches 30,000 Kelvin ( 53,540 ºF ) , a temperature hot enough to instantly melt sand and break oxygen and nitrogen molecules into individual atoms .
And then there is this : each of those billion lightning flashes produces a puff of nitrogen oxide gas ( NO ) that reacts with sunlight and other gases in the atmosphere to produce ozone .
Near Earth ’s surface , ozone can harm human and plant health ; higher in the atmosphere , it is a potent greenhouse gas ; and in the stratosphere , its blocks cancer - causing ultraviolet radiation .
In 1827 , the German chemist Justin von Liebig first observed that lightning produced NO — scientific shorthand for a gaseous mixture of nitrogen and oxygen that includes nitric oxide ( NO ) and nitrogen dioxide ( NO ) .
Nearly two centuries later , the topic continues to attract the attention of scientists .
Fossil fuel combustion , microbes in the soil , lightning , and forest fires all produce NO .
Scientists think lightning 's contribution to Earth 's NObudget — probably about 10 percent — is relatively small compared to fossil fuel emissions .
Yet they have n't been sure whether global estimates of NOproduced by lightning are accurate .
" There 's still a lot of uncertainty about how much NOlightning produces , " said Kenneth Pickering , an atmospheric scientist who studies lightning at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. " Indeed , even recent published estimates of lightning 's global NOproduction still vary by as much as a factor of four .
We 're trying to narrow that uncertainty in order to improve the accuracy of both global climate models and regional air quality models .
" Using data gleaned from aircraft observations and satellites , Pickering and Goddard colleague Lesley
Ott recently took steps toward a better global estimate of lightning - produced NOand found that lightning may have a considerably stronger impact on the climate in the mid-latitudes and subtropics — and less on surface air quality — than previously thought .
According to a new paper by Ott and Pickering in the Journal of Geophysical Research , each flash of lightning on average in the several mid-latitude and subtropical thunderstorms studied turned 7 kilograms ( 15.4 pounds ) of nitrogen into chemically reactive NO .
" In other words , you could drive a new car across the United States more than 50 times and still produce less than half as much NOas an average lightning flash , " Ott estimated .
The results were published July .
When the researchers multiplied the number of lightning strokes worldwide by 7 kilograms , they found that the total amount of NOproduced by lightning per year is 8.6 terragrams , or 8.6 million metric tons .
" That 's somewhat high compared to previous estimates , " said Pickering .
More remarkable than the number , however , is where the NOis produced .
A decade ago , many researchers believed cloud - to - ground lightning produced far more NOper flash than intracloud lightning , which occurs within a cloud and far higher in the atmosphere .
The new evidence suggests that the two types of lightning produce approximately the same amount of NOper flash on average .
But since most lightning is intracloud , this suggests a great deal more NOis produced and remains higher in the atmosphere .
Compounding this effect , the research also shows that strong updrafts within thunderstorms help transfer lower level NOto higher altitudes in the atmosphere .
"
We 've really started to question some of our old assumptions as we 've gotten better at measuring lightning in the field , " said Ott .
The observations spring out of field projects conducted in Germany , Colorado , Florida , Kansas , and Oklahoma between 1985 and 2002 .
For example , in a NASA field campaign called the Cirrus Regional Study of Tropical Anvils and Cirrus Layers Florida – Florida Area Cirrus Experiment ( CRYSTAL - FACE ) aircraft flew headlong through anvil - shaped thunderheads to measure the anatomy of the thunderstorms .
Sensors sampled the pressure , humidity , temperature , wind , and the amount of trace gases such as NOand ozone .
Later ,
Ott input this data , as well as additional data from the U.S. National Lightning Detection Network and NASA 's Total Ozone Mapping Spectrometer ( TOMS ) , into a complex computer model that simulated the six storms and calculated the amount of NOthat the average flash of lightning produced .
With that number , she could then estimate the amount of NOthat lightning produces globally each year .
" One of the things we ’re trying to understand is how much ozone changes caused by lightning affect radiative forcing , and how that might translate into climate impacts , " said Pickering .
There 's a possibility that lightning could produce a feedback cycle that accelerates global warming .
" If a warming globe creates more thunderstorms , " Pickering noted , " that could lead to more NOproduction , which leads to more ozone , more radiative forcing , and more warming , " Pickering emphasizes that this is a theory , and while some global modeling studies suggest this is indeed the case , it has not yet been borne out by field observations .
The new findings also have implications for regional air quality models .
Scientists from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , for example , are already plugging the new numbers into a widely - used air quality model called the Community Multi- scale Air Quality Model .
" Lightning is one of the smaller factors for surface ozone levels , but in some cases a surge of ozone formed from lightning NOcould be enough to put a community out of compliance with EPA air quality standards during certain times of the year , " said Pickering .
Pickering offered one important caveat to the findings :
The value of 7 kilograms per flash was derived without consideration of lightning from storms in the tropics , where most of the Earth ’s lightning occurs .
Only very recently have data become available for tropical regions , he noted .
Ralph Lauren has apologized for Photoshopping the pelvis of a fashion model down to inhuman proportions .
Yesterday , we told you the tale of a recent Ralph Lauren magazine advert that takes the fashion world 's taste for emaciated bodies to new extremes :
Ralph Lauren Photoshoppery
After its debut , the ad was soon the source of ridicule on sites like PhotoshopDisasters and BoingBoing .
" Dude , her head 's bigger than her pelvis , " BoingBoing said .
At first , Ralph Lauren was anything but apologetic .
The fashion house promptly lobbed DMCA takedown notices at the service providers hosting the two sites , insisting they remove the image from their servers .
Never mind that such notices are complete nonsense .
BoingBoing and Canadian ISP Priority Colo refused to remove the image , and in the process , the blog could n't help but mock Ralph Lauren , its marketing arm , and its lawyers .
But at some point , Ralph Lauren had a rethink .
Speaking with The Daily Mail , the company has owned up to the shrinking pelvis .
" For over 42 years , we have built a brand based on quality and integrity , " reads the company 's statement .
" After further investigation , we have learned that we are responsible for the poor imaging and retouching that resulted in a very distorted image of a woman ’s body .
" We have addressed the problem and going forward will take every precaution to ensure that the calibre of our artwork represents our brand appropriately . "
No word on whether the fashion house has also learned that it 's responsible for its poor grasp of the DMCA . ®
Ozzy Osbourne has passed his driving test – 30 years after his first attempt .
The 60 - year - old rocker , who previously battled drink and drug addictions , is thrilled to finally get his licence but admits he can't remember how many times he failed his test .
The former Black Sabbath star - who took his first driving exam in 1974 - told Britain 's The Independent newspaper : " I 've lost count how many times .
I remember one time I was doing the three - point turn and I passed out because I 'd been to the doctor 's earlier and got some Valium for my nerves .
" Some examiners would say , ' I 'm not even f*** ing getting in the car with you ' . "
Although he is now allowed to get behind the wheel , Ozzy admits he has illegally driven with his wife Sharon Osbourne , 57 , on numerous occasions , and was once arrested .
He said : " I bought a brand new Mercedes AMG and took Sharon to Tramps club .
I drank a load of alcohol and then went down a one - way street the wrong way .
I got arrested .
It 's not everyday you go out in a brand new Mercedes and come home in a police van . "
Ungerechte Grundschullehrer " Kevin ist kein Name , sondern eine Diagnose "
Sophie und Alexander haben Glück : Ihre Lehrer halten sie für leistungsstärker als Kinder , die Chantal oder Justin heißen .
Eine Studie zeigt , dass Grundschulpädagogen Vorurteile gegen bestimmte Vornamen hegen - und manche Kinder deswegen sogar als besonders verhaltensauffällig einstufen .
The data loss worried those switching to cloud computing
Microsoft says it has now recovered the personal data lost when its Sidekick servers suffered an outage on 13 October .
The online service backs up contacts , photos , calendar appointments and other personal data stored on the mobile phones of Sidekick T Mobile customers .
Microsoft Corporate Vice President Roz
Ho says that all data will be restored , beginning with personal contacts .
She believes that only a minority of Sidekick users are still affected .
" The outage was caused by a system failure that created data loss in the core database and the back up , " she wrote in an open letter to customers .
The number of customers affected was not released , but Sidekick is believed to have more than one million subscribers overall .
Microsoft says it has installed a " more resilient back - up process " to safeguard against a repeat incident .
The issue has been seen by industry experts as the largest failing for cloud computing in recent memory .
" This is the most spectacular loss of data on the web to date , " Harry McCracken , editor of Technologizer.com told BBC
News at the time .
In matrix analysis , there are several different matrix norms that you might use depending on the context of your particular problem .
If you are treating the matrix as an operator acting on a the complex vector space Cn , then you would likely use the operator norm .
If you are considering the matrix as a density operator ( i.e. , if you ’re a quantum information nerd like me ) then you might want to use the trace norm .
If you just want something that ’s easy to calculate , you might be better off going with the Frobenius norm .
These are three of the most well - studied and well - used matrix norms , and they have one very important thing in common — they are unitarily invariant .
That is , if X ∈ M n , then
Unitarily - invariant norms are particularly “ nice ” in that they satisfy submultiplicativity as well as various other desirable properties .
Here I will present two particular families of unitarily - invariant norms , briefly discuss some of their applications , and then define a family of norms that encompass all of the other norms mentioned in this post as special cases .
Before proceeding , recall that for any matrix X ∈ M n we can define the absolute value | X| of X to be the positive matrix square root of X*X .
Then the singular values of X , s 1 ( X ) , s 2 ( X ) , … , s n ( X ) , are defined to be the eigenvalues of | X| .
Throughout this post we will assume that the singular values are ordered from largest to smallest ( this is pretty standard practice when dealing with singular values ) :
Ky Fan Norms
Given a natural number k such that 1 ≤ k ≤ n , the Ky Fan k- norm of a matrix X ∈ M n is defined to be the sum of the k largest singular values of X :
While Ky Fan norms are n’t extremely well - known , they have applications is matrix theory as well as quantum information theory .
For example , they have recently appeared in [ 1 ] as a tool for determining whether a linear map from M n to M m is k-positive , which is one of the difficult open problems in quantum information .
If P k ⊆ M n denotes the space of rank - k orthogonal projections ( i.e. , matrices such that P2 = P* = P ) , then it is not difficult to show that
Several properties of these norms are obvious from the definition — for example , the Ky Fan k- norm is upper - bounded by the Ky Fan ( k+1 ) - norm and each Ky Fan norm is unitarily - invariant .
One property that is n’t immediately obvious , however , is the following very cool result :
Fan Dominance Theorem [ 2 , Section IV.2 ] .
Let X , Y ∈ M n .
Then
if and only if
Schatten Norms
Given a real number p ≥ 1 , the Schatten p-norm of a matrix X ∈ M n is defined to be the standard vector p-norm of the vector of singular values of X :
There are numerous applications of Schatten norms in quantum information theory .
For example , they are used to define completely bounded norms for linear maps acting on matrices , which are probably the most important norms for maps in quantum information ( see [ 3 ] for a particular paper that deals with these norms ) .
As with the Ky Fan norms , the Schatten norms are unitarily - invariant and can be equivalently defined via an expression involving the trace :
One of the other nice properties of the Schatten p-norms is a modified submultiplicativity result , which states that if X , Y ∈ M n then
Everything In Between
We have now seen two families of norms based on the singular values of a matrix , both of which are very important in matrix analysis as well as quantum information theory .
The Ky Fan norms are given by summing the first k singular values , while the Schatten norms are given by computing the standard vector p-norm of the vector of singular values .
So why have I never seen the natural generalization of these two families of norms – the vector p-norm of the first k singular values – defined ?
( Update [ May 14 , 2012 ] :
See the comments for a few references that study these norms . )
Definition .
Let X ∈ M n , p ≥ 1 and 1 ≤ k ≤ n , with k a natural number .
Then I define the ( p , k ) - singular norm of X to be
Notice that these norms are also unitarily - invariant , and as with the previously - defined norms , they are given by a relatively simple trace expression :
One particular case of these norms – the p = 2 case – actually appeared implicitly in [ 1 ] , though they were referred to as Ky Fan norms .
I have also found a need for the p = 2 case of these norms in a recent project of mine that will hopefully be wrapped up in the next month or so .
I will finish by pointing out some special cases of this norm :
If we allow p = ∞ by taking the limit as p → ∞ in the above definition , then the ( ∞ , k ) - singular norm coincides with the standard operator norm , regardless of k .
When p = 1 , the ( 1,k ) - singular norm is exactly the Ky Fan k-norm .
When k = n , the ( p , n ) - singular norm is exactly the Schatten p-norm .
When p = 1 , k = n ( i.e. , the Schatten 1 - norm , which equals the Ky Fan n- norm ) , we recover exactly the trace norm .
When p = 2 , k = n ( i.e. , the Schatten 2 - norm ) , we recover exactly the Frobenius norm .
When p = 1 , k = 1 ( i.e. , the Ky Fan 1 - norm ) , we again obtain the operator norm .
References
Mitchell Signs 3 - Year Deal to Stay in SJ by San Jose Sharks Staff / San Jose Sharks
The San Jose Sharks have locked up center Torrey Mitchell with a three year deal that was announced on Tuesday .
Mitchell missed the entire 2008 - 09 regular season with a broken leg , but returned for four postseason games and provided a spark to the Sharks .
The newly signed contract is part of a fresh start for Mitchell that has him locked in with the Sharks for three years and he is excited for his first regular season game .
“ I ’m happy the business side has been squared again and am excited to get going again and to play a full season , ” said Mitchell .
“ I only played last year in the playoffs and it was just a taste . ”
For Mitchell , he missed the game he loves so much last year , but it served to remind him how much he missed the live action .
“ The four games I got into reminded me how much I missed the game , ” said Mitchell .
“ I got to compete a little , and getting that feeling has me more excited for this year . ”
Mitchell had extra motivation all year as he roomed with Devin Setoguchi and watched his teammate have a breakout year .
Watching his friend ’s accomplishments helped Mitchell keep a positive attitude during a harsh hockey season .
“ Staying with him made it better , ” said Mitchell .
“ He was always coming home in such a good mood that I could n’t be in a bad mood . ”
The two have been there to pick each other up on odd campaigns .
“ He had the frustrating first season and I had a frustrating second season , ” said Mitchell .
The frustrating part is over and now he can be part of the success on the ice with the teammates he is excited to spend the next three years with .
“ I ’m very excited to be here the next three years , ” said Mitchell .
“ It ’s a great organization to be a part of . ”
View Less
Red Pandas , also known as firefoxes , may be called pandas but are actually more closely related to raccoons than Giant Pandas .
However , watching the video below might lead you to believe they are most closely related to giant fluffy caterpillars .
The Calgary Zoo's newest little firefox , Keti , debuted last week .
Top DUI Attorney in Salt Lake City , Utah
If you are either under investigation for , have been arrested for a DUI or convicted of a misdemeanor or felony criminal offense in Bountiful , Ogden , Salt Lake City or anywhere in the state of Utah , it is important to speak with an experienced criminal defense attorney as soon as possible .
Utah Freedom Fighters
At Utah Freedom Fighters , we fight for the freedoms of individuals being investigated for , arrested for , or convicted of a wide range of criminal offenses in Salt Lake City .
Through dedicated and personal attention , as well as a personal commitment to each client , we are able to restore peace of mind and provide an effective criminal defense .
Our staff quickly responds to client calls , keeps them updated on the progress of their case and helps them make educated decisions throughout the process .
Since 2001 , Utah Freedom Fighters has established a successful track record of defending individuals in Salt Lake City , Utah .
Founding attorney , Sean Druyon , has formerly prosecuted , clerked for judges , has owned his own defense firm for the past decade , and has also been a special victim ’s attorney and a court - appointed Guardian ad Litem to represent children , which gives him a unique understanding of every player in the entire criminal process .
Having an experienced lawyer like Sean Druyon can make a significant difference in the outcome of your case .
Utah Practice Areas
Our Salt Lake City DUI attorney is experienced in many different areas of criminal defense .
In addition to drunk driving , some of the most common crimes we defend include :
Free Consultation With An Experienced Salt Lake City DUI Defense Attorney
If you are under investigation , have been charged with a DUI , want to clear your record , or you have any criminal records which prevent you from getting your driver ’s license from Utah Driver License Division , contact our Salt Lake City area law firm and schedule an appointment for a free initial consultation .
Fill out our online contact form or call us toll free at 866-262-6527
Have drug violation penalties , DUI , or Driver License revoked , or any criminal records in Salt Lake City , Utah ?
Druyon Law is your top criminal defense lawyer .
Karen Pauley just wrote about attending conferences that are not Perl specific .
I attended a few local non-Perl conferences and even gave talks about Perl and Parrot on some of these events but I never did it overseas .
FOSDEM is taking place every year in Brussels , Belgium .
The next conference will be 6 - 7 February 2010 and I plan to be there .
Apparently this is one of the biggest Open Source conference and as I 've heard there is hardly any Perl content .
So I am interested in this conference both for learning what people using other technologies talk about and also as an opportunity to promote Perl and projects written in Perl .
Conference Format
As I understand the format of the conference , there are two main tracks with 50 - minute long talks and two sessions of lightning talks in which each talk is 15 minutes long .
( Yeah , I know the Perl conference attendees are used to 5 - minute long lightning talks ) .
In addition there used to be developer rooms which are technology or field related tracks .
Each subject having a single room for the 2 days of the conference full of talks .
The idea of developer rooms is being reworked now , I 'll have to see how it changes .
The 4th thing they have at FOSDEM are the stands .
Each project can ask for a table and two chairs where they can talk to other people and show their stuff .
This is basically an organized form of the hallway track .
Plan I assume there wo n't be many Perl programmers so trying to fill a development room is probably not a good idea .
My plan is to submit one or two talks to the main track and to encourage more Perl developers to submit talks that can be interesting for people who are not yet Perl developers .
For example I can imagine a Catalyst talk and even a Moose talk if targeted well .
I also hope that there will be a few people who can offer talks in the developer rooms on how Perl is solving the particular problem .
For example I just saw on the FOSDEM mailing list a suggestion to organize an ODF developer room .
I hope someone from the perl community will be able to offer a talk about ODF .
Lastly I 'd like to setup a stand for Perl and related projects .
For that there should be about 5 - 10 people who can be at the stand part of the time talking to other open source developers .
( The organizers ask for two people at any given time at every stand ) .
Dave Cross has already submitted a talk and volunteered to be there part of that time .
If you are also interested , please let me know so I can see that there are going to be enough people for this .
Final Frontier : How Far Could Astronauts Go ?
How far can future astronauts go at nearly - light speed ?
Sept. 26 , 2009  --
How far could an astronaut travel in a lifetime ?
Billions of light years , it turns out .
But they ought to be careful when to apply the brakes on the return trip .
Ever since cosmologists discovered that the universe 's expansion is accelerating , many have wondered just how much this will constrain what we could see with telescopes in the future .
Distant regions of the universe will eventually be expanding so fast that light from any objects there can never reach us .
Likewise , dark energy -- the mysterious force behind the acceleration -- places a limit on human exploration of the universe , says Juliana Kwan at the University of Sydney in New South Wales , Australia , who has now refined this limit on our travels .
Even with rockets that could take us to within a whisker of light speed , expansion would still eventually leave us behind .
The furthest that light emitted from our sun today could reach , as it races in vain to outdo the accelerating expansion , currently lies around 15 billion light years away .
According to previous calculations by Jeremy Heyl of the University of British Columbia in Vancouver , a super - advanced rocket could get most of this way in a human lifetime .
Accelerating at around 9 meters ( 28 feet ) per second per second -- which would feel roughly like a comfortable 1 g -- a craft could get 99 per cent of the way to the expansion " horizon . "
To Infinity and Beyond
Despite the vast distance , this would take only about 50 years in the astronaut 's reference frame , because time would pass slower than on Earth due to relativity .
Now , in a paper to appear in Publications of the Astronomical Society of Australia , Kwan and her colleagues have found the trip could take even less time .
Based on the latest cosmological values for dark energy and other parameters , they showed an astronaut could make the journey in only 30 years .
But their calculations also suggest that returning home presents its own challenges .
Even slight uncertainties in the strength of dark energy or the total density of matter in the universe could cause a spacecraft to miss Earth by millions of light years .
Relativity : Could You Cross the Universe ?
Beginning the deceleration just a second too late could cause you to overshoot the Milky Way , Kwan says .
" You would effectively be lost in space . "
Still , even if you did stop in the right place , you 'd be disappointed .
Some 70 billion years would have elapsed back home , so the sun would long , long since have expired , taking Earth with it , and the surrounding view would appear mostly dark .
Adult female Bagheera kiplingi eats Beltian body harvested from ant - acacia Credit : R. L. Curry
( PhysOrg.com ) --
There are approximately 40,000 species of spiders in the world , all of which have been thought to be strict predators that feed on insects or other animals .
Now , scientists have found that a small Central American jumping spider has a uniquely different diet : the species Bagheera kiplingi feeds predominantly on plant food .
The research , led by Christopher Meehan of Villanova University and Eric Olson of Brandeis University , has revealed the extraordinary ecology and behavior in Bagheera kiplingi , which lives throughout much of Central America and southern Mexico .
There , the spider inhabits several species of acacia shrubs involved in a co-evolutionary mutualism with certain ants that has long been a staple of ecology textbooks : the ants fiercely guard the plants against most would - be herbivores , while the acacias provide both housing for the ants via swollen , hollow spines and food in the form of nectar ( excreted from glands at the base of each leaf ) and specialized leaf tips known as Beltian bodies .
The Bagheera spiders are " cheaters " in the ant - acacia system , stealing and eating both nectar and — most remarkably — Beltian bodies without helping to defend the plant .
The spiders get the job done through active avoidance of patrolling acacia- ants , relying on excellent eyesight , agility , and cognitive skills .
The research will appear in the October 13 issue of Current Biology , accompanied by a Dispatch article highlighting the study 's importance .
Co-author Olson first discovered herbivory by the spiders in Costa Rica in 2001 .
In 2007 , Meehan independently observed the same behaviors in a spider population in coastal Quintana Roo , south of Cancún , Mexico , during a field project for a Tropical Biology course taught by Villanova professor and study co-author Robert Curry .
The two research groups subsequently combined efforts to jointly publish the discovery .
The research also formed the basis of Meehan 's Masters degree from Villanova , completed in 2009 .
Adult female Bagheera kiplingi defends her nest against acacia - ant worker .
Credit : R. L. Curry
In the field , the researchers documented behavioral patterns through direct observations and high - definition video recordings .
Herbivory was especially clear in the Mexican population : Beltian bodies accounted for more than 90 % of 140 food items identified .
According to Meehan , " This is the first spider in the world known to deliberately ' hunt ' plant parts ; it is also the first found to go after plants as a primary food source . "
Spiders in Costa Rica more frequently supplemented plant food with animal prey items , including ant larvae .
" What surprised us most about discovering this spider 's extraordinary ecology was to find it on the ant- acacias , " according to Curry .
" This well - known mutualism has been studied by tropical ecologists for nearly 50 years , yet the spider 's role was not noticed until Olson 's discovery in 2001 .
We were lucky to find in Mexico an area where the spider is both exceptionally abundant and even more herbivorous than in Costa Rica . "
The researchers backed up their field observations with the results of laboratory analyses — conducted with the help of co-authors Matthew Reudink and Kurt Kyser of Queens University , Canada — of carbon and nitrogen isotopes for the various components of the ant - acacia system ( Beltian bodies , ants , Bagheera spiders ) and for other kinds of local spiders .
The ratio of 15N to 14N , which provides an indication of a species ' trophic position , showed that Bagheera kiplingi was more similar to the herbivorous acacia - ants than to any of the other spiders sampled .
Meanwhile , the ratio of 13C to 12C , which generally yields a match between an animal and its food , was almost identical for Bagheera spiders and the Beltian bodies .
Collectively , the data show that Bagheera kiplingi obtains most of its diet directly or indirectly from the ant - acacia plants , especially in México .
This research has broader implications , according to Meehan and Curry .
It shows that coevolution between an ant and a plant can result in the development of plant structures that may be especially vulnerable to exploitation by third parties , including species such as spiders that normally focus on completely different kinds of prey .
Also , Bagheera lives and nests on the acacia plants at very high densities , with hints of males helping to care for eggs and young , another behavior that is virtually unknown among spiders .
This suggests that the transition to herbivory in Bagheera may have strongly influenced the species ' social evolution , a possibility that the researchers are continuing to study .
Source : Villanova University
Explore further Mosquitoes supply spider with blood
" The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he does n't exist . " -- Baudelaire ( albeit embarrassingly via The Usual Suspects )
James Robertson asks :
So let me get this straight : DRM irritates paying customers , and prevents them from moving their music around as they want to .
Bad actors can move music around at will .
So ....
From a marketing perspective , exactly whose needs are met by DRM ?
The customer ?
No .
The seller ?
No .
Who then ?
RIAA members too stupid to read , perhaps ?
In many ways , the recording industry is the biggest dupe in the DRM wars .
They have repeatedly been sold , and have repeatedly bought heavily into copy - prevention schemes that do n't work , can't work , and only give more power to the DRM vendor .
Why does the record industry always cave in to Steve Jobs ' iTunes pricing model ?
Because the industry accepts it as a point of faith that they can't sell music online without DRM , and Steve controls the only DRM recognised by 80 % of portable digital music players .
You even hear this in the public rhetoric .
I 've lost count of the number of news articles criticising the iPod because it will " only play music purchased from the iTunes store " , ignoring completely the possibility of legally distributed , un-encumbered mp3 or AAC files , or of music ripped from the owner 's own CD collection .
Meanwhile , once you 've started buying music on iTunes , unless you start illegally breaking the DRM locks , your next DAP is going to have to be an iPod , and the one after , and the one after .
Remember when the iTunes Music Store was launched , and Apple 's public line on FairPlay was : " Yes , it 's DRM , but we fought so hard with the recording industry to make sure we can let you burn CDs and play music on multiple devices ! "
The greatest trick Apple pulled was to build a market where lock - in is mandated , but convince the world that this was something they did reluctantly , at the behest of the villainous recording industry .
