After hours of passionate testimony , trustees for San Jose ’s East Side Union High School District decided late Tuesday to layoff teachers and staff as well as charge students $ 200 a year to play after - school sports to balance a $ 23 million deficit .
In all , 129 classroom teachers will get layoff notices , starting Wednesday , to cover the 80 full - time teaching slots that ESUHSD needs to shed .
Some teachers may be rehired later this spring if older teachers retire , but many may be out of a job for the 2009 - 2010 school year .
Another 116 full time classified positions , which includes attendance clerks , computer technicians and custodians , will be eliminated .
Dozens of students , teachers , parents and community leaders lined up to speak before the board , which held its meeting at the Independence High School gym .
Many expressed outrage that California has slipped so far in preparing young people for the future .
“ We have a state that pretends to fund education , and a district that pretends to offer quality programs , ” said John Blair , a teacher at Evergreen Valley High School .
“ We have overcrowded classrooms and no libraries . ”
Superintendent Bob Nuñez admitted that the deep cuts will have an enormous impact on schools and students .
“ Certain things just wo n’t get done anymore because we wo n’t have the staff , ” he said .
For years , each of the district ’s 11 high schools has had a computer technician who was on call to help teachers and students troubleshoot computer problems .
But under the plan approved Tuesday night , 8 of 14 computer techs will be cut – meaning that one tech will now be responsible for hundreds of computers at two different campuses .
“ This is one of the saddest days in the East Side ’s history , ” said Omar Gutierrez , a computer technician in the district office , who is worried he may get laid off .
“ We have over 9,000 computers in this district .
Who ’s going to fix the printer when it ’s not working ?
In the long run , cutting staff will cost the district more money . ”
Most of the pain wo n’t be felt until the 2009 - 2010 school year , when the layoffs and new fees go into effect .
And many wild cards – including how much money ESUHSD will get from the federal stimulus package – remain up in the air .
School board President Patricia Martinez - Roach voted against the layoffs of teachers and classified staff , saying deeper cuts should be made in the administrative ranks .
Trustees J. Manuel Herrera , Frank Biehl , Lan Nguyen and Eddie Garcia voted for it , saying they had little choice but to balance the budget .
“ I feel the pain in people ’s faces , ” said trustee Eddie Garcia .
“ But we have a $ 23 million hole to close .
The easy way out is to vote no , so you can all stand up and cheer .
The tough vote is to vote yes . ”
By 11 p.m. , dozens of parents and students remained at the gymnasium to discuss the future of swimming , water polo and the athletics program overall .
Trustees have now adopted a plan that essentially makes athletics completely self - funded and dependent on the passion of 6,300 student athletes .
In addition to a $ 200 annual “ pay - to - play ” fee to play sports , students must also raise at least $ 500,000 on their own by selling discount cards , coupon books , sports memorabilia and tickets to the San Jose Earthquakes soccer and Oakland Raiders football games .
Given the national recession , several speakers questioned whether students could meet the fundraising goal .
Several students said they could not afford the $ 200 fee .
Trustees were quick to characterize the $ 200 charge as a “ voluntary ” donation , but it ’s unclear if a student who ca n’t afford to pay could be banned from participating in sports .
“ My family is low - income , and $ 200 is too much money .
I ’m worried because I want to go to college , and I need to participate in sports so I have a strong application , ” said Tuyet Dang , a junior who plays badminton at Oak Grove High School .
Nuñez estimates the $ 200 annual fee would raise $ 1.26 million each year from the district ’s 6,300 student - athletes .
“ You are really rolling the dice , ” said Davain Martinez , a cross-country runner at Piedmont Hills High .
“ If you set the fee , it will narrow the number of kids who actually play ; $ 200 is a lot to pay . ”
With more than 26,000 students and 11 high schools , the sprawling East Side district is one of the largest high school districts in California .
And like districts throughout the state , East Side must slice huge chunks from its budget because of the state ’s fiscal crisis .
Nuñez created statewide headlines in December when he warned that the district might have to eliminate high school sports completely .
That dramatic scenario was later revised : Sports like soccer and football would be spared , he said , but the district would close high school pools and eliminate after - school aquatics .
That plan so infuriated the families of swimmers and water polo players , however , that Nuñez is now calling for pools to be open for only part of the year , to save an estimated $ 1.3 million in heating and maintenance costs .
Contact Dana Hull at dhull@mercurynews.com or ( 408 ) 920-2706 .
DVCS and DAGs , Part 2
In Part 1 of this article , I talked about the differences between modeling version control history as a DAG vs. a Line .
The two most noteworthy kinds of feedback I received on this entry were :
Several people accused me of spreading pro-Line - model FUD because I mentioned some of the problems that happen with the DAG model and stopped short of saying that the DAG model is going to cure cancer , eliminate global warming and bring peace to the Middle East .
Several people asked me how I drew those really cool diagrams .
Before I continue with Part 2 , allow me to briefly respond to these two pieces of feedback .
My response about DVCS advocacy
Yes , my company ships a version control tool that is built on the Line model of history .
Therefore , any DVCS is , to a certain extent , a competitor to my product .
I further acknowledge that I am breaking the rules .
Business folks like me are n't supposed to ever say anything positive about their competitors .
say anything positive about their competitors .
Our job is to feel threatened by change , and to spread that fear around to others .
We 're supposed to pretend like we do n't know that every design choice has tradeoffs , and to insist that our way is better in all situations .
As my Mother can confirm , I do n't always follow the rules very well . :-)
The simple fact is that I find this stuff interesting .
I have been working in the version control industry for over a decade .
I am writing a book on the topic .
This is what I do .
It 's interesting to me .
Really .
But there is more happening here than just me being an entrepreneurial rebel .
Let 's see -- how can I say this nicely ?
You Git fans need to chill .
Seriously , rabid advocacy by Git fans is making the world a lousy place to live .
Git is really cool , but it is not the right tool for every situation .
In their defense , let 's acknowledge that the apple did n't fall far from the tree on this particular issue .
When people begin exploring DVCS , often one of the first things they find is the video of Linus Torvalds and his 2007 presentation about Git .
And what they find there is someone who does n't seem to get it .
Folks , Subversion is probably the most popular version control tool in the world right now .
Almost everyone using a version control tool today is using one that is built on the Line model of history , and they 're using these tools successfully and productively .
When someone refuses to acknowledge any validity in that model , they look clueless .
The Torvalds video has done plenty of damage .
That kind of attitude is a big turn - off for people interested in what 's new in the world of version control .
So , my fellow admirers of Git , if you are trying to prevent people from using DVCS tools and make sure that they stay confined to their current niches , then keep up the good work .
But if you really want to help the world see the benefits of Git and similar tools , then start realizing that people were getting productive work done before they existed .
My response about those cool diagrams
My DAG pictures were drawn by SourceGear 's graphic artist , John Woolley , who also did all the artwork for the Evil Mastermind comic books .
John is doing the layout and illustration work for my upcoming source control book as well .
However , because John 's DAG pictures got more praise than my " thousand words " , I have decided to be bitter and refuse to include any of his work in this blog entry . :-)
OK , let 's talk more about DAGs
As I mentioned in Part 1 , if a DAG is allowed to grow without guidance , things can turn into a real mess .
DAGs are easier to create .
Lines are easier to use .
As soon as we embrace the DAG model to gain all its benefits , the very next thing that happens is that we want Lines back .
This is why every DVCS has features that can be used to make sure the DAG grows with guidance .
Those features are designed to discourage people from committing without taking any responsibility for the complexity that increases every time we add another point of divergence .
In other words , every DVCS has features that allow developers to take a piece of the DAG and treat it like a Line .
Git
Git guides the growth of the DAG through its support for named branches .
You are discouraged from committing something unless its parent is a leaf .
So , if I use the git checkout command to point my working directory to a DAG node which is not a leaf , Git politely fusses at me :
eric$ git checkout 9542 b
Note : moving to " 9542 b " which is n't a local branch
If you want to create a new branch from this checkout , you may do so
( now or later ) by using -b with the checkout command again .
Example :
git checkout - b < new_branch_name >
HEAD is now at 9542b5 f ... initial
If you only commit things that are based on the leaf , then your history stays very Line - like .
Mercurial
Historically , Mercurial has been described as supporting only one branch per repository instance .
Comparisons to Git often focused on Mercurial 's apparent lack of inter-repository branching .
I speak in the past tense here because I have heard that Mercurial has added additional features in this area .
I mention Mercurial here only so that its fans do n't feel too left out .
I can't speak from much experience using this particular tool .
Still , I feel comfortable citing Mercurial as an example of my point :
In [ at least ] its early releases , Mercurial was guiding the growth of the DAG by preventing the user from diverging it .
This almost certainly contributed to the widespread perception of Mercurial as a very easy - to - use tool .
Bazaar
This tool is the DVCS I have used the most , but I still can't call myself an expert .
From my own experience , I would characterize Bzr as a tool that works very hard to guide the growth of the DAG .
Whenever I push changes from my local repo to a central server , Bzr requires me to merge in other changes and commit from the leaf , just like a Line model tool would do .
It 's rather cool that Bazaar offers me the option of using a central server instead of as a pure DVCS .
But in this mode , the same basic restriction applies : I can't commit anything unless my baseline is the leaf in the repo .
When I use Bzr , it usually feels like I am using a Line - model tool .
My own preferences
On this particular issue , I actually prefer Git 's way of doing things .
Bazaar seems to believe that DAG divergence is only legitimate when it happens in separate repo instances and must be resolved before anything can be pushed or committed together .
This just feels too heavy - handed for a DVCS .
Once I know about the DAG , I want to be allowed to think that way .
I do n't mind being warned when I am about to commit a DAG node which would have an older sibling .
But forcing me to merge in order to commit feels very un -DVCS - like to me .
I like Git 's ability to switch my baseline using " git checkout branchname " .
I understand that people who are not accustomed to thinking about the DAG do find this capability to be unintuitive .
But I like it .
Note that I still like Line - model tools like Subversion and Vault as well .
I 'm just saying that a DAG - model tool should act like one .
Fossil
Lately , the DVCS which intrigues me the most is Fossil .
It was written by D. Richard Hipp , the same guy who wrote SQLite .
Fossil has a number of interesting features .
Most notable is the built - in support for bug tracking .
This is one area where the other DVCS 's all fail .
They bring you distributed version control , but when it comes time for a developer to update the bug tracking system , things suddenly go back to the centralized world .
Anyway , I 'm just getting started with looking closely at Fossil , but I do like the way its website talks about this problem of DAG divergence :
Having more than one leaf in the check - in tree is usually considered undesirable , and so forks are usually either avoided entirely , as in figure 1 , or else quickly resolved as shown in figure 3 .
But sometimes , one does want to have multiple leaves .
For example , a project might have one leaf that is the latest version of the project under development and another leaf that is the latest version that has been tested .
When multiple leaves are desirable , we call the phenomenon branching instead of forking .
Nice .
So far , I get the impression that Fossil works like Git does in this respect .
When the DAG diverges , complexity increases .
Feel free to offer me a little protection from that complexity by informing me of what 's going on .
But do n't get in my way .
Now , Mr. Obama is in a tough spot .
If he supports the personnel office on denying benefits to the San Francisco court employees , he risks agitating liberal groups that helped him win election .
If he supports the judges and challenges the marriage act , he risks alienating Republicans with whom he is seeking to work on economic , health care and numerous other matters .
Already , some gay rights groups remain upset over Mr. Obama ’s choice of the Rev. Rick Warren , an opponent of same - sex marriage , to give the invocation at his inauguration .
Liberal groups also believe that Mr. Obama has not moved fast enough to reverse the policies of his predecessor on issues like detention and interrogation of terrorism suspects .
In a letter on Feb. 20 to the Administrative Office of the United States Courts , an arm of the federal judiciary , Lorraine E. Dettman , assistant director of the personnel office , said , “ Plans in the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program may not provide coverage for domestic partners , or legally married partners of the same sex , even though recognized by state law . ”
Benefits are available to the spouse of a federal employee , Ms. Dettman said , but the 1996 law stipulates that “ the word ‘ spouse ’ refers only to a person of the opposite sex who is a husband or a wife . ”
Federal officials said they had to follow the laws on the books .
But Richard Socarides , a New York lawyer who was an adviser to President Bill Clinton on gay issues , said he believed that Mr. Obama “ has broad discretionary authority to find ways to ameliorate some of the more blatant examples of discrimination . ”
☼☼ Click through any picture for a greatly enlarged version .
All the images have been extensively background cleaned according to the " less is more " and " when in doubt , do n't " philosophies of restoration . ☼☼
These extraordinary illustrations come from one of two journals kept by a German recruit to the Dutch East India Company ( VOC ) .
Jörg Franz Müller was a gunsmith from Alsace who enlisted as a midshipman aboard VOC vessels that sailed between Europe and Batavia [ in Indonesia ] from 1669 to 1682 .
The imaginative renderings of peoples , animals and plants from Asia and Africa make up for their lack of strict accuracy with an endearing naive style .
It 's likely that Müller had at least seen ( if not attempted to reproduce drawings remembered from ) some earlier natural history works containing fanciful creatures .
Although there is little around in english online about this work , there is mention of Müller being aboard vessels taking exotic creatures in cages back to Holland , so he definitely had access to specimens .
This unfortunate incident was filmed by two tourists in Munnar , India .
Mr. Ali Nawazish of Rawalpindi has broken a world record by passing 23 A - levels in subjects including pure mathematics , Chemistry , Physics and Sociology .
The 18 year old received 21 A grades and a B and a C , and will be a part of the Guinness Book of World Records .
He has opted to study Computer Science at Cambridge University .
He studied at Rawalpindi ’s Roots College International . “
He appeared in these exams through London ’s Ed-Excel and Cambridge International Examinations .
“ I set myself no plans and at one point I found myself studying one subject for five minutes before switching to the other and then the next and so on . ”
The Daily Mail added , “ Ali also achieved a top score in the U.S. admissions test and was accepted by most Ivy League institutions , including Harvard and Yale .
Apart from core science subjects he is self taught .
He studied for up to 12 hours a day , using energy drinks to help concentrate . ”
Pakistan has been marred by bad economic and political news .
It is therefore a welcome change when one hears of something so positive about Pakistan .
It shows that our country has the potential of competing at the highest if we put our minds to it .
Congratulations Ali !
You ’ve done all of us proud and may your example inspire Pakistanis , both and abroad , to excel in every field and bring more laurels to Pakistan .
As a wise man once said : a nation is true potential is not judged by its sword but the pen of its scholar .
Pakistan Zindabad !
Obama 's America is a fractious , apprehensive country .
There may be a freshly elected administration but , despite the new leader 's vaunting rhetoric appealing to unity and reflecting the evident concern of ordinary Americans , the political and financial elite are reluctant to rally to a common cause .
The ideological divides that have racked the US remain as entrenched as ever .
Obama may be a champion of the importance of government , but he and the Democrats have a long battle to convert a political victory into an intellectual one .
Yet almost every block in New York , like everywhere else in the US , has shops closing down as visible evidence of an ever deepening recession - and the need for wholesale change in the way the US is economically governed .
Last week should have been triumphant .
The president won congressional agreement for his record near $ 800 bn economic stimulus package , which , despite all the horse - trading , still contains enough worthwhile " shovel ready " infrastructure , energy and environmental spending to give the US economy a much - needed boost .
Meanwhile , treasury secretary Tim Geithner signalled his intent to trigger up to $ 2.5 trillion in public and private spending to restore the US financial system to health - unfortunately he knew not how .
This was the Big Beasts mobilising resources on a mega scale .
In British terms , it was as if Alistair Darling had found £ 90bn on top of already record borrowing to boost the economy - and more than £ 200bn to address the British financial crisis .
Yet neither was received well , in part because the Obama team is ill adept at getting beyond the slogans - such as the need to create 3.5 million jobs - and explaining how and why .
They need to .
The familiar arguments in Britain about the prudence of huge borrowing are replayed here with even more passion .
Fiscal conservatism is a creed adopted with religious fervour ; a Washington conservative prayer breakfast is never complete without devotees invoking God to curb public spending , lower taxes and eliminate borrowing .
Even the normally sane John McCain called the package " generational theft " .
On the face of it , the numbers are scary ; a budget deficit , including the spending on the banks , that will approach 14 % of GDP in 2009 / 10 .
Such is the result of a toxic combination : Bush 's outrageous legacy ; the breaking of banks ; and the need for the government to spend when the American consumer , unnerved by a collapsed property market and spreading gloom , is not .
To build a bridge from here to where the US needs to be requires economic daring and a bold belief in the future .
Obama is good - and he showed just what a formidable force he is when he took to the road to sell his economic package .
But what is beginning to look doubtful is whether he can build around him a buttressing team who share the same passion and capacity as President Roosevelt had in similar economic circumstances .
Obama has no equivalent of Roosevelt 's two key lieutenants , Harry Hopkins , who led the fight for work , or Jesse Jones , who took on rebuilding the financial system .
Instead he is resolutely following his hero Abraham Lincoln , trying vainly to build a cabinet of all the talents .
Apparently he gives every new cabinet member Doris Kearns Goodwin 's biography of Lincoln , Team of Rivals .
But Lincoln had a majestic moral cause - the abolition of slavery - before which even political rivals buried their differences .
There is a great cause now , but for conservatives , the moral threat of Big Government exceeds even that of capitalism .
Obama has to challenge them rather than charm them .
And he needs some can - do allies .
An indicator of the dangers he runs came last week when a Republican nominee he had named for commerce secretary , Senator Judd Gregg , captured the headlines when he suddenly withdrew his nomination .
Gregg explained that he could not work alongside colleagues committed to spending , tax cuts and consequential borrowing that he considered entirely wrong .
It is this incapacity to trump the voodoo belief systems that have laid the US and world so low that is so dismaying and dispiriting .
We are living through nothing less than the disintegration of the global financial system , shattering the western banking systems ' capacity to lend .
The risk is growing of a worldwide debt deflation .
The west 's governments have no choice but to put their balance sheets behind their broken banks and to make good the consumer demand that is no longer there via fiscal policy .
They may even collectively have to print money , much more effectively done together than separately .
Yet conservatives deny these truths .
The acute problem is that , although the old order and ideas do not work , there is no consensus on what the new order and ideas will be .
The lack of coherence is plaguing these early weeks of Obama 's drive for economic recovery .
Thus Geithner 's disappointing speech last Tuesday setting out the next steps in his financial recovery programme , and then stone - walling the senate budget committee the following day .
The administration wants to act decisively along the same lines as Sweden in the early 1990s in putting its banking system back on its feet .
But it hesitates to nationalise banks as Sweden did .
And it hesitates to commit what could be 14 % of American GDP in creating a " bad bank " to take over crippling toxic debt as the Swedes did .
It wants the same ends , but cheaper - an intellectual challenge too far .
Geithner 's solution is to enlist the private sector but even in partnership with the government , the trouble is that there is no way any scheme can buy bad loans and toxic assets for any one bank without negotiating their price .
The resulting valuation will become a benchmark for all banks , and thus reveal the potential total losses for the overall system .
These are stunning .
The IMF says they could be $ 2.2 trillion ; New York University 's Professor Nouriel Roubini , whose forecasts of the extent of the crisis have proved accurate so far , last week released figures suggesting that , assuming another 20 % fall in house prices , the number could be as high $ 3.5 trillion .
He declared that the " US banking system is effectively insolvent " .
But when the property market recovers , the losses will recede .
In Sweden the government 's " bad bank " recovered almost all the losses as the economy improved .
The same would happen in the US .
To get on that virtuous circle the banks have to start lending again - but they wo n't and can't when they are engulfed with bad debts .
The government has got to bite the bullet and either insure up to $ 3.5 trillion of bad debt ; or establish a " bad bank " to hold it ; or some combination of both .
And it will need to supply extra capital to banks that are particularly stricken .
Whatever it does , the cost is much more expensive than the $ 150bn left over from the $ 700bn " Tarp " bank rescue plan established by George Bush and former US treasury secretary Hank Paulson in the autumn .
Yet going back to congress to ask for more money on this scale is a political nightmare .
Bankers are public enemy Number One .
American bankers , like their British counterparts , have been slow to get the message .
The closure of the markets on which their business model depended is seen as an unpredictable act of God rather than the consequence of their abuse .
And the argument that they need to pay high bonuses to retain talent is rightly mocked .
What talent ?
The news that Merrill Lynch paid $ 1bn in bonuses despite record losses and a taxpayer bail - out has inflamed public opinion .
Buried in the 1,000 - page recovery plan are measures to limit bonuses to one third of base pay , which , with the proposed $ 500,000 salary cap , is a swingeing assault on bank remuneration .
Bankers are in no position to complain .
Their avarice and the scale of their business misjudgment have vastly complicated the politics of a bank bail - out , which will have to be on a stupefying scale to be effective .
The open question is whether the US can afford to create a " bad bank " or equivalent that might cost up to 14 % of GDP , on top of a budget deficit already of that same size .
The answer is that it cannot afford not to do it .
Otherwise it might suffer the same fate as Japan in the 1990s , whose refusal to accept the size of the problem meant that it temporised with half measures - and suffered a decade of economic stagnation .
This should have been the number - one agenda item on the G7 meeting of finance ministers in Rome this weekend .
Geithner could have flown in with a coherent plan , rallied support for it and urged other countries to follow his lead .
He has not and cannot .
Nor will he meet other finance ministers who have worked up rescue models .
Instead everyone is doing their own thing , typified by the British .
We launched our asset protection scheme in January with no prior consultation with other governments .
It is not a bad scheme , but unless governments act in concert they have no hope of success .
Britain 's once deep and broad money markets were the result of global capital inflows .
They can not be restored by the British government alone .
Yet the G7 is a cacophony of different plans and preoccupations .
Everybody , including Gordon Brown , is looking for legitimation for short - term political advantage .
It needs the Obama administration to cut through the cackle and impose an agenda equal to the scale of what needs to be done at home and abroad .
That inability is the gravest source of concern .
There are signs that the Obama team is getting the message ; it backed off the worst protectionist excesses in the Stimulus Bill , and both Obama and Geithner say we need decisive , large - scale action .
The worry is that they will make too many concessions to the ideas and people who got us into this mess .
Lincoln was a great man .
But it is a Roosevelt America that the world needs now .
The growth of subprime lending in the past decade has been quite dramatic .
Using data reported by the magazine Inside Lending , Table 3 reports that total subprime originations ( loans ) have grown from $ 65 billion in 1995 to $ 332 billion in 2003 .
The structure of the market also changed dramatically through the 1990s and early 2000s ...
For example , the market share of the top 25 firms making subprime loans grew from 39.3 percent in 1995 to over 90 percent in 2003 .
Many firms that started the subprime industry either have failed or were purchased by larger institutions .
Over the past 30 years , we have moved from a bank - dominated financial system to a system in which credit is increasingly extended , securitized and actively traded in a combination of centralized and decentralized markets .
In many ways , the business models of banks and non -bank financial institutions — especially large securities firms — have converged , with banks playing a greater agency role in the credit process , and securities firms doing more of the financing .
Bush team
At 5:00 a.m. , we participated in a conference call with our colleagues at the Board of Governors and the Treasury to review the options and decide on the way forward .
After careful deliberation , together we decided on a course of action that would at least buy some time to explore options to mitigate the foreseeable damage to the financial system .
We recognized , of course , that the use of this legal authority was , in itself , an extraordinary step ...
It seemed irresponsible for us not to use that authority in this unique situation .
more
We need to ensure there is a stronger set of shock absorbers , in terms of capital and liquidity , in those institutions , banks and a limited number of the largest investment banks , that are critical to market functioning and economic health , with a stronger form of consolidated supervision over those institutions .
A credit crunch in an effort to control inflation seems compelling to me .
The new economy is often declared ; seldom defined .
But if there is one fundamental change at its heart it must be the move from an economy based on the production of physical goods to an economy based on the production and application of knowledge .
Consistent with the guiding principles of the Project , Hamilton stood for sound fiscal policy , believed that broad - based opportunity for advancement would drive American economic growth , and recognized that “ prudent aids and encouragements on the part of government " are necessary to enhance and guide market forces .
Industrial policies and direct market interventions can try to change the before - tax distribution of income .
But ultimately such policies harm the economy — for example , excessively high living - wage laws
can result in large job losses for low - skilled workers .
Economic downturns historically come in two categories .
For most of the post war period , economic expansions did not die of old age .
They were murdered by the Federal Reserve in the name of fighting inflation .
This was the story in 1958 , 1971 , 1974 and 1982 as sharp increases in credit costs drove the economy into downturns .
Before World War II , and in recent years as inflation has come under control , expansions have ended as a consequence of the workings of the financial system , sometimes in conjunction with oil shocks .
But an alternative source of recession comes from the spontaneous correction of financial excesses : the bursting of bubbles , de-leveraging in the financial sector , declining asset values , reduced demand , and reduced employment .
When these economists communicate with one another , it 's not in the language of common sense but in a jargon that has its roots in the work of 18th - century Scotsman Adam Smith .
While in contrast , the right metaphors for the new economy are more Darwinian , with the fittest surviving , and , as modern Darwinians have come to understand , accidents of history casting long and consequential shadows .
In Rubin 's case there are not many people who can claim on their resume to have brought the American economy to the brink of the worst depression in seventy years and then move on to take down what was once the world 's largest financial institution .
His proteges Summers and Geithner somehow emerged from this fiasco even stronger than before , living personifications of what should be termed the Rubin Principle which says the more you screw up the higher the government position they appoint you to .
Geithner and Summers along with Rubin are why this financial crisis will not be satisfactorily resolved , for in order to take the necessary steps to alleviate it all would have to admit their part in causing it and even more pointedly admit that their boss at the time , William Jefferson Clinton , also played a role .
It short it would mean that instead of tying this albatross solely around the neck of George W. Bush and the Republican Party they would have top admit that at its root this crisis was a bipartisan affair .
However , if one parceled out blame the way they do in auto accidents , the GOP would bear the majority of it for they supplied the Congressional majority -- and even put their names on the bill that caused this mess , the Gramm - Leach Bliley Act .
But Rubin and his two sidekicks convinced Bill Clinton that the bill would be a good idea .
So on Rubin 's advice , Clinton looked the other way while Citi put its considerable lobbying forces into motion to make Gramm - Leach - Bliley possible , which is why one of the pens Bill Clinton used to sign the bill hangs in a prominent place in the office of former Citi CEO Sandy Weill -- the man who created what was once America 's largest financial institution out of a loan - sharking business .
Both Geithner and Summers played a role in this fiasco .
Summers was the more prominent for he served as Rubin 's assistant Treasury Secretary before succeeding his mentor , who for his role in making Citi 's mergers legal received a cushy job at Citi as his reward .
Geithner at the time was serving as Under Secretary of the Treasury for International Affairs under both Rubin and Summers .
Several commentators have noted the closeness of the three .
Where Rubin 's fortunes fell as Citi plunged into one of the greatest bubble implosions in economic history , one that rivals the collapse of the East India Company or the Tulip Bulb fiasco , Summers and Geithner were fortunate to remain some distance from ground zero .
Summers was chased from the Presidency of Harvard only to reemerge as one of Barack Obama 's chief economic advisors .
Geithner became head of the New York federal reserve where his chief accomplishment was to sign off on the Bush Administration 's bailout plan , a plan that was supposed to rescue companies at the center of this mess -- one of which was Citi .
The action the Three Mess- quiteers took was the repeal of the Glass - Steagall Banking Act .
Named for a pint - sized , feisty Virginian who had cheered William Jennings Bryan 's Cross of Gold speech as a delegate to the famous 1896 Democratic Convention , Carter Glass had Bryan 's suspicion of banks , especially eastern ones .
Bryan especially detested New York financier J.P. Morgan , whose name became attached to a resolution at the 1912 Democratic Convention condemning Morgan and fellow financiers August Belmont and Thomas Ryan , thereby helping Woodrow Wilson to upset Champ Clark and win the nomination .
Glass would help create the Federal Reserve and then become Wilson 's Treasury Secretary .
The Glass - Steagall Act , as it became known , was one of the most important pieces of economic legislation in American history .
Essentially it prohibited banks from entering into the securities market , which glass felt was one of the root causes of the Great Depression .
Sixty years later this history was ruled irrelevant for the " new economy " of the 1990s as Rubin openly campaigned for the repeal of Glass - Steagall .
If Glass - Steagall was one of America 's greatest pieces of economic legislation , the bill which repealed it -- Gramm - Leach - Bliley - - is surely one of the worst .
Besides allowing banks to engage it what became known as securitization it included a little - known clause providing an exemption from federal regulation for what were known as Industrial Loan Corporations .
The results of GLB can best be glimpsed by the wave of concentration that gripped the American financial industry with the coming of the new millennium .
What is still not generally understood about GLB is that it not only allowed banks to play with the likes of derivatives and subprime mortgages , it spurred the economic concentration and interlocking institutions that lie at the center of this crisis .
In a paper for the St. Louis Federal Reserve System , Souphala Chomsisengphet and Anthony Pennington - Cross point out :
The presence of Geithner and Summers in the administration of Barack Obama merely testifies that as long as they have the President 's ear , the roots of this crisis -- and hence its long term resolution -- will be ignored , for to do otherwise would be to admit they helped to cause it .
Yet we also should remember had Barack Obama not won in November , waiting in the wings was the man whose name is on the bill that repealed Glass - Steagall - - Phil Gramm .
It is not history that holds Summers , Geithner and America hostage ; it is their ideas .
From a historical point of view both men are actually fortunate in that unlike their mentor Rubin , they absented themselves from making economic policy at precisely the time the economic policies they had advocated while in the Clinton Administration were bankrupting the country .
Rubin landed at Citi where he continued to advocate many of the ideas that had driven Clinton Administration economic policy .
As Citi sank , Rubin insisted it was on firm ground even as he slipped further into the mire .
Summers stayed largely out of the public eye other than his embarrassing remarks about women while he served as President of Harvard , but his well - connected friends extricated him from a situation that would have ruined other careers .
Geithner carried water for the Bush Administration in his position at the New York Federal Reserve .
If Geithner and Summers had little direct impact on policy during the Bush years , their speeches and articles written during that time hold important clues to understanding what they might have in store for America .
Surprisingly in the love - fest that followed the inauguration of Barack Obama , the opposition never quoted from these works .
As we all know , Timothy Geithner headed the New York Federal Reserve during the Bush Administration .
That he should hold what is regarded as perhaps the key Federal Reserve position other than Chair under a Republican Administration should tell us a great deal about his economic philosophy .
The Bush Administration would not have placed an orthodox Democrat in such a sensitive post .
A key speech by Geithner delivered as Barack Obama fought Hillary Clinton for the Democratic Presidential nomination is instructive .
In the speech , Geithner recites the history of the Federal Reserve System and America 's financial regulation .
It is extremely significant he makes no mention of the Glass - Steagall Act .
Instead he states : Describing the rescue of Bear Stearns , Geithner makes clear he was a key part of the That action , of course , was the infamous bailout .
Geithner 's defense of this action is revealing : Nowhere in this recital of events does Geithner mention anything about restricting executive bonuses or placing any other constraints on the ability of Bear Stearns and others in how they used the bailout funds .
As for the future , Geithner takes the unlikely step of advocating that the government takesteps to assure the financial stability of what he terms the new system .
In other words , reduce the risks for the Bear Stearns and AIG's : Nowhere in his speech does Geithner advocate that in return for providing this stability , financial institutions need to agree to new rules .
Interestingly when Congress approved Glass - Steagall it created the FDIC , which provided government protection of bank deposits , but in return banks had to accept increased regulation of their activities .
Geithner obviously does not think like Carter Glass .
Having read a great of Lawrence Summers ' writings and speeches , I would characterize him as an intellectual opportunist .
Summers started his government career as a member of Ronald Reagan 's Council of Economic Advisors apparently having no objections to " Reaganomics . "
In 1986 he wrote that major recessions were caused by :
In September 2000 he gave a speech that invoked the " knowledge economy " ideas that were then in vogue just at the time that founder of the Internet Al Gore was running for President .
After the election of George W. Bush Summers became part of the Hamilton Project , a think tank whose advisory group co-chair is none other than Robert Rubin .
The vision paper which Rubin coauthored states
In a 2007 paper for the Hamilton Project Summers would argue for a policy that any Republican could endorse : Summer 's talent for modifying his views to fit the current climate is best demonstrated by changes he made to a standard speech he has given over the years about the two causes of recession .
In 2007 he explained Recently , the second part of this speech has taken on a different tone Note the injection of " financial excesses " and " bursting bubbles . "
Have Summers ' views of such a basic economic issue as the causes of recessions changed that radically in a year ?
Is Summers saying what he thinks people want to hear or is there some underlying philosophy that might explain the differences ?
Geithner , Summers and Rubin ultimately were part of a fascinating convergence that took place at the end of the last century .
For the first time since Grover Cleveland 's Democrats and William McKinley 's Republicans agreed on economic fundamentals , in the 1980s and 90s , the two parties occupied the same economic common ground .
Gramm - Leach Bliley is not the result of some conspiracy or even a bald - faced attempt by Wall Street to buy off Congress and the Executive branch -- although record amounts of lobbying funds were spent to be sure it passed .
In the end GLB is about the power of shared ideas , an economic orthodoxy that made the likes of Rubin , Summers and Geithner indistinguishable from their Republican counterparts .
While there were nuances to each , with the Democrats more inclined to favor social programs , there was shared agreement on fundamentals .
Those fundamentals could be termed the New Laissez Faire .
At the heart of the New Laissez Faire lay market - centered beliefs that date back to Adam Smith .
It seems almost bizarre that in this era of complex computer models and sophisticated mathematical calculations that economists should propound an ideology that dates back to " the invisible hand " and the famous pin factory of The Wealth of Nations .
In a fascinating , must - read article written exactly when the proponents of the New Laissez Faire were repealing Glass - Steagall , Fortune 's John Fox explained how Smith 's ideas rose from the dead .
Fox acknowledged : Summers has termed his economic philosophy " creative capitalism " which is a creative way to affirm he still believes in the power of markets , a central tenet of Republican orthodoxy since the Gilded Age .
One of the most remarkable passages in Summers ' writings comes in that September 2000 speech to the Kennedy School of Government where he evokes the ghastly specter of Social Darwinism : That a contemporary economist should use the Darwinian metaphor is even more troubling than evoking Adam Smith 's " invisible hand . "
That the person who advocates such a perspective is crafting economic policy for Barack Obama is downright scary .
Now as Geithner and Summers attempt to pull us out of an economic stall , they leave us with more questions than answers .
It is to those questions we turn in Part Two .
Creeping into some of the right wing attacks on Lawrence Summers is the unconscionable use of anti-Semitism .
While this essay is critical of Summers , these attacks need to be stopped NOW !
As someone whose uncle lost his family at Dachau , I urge all Americans to reject any hints of anti-Semitism in criticizing Lawrence Summers .
I will not dignify these rants by citing them , but anyone who knows how to use a search engine can locate them if so inclined .
All releases Recent releases
1.0 Release Notes : Bugfixes .
Building with MSVC works again .
Code with questionable license / copyright information was cleaned up .
0.8 Release Notes : Bugs were fixed .
Cygwin is supported .
A single column recognition mode was added .
0.7 Release Notes : Bugs were slain and features were added .
0.6 Release Notes :
This release has many bugfixes and full support for MSVC .
There was anger last night after a Belfast - based solicitor who attempted voyeurism by filming a young woman changing in a leisure centre cubicle escaped a prison sentence .
Richie MacRitchie , 33 , was sentenced to four months imprisonment , suspended for two years , and placed on the Sex Offenders ’ Register for seven years .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
And with the lawyer facing a professional disciplinary hearing later this week , the family of the victim claimed he should be banned from practising .
Her father , who cannot be named , said : “ My daughter is still being treated for depression , stress and anxiety because of this .
“ We now hope that the Law Society will take the appropriate steps .
He should be barred . ”
MacRitchie , who plans to appeal the sentence , was found guilty after a judge at Belfast Magistrates Court ruled he used his mobile phone to record the woman in a cubicle for the intention of sexual gratification .
The solicitor , from Ardmullan , Omeath , Co Louth , was convicted of the new offence after originally being cleared of voyeurism .
He had admitted filming four clips of the woman , who was then aged 18 , in the booth next to him at the Falls Leisure Centre , west Belfast in October 2006 .
At first a direction of no case to answer was given because his target was wearing a bikini .
Because of this it was decided she was not engaged in a private act according to the Sexual Offences Act .
Later , however , the Court of Appeal ordered the prosecution to proceed on a fresh charge of attempted voyeurism .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
A psychiatrist who examined him following his arrest claimed he was suffering from chronic stress and wanted to get caught .
It also emerged during the hearing that MacRitchie had been up to £ 100,000 in debt .
According to the medical expert MacRitchie , who worked as a non-profit making lawyer based at Conway Mill in Belfast before taking on extra duties with another firm , was suffering from acute stress and set out to harm himself .
Before sentence was passed yesterday defence counsel Eilis McDermott QC claimed the offence was completely opportunistic .
She said : “ There is absolutely nothing to indicate planning and pre-meditation on his part .
“ This is a case where the defendant has not even seen the face of the injured party .
“ It ’s different entirely to the case where a predatory person decides to stalk somebody or to follow them with a view to this kind of activity taking place . ”
As she made her pleas for leniency there were outbursts from the victim ’s father , who shouted out that a two - year - old child had been in the cubicle with his daughter .
Passing sentence , District Judge Fiona Bagnall acknowledged the distress and damage inflicted on the woman filmed .
“ It ’s clear this has had a significant effect upon her life , ” Mrs Bagnall said .
“ I do consider this to be a serious offence which does not fall within the low level range . ”
Before MacRitchie left the dock his legal team indicated they planned to appeal the sentence .
Outside the court the woman ’s father claimed the presence of a child had been overlooked .
“ We would have liked to have seen a custodial sentence , although we ’re glad he ’s gone on the Sex Offenders ’ Register , ” he added .
“ He was portrayed as a victim rather than my daughter .
But she was training to be a hairdresser and she ’s lost so much time due to depression that she has had to give up her college course . ”
This article is taken from the Belfast Telegraph
Ask mothers why babies are constantly picking things up from the floor or ground and putting them in their mouths , and chances are they ’ll say that it ’s instinctive  that that ’s how babies explore the world .
But why the mouth , when sight , hearing , touch and even scent are far better at identifying things ?
When my young sons were exploring the streets of Brooklyn , I could n’t help but wonder how good crushed rock or dried dog droppings could taste when delicious mashed potatoes were routinely rejected .
Since all instinctive behaviors have an evolutionary advantage or they would not have been retained for millions of years , chances are that this one too has helped us survive as a species .
And , indeed , accumulating evidence strongly suggests that eating dirt is good for you .
In studies of what is called the hygiene hypothesis , researchers are concluding that organisms like the millions of bacteria , viruses and especially worms that enter the body along with “ dirt ” spur the development of a healthy immune system .
Several continuing studies suggest that worms may help to redirect an immune system that has gone awry and resulted in autoimmune disorders , allergies and asthma .
Misc , Browse >
Home News / Riyad sand storm - massive sandstorm hits Saudi Arabia
Riyad sand storm – massive sandstorm hits Saudi Arabia
A blinding sandstorm swept through Kuwait and parts of Saudi Arabia on Tuesday , disrupting air traffic as well as oil exports .
The storm raged for several hours .
Visibility dropped to zero at the international airports in Riyadh , the capital of Saudi Arabia , and in Kuwait .
Â Airport Director Saad Al - Tasan said that all air traffic at King Khalid International Airport was halted for over three hours because of the storm , and later the airport was only allowing departures .
Drivers in both areas were forced to stop or slow down as the sand turned skies into an orange brown .
Billowing clouds of sand engulfed the city and surrounding areas , forcing drivers to slow to a crawl and people to stay indoors .
â€ œIâ€™ve never seen such weather in my 32 yearsâ€™ stay in Saudi Arabia , â€ said Jayceelan Santhanam , an airline official .
â€ œItâ€™s surely the worst sandstorm to hit Riyadh.â€ 
Visibility plunged to zero as the huge wave of dust ploughed through the city at high noon .
The impact shut out the bright blue sky and turned everything into an eerie orange - brown .
Sandstorms are common in Saudi Arabia during the spring .
Published online 23 March 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.183
News
Researchers work to put changing ice types into climate models .
More pancake ice is being spotted in the Arctic .
Glenn Grant / National Science Foundation
Climate change is not only making Arctic sea ice disappear — it 's also changing the type of ice that forms .
Researchers are now trying to determine how an increase in ' pancake ice ' is affecting the far north , including whether it 's accelerating local warming .
In the past , Arctic waters have been dominated by thick slabs of sea ice that last from one year to the next .
But sea-ice cover is diminishing and thick ice that lasts for several years is disappearing fast , with researchers seeing a greater proportion of thin , newly formed ice .
New ice can form in several different ways .
When water is surrounded by ice packs , as has been common in the Arctic , areas of open water are small and there is little chance for wind to work up vigorous waves .
In such calm conditions , ice forms in unbroken sheets called ' nilas ' .
But now the Arctic has larger areas of open water , and more waves .
" As soon as you introduce swell , you get an entirely different form of ice , " says Jeremy Wilkinson of the Scottish Association for Marine Science in Oban , UK .
Under these conditions , globs of ice crystals tossed about in the water combine to form first a soupy mixture called ' grease ice ' , and then ' pancakes ' of thin ice a metre or two in diameter .
This can have all sorts of knock - on effects .
Because the pancakes are round , for example , they have areas of open water between them when joined up , making the surface darker overall .
This could have a warming effect as a result of less of the Sun 's radiation being reflected .
Water also slops up from these holes over the ice so that falling snow melts rather than settling , keeping the surface darker .
" This whole cycle is not in models of the Arctic or the Antarctic .
It 's one of these conundrums that people have n't looked into , " says Wilkinson .
Pancakes in the lab
Wilkinson and his colleagues this month completed a series of controlled experiments to measure the differences between nilas and pancake ice in the lab , including differences in ice thickness , water temperature , salinity and albedo — the fraction of incident sunlight that 's reflected .
The team used a wave tank 30 metres long and 1.5 metres deep at the Arctic Environmental Test Basin in Hamburg , Germany , to test ice formation in calm conditions compared with choppy water and storms1 .
The team could not replicate the metre - high waves that might be seen in the ocean , so to mimic stormy conditions they increased the frequency of waves tens of centimetres high .
Their tests confirmed that , as expected , pancake ice dominated when waves were around .
Their as - yet unpublished quantitative data , which will take some months yet to analyse , will be incorporated into new climate models being developed by team member Dirk Notz and others at the Max Planck Institute for Meteorology in Hamburg to see how the changing ice type might affect future Arctic temperatures .
ADVERTISEMENT
There are effects other than a change in albedo .
Ice accumulates on the bottom of a single sheet more slowly than it does around crystals bobbing up and down in the water , so pancake ice 0 - 15 cm thick can form in the same time as 1 cm thickness of nilas ice .
As ice formation extracts fresh water from the ocean , faster ice formation should mean saltier seas , which could in turn have an impact on ocean circulation , ice growth and air temperature .
" Young ice is n't that well studied because there did n't used to be that much of it , " says David Barber of the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg , Canada , who led an over - wintering project investigating sea ice conditions in the Arctic that ended last year .
He says there is clearly more open water during the winter freeze - up now , causing cyclonic storms that bring wind and snow , and more pancake ice .
" We had to take our ship out of the open water because the storms were too rough for us , " says Barber .
" We could n't land our helicopters because there was too much snow . "
He notes that although the extent of the sea ice was greater in 2008 than during the record low of 2007 , this was because of additional young ice ; the multi - year ice had in fact declined from 2007 levels .
Such rare observations of the winter ice pack along with lab and modelling work should help to determine the likely future of the Arctic .
" We 're trying to work out what the net result of all these processes are , " says Barber .
Continental Flight 3407 Crashes , 50 Dead ( Photos , Video )
Continental Express Flight 3407 , heading to Buffalo from Newark , New Jersey crashed into a home just five miles from Buffalo International Airport , killing 50 people .
The Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 twin -engine turbo prop reported mechanical problems as they approached .
The crash occurred at 10:20 p.m. on Thursday night with light snow , fog and mist in the area .
A Delta flight that landed near the time of the crash reported ' rime icing ' , a condition of ice quickly building up on the leading edges of the wings .
A resident of the Clarence Center neighborhood described the crash as a high - pitched sound followed by what felt like a mini earth quake .
We 've got the last transmission between the pilot and air traffic controllers at the bottom of this post .
The victims are reported to include 49 on board the plane and one person on the ground .
Erie County Medical Examiners have established a command post at the scene .
Four people were injured at the crash site , including a mother and daughter who were in the home .
The NTSB is expected on the scene at 6:00 a.m.
Authorities indicate the scene is still too hot to investigate and hazardous material issues need to be dealt with .
They anticipate that it will be noon before investigators can begin their work .
The airline released a statement : " At this time the full resources of Colgan Air 's accident response team has be mobilized .
They are contacting family members and providing assistance to them . "
The Buffalo home was still fully engulfed in flames at 12:30 a.m.
A dozen houses were evacuated and a limited state of emergency was declared , according to Erie County executive Chris Collins .
Photos , video below .
Last transmission audio here .
The rapper 50 Cent is among the legion of stars who have recently embraced Twitter to reach fans who crave near - continuous access to their lives and thoughts .
On March 1 , he shared this insight with the more than 200,000 people who follow him : “ My ambition leads me through a tunnel that never ends . ”
Those were 50 Cent ’s words , but it was not exactly him tweeting .
Rather , it was Chris Romero , known as Broadway , the director of the rapper ’s Web empire , who typed in those words after reading them in an interview .
“ He does n’t actually use Twitter , ” Mr. Romero said of 50 Cent , whose real name is Curtis Jackson III , “ but the energy of it is all him . ”
In its short history , Twitter  a microblogging tool that uses 140 characters in bursts of text  has become an important marketing tool for celebrities , politicians and businesses , promising a level of intimacy never before approached online , as well as giving the public the ability to speak directly to people and institutions once comfortably on a pedestal .
AIG 's Small London Office May Have Lost Big
Feds , Brits Probe AIG 's London Office on Losses
Ground zero for AIG 's spectacular implosion , which has soaked up more federal bailout money than any other entity , appears to have been a small London branch office that may have put as much as half a trillion dollars at risk .
The disastrous deals were built up in a decade and , when the crisis hit , the man who ran the unit for the last eight years retired after making $ 280 million for himself and leaving with a $ 1 million - a - month consulting contract .
The struggling New York - based insurance giant has avoided collapse with the massive infusion of $ 160 billion in taxpayer money .
The U.S. government has agreed to prop up AIG because it fears that AIG has such extensive financial involvement around the world that its failure would be far more costly .
Britain 's serious fraud office and U.S. regulators are combing through the records of AIG 's Financial Products Group , formerly located on the fifth floor of an office building in London 's Mayfair section .
The unit 's small group of traders risked nearly half a trillion dollars to insure U.S. mortgages and other debt using complex financial products called credit default swaps , according to recent congressional testimony .
" AIG financial products was the core , the hottest point of the global financial crisis , " freelance investigative reporter Peter Koenig told " Good Morning America " today .
" It was the epicenter . "
The group 's traders " found a crack in the system that was unregulated , " Koenig told " GMA . "
Joseph Cassano , an American who ran the group for eight years , declined through his lawyer to talk with ABC News .
But ABC
News obtained a tape of Cassano from August 2007 telling investors just how confident he was .
" It is hard for us with , and without being flippant , to even see a scenario within any kind of realm of reason that would see us losing $ 1 in any of those transactions , " Cassano bragged .
Koenig said Cassano " had total confidence in his judgment .
And he put no money against the fact that he might be wrong . "
For years , the system worked fine for Cassano and , during his eight - year reign as head of the Financial Products Group , Cassano pocketed $ 280 million in salary and bonus .
But about one year after Cassano boasted that he was n't worried about losing a single dollar , AIG began bleeding billions .
AIG Says London Unit ' Nearly Brought Down the Company '
" For about a decade it went OK , " Koenig said .
" And then , when the U.S. housing market fell out instead , they suddenly realized they had to come up with a half a trillion dollars and all they had was a couple of million in the bank . "
The collapse became so severe that AIG warned the U.S. Treasury Department last month that if it was n't given more federal aid , its failure " could potentially bankrupt or bring down the entire system . "
AIG admits that Cassano 's unit nearly destroyed the insurance giant .
" It was clear that this small unit engaged in trades that nearly brought down the company and it's still sound insurance business , " AIG told ABC News in a statement .
AIG said it is in the process of winding down the group .
Cassano , who has homes in London and Connecticut , was forced to retire from AIG on March 31 .
Critics say despite the fact that the company is hemorrhaging money and being kept alive with taxpayer cash , Cassano has been allowed to keep his windfall .
In addition , according to Cassano 's signed retirement agreement obtained by ABC News , he was to be paid $ 1 million a month by AIG for " consulting services " through the end of last year .
The insurance arm of AIG is believed to be in good shape , but the fallout from AIG 's financial products arm is still rippling through the U.S. economy and around the world .
In a 21 - page memo marked " strictly confidential " and obtained by ABC News , AIG pleaded for an additional $ 30 billion in federal aid last month by warning the Treasury Department that the " failure of AIG would cause turmoil in the U.S. economy and global markets and have multiple and potentially catastrophic unforeseen consequences . "
Sir Alan Sugar , often referred to as Britain 's Donald Trump , told " GMA " that you can't blame London for the AIG problems .
" It may have started here , but it's an American company , " Sugar said .
" It just happened to be their place where plots were threaded . "
Sugar said that British Prime Minister Gordon Brown -- a " good friend of mine , " he said -- " secretly blames the American businesses , banks that Europe looks up to . "
Sugar described the American fiscal atmosphere before the crisis as " over enthusiasms in business , greed .
You maxed out over there , as you say . "
" You went mad , financial Disney World , slot machine in Vegas and every time you pulled a lever someone won , and it usually was a bank executive . "
It is a warm afternoon in the historic center of Rome , near Piazza Margana , and the film crew of “ Duplicity , ” a romantic spy caper , is doing repeated takes of a fifteen - second shot .
The movie ’s director , Tony Gilroy , who also wrote the screenplay , is at one end of an alley .
The British actor Clive Owen stands near him , as does Julia Roberts .
Nearby hover her makeup man and bodyguard , various assistant directors , gaffers , and carpenters , and members of the Italian crew .
A black tarpaulin blocks the view of onlookers and the paparazzi .
An assistant director calls for “ last looks ” — the final touchup by the makeup artists — and Roberts takes her mark , halfway up the street ;
Owen moves to the top of the alley .
Gilroy calls “ Action ! ” and is echoed by a “ Movimento ! ” from the Italian assistant director who handles the extras .
Gilroy ’s films evoke the Hollywood of the seventies , when thrillers featured complex characters .
Photograph by Martin Schoeller
Roberts begins walking down the street , and the cameraman , using a handheld steadicam , precedes her in a backward crab - walk .
On cue , three children race up the alley past her , kicking a soccer ball .
Roberts looks over her shoulder and continues until she is off camera .
Moments later , Owen begins to walk fast ; he breaks into a trot , runs past the children , decelerates , runs again .
He is pursuing her .
He runs until he runs out of street .
“ Cut ! ” Gilroy cries .
“ That look is so strong , ” he says to Roberts .
“ That was great .
That revealed a lot .
Great . ”
Roberts , who has already done several versions of this scene , is clearly exhausted .
“ My mojo ’s gone , ” she says .
She also has the flu and an ear infection .
The cast began filming at 4 A.M. , outside the Pantheon .
Gilroy assures her , “ Even at quarter speed , you ’re still a thoroughbred . ”
Roberts sits in her folding chair and removes her espadrilles ; someone ’s hands take them from her .
She sees the kids still playing with their soccer ball and adopts a mock - Chekhovian tone : “ Oh , to be young and play in the heat and do it over and over and not complain about water or time or last looks . ”
She turns to Gilroy : “ O.K. , I ’ve come up with something that ’s really going to rock your world . ”
“ I need an after - lunch pick - me - up , ” he says .
“ Coming up . ”
“ Let it rip ! ”
They shoot the scene once more .
The children chase the soccer ball again ; Roberts looks over her shoulder again , this time more subtly .
The viewer is supposed to wonder , What , exactly , is she looking for ?
“ Cut !
Print that ! ” Gilroy is pleased .
The actors and crew mill .
Everyone avoids eye contact with Gilroy ; one can read the hope on their faces .
“ Let ’s do it one more time , ” he says .
“ This time , no steadicam . ”
As the players take their marks again , he says to himself , “ It ’s good to be greedy . ”
He pauses .
He wants this extra take .
“ Maybe , if you make a thousand films , you know what you need right away , but I ca n’t imagine not wanting to have that . ”
“ Yeah , that ’s all wrong , ” Gilroy is saying .
“ Her look falls in the wrong place . ”
He stares in silence ; Owen and Roberts are now out of frame , but the children are still kicking the soccer ball .
Gilroy is watching a screen in an editing suite at the Brill Building , in New York .
It is more than four months later , early October .
He is watching the footage that he filmed in Rome on an Avid monitor , a series of flat - panel displays with a disconcerting number of buttons .
Half - eaten takeout food is on the table , and traffic from Times Square murmurs outside .
The shades are drawn .
John Gilroy , Tony ’s brother , is editing the film .
Gilroy asks him to cue up more footage from Rome .
Each take presents a small variation .
In one , Roberts does n’t look back at all .
In another , the children steal the scene with their ebullience .
The look that Roberts casts over her shoulder actually has an important structural role in the movie .
Roberts plays Claire Stenwick ; Owen is Ray Koval ; both are career intelligence officers .
Several years earlier , at a party in Dubai , Claire , then with the C.I.A. , met Ray , then with MI - 6 ; she seduced him , drugged him , then stole some military codes from his briefcase .
For Ray , a ladies ’ man — the script describes him as “ Ray with the good suit and the easy smile ” — there were multiple humiliations in this fleecing .
He has spent the intervening years nursing not only his anger but also his passion for her .
Rome marks their first meeting since that entanglement , and Gilroy wants the audience to be unsure if Claire knows that she ’s being pursued .
Perhaps she has laid another trap for Ray .
Roberts ’s glance must instill the viewer with a tantalizing sense of uncertainty just this side of frustration .
John runs more film , and Roberts keeps gliding by , her face expressive despite dark glasses .
In one shot , she twists her neck .
“ That look is way too strong , ” Gilroy says .
In some takes , Roberts appears coyly amused ; in others , she seems indifferent , a woman in a rush .
Finally , in Take 5 , Roberts gives a glance backward that is delectably ambiguous , turning back with a half smile .
Is she looking at the children ?
Listening for Owen ?
Is she just enjoying Rome ?
A pigeon flies up behind her .
The children play with fervor but do n’t distract .
Owen deftly navigates the street , his unbuttoned Armani jacket flapping in the breeze .
He looks great .
Gilroy , leaning back in his lounge chair , smiles at his brother .
“ See , it just works , ” he says .
“ She turns her head at the right moment .
Where it falls — here . ”
Tony Gilroy is best known as a writer of movie thrillers .
The screenwriter William Goldman says of him , “ Right now , he is as good as the game . ” “ Duplicity ” will be the eleventh of his movies to be produced in little more than a decade .
Among them are “ Dolores Claiborne ” ( 1995 ) , “ The Devil ’s Advocate ” ( 1997 ) , and the three movies in the Jason Bourne series ( 2002 , 2004 , and 2007 ) .
One of Gilroy ’s specialties is the potent , reflective , and often beleaguered action hero , a man with , as he says , “ an incredible toolbox of skills that he has let rust . ”
In 2007 , “ Michael Clayton , ” which he wrote and directed , received seven Academy Award nominations , including one for his screenplay and another for his direction .
Clayton , played by George Clooney , is a fixer at a law firm ; he helps the company ’s clients when they bump up against police inquiries or uncoöperative judges .
He gets friendly cops tickets to the game .
He is oddly dignified in his cynicism .
“ I ’m not the guy that you kill ! ” he shouts at his prime adversary , a corporate lawyer played by Tilda Swinton .
“ I ’m the guy that you buy !
Are you so fucking blind you do n’t even see what I am ? ”
Gilroy ’s movie was taut and intelligent , and evoked the Hollywood of the nineteen - seventies , when thrillers were anchored by complex characters .
Gilroy and Julia Roberts , filming in Manhattan .
Photograph fron Sharkpix / ZUMA Photograph fron Sharkpix / ZUMA
Today , the film industry considers adult - oriented drama a small target , and one that is getting smaller .
Middle - aged Americans do n’t go to the movies ; young adults and teen - agers do , and they prefer action to talk , in part because they believe they know every possible movie character already .
A screenwriter interested in human behavior can find himself ignored by big - studio executives looking for movies propelled by spectacle and superheroes .
“ The trend is making movies that do n’t need screenwriters , ” a top Hollywood screenwriter explained to me by e-mail .
Gilroy is a canny player , though .
He says that he ’s “ not into building blueprints of buildings that will never get built . ”
His movies follow two fundamental rules : “ Bring it in within two hours ” and “ Do n’t bore the audience . ”
Sitting in his office at the Brill Building one day , while his brother edited “ Duplicity ” in the next room , Gilroy picked up a copy of his script and riffled it .
“ It ’s all white space , ” he said to me .
“ It ’s all about not writing . ”
Gilroy loves puzzles , and “ Clayton ” was full of them .
So is “ Duplicity , ” with its scheming , warily passionate spies .
“ If I told you I loved you , would it make any difference ? ” Claire asks Ray at one point .
“ If you told me or if I believed you ? ” Ray responds .
Gilroy calls the film “ counterprogramming — not the normal thing to do next . ”
It is fast , lighthearted , and intense .
“ ‘ Michael Clayton ’ could have been a novel , ” Gilroy says .
“ ‘ Duplicity ’ could only exist as a movie . ”
Yet it , too , is out of step with current Hollywood practice .
It is a thriller shot almost entirely indoors .
Ray and Claire do not career through Rome in a Porsche .
There are no police cruisers piling up behind them at the end .
Their passion is communicated largely with faces , not bodies .
The engine of “ Duplicity ” is the question of who is tricking whom — and , thus , where reality lies .
The movie has an array of flashbacks that scramble the time frame , a complication that almost prevented the film from being made .
Steven Spielberg , who , at one point , was interested in directing it , with Tom Cruise in the Clive Owen role , was so confused by the plot that he organized a table reading in his office at DreamWorks to clarify who did what to whom .
Later , he jokingly suggested that the DVD include , as a bonus track , a chronological run-through of the story .
( Ultimately , he dropped out . )
The core of “ Duplicity ” is the screenwriting trope known as the reversal .
Gilroy told me , “ A reversal is just anything that ’s a surprise .
It ’s a way of keeping the audience interested . ”
A camera follows a man as he goes up the stairs to an apartment ; we see his wedding ring as he pulls out his keys .
He pushes open the door , slowly — a husband coming home , trudging up the stairs with his briefcase .
But a woman in black lingerie greets him : he ’s seeing his mistress !
That is a reversal .
In “ Good Will Hunting , ” when Matt Damon , mopping the floor at a university , comes upon a complicated math problem on a blackboard and solves it , the audience suddenly realizes that he is not an ordinary janitor — that ’s a reversal , too .
“ Duplicity ” is so crammed with reversals that Stephen Schiff , a screenwriter who is a friend of Gilroy ’s , says that the story “ achieves a kind of meta quality . ”
Not only are reversals the building blocks of Gilroy ’s dramas ; they are often how he apprehends the world .
In May , 2007 , he was in a taxi , on his way to pick up his eleven - year - old daughter at Chelsea Piers , the sports complex by the Hudson River .
The cabdriver was talking on his cell phone and ran a red light .
The cab hit another car .
Gilroy , peering from the window , could see that the other car had been totalled .
He did not think that he had been hurt .
“ So they ’re lifting the other guy out of the car , and I ’m thinking , I ’m lucky , ” he said .
“ And — it ’s a great shot , but it must have been done a thousand times — I ’m sitting there watching them take the other guy away and I ’m thinking , Great , I ’m the lucky one .
Then I see them come at my cab with those things , the jaws of life . ”
Gilroy had fractured a hip and a rib .
Gilroy believes that the writer and the moviegoing public are engaged in a cognitive arms race .
As the audience grows savvier , the screenwriter has to invent new reversals — madder music and stronger wine .
Perhaps the most famous reversal in film was written by William Goldman , originally in his 1974 novel “ Marathon Man , ” then honed for the movie version .
Laurence Olivier , a sadistic Nazi dentist , is drilling into Dustin Hoffman ’s mouth , trying to force him to disclose the location of a stash of diamonds .
“ Is it safe ? ” he keeps asking .
Suddenly , William Devane sweeps in to rescue him and spirits Hoffman away .
In the subsequent car ride , Devane starts asking questions ; he wants to know where the diamonds are .
After a few minutes , Hoffman ’s eyes grow wide : Devane and Olivier are in league !
“ Thirty years ago , when Bill Goldman wrote it , the reversal in ‘ Marathon Man ’ was fresh , ” Gilroy says .
“ But it must have been used now four thousand times . ”
This is the problem that new movies must solve .
As Gilroy says , “ How do you write a reversal that uses the audience ’s expectations in a new way ?
You have to write to their accumulated knowledge . ”
Before Gilroy wrote “ Duplicity , ” audiences had been trained by the mixed - up time schemes of “ Memento , ” “ Amores Perros , ” and “ Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind . ”
Moviegoers got used to an aesthetic of disorientation .
They also have DVDs , so they can watch a film twice to untangle its story , and the Internet , which allows them to look up a bit of jargon or insider information .
Reality is a confluence of fragments , to be apprehended bit by bit ; watching a movie has begun to approximate the rhythm of a Google search .
Gilroy bragged to Variety about the nonlinear structure of “ Clayton ” : “ In theory , if I make a real world , and there are some dramatic events taking place in there , I should be able to drop the needle anywhere 28 times and make something interesting out of it . ”
A central challenge of “ Duplicity , ” in Gilroy ’s estimation , is its humorous tone .
Although breaking from chronology is an established convention of the noir genre — at the start of “ Sunset Boulevard , ” William Holden is floating dead in a pool — a comedy audience does not expect a test .
Moreover , “ Duplicity ” is expensive .
Movie stars do n’t come cheap , so “ Duplicity ” has to make money at the mall .
Taylor Hackford , who directed “ Dolores Claiborne ” and “ The Devil ’s Advocate , ” says of “ Duplicity , ” “ I ’m not so sure it ’s a picture that ’s going to play to sixteen - or seventeen - year - olds , but who knows ? ”
If you worked in Universal ’s marketing department , and you wanted to make the plot of “ Duplicity ” sound simple , you ’d probably say that it ’s a corporate - espionage story : two former spies work together to steal a valuable secret formula developed by a consumer - products company .
A moviegoer lured in by this summary , however , will soon realize that it ’s equally possible that Claire is tricking Ray , or that Ray is tricking Claire , or that the company with the formula is gaming them or being gamed by a rival .
“ I suppose you ’re worried about your little peasant benefits . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
The movie makes an effort to keep the viewer off balance .
The action skitters between Dubai , Rome , New York , London , the Bahamas , Miami , and Cleveland .
The scammers are scammed , and those who look defeated suddenly bounce back .
A whimsical score reminds you not to take any of it too seriously .
Watching “ Duplicity , ” viewers hear nearly the same conversation between Claire and Ray five times , and each time it upends what they think is going on in the movie .
The first time is in New York .
Ray , now working for a rival conglomerate , has just been assigned to track Claire , who has taken a job with the consumer - products company .
At first glance , it ’s one of those happy screwball - comedy coincidences that so many movies depend on .
The two confront each other at Lord & Taylor , in midtown .
Claire says she does n’t know who he is .
“ I ’m not great on names , ” Ray says to her .
“ Where I ’m solid ?
People I ’ve slept with .
That ’s been a traditional area of strength for me .
You charm me .
Seduce me .
Screw me .
Then you dope me and ransack my hotel room .
And how sick is this ?
Last thing I remember before I passed out was how much I liked you . ”
Claire responds that she has no idea who he is .
Does she really not remember him ?
Is she pretending ?
Or are they playacting together , knowing that someone else is listening to them ?
Covering Gaza Israel Shuts Out World Press
The Israelis have shut the world press out of the Gaza Strip , forcing journalists to rely on Arab media and informants on the ground .
The situation is making objective reporting on the war close to impossible .
Von SPIEGEL
Staff
As expected , many AOLers in Dulles started receiving " the email " yesterday afternoon .
The email asks them to attend an " important meeting " this morning -- at which they will be fired .
This is the way AOL 's layoffs have been handled over the past several years , with depressing regularity .
Today 's cuts -- mostly in Dulles , but taking place in New York and California too -- are part of the layoffs announced in January .
That plan was to fire about 700 people by the end of March .
Some AOLers weighed in yesterday afternoon :
Anybody who gets " the IM " or " the meeting notice " , etc please post here .
Thanks
You are required to attend a meeting on tomorrow morning , Tuesday , March 10th at 10 AM in my office ( 46A:A01 ) .
Thank you .
so classy !
emails are already out - important meetings tomorrow morning , if you were lucky enough to receive one
Mobile emails have been sent this evening at 7 to some of the marketing managers and teams that are not revenue generating .
The picture will be clearer tomorrow on who is gone and who is left to work on the remaining projects .
If anything , while these layoffs cut costs , confusion increases and morale continues to decline .
The subject line of the email is " Important Meeting Tuesday " .
Mine was sent by my VP at 5:15 this afternoon - 15 minutes after I left work .
I read it about 45 minutes ago and am still in shock .
Sorry to hear that some of you got the email already .
In the past , they have gathered 2 groups in two different places ... and let go of 1 group ... the other is told .. you are safe ( American Idol style ) .
So , there is still hope .
On the brighter side , this is the only time to spend with family and friends .... take some time off for a month , go travel somewhere ... recharge yourself .
Once you start working again ( hopefully soon ) .... you wo n't get this golden opportunity .
That 's how I see it .
Am already looking for dates to travel somewhere .... in case I get the boot tomorrow .
Btw , any 1 know if it 's standard 2 month package or .... 3 + ( yummy ) ?
i heard from a co-worker that severance was 4 months this time .
at which point i kinda want to get the axe , something to kick my butt into gear to get out of here , the problem being those of us who have enough family obligations here that our opportunities are limited by the area we live in .
good luck to everyone , its a terrible time for them to do this , especially when aol is n't really ' losing ' money - i can see it for a business that 's absolutely over and done with , but for a company who is n't in dire straits to do this now , for the sake of the stockholders , is completely unpatriotic - we 're supposed to be in this together , not crapping on eachother .
i'm just glad i never got to be a manager who has to break the news tomorrow , i , for one , sure don ' t have the balls for that .
OH MAN ..4 MONTHS !!!
wowwww .... pick me , take me !!
*** CLICK HERE FOR THE FOLLOWUP DISCUSSION .
READ BEFORE BITCHING ***
This was recorded earlier today .
I added a film grain and some background music and a silly HUD .
Anyways enjoy
For those of you who do n’t remember the classic video of him playing Garry ’s Mod :
Edit :
Some threads and stuff :
職場如同市場一樣複雜又喧囂，有能力的人身邊總是不乏嫉妒的目光，工作能力不強的人身邊總是少不了批判的人。阿諛奉承的人勢必會遇到敵人，努力工作的人不會放過懶惰的人。那些性格暴躁、我行我素的人碰到一起，勢必會發生爭鬥...
根據 「彼得原理」，如果某個企業機構不持續變革，用不了多長時間，職員就都會變得無能。在一個決策緩慢、無所事事的安逸企業裡，原本具有創意的能幹的員工都會遭到扼殺。在一個低效緩慢的體系中，原本可以成為支柱的人獨自闖蕩累了，最終淪落為一顆小小的螺絲釘；這是因為很難找到能夠承認自己的能力，使自己的能力得到充分發揮，也就是最適合自己的公司。第二是即使暫時找到了適合自己的公司，也會遇到人際關係之類的非業務問題...
這兩段就是節錄至《乙的生存法則》，這本書的副標題為職場戰士生存必殺技，這是一本讓我看了一直點頭身表同感完的書，作者林庭燮是韓國人，在韓國一經出版就登上暢銷圖書排行榜，目前僅有翻譯成簡體中文版，雖然簡體字看得不是很習慣，且橫排的文字排列也影響閱讀的觀感，但卻欲罷不能想一次把他看...
《 乙的生存法則》把這個世界中的人們採用二分法劃分成兩種人，就是所謂的「甲」、「乙」，大部分人既是甲，又是乙，而只有真正洞悉甲和乙的真相，才能在這個世界上存活...
何謂「甲」 、「乙」呢？舉個最簡單的例子，當我們出遠門工作時，因為租房子所簽的合約裡面就有甲乙雙方，甲方通常為出租人，而乙方為承租人，又比如說我們工作的勞動合約，假方是資方，乙方為勞方，再舉一個例子，大批量採購商品時，所簽訂的採購合約，甲方為購買方，乙方為出售方，雖然在法律上沒有明確指出哪一方該為甲方或者乙方，但是習慣上面，我們通常將出賣方、供應方、贈與方、委託方、授權方、定制方、貸款方、出租方、定作方、發包方、轉讓方等稱做甲方，而將買受方、使用方、受贈方、借款方、承租方、承攬方、承包方、受讓方等稱做乙方...
於是乎，職場上面就出現了一些認知上的落差，不管是勞方或者資方，大家都想變成甲，而大家心裡都認為自己是乙，也造成很多的企業主不把職場人士看作真正意義上的乙，他們認為職場上班族至少還擁有職場這個避風港，只要努力做好自己的本份工作，即使沒能取得特別的成績，也照樣可以拿工資。雖然是乙，但是生存並沒有什麼問題，不需要付出過多的努力，就可以生活得很舒適；然而，企業主在領導眾多乙的同時，雖知道自己是甲，但卻不肯承認擁有甲的地位和優勢，因為他們要擔負起保護所有人的社會責任，歸根結底只是另一種形式的乙，頂多算是比職場人士更高級的乙...
所以真正的乙方，都面臨過這樣的生活，當你做完工作，起身準備按時下班，卻不得不看上司的眼色的時候；當你拖著病痛的身體，掙紮著上班的時候；當你面對上司惡狠狠地揮舞著" 解雇"
的大棒子鎮壓職員，而自己卻只能無可奈何地忍耐的時候；當你面對生意夥伴動輒以" 終止交易"
作威脅，自己幾乎要跪地求饒的時候......只要是遇到過這類事情的商場人士，即 便只有一次，也會痛徹地意識到自己作為乙的身份...
然而，市面上大部分勵志圖書都只談論甲的世界，主要強調「如何變成甲」，因此作者的用意就在於把「乙的世界」展示給大家看，如果不瞭解這個世界，是絕對不會成功的。乙的世界和甲的世界就像硬幣的雙面，所以乙的世界同時也是甲的世界...
一般社會上的乙們大致可以分成兩類，一類歷經千辛萬苦，找到新的人生出路；另一類卻發生了很多事，一次又一次地失敗，最終銷聲匿跡。只有無數次克服難關的乙們才能生存下來，最後變得越來越強大。在荊棘叢生的社會上，在與其他如狼似虎的殘酷的乙們的搏鬥中，在可惡的甲的蔑視中，乙必須學會和積累自己的秘訣，這就是乙的生存方法...
Hernry David Thoreau 說 「 你對自己的認識，決定你的命運。」，所以身為一個乙，即使今天忍受著恥辱，為了迎接可以笑著回憶今天的明天，乙們還是要忍氣吞聲，繼續奔跑，畢竟難堪、屈辱、侮辱、羞恥，過去之後僅僅是回憶的一部分，想脫離這種身分就應該提前做好準備，可以試著在企業內尋求其他的事情做，藉機增加自己的觸角以及提昇自己的能力，甚至是積極的籌劃創業之路，有備無患，否則等到情勢所逼的時候就為時已晚了...
書中作者也提到身為一個乙方必須具備的五種心態，包含「 放低自己 」、「 尊敬別人 」 、「 多為別人想想 」 、「 開放的心態」以及「創意性的思維」，作者特別強調，成功者都有個共同點，那就是謙虛，而創意對於乙來說真的很重要，因為創意就是金錢，如果成為具有豐富創意的人，首先需要學習，而最快的捷徑就是努力學習別人的創意，最後就如著有《腦內革命》的春山茂雄在自己書中所主張的「正面思考」...
這本書非常能夠引起讀者的共鳴，因為有太多的場景，透過作者細微的筆觸與觀察，表達的淋漓盡致，同時現代職場上的每個人也迫切需要尋求認同感以及心靈上的慰藉，而這些都可以在本書中找到，只是認同與慰藉或許重要，但其實更重要的是能夠真正的付諸行動，面對現況，採用作者的建議或者是自己有更好的方法，積極尋求突破才是...
P.S.本文大量引用《乙的生存法則》一書的內容...
The following two tabs change content below .
If you want to raise awareness of what Sys - Con are doing , please Digg this ! , also Reddit .
I 'm in utter disbelief over Sys - Con 's latest attack on me , following the defamatory article they published , then removed , earlier after I called them out on Ulitzer .
They 've now published an article titled " Turkish Web Designer Declares Death on Twitter " ( http://twitter.ulitzer.com/node/896664
- Update April 1 , 2009 : the page now appears to be showing a 404 ( no joke ! ) ) , following their post about Ted Patrick titled " Adobe 's Ted Patrick ( Adobe Ted ) Declares Death to SYS - CON Media " - http://web2.sys-con.com/node/896478).
In the article has my bio from the site , followed by the following text :
Company representatives contacted the Interpol and Scotland Yard to locate the Turkish Web Designer who is suspected to live in London .
Aral Balkan is said to be organizing an underground group to kill or bodily harm the company representatives according to his Twitter logs .
In 1980 , a Turkish assassin declared death to the Pope and in less than a year he escaped from his jail cell , traveled to Rome , and shot and wounded Pope John Paul II on May 13 , 1981 .
Others who acted after Aral Balkan 's Twitter instructions left harrassing comments on the Company 's website over the weekend , which were all turned over to the authorities , including FBI 's cyber crimes unit based in Washington D.C .
For the record , I am not organizing any group underground or otherwise to do anything to anyone and I have n't given anyone instructions over Twitter to do anything either .
Where do these people get off spouting such lies ?
This is a malicious campaign of defamation aimed towards me , if not something worse , and I 'm not going to take it lying down .
If you want to raise awareness of what Sys - Con are doing , please Digg this !
Here are screenshots of the site , in case they take it down again :
Update :
They seem to have modified the text , at least on one of their sites so that it now reads :
Aral Balkan seemed to be organizing a Twitter group who may harm the company representatives according to his Twitter logs .
If you want to raise awareness of what Sys - Con are doing , please Digg this ! , also Reddit .
Summary :
Canadian researchers say the organic compound allicin , which gives garlic its aroma and flavor , may be the world 's most powerful anti-oxidant .
Allicin is believed to give garlic its distinct aroma and flavor .
Until now it has n't been clear how Allicin works or how good it is compared with more common antioxidants like Vitamin E and Coenzyme Q10 .
Study leader Derek Pratt of Queen 's University in Kingston , Ontario , said that through experiments with synthetically produced allicin , the researchers found that an acid produced when the compound decomposes rapidly and reacts with radicals .
Organisms age because cells accumulate free radical damage over time .
" The reaction between the sulfenic acid and radicals is as fast as it can get .
No one has ever seen compounds , natural or synthetic , react this quickly as anti-oxidants " .
Source : upi.com
The Chevrolet Volt is approaching a major milestone as General
Motors prepares to build the first production prototypes , cars that " look , taste , smell and feel " and , of course , drive like the range - extended electric vehicle GM promises to put in showrooms by the end of next year .
The General will start building the first of these cars , known in the industry as integration vehicles , on June 1 and they 'll be tooling around within a couple of weeks .
So far all we 've seen are Malibu and Cruze test mules .
The cars we 'll see next month will be the real deal .
" These will be the first vehicles to both look like the production Volts and be powered by the Voltec propulsion system , " spokesman Rob Peterson told us .
That 's significant , because production prototypes are the cars that get shaken down , beaten up and tested more thoroughly than Lance Armstrong to make sure they meet GM 's quality standards and federal safety regulations .
Building the cars also irons out any kinks in the manufacturing process so the assembly line runs smoothly .
It offers convincing evidence that GM is on track to deliver its first range - extended EVs by November , 2010 .
Our friend Lyle Dennis over at GM - Volt.com says
Andrew Farrah , the lead engineer on the Volt project , has a clock on his wall counting down the days until the first production prototype will be built at GM 's pre-production plant in Warren , Mich .
These cars will " will look , taste , smell and feel like the
Volt , " Farrah said .
" They are the Volt .
My goal is by the Fourth of July to be out driving several of them . "
How many is several ?
GM plans to ramp up production to about 10 a week , and Peterson says the goal is to have a fleet of 80 by fall .
The cars " validate our production design and allow for continued testing of the overall vehicle , from crash and safety testing to the refinement of performance attributes , " Peterson said .
" They also provide us the opportunity to refine our manufacturing processes in preparation for high - volume production . "
Photo : General Motors
See Also :
gdm
kdm
I needed to set up a remote desktop with my netbook the other day ( why use that tiny screen when you do n't have to ? ) and expected to need to install additional software on the server side .
In fact , , the standard Gnome display manager , will handle this for you , as will the KDE version , With GDM , the standard Gnome display manager , setting up a remote desktop is a snap .
For gdm , edit /etc/gdm/gdm.conf ( on some systems this may be located at /etc/X11/gdm/gdm.conf ) .
For kdm , edit /etc/kde3/kdm/kdmrc .
In both cases , you must change the line in the [ Xdmcp ] section so it reads
Enable=true
gdmsetup
gdm
If there 's no Enable line , add it .
Save the file , and restart the display manager so the change will take effect .
You can also use theutility to configuregraphically , if you prefer .
On the client side , just type
Xnest - query remotemachine.com - geometry 1280x1024 :1
and you should get a login screen for your remote machine .
You can give the IP address instead of the name if you prefer .
This should work from either Mac ( if X11 is running ) or Linux .
If you get a security error , try xhost remotemachine .com on your local machine ( this adds the machine to the allowed list ) and then the Xhost line again .
If you get a " Server is already active for display " error , check that you remembered to put : 1 on the end : Otherwise the server will default to :0 , which conflicts with your existing desktop .
You can also try : 2 if there 's a conflict with
:1 .
For a more complicated setup , something like VNC may be better , but this method is quick , easy , and does a good basic job .
Tragic teenage couple Reinhard Wallecker , 18 , and Stefanie Tanzer , 17 , had slipped into the garage at Wallecker 's family home after finding his parents were in the house .
But as temperatures plummeted to - 15C , Wallecker is believed to have turned the engine and heater on in his Mazda 323 to warm them up .
The tragic lovers were found the next morning when Tanzer 's father dad battered down the door of the garage in Ternitz , Austria , after searching for his daughter .
He discovered the young couple suffering from carbon - monoxide poisoning and desperately tried to resuscitate the pair while waiting for an ambulance .
It is the second death of young lovers killed after parking their car and leaving the engine running to keep warm .
Adnan Ghalib : Bench Warrant Issued for His Arrest
It looks like Papacould be free of one headache for the next several years if all goes right .
Pop singerex - boyfriendhas been charged with three felonies and could face up to seven years behind bars .
What did Adnan do ?
He ran into a process server with his car and then fled the scene on February 11 .
He has been charged with hit and run , assault with a deadly weapon and battery - all felonies .
A bench warrant has been issued for his arrest and prosecutors hope to get a judge to set bail at $ 110,000 .
The documents that Ghalib was trying to avoid being served were from the Spears camp .
The server suffered a broken wrist and cuts and bruises .
The photo above was taken almost a year ago , but it seemed very fitting for this story .
Photo : WENN
Tristan Anderson was critically injured Friday March 13 in village of Ni’lin , near the central West Bank city of Ramallah , after Israeli forces shot him in the head with a tear - gas canister .
US - funded Israeli military forces attacked a demonstration against the construction of the annexation wall through the village of Ni’lin ’s , encroaching on the land , livelihood and dignity of the local residents .
Another resident from Ni’lin was shot in the leg with live ammunition .
Israeli military continued to fire teargas directly at clearly marked paramedics as the wounded .
The ambulance was detained outside the village by the IDF , but finally allowed to pass and tend to Tristan .
In 2004 , the International Court of Justice found all parts of the wall being built on Palestinian land illegal and that these portions should be removed .
Last month Israeli bulldozers uprooted the villages olive trees and militarily invaded the village .
Four Ni’lin residents have been killed during demonstrations against the confiscation of their land , including ten year - old Ahmed Mousa .
Monday is also the 6th anniversary of the death of Rachel Corrie .
Tristan is a well - loved Bay Area community member , independent journalist and longtime frontline human rights , global justice / anti-capitalist , antiwar and environmental activist .
Friends of Tristan and Palestine
More Info and Updates : Indybay.org
Added to the calendar on Saturday Mar 14th , 2009 11:37 AM
Today , The Pirate Bay trial will probably come to an end , but not before the defendants ' lawyers have their final say .
All four lawyers call for their clients to be acquitted on various grounds , while offering caution to the court to ignore the politic aspects of the trial .
As The Pirate Bay returns after being offline all night , the lawyers of defendants Fredrik Neij , Gottfrid Swartholm , Peter Sunde and Carl Lundström present their closing statements to the court .
Apparently , Fredrik ( TiAMO ) got the site back up from inside the courtroom .
“ I fixed the Pirate Bay from inside the courtroom just minutes ago .
The site is back online , ” he told blogger Oscar Swartz .
First to appear is Fredrik Neij ’s lawyer , Jonas Nilsson .
He said that the technology behind TPB is completely legal and Fredrik never had the intention to violate anyones copyrights – his main interest was the technology at the site and he was a technician there .
Nilsson went on to say that it has not been established that the bulk of the material accessible via TPB is copyrighted and it has not been shown that any of the material has been exploited commercially .
Nilsson says there are grounds to dismiss the indictment .
These are i ) the operations of TPB are permissible under the law , ii ) there is a certain amount of uncertainty as to the technical aspects of the case against TPB and iii ) there are serious shortcomings in the investigation against the four .
Nilsson again argued that TPB operates legally in every sense .
The site is open in nature and it is the the site ’s users that decide what content TPB tracks and this is not a decision made by the operators .
Every site in the world could link to copyright material , he argued .
This is not a TPB problem , this is a worldwide Internet problem , he noted .
Neither has it been shown that Fredrik made any money from the site argued Nilsson .
There was some advertising revenue generated by the site , he said , but this went to cover the site ’s operating costs .
Turning to the accusations that the staff of TPB had an attitude problem , Nilsson says that everyone has a right to their own opinion and just because the site is named the way it is , it does not indicate anything in particular .
The site , he said , offers only a passive search function .
Nilsson believes that the indictment against Fredrik Neij should be dismissed because he knew nothing about any of the torrent files referenced in the case against him .
Furthermore , he says there is no evidence that Neij encouraged anyone to commit a crime .
Going on to attack the technical evidence against his client , Nilsson said that it does n’t hold up .
It is not clear that Fredrik made any of the works available , there is no evidence which indicates any time for the alleged offenses and there is no proof that TPB ’s trackers were used for such – the screenshots just are n’t enough .
There is no evidence indicating who did any uploading and it has not been shown that the individuals doing so had even committed any offense in their own jurisdictions .
Furthermore , the Prosecution has not shown how any of the individuals are connected to TPB , and he mostly talks about ‘ The Pirate Bay ’ as a whole – which is n’t sufficient in a criminal trial as individuals must be referenced .
Turning to the damages brought against his client , Nilsson said the recording industry has simply calculated itself what it believes the damages should be , and at no point has any independent or objective data been presented to the court .
Furthermore , since they have not proven that Fredrik was connected to any of the copyright works , the damages claim against him should be dismissed .
The court then took a short break .
Next to make his arguments was Ola Salomonsson , representing Gottfrid Svartholm .
He said that he has seen no proof that TPB indexes mostly copyright content and it seems that the only person who bothered to collect such data was Peter Sunde , and he reported 80 % of indexed material as non-copyrighted .
The Prosecution did n’t bother to collect any data on this issue , he said , and therefore cannot claim the opposite to be true .
Salomonsson said that the Prosecution never tried to contact any of the seeders on the site , who the Prosecution allege that the four must have had contact with .
There is no proof that TPB ’s tracker was used in any of the infringements highlighted in the case , he added .
Going on , Salomonsson spoke about Gottfrid ’s comments yesterday when he called the Roswall “ a crazy bastard ” for the way he calculated the damages .
This comment was because the Prosecutor has his sums wrong , he said , noting that while the Prosecutor claims there are 64 adverts on TPB , there are really just 4 .
Salomonsson said the revenue is closer 700,000 kroner rather than the millions claimed .
Furthermore , he says that the advert deal shown to the court many times never actually came about , so therefore it should not be accepted as evidence .
Salomonsson said Gottfrid always believed that TPB operates legally .
He said the site had never been issued with any injunctions ordering it to stop its activities .
Referring to the testimony of Roger Wallis , he said it had embarrassed the plaintiffs and put a big question mark over the massive damages they are claiming from the defendants and that common sense says that any claim must be drastically reduced .
Speaking of a possible jail sentence , Salmonsson said that such a result does not feel right at all .
The court took a short break and returned with Peter Althin , Peter Sunde ’s lawyer .
He opened by saying that this has been a difficult trial for everyone involved and that when there are developments in technology , the establishment reacts against them .
Turning to the huge claimed damages , Althin said there is no proven link between material being downloaded from the Internet and any lost sales , so therefore calls for all the damages claims to be dismissed .
Furthermore , he said that all of the ‘ evidence ’ produced by the Prosecution in respect of the damages claim was not collated independently and therefore was n’t an objective assessment .
He went on to say that since Peter had committed no crimes , there should be no claims for damages against his client .
As for the way the Prosecution dealt with witness Roger Wallis , Althin said it was at the least highly insulting .
Instead of attacking Wallis ’ arguments , he said the Prosecution chose to launch personal attacks against him .
Calling the attacks against Wallis “ pathetic ” , Althin said he would do everything he could to restore Wallis ’ reputation .
Althin told the court that Peter Sunde is just the spokesman of TPB and did not hold the position in the site that the Prosecution claim .
Althin said that the Prosecution skipped quickly over talk about Peter at the summing up yesterday for this very reason , indicating a lack of confidence in their own claims .
Althin said that just because Peter knows the other defendants , it does not follow that he committed any crime and just because he gave some advice as to the running of the site , the same stands .
“ If I call Saab [ motor company ] and tell them to paint their cars green so they sell more , I have no responsibility for Saab , ” he said .
Referring to the contested advertising agreement , Althin said that references were made to Founder 1 ( Fredrik ) and Founder 2 ( Gottfrid ) .
There is no reference to Peter .
He added that Peter was not even originally a suspect in the case and his client has never made any money from being on the site .
He called for the case against his client to be dismissed .
The court then took a short break and returned with Per E Samuelson , lawyer for Carl Lundström .
Samuelson opened by saying that during the case the Prosecution missed the main key point – Is The Pirate Bay legal or not ?
He said that all four defendants should be acquitted since the Prosecution failed to issue individual charges as is required in a criminal case .
Everything the Prosecution has described has been about the operations of TPB as a whole , not the individuals .
He went on to say that TPB was not unique and it has a lot in common with many other sites , which makes the judgment in this case very important , maybe of entire EU significance .
Samuelson said the service provided by TPB is a legal one but due to the ‘ blind ’ nature of the site , it can be open to misuse and any such activity is carried out by the site ’s users , not the defendants .
Echoing comments by Peter Althin , Samuelson said that when new technology appears it can be difficult to “ see the wood for the trees ” .
He said that just because something may have been used by people for illicit purposes , should that mean that there should be an attack on the infrastructure as a result ?
It ’s like taking legal action against car manufacturers for the problems experienced on the roads , he said .
While stressing that operations at TPB are entirely legal , Samuelson said that there had been a lot of politics involved in the trial and he urged everyone in the Court to try to ignore these aspects .
Turning to the allegations that his defendant assisted others in committing crimes , Samuelson said that there had to be a recorded major crime in the first instance .
He said it seems that no - one is aware of when any alleged offenses were committed and furthermore , no - one knows who committed them .
There can be no charge of aiding and abetting when the accused have had no contact and do not even know the person who committed an offense .
Samuelson used some information from previous cases to prove his point .
Samuelsson went on saying that he did n’t really understand all the technology that is involved when he first started on the case , but that it is essential to this case .
It is a case against an infrastructure that is used to share files , many of which are legal , he argued .
He hoped the judge would realize this .
Without mentioning King Kong Samuelsson told that the accused have to be aware of the main crimes in order to be convicted , referring to the 33 copyrighted files that the defendants allegedly helped to make available .
However , witness Kristoffer Schollin stated last week that the accused can’t possibly be aware of every download on the site .
According to Samuelsson the prosecutor was pressured to take action against TPB by the music and movie industry .
Next , Samuelsson goes on to describe his client as a businessman who is only vaguely connected to TPB .
One of his customers ( PRQ ) hosted the site , but his client did n’t own the site , nor was he involved in maintaining or coding it .
That the prosecutor want to hold Lundstom accountable for the 33 downloads seems to be far fetched according to the lawyer .
Moreover , Carl Lundstrom stopped doing business with TPB when his lawyer warned him that the activities may be illegal .
After a short break all the lawyers and defendants went through their expense claims .
Fredrik Neij claimed compensation for a plane ticket to Thailand which he could n’t cancel and thus will cost more for him to book now .
The others claimed their expenses as well .
The court further announced that the verdict is due on April 17 and ended the trial .
This is a developing story , please check back for updates
[ Note : The initial math I did here was wrong ; off by a factor of 5 or so because I forgot to add in a piece of needed physics !
I correct it in this post below , and give details in the following post . ]
Wow : two satellites have collided in orbit , destroying both .
This is the first time such a major collision has ever occurred .
The satellites were Cosmos 2251 , a Russian communication relay satellite that 's been defunct for a decade , and an Iridium satellite , one of a fleet of communication satellites launched by Motorola in the late 90s and early 2000s .
The speeds involved are somewhat higher than your standard traffic collision .
Satellites at this height above the Earth -- about 800 kilometers -- have an orbital speed of about 8 km / sec .
However , these two satellites were on similar orbits , tilted with respect to each other by about 12 degrees .
If I have accurate numbers , the physics of the situation means the collision speed was about 1.5 km / sec or so , which is pretty dang fast .
Because of the way orbits work , this is about the same as the actual collision speed .
There have been collisions in space before , but never from such large satellites -- the Iridium bird was about 700 kg , and the Cosmos was about the same -- and never resulting in a total wipeout like this .
Again , if I have my numbers about right , the explosion resulting from the energy of impact would have been about the same as detonating a ton 5 tons of TNT .
That 's a lot .
It 's easily enough to totally destroy both satellites , and in fact the U.S. Space Surveillance Network has detected a substantial amount of debris , at least 600 pieces .
At the moment , that debris is expanding in a cloud , and is still too high to threaten the space station which orbits at less than half the height where the satellites collided ... but eventually the debris will pass through the altitude of the ISS .
It 's not clear yet how much danger the station is in .
Satellites in similar orbits as the two that hit are in the most immediate danger , but again it 's unclear what will happen .
I 'll post more as I get more info .
Tip o' the Whipple Shield to Jim Oberg , Douglas H Troy , and Davide De Martin .
Freedom is so passe at Ground Zero .
Once hailed as a beacon of rebirth in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 terror attacks , the Freedom Tower ’s patriotic name has been swapped out for the more marketable One World Trade Center , officials at the Port Authority conceded today .
But more than seven years after the terror attacks and amid an effort to market the iconic tower to international tenants , sentiment gave way to practicality .
“ As we market the building , we will ensure that the building is presented in the best possible way , ” said Port Authority Chairman Anthony Coscia .
“ One World Trade center is its address .
It ’s the address that we ’re using .
Its on the one that ’s easiest for people to identify with and frankly we ’ve gotten a very interested and warm reception to it . ”
Port Authority officials addressed the name change after signing a lease with the Chinese firm , Vantone Industrial , which is the first private tenant to take space in the 2.6 million square foot tower .
Vantone will lease 190,000 square feet over six floors .
David Beckham admitted it would be " difficult " if he has to return to LA Galaxy after his loan spell at Milan comes to an end .
Milan have officially loaned the 33 - year - old until the end of the season but his parent club have demanded that he return on 9 March for the beginning of the MLS season .
Milan remain confident they will sign Beckham on a permanent deal , however , and the player has remained unequivocal in his desire to stay .
" It would be difficult to go back after everything that has happened , " said the former England captain after yesterday 's Milan derby .
" I have said that I want to stay but I will stay professional and do what I have to do . "
Asked if his future would be decided in the next 48 hours , Beckham replied : " I do n't know .
Talks have been going on and on and everyone seems to be talking about it but it 's out of my hands .
We 'll know more in the next week . "
Beckham also confirmed that his performance here was hampered by a calf injury .
" I had a kick against Spain on Wednesday and it did n't really clear up and I had another kick on the same place — my calf — tonight . "
Beckham was only briefly effective before being replaced early in the second half , as Internazionale extended their lead at the top of Serie A to 10 points , and moved 11 clear of their city rivals .
" We are quite far behind Inter now , we were quite far behind before the game started and we needed to win it , " reflected Beckham .
" But you never know , this league is up and down .
There 's a chance but it is a slim chance . "
If Beckham 's reputation is his currency , Jose Mourinho 's is inflating .
Significant factions at Inter would surely be happy if — as he has hinted — he was to walk away after delivering the Scudetto , but his suitors would be numerous .
This was his 110th home game without defeat , a run stretching back seven years to his first season at Porto .
Goals from Adriano and Dejan Stankovic put Inter 2 - 0 in front and they were dominant for over an hour .
Alexandre Pato briefly unsettled the hosts with a sublime goal and Inter rode their luck when Filippo Inzaghi had a goal ruled out for offside , but Mourinho had made his point .
Italian football may have lost some of its lustre but it flexed its muscles last night .
Kaka 's ankle injury allowed Ronaldinho a start for Milan , yet Andriy Shevchenko was omitted entirely , as was Hernán Crespo from Inter 's squad .
Their advancing years can hardly be mitigation , with the two sides fielding a combined 20 players aged over 30 in their match - day squads .
Mourinho had said before the game that Serie A was " for people who love and understand the game " .
Yet Inter were the more direct side , redolent at times of Mourinho 's Chelsea .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic could have scored after a minute and Stankovic should have finished better when , five yards out , he hesitated long enough for Massimo Ambrosini to slide in with an astonishing cover tackle .
Inter 's opening goal in the 29th minute punctured Milan 's resolve .
Maicon , the effervescent Brazilian right - back whose fitness was such a concern for Mourinho , crossed for his compatriot Adriano , who fluffed his header before cuffing the ball into the net .
Milan hardly protested but Inter were lifted with Maicon becoming the focal point of their play , tormenting his opposing left - back Marek Jankulovski .
Inter 's polished game was again evident at their second goal , as Ibrahimovic rose above Kakha Kaladze and placed a cushioned header into the path of Stankovic .
The Serbian glided away from his marker before finishing sweetly from 15 yards .
By now Milan were becalmed , preoccupied by the deficit in both the derby and the league .
There seemed to be no way back and Beckham , no longer able to call on his old reserves of energy , did not look like a saviour .
Neither did Maldini , the veteran of 1,028 matches in his 56th — and last — derby .
The 40 - year - old Milan icon was powerless as Ibrahimovic , Adriano and Inter exploited him mercilessly in their colour - coded lime - green boots .
At the other end Pato was horribly isolated , his twinkle - toed runs wrong - footing cover yet bereft of support .
Carlo Ancelotti , the Milan manager , had seen enough and on 57 minutes Beckham , dolefully patting his left leg , was replaced by Inzaghi .
Pato seemed lifted , and responded with a sublime goal on 70 minutes .
Ronaldinho pushed the ball towards Jankulovski , making a rare run down the left before squaring accurately for Pato to finish past Julio Cesar .
Milan had further chances , mostly for the brilliant Pato , and Inzaghi had an equaliser chalked off by the linesman 's flag .
Mourinho responded with a modern attempt at catenaccio and , while Milan fumbled for the keys , Inter held out for the win .
CID Documents
( released by the Government in Novermber 2008 , released by the ACLU 2/11/09 | More Torture Documents Released Under FOIA )
FileName DocNumber Agency Title IncidentDate RecordDate DateReleased SpecificLocation Description
DODDOACID011770 DODDOACID011770-013418 CID CID Report of Investigation
11/30/02-12/10/02
11/26/2008 11/5/2008 Bagram Control Point , Bagram , Afghanistan Investigation into the deaths of two detainees at the Bagram Control Point ( BCP ) in Bagram , Afghanistan .
Both detainees were determined to have been killed by blood clots that were dislodged and travelled to their hearts , causing pulmonary embolism .
The blood clots , and their subsequent dislodging , were caused by sustained standing chained in place , as well as by sleep deprivation and dozens of beatings by guards and possibly interrogators .
The investigation reveals systems of torture perpetrated by Military Intelligence and the Military Police guards at the BCP , as well as allegations of torture at joint American - Afghani prisons in Kabul , and maltreatment at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
The torture at BCP takes many forms , including beatings , sleep deprivation , being chained standing to a fixed object for periods exceeding 24 hours , allegations of sexual torture and humiliation , allegations of the use of dogs both to degrade and frighten the detainees , and degradation through the forced performance of emasculating and disgusting tasks , such as the forcing of a detainee to pick plastic bottle caps out of a latrine can filled with feces .
DODDOACID013419 DODDOACID013419-013959 CID CID Report dated Nov 27 , 2006
6/13/2003
11/27/2006 11/5/2008 Baghdad International Airport ( BIAP ) , This report investigates alleged the Homicide or Involuntary Manslaughter of a detainee , Dilar Dababa , by U.S. Forces .
On the evening of June 12 , 2003 , Dababa was captured by Coalition Forces and transported to BIAP .
Throughout the night , soldiers forced him to do " physical training " : he was made to kneel down and stand up repeatedly , lie down and standup , and hold a box above his head while lying down that he dropped on his face and torso when his arms tired .
After training , a soldier constructed a stinkbomb using a Meal Ready to Eat heater , tabasco sauce , and water , and placed it in Dababa 's cell .
The stinkbomb caused respiratory agitation and coughing .
In the morning of June 13 , 2003 , Dababa attempted to escape , during which two soldiers subdued him using " necessary force . "
One soldier punched Dababa above the left eye which caused a laceration about 2.5 cm wide that required sutures .
After medical examination , he had no indications of serious injury .
That evening , Dababa was found dead lying on the ground in his cell .
An autopsy revealed that he died of a closed head injury that caused hemorrhaging within the brain .
There was insufficient evidence to prove or disprove that soldiers committed Homicide or Involuntary Manslaughter ; however , the investigation established probable cause that the guard , who made the stink bomb , committed Dereliction of Duty and Cruelty and Maltreatment .
DODDOACID013960 DODDOACID013960-014079 CID CID Report of Investigation
5/12/04 - 6/8/04 9/15/2005 11/5/2008 Special Operations Force Compound in Mosul Airfield , AKA : " The Disco " , Mosul , Iraq
This report investigates alleged aggravated assault , cruelty , and maltreatment of an Iraqi prisoner by U.S. forces .
He states that he was held at the Disco for approximately one month , during which he was abused almost continuously  ( 13967 ) .
The abuse consisted of several methods : 1 ) filling his jumpsuit with ice , then hosing him down and making him stand for long periods of time , sometimes in front of an air conditioner ; 2 ) forcing him to lay down and drink water until he gagged , vomited or choked , 3 ) having his head banged against a hot steel plate while hooded and interrogated ; 4 ) being forced to do leg lifts with bags of ice placed on his ankles , and being kicked when he could not do more .
The detainee also alleges that stones were thrown at him and that he was hit by a translator .
The 48th Military Police Detachment and 3rd Military Policy Group ( CID ) began investigating the allegations on August 8 , 2004 , and upon finding that the Navy ran and supervised The Disco , turned jurisdiction of the investigation over to Naval Criminal Investigative Service on September 15 , 2005 .
There is no conclusion or recommended conclusion in this report .
DODDOACID014080 DODDOACID014080-017332 CID
Case Disposition on Case Number 0003-04- CID
149-83130
11/10/03-2/16/05 2/22/2007 11/5/2008 Abu
Ghraib
This CID Report investigates numerous allegations of abuse and torture that occurred in September and November of 2003 in Iraq 's Abu Ghraib Prison .
Included in the file is the testimony of detainee victims and members of the 372nd MP who perpetrated and / or witnessed abuse .
The investigation established probable cause to believe that members of the 372nd MP were implicated in offenses such as Assault , Indecent Acts , Dereliction of Duty , Cruelty and Maltreatment , Conspiracy , Obstruction of Justice , Sexual Abuse and False Official Statement .
In the cases of only two individuals did CID agents fail to establish probable cause after investigating the allegations against them .
Photographic evidence of these abuses is discussed at length , but not included in the file .
# 831058 +( 2840 ) - [ X ] < Greg >
Statistically speaking , there are two popes per square kilometer in Vatican City ...
The Southern California housing situation is deteriorating even further with the recent report showing that the median price is now back to $ 250,000 ; at this level we would have to go back to February of 2002 which means we have erased 6 years of price gains .
And we are not far from 2000 price levels .
The median price of a Southern California home on January of 2000 was $ 209,000 .
Many doubted that we would face a lost decade but here in California we are certainly going to have our lost housing decade similar to what Japan faced in their overall economy .
In this report , I ’m going to put to rest some misconceptions floating around and once again , we hear the bottom callers out in full force but their conviction is weaker since they have been proven wrong over and over again .
First , the new $ 275 billion Homeowner Affordability and Stability Plan will not help California , especially Southern California .
Why ?
First , the plan virtually rules out all Option ARM loans since it will only cover loans guaranteed or backed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
In a way , the plan will force toxic waste lenders or those who have these notes on their books further into their corners .
Another point is the plan will only refinance loans up to 105 % of the actual home value .
Well , in SoCal where the median price is now $ 250,000 all those that paid the peak $ 505,000 price are nowhere near 105 % ratios especially if they paid the negative amortization portion of their Option ARM .
This I view as good .
These toxic mortgages had no right in the marketplace .
The plan will also open up the door to mortgages being reworked in bankruptcy court which is important .
In addition , there is a portion looking to lower the balance of mortgages via the government and lender through a matching program .
They are trying to get debt - to - income ratios below 38 % .
Overall , this plan isolates places like California and Florida which is the right move since most of the toxic products reside in these states .
I ’m not sure why the bottom callers think this plan will help California when the program will most likely help Americans in the heartland ( aka , homes around or below $ 200,000 ) .
Initial claims on unemployment still remain high with 5,000,000 Americans receiving some form of jobless benefits .
These are definitely tough times and this will be the longest recession since the Great Depression .
California has one of the highest unemployment rates yet some people still think that this bodes well for housing prices and are calling bottoms .
Insanity .
They fail to examine the facts and spend two minutes to think through the logic and math of it all before blurting out “ bottom ! ”
These people calling bottom fail to realize that the Dow is now below the November lows .
But what do you expect from people that justified housing prices on their way upward ?
Before we move on , let us first look at a chart I put together looking at the entire Southern California region :
* Click for shaper picture
What is stunning is the velocity of prices falling is much quicker than the process upward while we were in the bubble .
This is typical in bubbles .
The crash is more ferocious than the mania .
What do I mean ?
Let us look how long it took us to go from $ 250,000 to the peak of $ 505,000 :
Median SoCal Price
February 2002 : $ 246,000
March 2007 : $ 505,000
[ 5 years and 1 month to reach peak from $ 250,000 ]
July 2007 : $ 505,000
January 2009 : $ 250,000
[ 1 year and 6 months to lose 5 years of gains ]
And this is how bubbles burst .
That is why I urge you to read the 10 reasons California will not hit bottom until 2011 because many factors are at play here .
The media many times is quick to report headline data from certain sources which can be misleading .
Sales have jumped but what areas reported record sales ?
Perris , Victorville , Temecula , and other areas in the Inland Empire .
What is the median price for the Inland Empire ?
San Bernardino : $ 162,000
Riverside : $ 195,000
And you ’ll get many cherry pickers pointing out that the median price for the region is down because of these two regions but across all counties , prices are down from 40 to 50 percent from peak prices .
Do n’t think so ?
Let us look at two of the most populace and high priced counties :
LA Peak : $ 550,000 ( August 2007 )
LA January 2009 : $ 300,000
Drop of $ 250,000
Orange County Peak : $ 646,000 ( June 2006 )
Orange County Jan 09 : $ 370,000
Drop of $ 276,000
So as you can see , even the counties considered to be “ more prime ” are seeing prices collapse .
And they will continue to come down .
People are having a sigh of relief given the California budget being passed but fail to even read the actual budget .
Massive cuts and tax hikes are coming .
How is this a sign of relief ?
Do you think this is going to help the California housing market ?
It will not .
We have further to go especially given that 2009 will be the first year with major Option ARMs coming home to roost .
One of the headlines I saw today stated “ Southland home sales surge ” but let us see how this looks on a chart :
38 % of all homes sales last month were in the Inland Empire .
And keep in mind the home sales that did occur in the other counties were mostly at lower prices .
Foreclosure resales now make up 58 % of all homes sold for Southern California .
But looking at the chart above , that “ surge ” does n’t seem to really stand out .
Sure , we are up from the absolute rock bottom point but the only reason homes are moving is that prices are being slashed to the point where the entire region is now off by 50 % .
That bottom if you recall was a point of massive delusion where many people simply refused to lower prices .
I remember only a few years ago when people would comment on the blog thinking a 10 % drop was impossible in California .
Those days are long gone and so is that argument .
The bottom line is prices are still too high given local area incomes , employment , schools , and neighborhood data .
Given the severity of this bubble , we may see rent to PITI ratios come much closer in line .
That is , owning a home at some point will only be slightly more expensive than renting a home .
I ’ve added some grid lines to the chart above to show that not once since mid to late 2006 have we crossed the 25,000 a month homes sold line .
Forget about 30,000 or 35,000 which we crossed many times during the bubble heyday .
So the fact that we sold 15,227 homes in SoCal last month is nothing to shout about but since when have the mainstream headlines come close to being right this past decade ?
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
Welcome to " Old Jews Telling Jokes " a series created by Sam Hoffman and born in an empty storefront in Highland Park , New Jersey in the summer of 2008 .
Please check out all of our videos here and be sure to visit our Facebook Page to catch up on the latest news and leave us a ( nice ) message .
Also please visit our " Old Jews Telling Jokes " Store to buy yourself something fun to remember us by .
We 'd do the same for you .
" Old Jews Telling Jokes " is Trademarked and utilized via permission from the Owner .
DISCOUNT FRAGRANCE OILS FOR CATALYTIC AND EFFUSION LAMPS
If you ’re looking for the most effective and efficient way to fragrance your home , fragrance lamp oils are the perfect choice .
The Lamp Stand ’s extensive selection of top - selling oil refills are all suitable for use in any brand of fragrance lamp ( also called catalytic or effusion lamps ) , including Lampe Berger .
Our best - selling brands include Scentimental Scents , Sophia ’s , La Tee Da , Tyler , Alexandria ’s , Greenleaf and Lampe Senteur .
Fragrance lamps and oils are our signature product at The Lamp Stand .
They are how we got our start in 2006 , and we take great pride in offering our customers the highest - quality brands at the best prices .
With our low - price guarantee , free - wick offer , and free shipping on all orders over $ 65 , we guarantee you will not find a better deal online !
As per CARB , fragrance lamp oils may NOT ship to California .
Question :
What is the most fragrant and long lasting lamp oil ?
Answer :
Although that is a very good question , there is n't a " right " answer for it .
Since everyone 's sense of smell varies greatly , it really is more of an experimenting process to find which fragrance lamp oil scents and brands seem stronger or more fragrant to you personally .
Some of the brands that we 've tried in our offices ourselves , and have received positive reviews from customers are the Scentimental Scents brand , La Tee Da , and Lampe Berger .
The top scents in each brand are listed below : Scentimental Scents - Bird of Paradise , Butter Vanilla , Cashmere , Cinnamon Apple , Gardenia , Lavender , Mediterranean Fig , New Orleans , White Linen La Tee Da - Smoke & Mirrors , Monogrammed Linens , Pandemonium Patchouli , Idyllic Refuge , Front Porch Lampe Berger - Ocean Breeze , Lavender Fields , Amber Powder , Charleston , Fresh Eucalyptus
Question : are there any retail outlets in the Dayton OH area that sell LaTeeDa fragrance oils for lamps ?
Answer :
We are not the manufacturer of La Tee Da Fragrance Lamp Oils , but we do ship their oils anywhere in the continental U.S. !
For information on La Tee Da Fragrance Oil outlets , you can contact La - Tee - Da directly at 1-800-246-1826 .
Question :
Are your oils like la - tee - da as for burning them u just pour an light the burner or wick .
Answer :
All oils found on this page of our website ( http://www.thelampstand.com/lampoils.html) are made for catalytic effusion lamps .
These oils will have " Fragrance Oil " or " Fragrance Lamp Oil " in the name and are designed to be used in a fragrance lamp , with a stone wick like the ones found here :
http://www.thelampstand.com/wicks.html
If you have questions about a specific oil , or need further assistance , do n't hesitate to contact our customer service department directly at 417-865-3725 or TheLampStand@yahoo.com
Question :
What is the scent most associated with Christmas ?
Answer :
Since everyone associates different scents with Christmas , it is hard to pinpoint one particular fragrance as the most Christmas -y scent .
However , there are some popular scents in a couple of our top Fragrance Lamp Oil brands that are best - sellers this time of year that you might consider : Scentimental Scents Fragrance Lamp Oils : - Christmas Cookie ( http://www.thelampstand.com/scentimental-scents-fragrance-lamp-oil-24-christmas-cookie.html)
- Christmas Tree ( http://www.thelampstand.com/scentimental-scents-fragrance-lamp-oil-24-christmas-tree.html)
- Christmas Pear ( http://www.thelampstand.com/scentimental-scents-fragrance-lamp-oil-24-christmas-pear.html)
La Tee Da Fragrance Lamp Oils : - Christmas Cheer ( Bayberry ) - Coming Home ( Clemintine & Pinecones ) - Fa-La-La-La-La La ( Roasted Walnuts0 - Hot Toddy ( Spicy Orange ) - Rockin ' Around ( Christmas Tree - Cedar / Balsam Pine )
Question : I have an Alexandria diffuser lamp .
Can I use Lampe Berger oil , or La tee da ?
Will your standard wick fit on this lamp ?
( 5.5inH )
Answer :
All of the brands of Fragrance Lamp Oils offered on our site including Lampe Berger and La Tee Da are manufactured to use in any type of Cataytic Effusion Fragrance Lamp .
These oils cannot be used in reed diffusers , however .
Without knowing the actual Alexandria 's fragrance lamp you are referring to , it is just an educated guess , but most standard / large size lamps will take the Large Replacement Wick ( Item # : LGWICK ) .
You can contact our customer service department at ( 417) 865-3725 with your lamp model to be certain before ordering , however .
You can find the Large Replacement wick on our site here : http://www.thelampstand.com/strewi.html
Diebold ' offices ' listed in yellow pages are mostly Wal - Marts Joe Byrne
Published : Sunday February 22 , 2009
Print This Email This
Across the country , curious bloggers are calling up their local Diebold offices , and no one is answering .
Utah is among the number of states that now use a partial or fully electronic election system , and Premier Election Solutions , a subsidiary of Diebold , is the company that sold the machines to the state .
To convince Utah decision - makers that Diebold was a big company with a substantial presence , Kathy Dopp , founder of UtahCountVotes.org , reported that a company representative told the decision - makers in 2006 that Diebold has about 20 offices in Utah . 
When pressed further , the representative refused to give the locations of any of the offices .
In fact , the White Pages lists 18 Diebold offices .
However , when calls were made to all of these offices , only one picked up the phone .
And when the addresses of offices listed under Diebold in the White Pages were visited , the addresses turned out to belong to either a Wal - Mart , a Sam 's Club , or no building at all .
In the end , 16 of the 18 Diebold offices in Utah listed in the White Pages were false listings .
One is in Salt Lake , and the other is in Bountiful .
A quick investigation by Bob Fertik on Democrats.com revealed that a similar scam existed in New York , with another Diebold listing in Buffalo turning out to be a Wal - Mart .
Out of 13 listings in Florida , 5 turned out to be Wal - Marts .
Similar office listings have been uncovered in Alabama , Mississippi , and New Hampshire .
Since the office listings exist in each state and not just in Utah , it is probably unlikely that the corporate branch in every state is acting independently of each other .
This is not the first time Diebold has found itself under fire for questionable business practices .
Shortly before the 2002 election , Georgia 's secretary of state , Cathy Cox , discovered that an unauthorized patch had been installed on some of the voting machines .
The state of California ordered that 15,000 of its Diebold voting machines not be used in the 2004 elections due to flaws that the company failed to disclose .
Maryland 's House of Delegates voted to ban the company from its electronic voting in 2006 .
The company has come under fire on numerous occasions for failing to protect its software from hackers .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
By politics.co.uk staff
A national student body of atheists and secularists has been formed to represent the interests of non-believers across the country .
The organisation - the National Federation of Atheist , Humanist and Secular Student Societies ( AHS ) - was established to counter the " prejudice and discrimination " atheists groups claim to have experienced across the country when establishing atheist groups .
Norman Ralph , president of the federation as well as Leeds Atheist Society ( LAS ) , told politics .
co.uk it would help new groups overcome the obstacles faced when he established his local organisation .
" We 've been undergoing what I would call prejudicial treatment for three years - since we 've been in existence , " he said .
" [ LAS ] took a year to set up because of the blocks put on us by the Christian and Islamic groups .
They said we would cause racial and religious hatred by existing , and that our goals were negative by definition and should n't be accepted .
" Since then we 've had constant issues with trying to get events organised because they say the content might cause offence to some members of the student union .
When we put banner or posters up they get defaced . "
The national federation , which was launched in central London today with addresses of support from prominent atheists Professor Richard Dawkins , Professor A C Grayling and Guardian columnist Polly Toynbee .
It will aim to provide a network , resources and a joint platform for the various student atheist societies .
" I am honoured to be present at the birth of this new movement , " Ms Toynbee said .
" We need to oppose zealotry and fanaticism of all sorts by promoting the positive and liberating case for believing that life on earth is precious because the here and now is all there is and that our destiny is in our own hands . "
Prof Dawkins added : " Why is belief in a higher power an indication of greater moral fortitude , character and acumen ?
The AHS says publicly that it is n't ; on the contrary , beliefs that are unsupported , bigoted or demand special privileges should always be challenged .
" No opinion should be protected from criticism simply by virtue of being religiously held . "
The launch comes at a time of unparalleled activity for secular groups in Britain .
A recent campaign to put atheist adverts on bendy - buses in London became so successful it was expanded across the country .
An attempt to have Advertising Standards ban the advert was rejected by the watchdog , but religious groups responded by launching their own series of adverts .
There have also been calls for Radio 4 to reconsider its
Thought for the Day slot on the Today programme , which is always delivered by a religious figure .
Hi , I ’m Mark Nottingham .
I currently co-chair the IETF HTTP and QUIC Working Groups , and am a member of the Internet Architecture Board .
I usually write here about the Web , protocol design , HTTP , and caching .
Find out more .
Stop it with the X - Already !
UPDATE : RFC6648 is now the official word on this topic .
Sometimes , it seems like every time somebody has a great idea for a new HTTP header , media type , or pretty much any other protocol element , they do the same thing .
Rather than trying to figure out how to fit into how the rest of the world operates , getting adequate review and socialising their proposal , they just stick a bloody X- on the front and ship it .
The IETF has no - one to blame but itself for this situation , of course .
X- was a convention designed for experimentation ( hence the ‘ x ’ ) .
However , the problem is in transitioning from experimental to production ; as soon as your header ( or whatever ) escapes the lab and has to interoperate with another system , it ’s no longer experimental , it ’s on the Internet .
Oops .
RFC4288 tried to address this situation for media types ;
However , with the simplified registration procedures described above for vendor and personal trees , it should rarely , if ever , be necessary to use unregistered experimental types .
Therefore , use of both “ x - ” and “ x. ” forms is discouraged .
Likewise , RFC3864 makes the same attempt for HTTP and all other message headers , albeit not so explicitly ; instead , by setting up a provisional header repository whose procedure consists of sending an e-mail , we hoped that people would n’t feel the need to use X- .
Perhaps in vain , unfortunately .
Dan points out how Palm has decided to extend HTML ;
A widget is declared within your HTML as an empty div with an x-mojo - element attribute .
< div x-mojo- element = ” ToggleButton ” id =” my - toggle ” ></div >
WTF ?
Let ’s Make it Easy
Because of this , I think we ( the standards community ‘ we ’ ) need to over - communicate how formats and protocols should be extended , and under what conditions ; indeed , this is one of the explicit goals we wrote into the HTTP bis charter .
Only then can we justifiably be angry with people who get it wrong .
In the meantime ;
If you ’re trying to introduce a new HTTP / SMTP / etc. header , the minimum bar is sending an e-mail to get it into the Provisional Header Repository , as per RFC3864 .
If you ’re trying to introduce a new media type , have a look at RFC4288 and consider the vnd tree .
If you ’re trying to extend HTML , talk to the XHTML , HTML5 and Microformats folks about that .
In none of these cases ( or , for that matter , any other case ) should an “ X - ” show its ugly little four - armed , dashed self .
A Few Words on URI - Based Extensibility
As Dan says , the TAG has weighed in on the proper way for formats to enable extensibility , using URIs .
This is very relevant to the discussions we ’re having about the Link header , since one of the goals is to retrofit URI - based extensibility onto the link relation type identifiers , so that people can ground them in a global namespace .
Atom started this practice , and so far , it ’s working reasonably well .
There may be a couple of bumps on the road ; as DeWitt points out , there are an awful lot of bare - word link relations in use in HTML already .
As such , I ’m suspecting that we ’re going to actually have three kinds of relation type identifiers in reality ; absolute URIs for well - identified extension relations , “ short ” registered identifiers for common well - identified relations , and “ short ” unregistered relations for ad hoc , locally - scoped and uncoordinated extension relations .
Also , I ’d be remiss if I did n’t point out that too much extensibility can be anti-social .
Which is why it ’s not only necessary how to extend something , but when not to .
Otherwise , everyone will be talking past each other using their own proprietary languages .
Mend normally confines its operations to southern Nigeria
An unidentified armed group has launched an attack on the presidential palace in Malabo , the capital of Equatorial Guinea .
The West African country 's ambassador to London accused Nigerian militants and said they had been repulsed .
But the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta ( Mend ) denied this , telling the BBC : " They are paranoid . "
President Teodoro Obiang Nguema was not in his official residence in the capital at the time , say reports .
The country , sub-Saharan Africa 's third biggest oil producer , has suffered decades of instability .
Scorn
The shoot - out is said to have lasted for several hours from the early hours of Tuesday .
By daylight , armed security forces had deployed in Malabo and erected roadblocks to search vehicles and check passengers ' identities , witnesses told AFP news agency .
Equatorial Guinean ambassador to London Augustin Nze Nfumu told the BBC's Focus on Africa programme : " I will categorically say there has n't been any coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea at all . "
He accused Mend and said the attackers had died when the security forces destroyed their boat .
Pouring scorn on Mend 's denials , he added : " I do n't think they [ the attackers ] are ghosts . "
The ambassador said Mend had been behind two bank robberies in Equatorial Guinea 's mainland city of Bata in December 2007 .
But not everything is as clear as the government of Equatorial Guinea would like , says West Africa analyst Anthony Goldman .
In raids on Nigerian militant training camps , security forces have found people from Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea
Analyst Anthony Goldman
Mend is a loose coalition of armed groups and it's not simple to say who is part of it and who is not .
" In raids on Nigerian militant training camps , security forces have found people from Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea , " Mr Goldman told the BBC .
" There is concern about who was training people to do what . "
Mend , which says it is fighting for a fairer distribution of wealth from Nigeria 's oil , has normally confined its operations to southern Nigeria and its offshore oil installations .
But the militant group has been linked to more ambitious attacks in recent months on vessels off the coast of Cameroon .
" It seems more like a criminal act than something political .
At the moment , the situation is calm , " a Spanish foreign ministry spokeswoman told Reuters news agency .
Madrid 's Radio Exterior de Espana Servicio Mundial reported another account which said forces loyal to British mercenary Simon Mann had tried to rescue him from a hospital he has been in for a few days .
Mann was sentenced to 34 years in jail last summer for his role in a 2004 coup plot in Equatorial Guinea .
President Nguema has ruled since 1979 after toppling his uncle in a coup .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
John Ging , the head of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency in Gaza , has said the region is ' on the cusp of catastrophe ' .
He was speaking after an Israeli air strike killed three Palestinians who were seeking refuge in a school run by the UN just outside Gaza City .
A food additive that is becoming more common in a variety of products has been linked to an increased risk of lung cancer as well as a more vigorous spread of the disease .
A study , published in the January issue of the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine , was performed in laboratory mice but , according to the authors , should serve as a warning to people with a high risk of lung cancer or who have the disease to avoid the additive -- inorganic phosphates -- as much as possible .
Inorganic phosphates are found in many processed foods , such as meats , cheeses , beverages and bakery products .
The substances are used to increase water content and improve food texture .
In the 1990s , the average adult daily diet contained about 470 milligrams of inorganic phosphates , said the lead author of the study , Myung - Haing Cho of Seoul National University .
But today 's intake could be more than 1,000 milligrams a day depending on one 's diet .
In the study , Cho fed mice with lung cancer a diet containing .5 % to 1 % of inorganic phosphate , which is comparable to the average amount in a human adult 's diet .
At the end of the four - week study , analysis of the lung tissue showed an increase in the size and growth of the tumors .
Inorganic phosphates stimulate certain cell signaling pathways that have been linked to the development of non -small cell lung cancer .
Cho says future studies should try to determine what is a safe level of inorganic phosphates in the diet .
" The results of this study suggest that dietary regulation of inorganic phosphates has a place in lung cancer treatment , " he said in a news release .
" Our eventual goal is to collect sufficient information to accurately assess the risk of these phosphates . "
Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths in the world .
-- Shari Roan
Photo credit : Advanced Cell Technology Inc .
In the comments for my review of “ The Art of Agile Development ” an old colleague asked me a few questions about Pair - Programming , one of the key tenets of XP ( which the book advocates ) .
My response so was so long and detailed that I felt it deserved it ’s own post .
My current job is the first one where I ’ve ever pair - programmed .
I actually recall interviewing for it , and I was asked if I had pair - programmed before .
I said sure , occasionally I would pull another developer over to my desk to help me and we ’d sit together to figure it out .
This apparently was a decent enough answer to the question that I got the job , but now that I ’ve been pair - programming nearly full - time for five months , I ’ve determined that what I was doing before was definitely not real pair - programming .
When I first heard I ’d be pairing at the new job , I was a bit apprehensive and skeptical .
Do I really have to sit next to some fat developer all day , 40 hours a week ?
When am I going to check my RSS feeds ?
What if the other developer is gassy or has n’t showered ?
How am I going to listen to my totally awesome Death Metal if I can’t wear headphones ?
Will the other developer be constantly judging and correcting my code ?
Will pairing prevent me from hitting “ the zone ” where I ’m just belting code out so fast that my fingers can’t keep up with my brain ?
Over the last five months , I ’ve found answers to all of these questions : “ no , ” “ often , ” “ that ’s rough , ” “ easily , ” “ sort of , ” and “ YES , but that ’s a good thing . ”
The Mechanics Of Pairing
The way pair programming works in practice is quite a bit different than I imagined it .
I envisioned a day where I could n’t escape the company of some other developer , constantly having eyes looking over my shoulder .
I ’m not a terribly social person , so the idea of interacting with a single human being all day was not my idea of a good time .
In reality , you do n’t sit down at a desk with another person and work all day with them .
You pair up for tasks .
So , once all of the stories for the iteration have had concrete tasks assigned to them , people pair up to do them .
So a dev and I might pick a specific task and work on it together .
Two other devs pick another task .
My pairing partner and I sit at a big 30 inch monitor and work on the task ( just that task ) together .
Generally when you pair one person is the “ driver ” and one is the “ navigator ” so one person is implementing code and the other is thinking of design implications , refactoring opportunities , or the “ next step ” for the task .
If you get stuck or pause or just want to switch , you pass the keyboard to the other person and switch roles .
When doing Test - Driven Development , one of the things we do is called “ ping - pong pairing ” .
So the other developer will write a test , then make it compile but fail .
Then he passes the keyboard to me .
I implement the feature just enough to make the test pass , then I write another failing test and pass it back .
When the task is done and code is checked in , the pair breaks up .
Generally tasks only have 2 hour estimates ( sometimes less ) so you ’re only pairing for the two hours .
Then you pair up with someone else to work on another task .
If a task is taking longer than expected , or the pair “ goes dark ” ( meaning they are n’t talking ) then you shuffle the pairings .
Between these tasks , you might go have lunch , or take a break from coding to watch a video on youtube at your desk , or check your RSS reader for a few minutes , or go take a walk , or go downstairs and play some ping pong or foosball .
We take breaks often because getting away from the code for a few minutes helps keep a fresh perspective when you come back to the task .
Physical activities like walking or playing ping pong help with blood circulation , which helps your brain .
It ’s also nice to have an odd number of developers , which we do .
This way , one person is working without pairing .
Usually this person will work on a defect instead of a story , or they ’ll work on a story where everyone understands what needs to be done for that part of the code .
If you do n’t feel like pairing or you need a break , you volunteer to be the odd man out for a task .
When I first started pairing , I frequently volunteered to be the odd man out and work alone .
Today , having been pairing for a few months , generally I try my hardest to avoid being the odd man out .
In an 8 hour day , I ’m probably pairing somewhere between 4 and 6 hours noncontiguously .
It ’s important to have a good setup for it - big monitors , comfortable chairs , no corner desks ( so that the devs can be side by side at the flat desk with the monitor between them ) .
Effectiveness
I see pairing work so well every day that I consider my career prior to my current job to have consisted mostly of wasting time .
When I think back to all the code I ’ve written for a job , I ’m annoyed at how much less efficient I was then since I was n’t pairing , and how much better my code and my products would have been if I had paired on them full time .
When you have a second person working with you , you find that you try harder to code well .
You ’re far , far less likely to be willing to apply duct tape to a problem , because someone else is working with you and he or she is more likely to object to the duct tape .
If two people approve a hack and implement it , it ’s almost certainly because it ’s the right approach given the time constraints .
If one person sitting alone decides to pursue a hack , it ’s more likely to be a situation where there is a better approach .
Two people attacking a design problem together is easier than one person doing it .
Your partner will think of things you do n’t , and vice versa .
In a non-pairing environment , you can always call someone to a whiteboard to help you work through a design issue , but when you do that you ’re only calling for help when you know you need it .
The times when you need help and do n’t know it go unaddressed - and yet despite the fact that you need help , I guarantee that you ’re coding SOMETHING and checking it in .
It ’s almost certain to be shitty code .
The amount of time you spend trying to figure out “ what ’s going on here ” or “ why is n’t this working the way I expect ” is severely reduced .
I ’m talking hours of debugging that literally turn into seconds .
Pairing also helps a great deal with collective code ownership .
I do n’t feel like there are any realms of the code that “ belong ” to any team member .
You do n’t have a situation where one person is the “ expert ” on a part of the codebase , since that person worked with someone else when they wrote it , and everyone likely shuffled around while it was developed .
EVERYONE has seen that part of the codebase before , which means EVERYONE feels comfortable refactoring or extending it .
This enables the team to perform improvements to any part of the code whenever they are working , which leads to technical debt being paid off very quickly .
I often find myself shocked at how good the quality of the code is that we write and that we ’ve written before .
The product is ENORMOUS in code size , easily the biggest I ’ve ever worked on , but there are very few areas of code that I would consider bad at all , and all of those are the earliest parts of the code that were written ( and were written without pairing or TDD ) .
Pairing fosters a collective unity that I have n’t seen anywhere else .
There are obviously issues and challenges , and there ’s no denying that you ’re producing fewer lines of code per day since only half your team is coding at any one point .
I do n’t consider that a bad thing , though ( if you have two solutions that equally solve a problem , the solution with fewer lines of code is the superior one ) because the QUALITY of the code that IS produced is so , so , so much higher .
Challenges
There are definitely some challenges to pairing .
Pairing at a corner desk absolutely does not work at all .
The developers need to be side by side , the same distance from the monitor ( which needs to be large ) .
All instances in my career that I thought were “ pair - programming ” were not , because we were at corner desks .
The person further away was , as a result , not as actively involved in the code ( moving chairs is harder than moving a keyboard over a few inches ) .
This is n’t pairing , it ’s programming with someone watching over your shoulder .
It feels like you ’re being watched , not like you ’re working with a peer .
It sucks .
I ’m so glad that this is NOT what real Pair Programming turned out to be .
We have a team area with individual desks surrounding the area , but with “ pairing stations ” in the middle of the room .
I find myself at my desk so infrequently ( by choice ) that my friends on IRC complain I never say anything on the channel .
A good pairing environment is crucial .
Hygiene can be a serious problem .
If one person smells , it ’s rough to sit with them .
I find myself going back to my desk often and the code suffers for it .
If you ’re pairing , take a shower , and hold your farts for your next bathroom trip .
Just do it , you filthy pig .
The biggest challenge for me personally was essentially mourning for the death of “ The Zone ” .
Being in The Zone is how I think of myself when I ’ve got my headphones in , speed metal blaring in my ears , and I ’m coding like a motherfucker .
My fingers can’t keep up with my brain .
For most of my career , this image is what I ’ve considered to be the zenith .
When I come home and was in The Zone most of the day , I feel like I ’ve had a good day .
Pair Programming undeniably killed The Zone .
This was a tough adjustment , since I ’ve considered that mode to be my favorite for so long .
I now see , however , that The Zone was , without me knowing it , The Technical Debt Zone .
Being in The Zone is something for athletes .
It ’s what happens when your brain moves out of the way of your body , you ’ve internalized the rules and tactics for a game so fundamentally that your brain is no longer a required part of the process , and you ’re acting more on instinct .
It can happen in a video game too , you kind of zone out and you ’re just awesome .
The reason this works is because your brain has basically done it ’s job , internalizing information to a point where you no longer require it , and so your brain can get out of the way so that it ca n’t cause you to second guess yourself or overthink things .
It ’s great for athletes , but is it really great for development ?
When you ’re in The Zone , you ’re often writing bad code .
You ’re not pausing as much to think about design implications or ways that the code could be refactored .
You ’re bypassing your brain which , for a brain - oriented task , is n’t great .
You do n’t WANT your brain to get out of the way when coding , you want it engaged at all times .
If what you ’re doing is so routine that your brain can disengage and you get into The Zone , there ’s a good chance what you ’re doing is repetitive and monotonous , in other words something you should probably refactor .
If you ’re coding at a reasonable pace , pair programming will not slow you down .
Conversely , if you code so quickly that pair programming slows you down a lot , you were making mistakes before .
You need pairing more than anyone .
The Zone is gone , but I do n’t miss it .
My standards for what is “ good code ” have greatly increased and quite frankly I ’m not sure ANY of my old code ever met that standard .
Today , nearly all of my code does , and I have pairing to thank for it .
Rather than falling into The Zone , I find instead that my pairing partner and I might fall into A Rhythm , which is just as enjoyable as The Zone but without all the debt and mindlessness .
Being in A Rhythm is like finishing each other ’s sentences , but with code , you and your partner are completely in sync and kicking ass - much like The Zone but with more thoughtfulness and intentionality .
And the headphones situation is easy to solve as well - at work we pick a musical theme at the start of the day , then use Pandora to provide music consistent with that theme all day .
I get my “ Killswitch Engage ” theme and my “ Slayer ” theme days because I graciously put up with another developer ’s “ Angels and Airwaves ” theme and “ The Cranberries ” theme .
I mean , Jesus Russ , Angels and Airwaves ?
Final Thoughts
When I leave my job if the next company does n’t do pair programming , it ’s going to be a tough adjustment to me .
It would be like walking into a new company and finding out that nobody uses version control - everyone just copies their changes to a shared directory at the end of the day .
Sure you get the job done , but god damn you ’re being inefficient about it .
When people hiss at pairing because they can’t listen to headphones or do n’t want to sit next to a fat guy , it sounds to my ears EXACTLY like someone complaining about SVN being too complicated .
I ’m not going to advocate pairing , because anyone who reads this post and says “ hey , maybe we ’ll give it a shot ” and then forces their team to do it will find that it does n’t work .
For pairing to work , people have to WANT to pair .
That means they at least need to be curious enough about it to give it a genuine shot - attempting pairing with the attitude of illustrating it does n’t work will certainly show that it does n’t work .
If you ’re holding onto The Zone , you ’re doomed .
But if you ’re willing to give it a genuine effort , push through the challenges and difficulties , read a book or two about how to pair , or maybe even hire a mentor to come to your company and help you pair for a few weeks , I think you ’ll be pleasantly surprised by how effective it is .
Highly radioactive waste will likely accumulate in Minnesota for decades longer than expected because of a new energy policy taking shape in Washington .
President Obama is closing the door on Yucca Mountain , a remote site in Nevada that for more than 20 years has been the nation 's only candidate for permanent burial of nuclear waste .
That leaves the waste containers collecting at nuclear plants near Monticello and in Red Wing , with nowhere to go .
" President Obama has been emphatic that storage at Yucca Mountain is not an option , period , " said Stephanie Mueller , spokesperson for the U.S. Department of Energy .
" His budget reflects that , and funding for the project will be reduced and restricted . "
Nuclear utilities including Xcel Energy hoped to ship wastes to Nevada beginning around 2020 , but they have seen the opening date postponed many times .
The project has encountered high costs , environmental concerns and steadfast opposition from Nevadans , including Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid .
Terry Pickens , director of nuclear regulatory policy for Xcel , said he's not surprised that the administration wants to drop Yucca Mountain , since Obama promised to do so when he campaigned in Nevada .
However , there may be a fight ahead .
" The administration can't do anything that it wants , " Pickens said , noting that Congress endorsed Yucca in 2002 .
" To undo that , it will take some conscious effort , " Pickens said .
Xcel has a large , stainless steel - lined indoor pool and 24 outdoor casks full of radioactive wastes at its Prairie Island plant in Red Wing .
The utility can fill five more containers and is seeking state approval for 35 more casks if it gets the OK to extend Prairie Island 's license for another 20 years .
Xcel also has a waste storage pool at its Monticello plant northwest of the Twin Cities and has loaded 10 of the 30 outdoor canisters permitted there .
Pickens said a change in direction about Yucca Mountain will not cause the utility to shut down its plants or reduce the amount of power they generate .
Wastes can be stored safely and securely for several decades if necessary , he said .
Rejecting Yucca Mountain may raise uncertainty about nuclear power just as the industry is promoting its superiority to coal and other fuels that produce global warming emissions .
Nuclear trade association leaders suggested an independent panel or commission to reevaluate the waste problem .
The Yucca move should make Minnesota think twice about repealing a moratorium on new nuclear plants that the Legislature passed in 1994 , said Steve Morse , executive director of Minnesota Environmental Partnership .
Legislators have proposed to lift the prohibition and may discuss the issue later this month .
Morse was a state senator in 1994 , when the controversy of additional radioactive waste storage at Prairie Island boiled over at the Legislature .
Utility officials assured lawmakers then that the storage would be temporary and that wastes would eventually be shipped to Nevada .
" Those projections have always been fantasies , " Morse said .
Diane Jensen , one of the environmental leaders active in that debate , said that in some respects , nothing has changed in 15 years .
" There 's a saying that nuclear waste tends to stay where you first put it , " Jensen said .
" It will never be moved because the dangers politically and environmentally are far greater than leaving it where it is . "
The Department of Energy has spent more than $ 10 billion boring a nearly 5 - mile tunnel through Yucca Mountain , drilling niches for testing , and it had been conducting hundreds of studies to determine whether wastes can be stored there safely for thousands of years .
Last year DOE submitted an application for a construction and operating license for Yucca to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission .
The boxes containing the heads were dumped by a roadside
Five severed heads have been found inside ice coolers by the side of a road in Mexico , police say .
A police patrol made the grim find in the central state of Jalisco , on a road leading to the city of Guadalajara .
The heads were found with messages addressed to rivals of the killers , who were assumed to be involved in Mexico 's bitter and violent drug war .
Jalisco is close to Sinaloa state , scene of many high - profile killings and home to the powerful Sinaloa cartel .
The state is home to a number of key figures in the drug trade , including Mexico 's most - wanted man , Joaquin " Shorty " Guzman .
Grim tactic
Mexico is currently in the midst of a battle between feuding drugs cartels .
The gangs are fighting a vicious turf war in the north of the country over lucrative smuggling routes into the US .
Police in Jalisco said the heads found on Tuesday were severed before being packed in ice and dumped by the roadside .
" They were recently severed heads , cut off about four hours before they were found , " a spokesman said .
They were accompanied by a note thought to be from the killers threatening rival gangs .
Drug wars in Mexico have claimed thousands of lives in recent years , with more than 1,000 people killed already in 2009 .
Some 186 people were decapitated during 2008 out of a total of 5,600 killed in total , Mexico 's Human Rights Commission says .
In an effort to dampen the rising tide of murders , Mexico 's president last week deployed thousands of troops to Ciudad Juarez , near the US border , to try to wrest control of the city from the gangs .
The conservative blogosphere , led by up and coming right wing - nut Michelle Malkin have been frantically pushing to label the stimulus bill the “ Generational Theft Bill , ” and impressionable republicans on the hill are echoing this ill - conceived branding quip .
Generational
Theft ?
Talk about the pot calling the kettle black !
Apparently in the eyes of these pundits and politicians all debt is not created equal …
[ social_buttons ]
When Bush nearly doubled the national debt from 5.7 trillion to almost 11 trillion dollars to fund the Iraq war and give tax cuts to the wealthy , that was n’t “ Generational Theft . ”
Even though we ’ll be paying for his policies for years to come , he was investing in our future , and making the world a better , safer place .
>> See also : Who Wins with Passage of Stimulus ?
Google , of Course
When the Obama Administration proposes increasing the debt 7 % to avert a potentially irreversible financial disaster , create jobs , build a more efficient infrastructure , and protect the environment , he ’s robbing our children of their future ?
Give me a break , that is akin to parents taking out a home equity loan on their home to fix a crumbling foundation , rusted plumbing and leaky roof so they still have a house to leave their kids , and calling that a crime .
Aside from taking out a second , third and fourth mortgage on our home , the Bush administration has also done some remodeling .
They have left us with …
The list goes on .
So by John and Michelle ’s standards the Bush administration ’s rap sheet should include Generational Theft , Fraud , Vandalism , Murder and Rape .
[ Matt is the editor of greenUPGRADER.com ]
As I do at the end of every month , I 've compiled a list of the most popular posts of the last thirty days .
Posts about Google Meet , Zoom , and other online teaching tools topped the list .
Take a look and see if there 's something interesting that you missed earlier this month .
Thank you for your support !
I could n't keep this blog going without the support of so many of you who have taken one of my Practical Ed Tech courses or webinars .
Those registrations make a bigger impact in keeping this blog going than anything else .
There are a few advertisers who also help keep this blog going .
Thank you to Pixton EDU Cloud Stop Motion , and University of Maryland Baltimore County .
Other Places to Follow Me
In addition to this blog you can also keep up with me through the following channels :
Good morning from Maine where colorful leaves and the wind tell us that fall is in full force on the last day of September .
On a personal note , it has been a stressful end to the month as my school went from a hybrid model of some students online to a 100 % online model in the span of one phone call .
And I was observed by administration on the first day of fully online school .
Despite some hiccups , it went well .
I 'll write a detailed blog post about the experience later this week .
View More
Luca Bercelli 2012-03-01 11:45:00
91/100
line of the day – ‘ this smells like a helium balloon filled with oak chips ’
After the previous episode where GV seemed a bit full of himself he ’s back to his fantastic best in this one .
The fruit machine analogy was pure gold .
Iran lacks weapons - grade highly enriched uranium and has not yet made a decision on whether to produce any , US intelligence officials told Congress today .
Director of national intelligence Dennis Blair and Defense Intelligence Agency Director Lt. Gen. Michael Maples also said recent Iranian missile tests were not directly related to its nuclear activities .
They said the two programs were believed to be on separate development tracks .
Mr Blair had been asked to clarify recent conflicting statements from defense officials on Iran 's nuclear program .
" We assess now that Iran does not have any highly enriched uranium , " Blair said .
" We assess that Iran has not yet made that decision , " to convert the low - enriched uranium it is making to the weapons - grade material .
Maples said Iran 's launch in February of the Safir Space Launch Vehicle " shows progress " in technologies used to make intercontinental ballistic missiles .
But Mr Blair said the nuclear and missile programs are " separate decisions , " and both officials said they believed Iran had not yet made a decision on whether to proceed with its nuclear program .
Reuters
Rants , raves , musings and scavengings from around the web and in my head .
Also last month , Officer David London was indicted on charges of assault and filing false records after video from a surveillance camera at an Upper West Side building showed that he pulled a man he had accused of resisting arrest out of an elevator and beat him 18 to 20 times with a baton .
Officer London has pleaded not guilty .
Detective Eager was released on a $ 15,000 personal recognizance bond , and her case was adjourned until May 12 .
Each of the three counts carries a maximum sentence of seven years in prison , prosecutors said .
Mr. Brill said Detective Eager had no incentive to lie .
“ What did she have invested in lying ? ” he said on Tuesday , recounting his remarks in court the day before .
“ She has made 1,300 arrests . ”
The chief spokesman for the Police Department , Paul J. Browne , declined to comment on Detective Eager ’s case other than to say that she had been suspended from the force .
But when asked to comment about police officers accused of perjury , he said , “ It does not happen often , but when it does , it is baffling why police officers would risk prosecution and their careers to advance a criminal case rather than let the chips fall where they may . ”
The case against Detective Eager stems from her arrest of three people on drug charges in November 2007 at an apartment building on Holland Avenue in the Bronx .
In an excerpt from her grand jury testimony , released by Mr. Johnson ’s office , Detective Eager says she and a partner left their van and entered the building through a broken door to follow two men who they believed had two boxes of marijuana .
In another excerpt , she says she and her partner “ went up to the fourth floor ” and then “ to the fifth floor ” when they heard the suspects jingling keys to unlock Apartment 55N .
The third perjury count was based on her remarks that during the arrest she had recovered two boxes of marijuana , one 15 pounds and the other 18 pounds .
For more than 40 years , the prevailing explanation of why we get old has been tied to what is called oxidative stress .
This theory postulates that when molecules like free radicals , oxygen ions and peroxides build up in cells , they overwhelm the cells ' ability to repair the damage they cause , and the cells age .
An industry of " alternative " antioxidant therapies -- such as Vitamin E or CoQ10 supplements in megadose format -- has sprung up as the result of this theory .
However , clinical trials have not shown that these treatments have statistically significant effects .
And now researchers at McGill University , in a study published in the February issue of the journal PLoS Genetics , are calling the entire oxidative stress theory into question .
Their results show that some organisms actually live longer when their ability to clean themselves of this toxic molecule buildup is partially disabled .
Collectively , these molecules are known as reactive oxygen species , or ROS for short .
Dr. Siegfried Hekimi of McGill 's Department of Biology , said most of the evidence for the oxidative stress theory is circumstantial , meaning oxidative stress could just as easily be a result of aging as its cause .
" The problem with the theory is that it 's been based purely on correlative data , on the weight of evidence , " explained Hekimi , McGill 's Strathcona Chair of Zoology and Robert Archibald & Catherine Louise Campbell Chair in Developmental Biology .
" It is true that the more an organism appears aged , whether in terms of disease , or appearance or anything you care to measure , the more it seems to be suffering from oxidative stress " .
" This has really entrenched the theory , " he continued , " because people think correlation is causation .
But now this theory really is in the way of progress . "
Hekimi and postdoctoral fellow Jeremy Van Raamsdonk studied mutant Caenorhabditis elegans worms .
They progressively disabled five genes responsible for producing a group of proteins called superoxide dismutases ( SODs ) , which detoxify one of the main ROS .
Earlier studies seemed to show that decreased SOD production shortened an organism 's lifespan , but Hekimi and Van Raamsdonk did not observe this .
In fact , they found quite the opposite .
None of their mutant worms showed decreased lifespan compared to wild - type worms , even though oxidative stress was clearly raised .
In fact , one variety actually displayed increased lifespan , the researchers said .
" The mutation that increases longevity affects the main SOD found in mitochondria inside the animals ' cells , " said Hekimi .
" This is consistent with earlier findings that mitochondria are crucial to the aging process .
It seems that reducing mitochondrial activity by damaging it with ROS will actually make worms live longer . "
The researchers hasten to point out that they are not suggesting that oxidative stress is good for you .
" ROS undoubtedly cause damage to the body , " Hekimi said .
" However , they do not appear to be responsible for aging . "
ORCHARD PARK , N.Y . -- Terrell
Owens needed only two days to find another place to play .
The Buffalo Bills decided to take a chance on the talented but high - maintenance receiver , signing Owens to a $ 6.5 million , one - year deal Saturday .
ESPN.com 's John Clayton broke the story on Saturday .
Owens , 35 , caught 69 passes for 1,052 yards and 10 touchdowns last season with Dallas .
But the Cowboys were looking to improve the atmosphere in the locker room and decided they would be better off without him .
" I 'm leaving America 's team [ for ] North America 's team , " Owens said at a news conference .
The Bills will be Owens ' fourth stop .
He started with San Francisco , bounced to Philadelphia -- where he helped the Eagles get to a Super Bowl -- and then to Dallas .
" I must move on , and it 's another beginning for me , " Owens said .
" If I can be that extra added piece to get them to the playoffs , then that 's what I 'm here for .
I looked at the defensive side of ball and offensive side of the ball , and these guys have all the pieces . "
The Bills were in need of a receiver to take the pressure off Lee Evans .
They got one of the biggest names out there .
" We all know of his tremendous ability and look forward to what he will bring to our offense , " Bills owner Ralph Wilson said in a statement .
" This is a very exciting day for the Buffalo Bills . "
Owens , a six - time Pro Bowler , is among the NFL 's career leaders in catches , yards and touchdowns .
Over the last three years , his 38 touchdowns are one more than Randy Moss and he 's among the league 's best in catches , yards , yard per catch and yards per game .
デザインアンテナを多数ご用意、外観を綺麗に
既存住宅の方 も アンテナ撤去費 用5250 円が無料 になります 。
お安いキャンペーン実施中！ 今すぐお申し込みを ！
点検調査・有 線LAN・ネットワークカメラ等についてお気軽にお問い合わせ下さい。
※電波障害、天災等については保証外になります。
● 大阪府のTVアンテナ工事業者
( TVの地上デジタル放送 、CS・BSデジタル放送 )
※その他の都道府県・地域の工事でもご相談下さい あ行 大阪府池田市 ｜ 泉大津市 ｜ 泉佐野市 ｜ 和泉市のTV
大阪茨木市 ｜ 大阪狭山市 のTV 大阪市
旭区 ｜ 阿倍野区 ｜ 生野区 ｜ 北区 ｜ 此花区 のTV
城東区 ｜ 住之江区 ｜ 住吉区 ｜ 大正区 ｜ 中央区 のTV
鶴見区 ｜ 天王寺区 ｜ 浪速区 ｜ 西区 ｜ 西成区 のTV
西淀川区 ｜ 東住吉区 ｜ 東成区 ｜ 東淀川区 のTV
平野区 ｜ 福島区 ｜ 港区 ｜ 都島区 ｜ 淀川区 のTV か行 大阪府貝塚市 ｜ 柏原市 ｜ 交野市 ｜ 門真市 のTV
大阪河内長野市 ｜ 河南町 ｜ 岸和田市 のTV さ行 大阪 府
堺市北区 ｜ 堺市堺区 ｜ 堺市中区 ｜ 堺市西区 ｜ 堺市東区のTV
堺市南区 ｜ 堺市美原区のTV
大阪府四条畷市 ｜ 吹田市 ｜ 摂津市 ｜ 泉南郡 ｜ 泉南市 のTV た行 大東市 ｜ 高石市 ｜ 高槻市 のTV
大阪泉北郡 ｜ 豊中市 ｜ 豊能郡 ｜ 富田林市 のTV な行 大阪府寝屋川市 のTV は行 大阪府羽曳野市 ｜ 阪南市 ｜ 大阪東大阪市 ｜ 枚方市 ｜ 藤井寺市 のTV ま行 大阪府松原市 ｜ 箕面市 ｜ 大阪守口市 ｜ 三島郡 ｜ 南河内郡 のTV や行 大阪府八尾市 のTV ● 兵庫県の格 安TVアンテナ工 事
( TVの地上デジタル放送 、BS ・CSデジタル放送 ) 兵庫県神戸市 ｜ 中央区 ｜ 灘区 ｜ 東灘区 ｜ 兵庫区 ｜ 北区のTV
須磨区 ｜ 垂水区 ｜ 長田区 ｜ 西区のTV 兵庫県芦屋市 ｜ 尼崎市 ｜ 兵庫伊丹市 ｜ 西宮市 のTV 兵庫県宝塚市 ｜ 川西市 ｜ 兵庫三田市 ｜ 三木市 のTV 兵庫県篠山市 ｜ 明石市 ｜ 兵庫小野市 ｜ 川辺郡 のTV 兵庫加古川市 ｜ 兵庫加古郡 ｜ 兵庫高砂市 ｜ 兵庫加東市 のTV ● 奈良県の激 安TVアンテナ取り付け業 者
( TVの地上デジタル放送 、BS ・CSデジタル放送 ) 奈良県奈良市 ｜ 奈良生駒市 ｜ 奈良香芝市 ｜ 奈良桜井市 のTV 奈良県生駒郡 ｜ 奈良県北葛城郡 ｜ 奈良大和高田市 のTV 奈良県磯城郡 ｜ 五條市 ｜ 御所市 のTV 奈良県大和郡山市 ｜ 奈良天理市 ｜ 奈良葛城市 ｜ 橿原市 のTV ● 京都府の安 いTVアンテナ取り付 け
( TVの地上デジタル放送 、BS ・CSデジタル放送 ) 京都府京都市 ｜ 木津川市 ｜ 京都相楽郡 ｜ 京田辺市 のTV 京都八幡市 ｜ 城陽市 ｜ 京都久世郡 のTV 京都府宇治市 ｜ 長岡京市 ｜ 京都向日市 ｜ 亀岡市 のTV 京都府右京区 ｜ 上京区 ｜ 北区 ｜ 左京区 ｜ 下京区 ｜ 中京区 のTV 京都西京区 ｜ 東山区 ｜ 伏見区 ｜ 南区 ｜ 山科区 のTV 京都京田辺市 ｜ 綴喜郡 ｜ 京都乙訓郡 ｜ 亀岡市 のTV ● 滋賀県の激 安TVアンテナ設置業 者
( TVの地上デジタル放送 、BS ・CSデジタル放送 ) 滋賀県大津市 ｜ 滋賀草津市 ｜ 滋賀栗東市 ｜ 守山市 ｜ 湖南市 ｜ 野洲市 のTV ● 和歌山県 のTVアンテナ設置工 事
( TVの地上デジタル放送 、BS ・CSデジタル放送 ) 和歌山県和歌山市 ｜和歌山 紀の川市 ｜和歌山 橋本市 ｜ 伊都郡 ｜ 岩出市 のTV
部材一流メーカー仕 様
弊社は地上デジタル放送の
普及に協力していま す
エコに貢 献
チャレンジしま す
TVアンテナ取り付けは弊社におまかせください。
All they are saying is give atheism a chance .
This month 800 buses rolled out of depots across Britain plastered with advertisements cheerfully informing people that “ there ’s probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life . ”
Sponsored by the British Humanist Assn. , the campaign is the brainchild of a comedian who had seen Christian messages on buses , looked up the websites of the organizations behind them and found warnings that , as a nonbeliever , she was destined to go to hell .
The new ads have attracted little controversy in Britain , a secular country that finds religious fervor a tad awkward .
Perhaps the biggest kerfuffle has been over the word “ probably ” in the slogan , which the British advertising authority said should be thrown in to keep the ad from being potentially misleading , on the grounds that no one can say with 100 % certainty that God does not exist .
Advertisement
The campaign ’s highest - profile backer is Richard Dawkins , a biology professor at Oxford University and the author of “ The God Delusion , ” a defense of scientifically based atheism that became a bestseller in Britain and the U.S.
Dawkins pledged to match donations to the campaign up to $ 8,250 -- a figure that was quickly reached .
Passionate but gentlemanly , Dawkins spoke recently with The Times in Oxford .
A longer version of the interview is on latimes.com / world .
Were you surprised that so many individual donors responded to the campaign to mount bus advertisements ?
I ’m surprised and delighted but also somewhat embarrassed .
The original target was 5,500 pounds [ about $ 8,250 ] , which I offered to match and we thought that we ’d be lucky to get .
. . .
It would have been enough for buses for a brief period in London .
Advertisement
What happened was huge numbers of people gave small sums -- 10 pounds , 15 pounds .
. . .
The final figure is something like 130,000 .
That ’s why I said I was embarrassed , because that is too much money to spend on a bus campaign .
. . .
I was actually in favor of diverting the money to something else , which I thought the donors would approve .
But other members of the group felt that [ as ] the money had been given for the bus campaign they were legally obliged to spend it on that campaign .
Does having to stick in the word “ probably ” to conform with advertising regulations bother you ?
Does n’t that make it more an agnostics campaign ?
I argued against that .
I wanted a stronger statement .
However , I ’ve come around to it now , partly because a complaint has now been made to the Advertising Standards Agency , which suggested that the word “ probably ” was necessary .
. . .
But I also quite like it now because it ’s got a sort of quirky humor about it .
It recalls the Carlsberg lager advertisement : “ Probably the best lager in the world . ” . . .
It encourages people to start talking .
Advertisement
The campaign ’s website quotes you in “ The God Delusion ” as saying that even the declaration “ There is no God ” is a statement of faith , and that “ reason alone could not propel one to total conviction that anything definitely does not exist . ”
Does n’t that make you more of an agnostic than an out - and - out atheist ?
I do n’t think that total atheism is a totally rational position .
Anyone that definitely says there is no God -- you ca n’t rationally say that any more than you can say there are definitely no unicorns , there are no dragons , there are no fairies .
. . .
To the extent that I ’m an “ a - fairyist ” or an “ a- unicornist , ” I am an atheist .
The bus advertisements tell people to “ relax ” because there is no God .
But now is a time of economic stress for a lot of people who might derive some comfort from their religious beliefs .
Is n’t this an insensitive moment to deprive people of that comfort ?
Advertisement
Yeah , it probably is .
When this slogan was dreamed up , not by me , . . . that was before this economic crisis .
I was n’t happy even then with the slogan because it seemed to me to have a whiff of hedonism about it .
I think I ’d have preferred something like , not “ Enjoy your life , ” but “ Spend your life doing good , ” or something more high - minded .
Do you see any redeeming values in religion or a belief in God ?
You can find individuals who are religious who are also good people , and even people who do good things motivated by religion .
I suspect you ’ll find a lot of missionaries all over Africa and New Guinea and places who are doing good in one form or another .
But I do n’t think there ’s any general reason , any logical pathway , that goes from being religious to being good .
Advertisement
For those people who are willing to give up religion and belief in God , what would you recommend as a substitute worldview ?
As a worldview , scientific rationalism .
As also a way of answering moral questions ?
Religion should not be a way of answering moral questions either , and to the extent that it is , it should not be relied upon .
Nobody should get their morals from the Bible or the Koran .
It ’s true you can find good bits in the Bible .
But how do you decide what are the good bits ?
The answer is on nonbiblical grounds .
So we have some nonbiblical way of deciding that .
. . .
Advertisement
The scientific way of thinking and reasoning can also be deployed in moral reasoning .
. . .
Science can’t tell you what ’s right or wrong , but it can help you think more clearly in your reasoning about what ’s right or wrong .
There are some scientists who do n’t feel that science and religion are mutually exclusive .
Do you see any way to reconcile the two ?
The very fact that there are individual scientists who are religious means that somebody can reconcile them .
I think it ’s hard to reconcile .
When you meet a scientist who claims to be religious , you want to ask them exactly what it is they believe .
Many of them turn out to be religious in the Einsteinian sense :
They have a sort of reverence for mystery , for the wonder of the universe , the deep mystery of the base cosmos , those kinds of things .
It does n’t mean they believe in any kind of conscious , supernatural intelligence .
It most certainly does n’t mean that they believe in any sort of creature who can hear your prayer and read your thoughts and forgive your sins .
. . .
Advertisement
A few of them actually believe in the resurrection and the virgin birth .
They ’re a complete mystery to me .
I think they must divide their minds .
How do you feel your books have been received in America ?
Very good .
Sales have been terrific .
It makes me wonder whether America ’s religiosity has been exaggerated .
I go there quite a lot , and my impression increasingly is that there are two Americas , and it ’s almost pulling apart , like two species .
And it ’s not just a regional thing ; it ’s not just red states and blue states .
. . .
They tend to say to me in the book signing afterwards , nearly over and over again , I get thanked .
“ Thank you for coming to Little Rock , ” or whatever it is .
“ I finally realized there are other people like me in this town . ”
Advertisement
--
henry.chu@latimes.com
Home insurance policies can vary greatly so it ’s in your best interest to compare home insurance quotes before making a selection .
Even if your mortgage lender requires home insurance you are allowed to choose your insurer .
What is covered in each of the four parts of a standard home insurance policy ?
Let ’s take a closer look :
The structure of your home
This part of a home insurance policy is fairly self - explanatory in that it pays to repair , or rebuild if necessary , your home for insured disasters such as a fire , hurricane damage , lightning and any other disaster covered by your policy .
Keep in mind flood and earthquake damage are not part of standard homeowners insurance and require separate policies .
General wear and tear is not covered , but detached structures such as tool sheds and garages are covered with a standard home insurance policy .
Personal belongings
Also self - explanatory , this aspect of home insurance covers your stuff – furniture , clothes and other personal items in the event they are stolen or destroyed by a covered disaster .
One interesting feature of personal belongings coverage is your belongings are also covered off - premises anywhere in the world .
Liability
Liability protects you against legal action for personal injury or property damage caused by your household .
The liability aspect of home insurance also provides no - fault medical coverage in case someone is injured in your home .
Additional living expenses
What happens if your home if affected by a disaster such as a fire or a major storm ?
Where will you stay ?
This aspect of home insurance pays your expenses while living away from your home while it is being repaired .
Covered expenses include hotels , meals and other living expenses .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama on Tuesday proposed lengthening the school year and paying top teachers more as part of an effort to help U.S. students regain an edge in the competitive world economy .
The United States has one of the worst high school dropout rates in the industrialized world , and its students regularly rank far below those in other Western countries in reading and math scores .
Slightly more than half of the population has only a high school diploma .
One out of every two American university students drops out before completing their post - secondary studies .
“ Despite resources that are unmatched anywhere in the world , we have let our grades slip , our schools crumble , our teacher quality fall short and other nations outpace us , ” Obama told the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce .
“ The future belongs to the nation that best educates its citizens , and my fellow Americans , we have everything we need to be that nation , ” he added .
The U.S. leader painted the education drive as part of a broader push to promote economic growth in the face of a deep recession and the nation ’s worst financial crisis in decades .
His plan includes a focus on “ cradle to career ” learning and expansion of early childhood education programs , which received $ 5 billion in funding in the $ 787 billion economic stimulus package recently approved by Congress .
SOME PROPOSALS UNPOPULAR
Obama , who in his first 50 days in office has launched drives to overhaul healthcare and energy policy , plans to nearly triple spending on education in the 2010 fiscal year , which begins on October 1 .
The funding includes an $ 81 billion set - aside for education in the economic stimulus package , which would raise the Education Department ’s budget for next year to $ 127.8 billion from $ 46.2 billion in 2009 .
But the new education proposals risk angering teachers ’ unions , who are generally strong supporters of his Democratic Party and have in the past resisted ideas such as extra pay for top - performing teachers .
Obama also acknowledged that students would be unhappy about spending more time in class .
“ I know longer school days and school years are not wildly popular ideas , ” he said to laughter .
But he noted that students in other nations , such as South Korea , spent as much as a month more in school each year .
President Barack Obama speaks at the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce 19th Annual Legislative Conference in Washington March 10 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
Obama called for steps to ensure all Americans received a comprehensive education that followed them from infancy through the job market and ensured that they were competitive in the changing global economy .
“ In a 21st century world where jobs can be shipped wherever there ’s an internet connection , where a child born in Dallas is competing with children in Delhi ... education is no longer just a pathway to opportunity and success , it is a prerequisite , ” he said .
Obama also challenged U.S. states to adopt more rigorous education standards , especially in reading and math , and called for expansion and redesign of federal student aid programs .
Following his speech to the Chamber , he made a surprise visit to a conference of top state school officials in Washington , urging them to keep up efforts to improve the country ’s educational system .
Holly Madison Quits Playboy Editor Job
All good things must come to an end and that includes the association of Girls Next Door starwith the Playboy organization .
Hugh Hefner 's former girlfriend has resigned from her editorial job at Playboy magazine .
Taking her thoughts to Celebrity MySpace , Holly says she is n't feeling bad about any of the decisions she has made and is working hard to start a new life for herself in Las Vegas with her illusionist boyfriend Criss Angel .
He performs his magic act five night a week at the Luxor hotel and casino .
Holly said the job as editor was great fun and very rewarding while it lasted , though the pay was poor .
The amount of money that she was making just was n't enough to fund her frequent commutes to and from Vegas .
In the end , the job became " routine " and had lost the challenge that it once provided .
Oh , and another thing .
She admits that things got " awkward " with octogenarian Hef .
The blonde beauty wishes her new replacement well .
Photo : WENN
The Republicans dragged it out , but she hung in there .
They do n't like her , never did for Labor Secretary and her stand for card - check .
But she has finally been confirmed .
As Congress Matters reports , Hilda Solis has been confirmed by the Senate in an 80 - 17 vote .
The nays were Bond , Bunning , Burr , Coburn , Cornyn , Crapo , DeMint , Ensign , Inhofe , Kyl , Risch , Roberts , Sessions , Shelby , Thune , Vitter and Wicker .
More here .
news “ Women : stop ignoring and mistreating young men . ”
Photo by ardenstreet from the Torontoist Flickr Pool .
The culprit behind the printed posters above — spotted around downtown late last week , many of them now gone — is as of yet unclear , but if we had to hazard a guess we ’d say that it ’s a young man , aged 18 – 23 , who is often met with rejection , rudeness and indifference , especially in places intended for meeting the opposite sex such as clubs , bars and online dating sites ; who is unable to find a girlfriend ; and who has a very very strange idea about what “ mistreated ” means .
By soaking up excess CO2 from the atmosphere oceans are undergoing a rise in acidity causing ramifications across their ecosystems , most frequently highlighted in the plight of coral reefs around the world .
However , a new study in Nature Geoscience shows that the acidification is affecting another type of marine life .
Foraminifera , a tiny amoeba - like entity numbering in the billions , have experienced a 30 to 35 percent drop in their shell - weight due to the high acidity of the oceans .
Although incredibly small , the tiny foraminifera are vital .
They play an important role in trapping CO2 on the ocean ’s surface and carrying it down to the ocean floor after dying , where the CO2 is stored .
Scientists are concerned how the change in their effectiveness to create heavy shells may transform foraminifera ’s role in carbon sequestration .
“ The big challenge will be how do we scale up this kind of change to what I means for the ecosystem , ” author William Howard told Reuters .
“ And to be honest .
We do n’t know yet . ”
Researchers Andrew Moy and Howard from the University of Tasmania collected the foraminifera species Globigerina bulloides in the Southern Ocean using sediment traps .
They compared the mass of current shells to others collected on the sea floor , going back as far as 50,000 years .
Related articles
Nemo at risk from CO2 emissions ?
Ocean acidification may hurt baby fish
( 02/02/2009 )
Increasing carbon dioxide concentrations in the atmosphere may have an unexpected impact on marine ecosystems : disorienting fish larvae .
Research published in this week ’s issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) found that ocean acidification disrupts the olfactory sense of clownfish larvae , making it difficult for the fish to find a habitat , which for clownfish is a sea anemone .
Ocean acidification is killing the Great Barrier Reef
( 01/01/2009 )
Since 1990 the growth of coral in Australia ’s Great Barrier Reef has slowed its lowest rate in at least 400 years as a result of warming waters and ocean acidification , report researchers writing in Science .
The finding portends a bleak near - term future for the giant reef ecosystem as well as calcifying marine organisms around the world .
Climate change , ocean acidification may doom jumbo squid
( 12/15/2008 )
Ocean acidification — driven by rising carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere — may hurt the Humboldt squid , report researchers writing in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Effects of ocean acidification will come 30 years earlier than expected
( 11/11/2008 )
The Southern Ocean may be 30 years closer to a tipping point for ocean acidification than previously believed , putting sea life at risk , according to research published in this week ’s Proceedings of the National Academy of Science .
So there was this American guy , Jake , who sat with Gareth and me at lunch last Saturday and was telling us how much he wanted to go to Malaysia because it ’s apparently a great place to meet women , and claimed that the country is chockfull of hot - bodied beauties .
He also did n’t waste time to explain that the reasons behind his quest was down to his general lack of luck with women and self - confessed socially - inept ways .
And so like the many sad , lonely white men with money to squander , he ’d like to try his luck with Asian women because they , y’know , love white men , are ultra - feminine and so willing to please , and all that BS .
Now , this was unflattering and offensive on extreme levels to both my boyfriend and myself .
First , while being the target audience for this kind of orientalist fantasy talk , Jake had sensed that he was in the company of a fellow Asian fetishist .
Secondly , there was a sense that I can help him accomplish his quest , or rather conquest , by offering tips on picking up women from my remote corner of the world .
He chose the wrong woman to discuss his fantasies with .
Men like Jake perpetuate racism , sexism , and colonialism under a more subtle guise in that it ’s not about denigrating Otherness , but rather desiring and yearning for it .
Today , foreign bodies ( places , women , food ) are not the scary and mysterious things of the past anymore .
Instead they are to be embraced .
They make you hip , worldly , in touch with distant cultures of peoples you may never meet in your lifetime ( Yirgacheffe coffee , anyone ? ) .
So on the face of it , fascination with the exotic
Other does n’t look like racism and the colonial conquest of yore .
So what makes an otherwise well - travelled , highly - intelligent Harvard - Oxford - educated man like Jake essentialise Malaysian women , and most ‘ Asian ’ women , as beautiful and ever - compliant ?
The answer is likely to lie in how we see our world and how we ‘ consume ’ it .
In her essay ‘ Eating the Other ’ , bell hooks articulates the way we are fed with media images in advertising , mainstream film - making , and general consumerist culture that fuel our imagination with the allure of the ‘ Spicy ’ , ‘ Demure ’ , and ‘ Uninhibited ’ Otherness .
These images do nothing but reify the racial and capitalist power that are in favour of very specific groups :
When race and ethnicity become commodified as resources for pleasure , the culture of specific groups , as well as as the bodies of individuals , can be seen as constituting an alternative playground where members of dominating races , genders , sexual practices affirm their power - over in intimate relations with the Other .
Gareth asked me last night that surely where Jake comes from there are plenty ethnic - Asian women around to de-mystify his idea of ‘ oriental beauty ’ .
My thoughts about this are that women from distant , foreign lands are perceived to be and treated like untouched , uncharted territory .
The last frontiers of MANkind , so to speak .
I say ‘ untouched ’ in the way Madonna had once sang about , in that they have n’t been corrupted by feminism and modern , progressive attitudes about love and romance .
Cross-cultural virgins .
Incidentally , another well - travelled man called Christopher Columbus once wrote home during his travels in search of India saying that the ancient explorers were wrong about the earth being round .
Instead , he postulated , that it was shaped like a woman ’s breast , and that , as you might ’ve guessed , was his to conquer .
So , the feminisation of land as sites for masculine conquest is as old as the hills .
In Anne McClintock ’s Imperial Leather , there is a passage in the first chapter , aptly entitled ‘ Porno Tropics ’ , that encapsulates the Western fascination with unknown peoples and cultures that remain unchanged , and mostly unchallenged for centuries to this day :
If you 're like me , you 've spent the last six months generally trying not to panic as we ride out our sputtering economy as Amelia Earhart surely rode out her Lockheed Electra .
The national unemployment rate hit 6.5 percent in October , while retail sales fell 2.8 percent .
Let 's face it : Worrying is not going to fix this economic mess .
Truth is , nobody knows how to fix it .
This thing may not be fixable .
The financial geniuses who broke our economy do n't even know exactly how they did it .
The details of this crash seem almost magical , even to the detail people .
It 's a little like letting a Wall Street guy borrow your car , and he comes back not only without your car but also without a firm grasp of what a car is .
In short : We 're screwed .
Slumps beget downturns which beget recessions , on and on , until we find ourselves much like our grandparents , waking up to a daggone Great Depression .
But this wo n't be that ' 30s - style , fedora - wearing Depression we 've seen in WPA photographs .
Oh no .
This will be a new Great Depression .
But I believe that , like our grandparents , who scraped through their depression with enough steely - eyed determination to fill the burlap sack that they unfortunately ended up wearing a week later , we will overcome .
In fact , the coming Great Depression has the potential to be the Greatest Depression Ever .
If there 's one thing this country has left , it 's optimism , because ... really , with no auto or steel industries left , optimism 's the one thing we got going for us .
It 's this optimism that allows us to see the upside of the economic downturn .
And not just the obvious ones .
Sure , the price of oil is dropping , allowing us to drive a block to buy a bottle of water again .
And house prices are now affordable — sort of .
And yes , soon we may see another government stimulus check — which will go straight to Visa .
But there is a positive underbelly to this slug of an economy .
I 'm talking far - reaching , life - changing upsides .
Maybe , just maybe , the Greatest Depression Ever will see us grow healthier , better educated , working more fulfilling jobs , and listening to better music .
Maybe this downturn is just the thing we need to move forward as a nation , to show some grit and backbone .
We might even emerge from this as a stronger , wiser people .
There is a chance that this is our crucible , our defining moment .
Optimism !
Yes !
Let 's look at the bright side .
Here are 13 upsides to the downturn .
1 ) No more credit card debt
Remember the movie Fight Club , where Brad Pitt and his co-stars — Brad Pitt 's Gleaming Eyes and Brad Pitt 's Rippling Abdominals — try to blow up the headquarters of every credit card company and free consumers around the world from a lifetime of $ 2.14 coffee purchases that carry 27 percent interest ?
No ?
Well , it 's the movie in which he bleeds a lot .
Something similar might be brewing , albeit without vintage shirts and nitroglycerin .
Credit card companies have been quietly packaging their debt into securities , then selling those securities to investors .
If this sounds familiar , it should .
It 's called securitization , the practice that got the mortgage industry into so much trouble .
Everything was ( supposedly ) fine in Mortgage Land until housing prices finally dropped and people started defaulting on their loans , which caused a wave of foreclosures that — not to put too fine a point on it — put the mortgage industry in the crapper .
According to USA Today , credit card delinquencies are at their highest point in six years , with default rates rising rapidly .
Enough defaults , and suddenly you 've got a lot more toxic securities floating around , wreaking havoc and potentially doing what even Brad Pitt himself could n't : bringing down credit card companies .
Think about it :
If credit card companies collapsed , we'd be left with no more debt — and several handy windshield scrapers .
Most likely , though , we 'll have to settle for the schadenfreude that comes from watching the Feds lend money to Visa , so they can jack up interest rates and continue to provide shitty customer service over the phone from India .
2 ) Better public health
Ever see those photographs from the original Great Depression ?
People looked good , huh ?
Standing in long lines , resting on porches after 18 - hour days of sharecropping , they were slim , trim , looking like they had discovered the secret to the perfect body .
And they had : poverty !
Researchers have found that as the economy tanks , our collective health improves .
Why ?
Well , we could throw a lot of fancy numbers at you , with variables and control groups , but let 's put it simply :
When we do n't have any money , we can no longer afford to buy the everyday crap that is slowly killing us .
The Los Angeles Times reports that Christopher J. Ruhm , professor of economics at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro , found that deaths decrease as unemployment goes up .
Most people drink less , smoke less , and cut down on eating out .
They also drive less , which translates to fewer traffic - related deaths .
And people get more exercise — no more sitting at a desk for nine or 10 hours , surrounded by packaged balls of polysyllabic chemicals that pass for food .
No , sir .
The unemployed get some goddamn exercise , what with the pounding the pavement , the frantic searching for a job beneath your dignity , and the constant worrying .
An hour of worrying burns 278 calories !
And do n't forget the fresh air .
When our whole stupid economy sounds its death rattle and collapses into a Milton Friedman - induced black economic hole , there 'll be no jobs , which means no gym memberships .
The treadmills , rowing machines , and Stairmasters will now be clear of hoi polloi who have lost their " jobs " that allowed them to pay for membership , leaving a select few to pursue their gerbil - like exercises without waiting for a machine .
3 ) Easier coffee orders
With disposable income , much like health insurance , rapidly becoming a thing of our prosperous past , no longer will we have to stand in line at Starbucks behind business - suited nitwits and professional mothers , their charges in SUV strollers , while they string together 18 - word combo concoctions for a minute and a half while we , the hard - working people — the backbone of the economy , dammit ! — stand behind them , waiting to order a simple cup of coffee , black , if you please .
We do n't want to overstate the importance of this , but this may be the single greatest benefit of our economic downturn : the elimination of the $ 4 , iced mocha - half - caff - skinny - soy - doubleshot - lightwhip - latte from coffee lines around town — nay , around the world !
4 ) More Horatio Alger stories
You can't go from rags to riches if you do n't have some rags .
And a 6.5 percent unemployment rate will get you some rags .
5 ) Banks pay you more
click to enlarge
The Wall Street Journal recently reported that banks large and small are trying to lure more customers with increased interest rates on deposits .
Of course , deposits require money , which none of us will have , but we can take solace in knowing that if we had some cash , we'd be getting paid handsomely for saving it in a bank , right ?
6 ) A better - educated workforce
It 's a dynamic that is as sure as tomorrow 's slumping market numbers :
When the economy tanks , enrollment at community colleges increases .
The job market gets leaner , wages stagnate , and people take an opportunity to pump up their resumes and make themselves more marketable .
If it takes a total collapse of the economy to get a better - educated workforce , so be it .
Of course , this is presuming that there will be jobs for all of us soon - to - be well - skilled , whip - smart workers .
It also assumes we do n't all turn into English majors .
But do n't worry about job creation , because ...
7 ) Our new Corporate Masters will emerge
What do Intel , Microsoft , Apple , and HP have in common ?
Other than managing to skillfully burn their advertising campaigns into our collective hypothalami , each was founded during the beary - ist of bear markets .
So which new corporate giants will emerge from these hard times ?
Is there a new FedEx in Memphis ' future ?
8 ) The new WPA
When the original Great Depression hit , New Deal economists seized on the loony idea of putting unemployed people to work on the Fed 's dime by having them do jobs essential to the nation 's well - being .
( Instead of , you know , pumping billions and billions of tax - payer bailout bucks directly into the industries that precipitated the crisis in the first place . )
The creation of the Works Progress Administration turned us all into socialists , of course .
But nobody seemed to care , because redistribution of wealth is n't that big a deal when there are no more bankers .
( According to most reliable historic cartoons , they all jumped from window ledges . )
So the new socialists fixed bridges and built roads and photographed and documented our society , a society that was quickly , it must have seemed , going none - too - gently into that good night .
As the Greatest Depression Ever begins to take hold , socialism will inevitably make a comeback due to the fact that we recently elected one of those socialist guys .
And this could mean big things for not only the nation but for Memphis as well .
We may finally be able to fix all those crumbling streets and sewer mainlines and rusty overpasses — things that are too boring to pay attention to when we 're all rich and throwing around credit cards at fancy bars and sweating out day - old whiskey stink on gold - plated treadmills .
9 ) Now we will really know what work is
We can all , in one great patriotic push , ruthlessly scour Craigslist for a job .
Hit the streets .
Scour Monster.com .
E-mail resume after resume .
And then , decades from now , we will proudly explain to our clueless young children , with up - by - the - bootstraps pride , how we used to have to schlep crude " laptops " to " coffee shops " for the Internet because we could n't afford broadband at home .
Perhaps we 'll even reminisce about President Obama 's Brand - New Deal , where buskers , graffiti artists , electronic musicians , and others whose art held the promise of obscure poverty were paid by the WPA .
10 ) We 'll get new music
We 're down with neo-country and two - chord post - punk and all those other Memphis music scene staples , but as the markets crash and breadlines form , the New Greatest Depression will hopefully usher in New Greatest Depression - era music to tell our stories , sung by new great musicians — not downloaded " Tom Joad " lyrics to an iPhone .
The original Great Depression gave us the Carter Family , which gave us No Depression , which gave us Uncle Tupelo , which gave us Jeff Tweedy , who gives my girlfriend the hots , from which I reap benefits .
But now it 's our time to birth a new kind of blues and quit riding coattails , albeit heavily patched and dirty ones .
It is a sad fact that the best music comes from the worst times .
The Great Depression gave us Woody Guthrie .
Reaganomics gave us Public Enemy .
The Cold War gave us Metallica .
And who came out of those heady , Internet Boom days ?
The biting genius of the Backstreet Boys , LeAnn Rimes , and post -Biggie Puff Daddy .
These new days will belong to innovators and poets .
11 ) The demise of Linens 'n Things
Enough said on this , really .
Now that this depot of uselessness has filed for bankruptcy , there will be far fewer grown men having temper tantrums in the strip malls of our nation .
A quiet national dignity will assuredly return .
12 ) No more flip - flops
As jobs become fewer and ever more precious , sartorial considerations will become increasingly important .
No more rolling into the office — assuming you still have an office — looking like the poster boy for Gamma Delta Papasmoney .
No more grown men wearing flip - flops .
Take a look again at those photos from the original Great Depression .
Even the unemployed had style — and hats .
And not a single flip - flop among them .
13 ) Furloughs
After the 10 - and 12 - hour workdays brought on by a booming economy , who does n't need a break ?
Well , employees at large companies like HP are about to get one — without pay , of course .
As businesses grow more desperate in their fight against the tide of red ink , they will increasingly turn to a time - honored tactic for saving money : not giving their employees any .
HP and Micro , two tech heavy - hitters , recently announced holiday furloughs .
Other companies around the country are experimenting with four - day workweeks .
Which leaves workers plenty of time to relax , watch what little savings they have dwindle , and generally enjoy life , as it ever so gently flutters to a collapse around them .
Scott Weaver writes and teaches in
Boise , Idaho .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) - Russian stocks tumbled Tuesday , prompting the RTS and the Micex stock exchanges to suspend trading for one hour at 4:05 p.m. Moscow time .
The dollar - denominated RTS stock index plunged 9.4 % , while the ruble - denominated Micex stock index fell 9.6 % .
The decline in Russia followed a tumble in oil prices and declines on global stock markets .
In New York , the Market Vectors Russia ETF RSX , - 0.52 % , which tracks the Russian markets , tumbled 14.4 % .
The state , Mexican authorities and their US propaganda arm , known in most circles as the Mainstream Media , have recently embarked on a huge disinformation campaign to demonize the American gun owner as the supplier of weapons to the Mexican drug cartels .
Everyone in the media , with the possible exception of Lou Dobbs , has joined in the campaign of lies .
Shown here , on a CBS special , is video proof of the lies and disinformation by CBS , US and Mexican authorities .
Anderson Cooper and Janet Napolitano are either ignorant or complicit in the myth that M-203s , RPGs and hand grenades are readily available to the American gun consumer .
Most intelligent folks , and those without a state sponsored agenda , realize these weapons are usually only available to the military .
This week , Secretary of Homeland Defense , Janet Napolitano , announced a new plan to curb the alleged flow of weapons from the US into Mexico .
This program , which will cost the overwhelmed US Taxpayer another 700 million dollars plus , includes machines that employ what is referred to as " virtual strip search . "
This plan will supposedly slow down the number of guns traveling south from the US to the drug cartels in Mexico .
If this program has the same success rate as the government ’s efforts at stopping the flow of contraband north into the US , the Mexican drug cartels will have nuclear weapons by the end of April !
While not stated as such , I am sure this will eventually morph into " the war on guns . "
Funny , is it not , every time our government " declares war " on something , it always increases exponentially !
Whether it is poverty , drugs , terrorism or guns , when the state declares war , rapid growth and expansion of that which is the object of that war is inevitable .
Napolitano stated , " 70 % of the weapons in the hands of the drug cartels are coming from the US . "
The implication is obvious she is referring to private gun owners .
The MSM sucks up this propaganda like a large - mouth bass takes a worm , and regurgitates it to Boobus without ever questioning the truthfulness behind the claim .
Neither Mexican , nor US officials , has ever produced an ounce of proof to back up these wild accusations .
Wednesday , on MSNBC , in an interview by Andrea Mitchell , New York Congressional Representative , Nita Lowey stated 97 % of the guns in the hands of the Mexican drug cartels originated in the US .
Representative Lowey , in her support for a new Assault Weapons Ban , alleges these firearms are coming from the American gun owner .
She is correct in her assertion many of the firearms being used by the cartels are coming from Americans .
They are , but , from the American taxpayer , not the American gun owner !
The fact is : the Mexican authorities have refused to release the serial numbers of weapons confiscated from drug cartel members .
Releasing the serial numbers would implicate the corrupt governments of the US and Mexico and their involvement in arming the drug cartels .
Considering the above , it is my belief the Mexican drug cartels are procuring a large percentage of weapons from the world ’s largest supplier of these weapons : the United States government !
The type of weapons confiscated and the unwillingness of those involved to supply weapon serial numbers is a clear indicator .
Because of the " narco - wars , " the US government supplies the Mexican military with arms and training .
The Mexican military has trained at Ft. Bragg , North Carolina , and the arms budget from the US to Mexico is in the billions .
Drug profits realized from the sale of drugs in the US by Mexico ’s violent drug cartels are estimated to be as high as 40 billion dollars per year .
With that amount of money , is there any question as to the ability of the cartels to purchase military weapons provided by the United States government from corrupt Mexican government officials and members of their military ?
In the mid 1990s , U.S. government statistics revealed at least six billion dollars a year was spent by the cartels in bribes and payoffs to officials in the Mexican government and military .
In February of 1997 , the Clinton Administration announced it was certifying the Mexican government as a " full ally " in the war on drugs .
Clinton ’s Drug Czar , Army General Barry McCaffrey , described Mexican General Jesus Gutierrez Rebollo , who headed up the Mexican National Institute to Combat Drugs ( INCD ) as a " man of absolute unquestioned character . " ( Emphasis added )
Shortly after McCaffrey ’s statement , Rebollo was arrested for taking bribes from one of the largest drug cartels in Mexico .
Rebollo had been present at secret meetings involving the White House , the Central Intelligence Agency and the Drug Enforcement Agency .
When speaking of drug cartels and military weapons , one would be remiss in not covering the involvement of the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) and their decades - long involvement in worldwide drug trafficking .
The evidence produced at the Iran Contra hearings proved the CIA was involved with smuggling cocaine in order to fund the Nicaraguan Contra Army .
Is there any question they are involved with the Mexican drug cartels and perhaps facilitating their procurement of military weapons , or better yet , trading arms for drugs ?
In 2007 , then President George W. Bush , with help from Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , was able to get legislation passed that would provide Mexico with at least 1.4 billion dollars for Mexican military and police forces .
In May of 2008 , Kristen Bricker wrote of Plan Mexico , " Plan Mexico will provide resources , equipment , and training to the Mexican government , police , and military .
It will not give Mexico liquid funds .
The US military , government agencies such as USAID , and US defense contractors such as mercenary firms and weapons manufacturers will receive funding to carry out Plan Mexico .
Plan Mexico is yet another bill to line the pockets of the military industrial complex . "
Our government is certainly aware of the rampant corruption within the Mexican government and military , yet we continue to provide them with money , military weapons and training , including all of the military weapons mentioned earlier in this article and shown in film clips by the mainstream media as proof positive we need a new Assault Weapons Ban .
( AWB )
Our corrupt government , cooperating with Mexico ’s equally corrupt government , has embarked on a campaign to deprive American citizens of the means to defend ourselves from tyranny , screening their own involvement in arming violent criminal drug cartels .
We can weakly submit , or stand for truth and liberty ; the choice is ours .
The Best of Michael Gaddy
FEATURES
REAL -TIME GPU - BASED PARTICLES GENERATION
High - end production value makes clients happy .
Real - time particle generation makes users happy .
Particle Illusion features a slick user - friendly interface that makes generating motion graphics like sparkles , smoke , fireworks , and explosions simple .
Featuring a real - time preview window that automatically displays an animated preview of the selected emitter , users can drag their mouse around the fully interactive Preview Window and the emitter animates to follow .
See particles how they were meant to be seen .
Bonus - benefit : saving your clients time and money .
EMITTER LIBRARY WITH THOUSANDS OF PRESETS
Particle Illusion comes with thousands of factory - installed preset emitters .
An integrated search makes it easy to zero in on the effect you ’re looking for , and the real - time preview lets you click and drag to see how it will move .
Double - click to add it to the project , then use as - is or adjust the position , shape , life , number size , etc. by scrubbing values in the control panel .
Create new presets too by saving any adjusted emitter back into a custom emitter library !
EASY -TO -USE PRESET DRIVEN WORKFLOW
No physics degree ?
No problem !
Particle Illusion makes adding stunning particle animations to your scene as easy as 1 - 2 - 3 .
Select an emitter in the library , double - click , and voila , the emitter is added to the scene .
Or chose an emitter , click where you want it on your shot , and the emitter is added to that specific position in space and time .
CONTROL PANEL WITH SPEEDY KEYFRAME NAVIGATION
Many library emitters contain keyframe animation .
To make it easy to find and modify these keyframes , parameters with animation are highlighted with a red box in the controls view , and navigation buttons make it easy to move through time keyframe by keyframe .
Interpolation can be changed , keys easily added and removed , and adjustments are easy .
FORCES
Particles that move like the wind !
The Forces feature makes it easy to add force fields that create complex , organic movement or can attract or repel particles .
From swirling chaos to a controlled flow of particles , the result is even more interesting , realistic particles .
DEFLECTORS
Need particles to bounce off a logo ?
Simulate interaction with your footage or graphics using Deflector objects !
Easy to add and use , deflector collisions are just one more way to add something extra to your particle - based projects .
INTERACTIVE STAGE WINDOW WITH ON - SCREEN MOTION PATH
A visible motion path will appear over the composite window when an emitter ’s position has been animated over time .
The motion path displays the changes to the position and velocity of the emitter source over time .
The on - screen path is fully interactive .
Control velocity by repositioning points on the visible motion path within the composite window .
Modify bezier keyframes with directional handles via on - screen controls .
PRE - RENDER FOR SPEED
Both the plugin and standalone version of Particle Illusion feature the ability to “ pre-render ” a particle animation to a ProRes QuickTime movie .
This will allow you to dramatically speed up your final render when using the plug - in version , or render out a movie for use in a compositing or editing application from the standalone version .
MOCHA MOTION TRACKING ( PLUGIN ONLY )
The integration of Mocha ’s Academy Award - winning planar tracking and masking tools inside Particle Illusion gives users a unique advantage over other particle plug-ins .
Both the particle emitter position and the position of the world camera can be driven independently or together using Mocha ’s tracking data .
The Mocha Essentials UI makes accomplishing advanced VFX even easier whether you ’re a Mocha newbie or an experienced Mocha user .
PLEASE NOTE :
This feature is currently supported only in the plugin version of Particle Illusion and not yet supported in the standalone application .
Staff at a high school in the US state of Texas had students settle their differences by fighting inside a steel cage , a local newspaper has reported .
The Dallas Morning News says it has obtained a school board report that says two " cage fights " took place at South Oak Cliff High between 2003 - 2005 .
The 2008 report says the principal and other employees knew of the practice .
No criminal charges were ever filed , and the principal at the time has denied any fights took place .
Donald Moten , who retired as principal last year , told the Morning News : " That 's barbaric ...
It never did happen .
I never put a stop to anything because it never happened . "
' Unacceptable '
The alleged fights came to light during a grade - fixing investigation , after which the school was stripped of two basketball titles .
In the report , a teacher was quoted as saying Mr Moten told a member of staff to put two fighting students " in the cage and let 'em duke it out " .
There was no mention in the report of whether anyone required medical attention or whether any employees were disciplined .
I 'm in shock and disbelief - shocked that this could ever occur and shocked that it would be condoned by a professional administrator
Jerome Garza
Dallas school board
The paper said it was not clear from the report whether there were more than two fights in a steel mesh equipment cage in the boys ' changing room .
A district spokesman would not comment on the report to the newspaper .
" I 'm in shock and disbelief - shocked that this could ever occur and shocked that it would be condoned by a professional administrator , " Jerome Garza , a member of the Dallas school board , told the newspaper .
Superintendent Michael Hinojosa told the newspaper that there were " some things that happened inside of a cage " and called the fights " unacceptable " .
Angela Williamson , a parent , told the paper that she was ignored when she attempted to bring the matter to the attention of district administrators .
She said her son , Cortland , told her that students stood around clapping and screaming while watching a fight he participated in .
He and another student fought for 5 - 10 minutes in the cage in 2004 , she said .
Williamson said she took her son out of the school and moved to another district shortly after he came home with a swollen hand .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK , March 9 ( Reuters ) - Google GOOG.O and Cisco CSCO.O are viewed as top contenders to enter the Dow Jones industrial average .
DJI now that two constituents are trading below $ 2 , making their status as blue chips tenuous .
The Internet companies are among a variety of companies eyed as potential Dow replacements , a diverse list that also includes former investment bank Goldman Sachs GS.N and former Dow star US Steel X.N .
In recent weeks , six stocks on the Dow have tumbled below $ 10 and on Friday Citigroup C.N , once the world 's most valuable bank , sunk to 97 cents .
Analysts say Citigroup and automaker General Motors GM.N are most likely to be replaced .
Despite billions in government aid , both trade below $ 2 and serve as symbols of Wall Street 's corporate excess .
The Dow has shed roughly 25 percent of its value in 2009 , a drop that has prompted analysts to call for an update of an index that many say has been out - of - date for years .
" I do n't have much interaction with Exxon Mobil XOM.N , but I 'm on Google 47 times a day , " said Barry Ritholtz , chief market strategist of Fusion IQ in New York .
Exxon is one of the 30 stocks listed on the Dow .
“ Indirectly that means I ’m interfacing with the plumbing of Cisco . ”
Other candidates include high - profile household names such as the world 's largest credit card network , Visa V.N , or iPod maker , Apple AAPL.O .
“ Some have said that Visa , because of its strong brand name and relatively large market capitalization of almost $ 42 billion , might be a possible replacement for Citi , ” said Michael Sheldon , chief market strategist at RDM Financial in Westport , Connecticut .
But there is little consensus about the size and sector of company that should be in the Dow .
Paul Nolte , director of investments at Hinsdale Associates , argues that smaller companies like Aflac AFL.N or Northern Trust NTRS.O " fit into the category of good representation , well - run companies .
They 're just not high profile . "
A materials company might be well - suited to be a part of the Dow rather than another financial stock , said Bucky Hellwig , senior vice president at Morgan Asset Management in Birmingham , Alabama .
Part of the debate stems from confusion about what the index actually represents .
“ Does it represent the largest and best companies in the U.S. ? ” said Nolte , based in Hinsdale Illinois .
“ If so , I think you can probably argue that a third of the companies should probably go .
“ But if you want to say they represent various industries and replicate what is going on in the U.S. economy -- it ’s doing that under current conditions . ”
( Additional reporting by Leah Schurr )
February 14 , 2009 Kerala , India -
Three years ago in the April 4 , 2006 , journal Astrophysics and Space Science was a published paper entitled : “ The Red Rain Phenomenon of Kerala and Its Possible Extraterrestrial Origin . ” Kerala is on the Malabar Coast in southwestern India .
The astrophysical paper was about an event that occurred in July to September 2001 - and several summers since - when raindrops falling on Kerala stained peoples ’ clothes .
White T - shirts were covered with pinkish - red rain splatters and residents wondered what was happening ?
“ ... Organisms replicating at 300 degrees Celsius and showing this kind of autofluorescence are currently unknown to exist on earth , which is again an indication supporting the view that these cells are possibly extraterrestrial . ”
Click here to subscribe and get instant access to read this report .
Click here to check your existing subscription status .
Existing members , login below :
The cost of lighting up is soon going to be anything but light .
On Feb .
4 , President Barack Obama signed a law that will increase the tax on tobacco products in order to fund the State ChildrenâÄôs Health Insurance Program ( SCHIP ) , which makes health care more affordable for children from low - income families .
While the proceeds from these taxes would support an important program , placing the burden of paying for it solely on smokers is both unfair and inequitable .
The federal tax increase affects all tobacco products , but loose tobacco is facing the most significant change âÄî from a $ 1.10 per pound tax to a whopping $ 24.78 per pound tax .
Certainly , SCHIP ought to receive full support in government budgets .
Ensuring that every child has access to health care is an obligation that both the state and federal governments need to honor , because no child should be denied access to a healthy life on the basis of family income .
But itâÄôs simply unfair to place the entirety of this burden on the shoulders of tobacco users through such a massive tax increase .
According to the Center for Disease Control , 20.8 percent of all American adults smoke , but 30.6 percent of adults below the poverty line are smokers .
This means that this massive tax increase disproportionately impacts the individuals who are least able to afford it .
Lower - income individuals also have the greatest difficulty in reducing their use of tobacco because they cannot easily afford products like nicotine patches that might help them overcome their addictions .
And according to the American Lung Association , about 20 percent of college students smoke .
These taxes , then , also fall to cash - strapped college students for whom smoking is an addiction âÄî not something they can just give up due to rising costs .
Since the federal tax increase on tobacco was already approved , the federal government should now concentrate on providing better assistance to low - income smokers whose options for quitting are few .
This editorial , accessed via UWire , was originally published in the Michigan Daily at the University of Michigan .
Please send comments to [ email protected ]
Before the US House of Representatives , February 4 , 2009 , introducing the The Federal Reserve Board Abolition Act , H.R. 833 .
Madame Speaker , I rise to introduce legislation to restore financial stability to America ’s economy by abolishing the Federal Reserve .
Since the creation of the Federal Reserve , middle and working - class Americans have been victimized by a boom - and - bust monetary policy .
In addition , most Americans have suffered a steadily eroding purchasing power because of the Federal Reserve ’s inflationary policies .
This represents a real , if hidden , tax imposed on the American people .
From the Great Depression , to the stagflation of the seventies , to the current economic crisis caused by the housing bubble , every economic downturn suffered by this country over the past century can be traced to Federal Reserve policy .
The Fed has followed a consistent policy of flooding the economy with easy money , leading to a misallocation of resources and an artificial “ boom ” followed by a recession or depression when the Fed - created bubble bursts .
With a stable currency , American exporters will no longer be held hostage to an erratic monetary policy .
Stabilizing the currency will also give Americans new incentives to save as they will no longer have to fear inflation eroding their savings .
Those members concerned about increasing America ’s exports or the low rate of savings should be enthusiastic supporters of this legislation .
Though the Federal Reserve policy harms the average American , it benefits those in a position to take advantage of the cycles in monetary policy .
The main beneficiaries are those who receive access to artificially inflated money and / or credit before the inflationary effects of the policy impact the entire economy .
Federal Reserve policies also benefit big spending politicians who use the inflated currency created by the Fed to hide the true costs of the welfare - warfare state .
It is time for Congress to put the interests of the American people ahead of special interests and their own appetite for big government .
Abolishing the Federal Reserve will allow Congress to reassert its constitutional authority over monetary policy .
The United States Constitution grants to Congress the authority to coin money and regulate the value of the currency .
The Constitution does not give Congress the authority to delegate control over monetary policy to a central bank .
Furthermore , the Constitution certainly does not empower the federal government to erode the American standard of living via an inflationary monetary policy .
In fact , Congress ’ constitutional mandate regarding monetary policy should only permit currency backed by stable commodities such as silver and gold to be used as legal tender .
Therefore , abolishing the Federal Reserve and returning to a constitutional system will enable America to return to the type of monetary system envisioned by our nation ’s founders : one where the value of money is consistent because it is tied to a commodity such as gold .
Such a monetary system is the basis of a true free - market economy .
In conclusion , Mr. Speaker , I urge my colleagues to stand up for working Americans by putting an end to the manipulation of the money supply which erodes Americans ’ standard of living , enlarges big government , and enriches well - connected elites , by cosponsoring my legislation to abolish the Federal Reserve .
See the Ron Paul File
February 5 , 2009
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
Ron Paul Archives
The Best of Ron Paul
Players who are stunned by a Scout now take 50 % less damage
Increased the minimum distance to stun a player with the Sandman
Fixed problem where clients were unable to join a team or maintain a connection to the server
Fixed Scout taunt kill achievement firing for people who did n't actually qualify
Fixed client crash in when creating muzzle flash effects
Fixed client crash when determining which disguise weapon to use for a spy
Fixed Natascha 's chain not being drawn on the view model
Fixed stun code regression that resulted in a subtle reduction of Natascha 's slowdown effect
Fixed rocket & grenade jumps not propelling players as far as they 're supposed to
Updates to Team Fortress 2 have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The specific changes include :
Wikileaks has told the Australian Chief Censor communications minister , Stephen Conroy , to reel his neck in after the gaffe - prone politician threatened a police investigation to find out who leaked his secret blacklist of sites banned in Australia .
Conroy claimed the list published yesterday of sites banned in Australia was not the full Australian Communications and Media Authority ( ACMA ) list .
But he also threatened a police investigation and possible legal action against the leaker .
So which was it ?
A fake list or a leaked list ?
We know at least some of the URLs are on the blacklist because the page apparently showing images of aborted foetuses is on the list , and ACMA told the man who reported the page that it was going on the list .
Bizarrely the list also contained online gambling sites , Wikipedia pages and even the site of a Queensland dentist .
Wikileaks has since published new versions of the list .
Conroy said in a press release :
There are some common URLs to those on the ACMA blacklist .
However , ACMA advises that there are URLs on the published list that have never been the subject of a complaint or ACMA investigation , and have never been included on the ACMA blacklist .
ACMA is investigating this matter and is considering a range of possible actions it may take including referral to the Australian Federal Police .
Any Australian involved in making this content publicly available would be at serious risk of criminal prosecution .
But the publisher of Wikileaks , Sunshine Press , and its legal adviser Jay Lim said :
Under the Swedish Constitution 's Press Freedom
Act , the right of a confidential press source to anonymity is protected , and criminal penalties apply to anyone acting to breach that right .
Wikileaks source documents are received in Sweden and published from Sweden so as to derive maximum benefit from this legal protection .
Should the Senator or anyone else attempt to discover our source we will refer the matter to the Constitutional Police for prosecution , and , if necessary , ask that the Senator and anyone else involved be extradited to face justice for breaching fundamental rights .
Wikileaks recently faced down the South African government which tried legal action to get the site to remove documents relating to an inquiry into the country 's banking system .
The site also published documents outlining standard operating procedures at Guantanamo Bay and the membership list of the BNP .
Conroy wants the list to form the basis of feasibility trials for the Great Aussie Firewall which will filter internet access for all citizens . ®
PERIODIC TABLE OF THE ELEMENTS
__________________________________________________________________________ | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 | | | |1 H He | | | |2 Li Be B C N O F Ne | | | |3 Na Mg Al Si P S Cl Ar | | | |4 K Ca Sc Ti V Cr Mn Fe Co Ni Cu Zn Ga Ge As Se Br Kr | | | |5 Rb Sr Y Zr Nb Mo Tc Ru Rh Pd Ag Cd In Sn Sb Te I Xe | | | |6 Cs Ba * Hf Ta W Re Os Ir Pt Au Hg Tl Pb Bi Po At Rn | | | |7 Fr Ra ** Rf Db Sg Bh Hs Mt Ds Rg Cn Nh Fl Mc Lv Ts Og| |__________________________________________________________________________| | | | | | Lantanoidi * La Ce Pr Nd Pm Sm Eu Gd Tb Dy Ho Er Tm Yb Lu | | | | Aktinoidi** Ac Th Pa U Np Pu Am Cm Bk Cf Es Fm Md No Lr | |__________________________________________________________________________|
ASCII periodic table of the elements is available in six languages : German - English - French - Croatian - Italian - Spanish
6 Jan. 2020
Copyright © 1998 - 2020 by Eni Generalic .
Joaquin Phoenix on Letterman ( VIDEO )
made a bizarre appearance on the Late Show withWednesday night to promote his new film " Two Lovers . "
Although many people , including Letterman himself , are poking fun of the actor , the awkward exchange made me cringe .
The usually handsome actor looks unkempt with his shaggy hair and beard , which , along with his unresponsiveness , leads Letterman to make a quip about the uni-bomber .
There is speculation that this is a put-on , however , it seems to me Joaquin is having some sort of mental meltdown .
He is clearly uncomfortable - giving one word answers for the questions he chooses to answer , becoming visibly annoyed with Letterman and the audience , and at one point has a nasty verbal exchange with Paul Shaffer .
In October Joaquin announced that he was done with acting , and planned to pursue a career as a hip - hop musician .
Shortly after , he put his Hollywood Hills home on the market .
View the Joaquin Phoenix Letterman video below and let us know what you think .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The Palestinian militant group Hamas has announced an immediate ceasefire with Israel in Gaza .
A statement read by a Hamas spokesman said the group would hold fire for a week to give Israel time to withdraw its forces from the Gaza Strip .
The move came hours after a unilateral Israeli ceasefire came into effect .
Some Israeli troops have begun pulling out of the Gaza Strip .
Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said Israel wanted to leave Gaza " as soon as possible " .
Earlier , there was more rocket fire from Gaza into Israel .
...
Our demand is the withdrawal of the enemy forces from the Gaza Strip within a week , along with the opening of all the crossings for the entry of humanitarian aid , food and other necessities for our people in the Gaza Strip
Moussa Abou Marzouk
Hamas deputy chief , in Syria Gazans confront shattered lives Broken town shows destruction
He says that in the town of Beit Lahiya he saw the first real destruction - streets churned up by Israeli heavy armour , overturned cars , a lake of raw sewage in the street and a mosque left as a charred ruin .
Hamas officials stopped the BBC from filming at one site where bodies were still being removed - a sign , perhaps , that there had been some kind of military target nearby , our correspondent says .
High alert
Hamas ' deputy chief in Syria , Moussa Abou Marzouk , said the ceasefire was in the name of all " Palestinian resistance factions " .
" We ... announce a ceasefire of our factions in the Gaza Strip and we stress that our demand is the withdrawal of the enemy forces from the Gaza Strip within a week , along with the opening of all the crossings for the entry of humanitarian aid , food and other necessities for our people in the Gaza Strip . "
Israelis and Palestinians give their views on Israel 's ceasefire announcement
In pictures
The group said the ceasefire would be temporary unless Israel met these long - standing demands .
In a televised speech , the top Hamas leader in Gaza , Ismail Haniya , said the Palestinian people had won a great victory over Israel and that the three - week offensive had not cowed the Palestinians .
An Israeli foreign ministry spokesman , Yigal Palmor , did not comment directly on the Hamas demands .
But he told the BBC that troops would be withdrawn from the Gaza Strip " in good time " if there was " a total halt to attacks by Hamas " .
The BBC's Bethany Bell , on the Israeli side of the border with Gaza , says Israeli helicopters and drones have been flying overhead and Israeli troops are on high alert .
Many people are hoping that a ceasefire will last , but no - one on either side of the border will be surprised if the fighting starts up again , our correspondent adds .
Rocket fire
Israel , whose ceasefire came into effect at 0200 ( 2400 GMT ) has said its troops will stay in Gaza for as long as necessary .
Hours later , at least 18 rockets were fired into Israel , Israeli sources said , triggering an Israeli air strike in response .
One rocket hit a house in Ashdod , injuring lightly two people , police said .
The stopping of rocket fire had been a chief aim of the military campaign .
Israeli troops killed a Palestinian near the southern Gazan town of Khan Younis on Sunday morning , reports from Gaza said .
If confirmed , the death would be the first fatality since the ceasefire began .
At least 1,300 Palestinians , according to Palestinian sources , and 13 Israelis have been killed since Israel launched its offensive on 27 December .
Palestinian medics say at least 50 bodies have been pulled from the rubble since Israel halted its offensive .
The BBC's Christian Fraser , in Rafah on the Gaza - Egypt border , says many of the 40,000 people who fled the town during the conflict , were returning to pick through the ruins of their homes on Sunday .
People are salvaging whatever they can , our correspondent says - even the broken bricks and corrugated iron are taken away on donkeys .
Hamas is still very much control in the town , our correspondent adds .
One fighter told the BBC their determination and ability to fight was undiminished .
Meanwhile , heads of state from across Europe travelled to Egypt for a summit with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , Palestinian Authority leader Mahmoud Abbas and UN chief Ban Ki-moon to try to shore up the ceasefire .
They discussed how to make the ceasefire durable and respected by Hamas , how to get aid to Gaza and beginning the process of rebuilding there .
Speaking after the talks , UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon said he would be sending a team to assess the immediate humanitarian needs of the people in Gaza .
" Within 10 days , I think we 'll be able to make an assessment report and we will issue a humanitarian urgent , a humanitarian flash appeal . "
Do n't you just enjoy the bipartisan love from the FOX News Saturday stock shows ?
They grabbed their ankles for eight years of Bush , ( borrowed a Rushism ) but for Obama there is no common decency among them .
It 's the usual claptrap about Obama and Socialism and handouts to the undeserving .
But I certainly loved Cavuto's pitch that since Obama is freezing salaries for the White House staff , now the new rich are being suddenly defined as making 100K in America in Cavuto 's mind .
What wankers .
CNBC is just as bad ...
In the final day of the Pirate Bay trial , the defense made its closing arguments .
While doing so , they rebooted the servers , which had crashed , from the court room .
Advertisement
Overall , the closing arguments by the defense were the same ones they made the whole trial : they never hosted or transferred any illegal content , just acted as an innocent middleman .
They compared themselves to Google and telephone lines .
They also claimed that up to 80 % of the content on the site is legal , which seems like a highly dubious figure to me , but the boneheaded prosecution never countered with any figures of their own , so that 's the only stat we have .
Advertisement
As for the site itself , it was down on Monday due to a server outage .
Luckily , there was Wi-Fi in the courtroom , allowing defendant Dredrik Neij to bring it back up from a laptop in the courtroom as his lawyer delivered closing arguments .
Badass .
So what now ?
Well , the verdict is scheduled for April 17th , so we have some time to wait on this one .
In the meantime ?
" I think we 're going to go party , " said defendant Peter Sunde Kolmisoppi .
Oh , Pirate Bay .
[ Ars Technica ]
My son is very bright and mature , but I fear it 's time for me to push him to be a little more independent .
Although his bedroom is right down the hallway , he gets terrified of being alone in the dark and prefers to sleep in my bedroom .
My husband and I have a large bed , so we 've never minded sharing with our son , but I feel like maybe we 're coddling him a little too much .
I 've talked to other moms , and none of the other boys his age have any problem sleeping in their own rooms .
Believe me , I wish he could be my little boy forever , but now that he 's old enough to bring girls over to spend the night , I think it 's time for him to leave our bed .
How can I encourage him to be more independent !?
I 'm desperate .
He starts college in the fall , and I doubt his roommates are going to be as understanding !
REVEALED : ' There was no Cabinet debate in run-up to war , ' says Short as Government refuses to release minutes
The Government is refusing to release minutes of Cabinet meetings before the Iraq
War because they would reveal there was no discussion on the issue .
Details surrounding two crucial meetings on the eve of the conflict were laid bare for the first time yesterday when former Cabinet Minister Clare Short , who was present at both , gave a full account of what happened .
She told The Mail on Sunday the main reason for the ‘ scandalous ’ decision not to publish the minutes was not to protect confidential discussions about the war , but to cover up the fact there was no such discussion .
Former Cabinet Minister Clare Short says there was NO cabinet debate in the run up to war
At the last Cabinet meeting , no debate on the legality of the war was allowed and Tony Blair , then Prime Minister , said brusquely : ‘ That ’s it . ’
The official records would also put an end to claims by Gordon Brown ’s supporters that , in private , he had grave doubts about the war , said Ms Short .
In fact , he led the Cabinet campaign to accuse France of sabotaging British and American attempts to win United Nations support for the attack on Saddam Hussein .
‘ It is extraordinary when you hear people like Jack Straw say that the Cabinet minutes cannot be published because you have to preserve Cabinet confidentiality and robust decision - making , ’ said Ms Short , who resigned as International Development Secretary after the war .
‘ The bitter irony is that what they are doing is concealing the fact there was no robust decision - making .
The minutes will reveal there was no real Cabinet discussion about the Iraq War .
That is the real scandal . ’
Ms Short spoke out after the Government blocked an order by the Information Commissioner to reveal minutes of Cabinet meetings on March 13 and March 17 , 2003 , two days before the war started on March 19 .
She said : ‘ Gordon had been completely marginalised in the run-up to the war .
It was n’t because he did n’t support it but because he and Tony were not getting on .
Then , John Prescott had a dinner and knocked their heads together . ’
The meeting on March 17 was called to discuss Attorney General Lord Goldsmith ’s advice on the legality of the war .
Ms Short said : ‘ When we arrived , there was a piece of paper in front of each of us , a few paragraphs written by the Attorney General saying the war was legal , there were no problems etc .
‘ Lord Goldsmith started reading it out but we said , “ You do n’t have to , we can read it . ”
Then Tony said something like , “ That ’s it . ”
And that was it .
‘ I wanted to know if the Attorney General had any doubts about the legality of the war .
‘ They all said , “ Clare , be quiet , stop . ”
No one else wanted to talk about it .
I was shouted down . ’
From the DOJ IG report ( .pdf ) on Schlozman ( my emphasis ) :
Another example is an e-mail dated January 6 , 2004 , from Schlozman to an attorney hired by Schlozman in the Civil Rights Division .
Shortly after being hired , the attorney sent an e-mail to Schlozman expressing his happiness in the Special Litigation Section , noting that his “ office is even next to a Federalist Society member . ”
Schlozman replied , “ Just between you and me , we hired another member of ‘ the team ’ yesterday .
And still another ideological comrade will be starting in one month .
So we are making progress . ”
A Winnipeg woman has filed a class action lawsuit against Ticketmaster claiming they broke the law when it comes to fair ticket sales in the province .
The suit specifically points out Section 60 of Manitoba ’s Amusement Act , which states that no person shall sell , barter or exchange any ticket higher than its paid value .
In the lawsuit , filed February 17 , 2009 in Manitoba Court of Queen ’s Bench , Katherine Labossiere , along with her daughter , claim that they attempted to purchase tickets to Carrie Underwood ’s December 2 , 2008 concert at the MTS Centre .
The Plaintiff ’s daughter had obtained a “ pre-sale password ” from a local radio station and then tried to use it to purchase tickets on Ticketmaster ’s website .
Those attempts failed , because each time she tried to get tickets , she was referred to TicketsNow , a website owned by Ticketmaster that sells the same tickets at a higher price .
TicketsNow brought up the following information for Carrie Underwood ’s concert : “ Row 2 , $ 193 . ” Believing that $ 193 was reasonable for four tickets , Labossiere ’s daughter ( a minor ) completed the transaction using her mother ’s credit card .
After the transaction , the amount of $ 917.75 , including “ service charges ” and a “ delivery charge ” was placed on the credit card .
All attempts to get TicketsNow to reverse the ludicrous charges failed .
When Labossiere received her credit card statement , she realized that she was also charged in U.S. currency , and after conversion to Canadian currency the total charge was $ 1010.05 , resulting in an overcharge of $ 195.50 per ticket .
The face value price of each ticket was $ 57.00 .
Similar lawsuits regarding Ticketmaster ’s TicketsNow website have also been launched in Alberta and Ontario this week .
The class action is commenced on behalf of all persons who purchased tickets for an event in Manitoba through TicketsNow from and after February 17 , 2007 .
For more information visit www.ticketmasterclassaction.com.
UPDATE : 10:15 a.m. CST – ChrisD.ca just received a copy of the Statement of Claim .
The Plaintiff outlines that damages must be paid for the conspiracy of the Defendants to all Class Action members who endured the overcharge of tickets .
The suit also lists punitive damages , as seen below .
The value on these claims was not directly outlined and has yet to be determined .
DOWNLOAD COURT DOCUMENTS ( PDF , 1.3 MB )
Social media ; better with coffee .
About Me
I created and produce a web sitcom called Something to Be Desired , among other things .
I 'm a social media explorer .
View my complete profile
By Roger Harrabin
Environment analyst , BBC News
Ministers are accused of failing to pump money into green projects Prime Minister Gordon Brown has been accused by a think tank of failing to harness his economic stimulus for the benefit of the environment .
The New Economics Foundation says that among rich nations , the UK has invested the least in clean technology .
It called UK performance pathetic , but the Treasury said the fiscal stimulus could not be looked at in isolation .
It said it expected to drive over £ 50bn of investment in the low - carbon sector between 2008 and 2011 .
Meanwhile , three other reports out on Monday call for world leaders to use the financial crisis to create a new economy that benefits the environment .
They say the world financial stimulus package can improve security for energy , food and water supplies if it is invested wisely .
The analysis by the New Economics Foundation ( NEF ) criticises the UK for spending just over £ 100 m - 0.0083 % of its national wealth ( GDP ) - on genuinely new and additional measures to benefit the environment .
Andrew Sims , the report 's author , said : " This is a fraction of the amount given to RBS staff in bonuses .
The prime minister says he is creating green jobs but this is a fantasy .
The government 's performance is pathetic . "
' Comprehensive framework ' A Treasury spokesman said it was unfair to look at the green element of the fiscal stimulus in isolation .
He said : " The UK already has a comprehensive policy framework in place , expected to drive over £ 50bn of investment in the low - carbon sector between 2008 and 2011 , including supporting renewable energy , upgrading grid infrastructure , enhancing energy efficiency and improving public transport .
" This must be considered when comparing different countries ' approaches to low - carbon investment and the development of a low - carbon economy . "
Meanwhile Lord Stern , a former UK Treasury chief economic adviser , is launching a report commissioned by the German government .
It calls for massive investment by the G20 nations in energy efficiency and new electricity grids ; supporting markets for clean technology ; pushing up the price of emitting carbon ; and initiating large - scale demonstration projects for carbon capture and storage and concentrated solar and energy storage .
His study expresses confidence that G20 leaders can build a low - carbon economy which brings the world back on track for growth and prosperity .
In the UK , a report by Greenpeace , the Federation of Master Builders and the Liberal Democrats accuses the government of missing an open goal by creating jobs through new roads and subsidies to car firms when the cash could have been spent on more insulation .
They say this creates more jobs for the money , while also cutting energy demand and emissions .
' More work needed '
The report says the government 's new green measures will delay the growth of UK carbon emissions by five - and - a - half - hours by the end of 2011 .
Another report , this time by HSBC , suggests that South Korea and China have spent more than 1 % of their GDP on green growth .
Pavan Sukhdev , the banker who heads the UN 's green economy drive , told BBC News : " The UK needs to recognise this is a competitive situation .
" They need to compete into the future where there will be a cost for carbon , there will be low - carbon development models in rich and poor nations , and the UK will do itself and its entrepreneurial community an injustice if it does not provide them with at least the same competitive position that the rest of the world has .
" I think a bit more work is needed with Prime Minister Brown . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ben Stiller Mocks Joaquin Phoenix at Oscars ( VIDEO )
, dressed as , presented the award for Best Cinematography at the 2009 Oscars alongside
Stiller mocked Phoenix 's recent appearance on Late Night with David Letterman , donning a fake beard and sunglasses , while chewing gum .
Joaquin claims he is retiring from acting to become a rapper , and has appeared disheveled and unresponsive in recent interviews .
In my original post about his appearance on Letterman , I commented that I thought Joaquin was going through some sort of mental breakdown , however , after reviewing the video , I noticed at the very end of the show Joaquin laughs when Dave says " Joaquin , I 'm sorry you could n't be here tonight . "
Considering his ' confusion ' throughout the whole show , it seems funny that he ' gets ' the joke .
I also find it rather convenient that Joaquin's " breakdown " coincides with the filming of a documentary Casey Affleck is doing about his life .
IMO , the " documentary " is a cover for some sort of hoax Joaquin is trying to pull .
Perhaps he 's making a statement about the media feeding frenzy when a star breaks down , a la Britney Spears ?
Check out Ben Stiller as Joaquin Phoenix at the Oscars below .
View video of Joaquin on Letterman
Jim B. stared wistfully in the mirror at the wrinkles near his eyes and the few stray gray hairs that he ’d accumulated over the last six months .
On the way back to his desk , he stopped by his friend Mike 's desk .
“ Point three six , ” he said as he banged his head against Mike 's cubicle wall .
“ Point three six . ”
His work was about as high - stress as it gets – he was on a team building a security system that was responsible for keeping ne ’er - do - wells out of data belonging to nine - figure financial companies and an array of three - letter government organizations , many of which Jim had never heard of .
But if he failed and a hacker got into the data , Jim would be sure to find out exactly what the FQD was when they had him deported .
Security at the company was no joke – all employees were subjected to a drug test , three separate interviews including one where they ’d be grilled on ethics as they apply to IT , not to mention the extensive seven - page document he ’d had to fill out for his background investigation to be conducted .
Every door had a keycard lock , all passwords ( mixed - case , special characters , minimum 10 characters ) expired every 30 days , and all electronic devices ( iPods and cell phones ) had to be approved by management before they could be brought in .
This was serious security .
Mike was really Jim 's only friend on the inside .
Most of the salaried staff was skeptical of contractors like Jim , but Mike did n’t subscribe to their groupthink .
Jim and Mike shared in the pain of looming deadlines , the middle - school - esque giggling at management gaffes during meetings , and the sadness of the vending machine running out of Dr. Pepper .
Mike was always willing to lend a sympathetic ear to the dangerous levels of silliness Jim encountered on his projects .
With security stopping just shy of cavity searches at the beginning of the day , Jim was amazed when he figured out how to break into the system with ease .
Their impregnable system had just been impregnated .
Emergency Meeting
Jim called up an emergency meeting .
“ I was able to crack the security and get root access , ” Jim began .
An engineer audibly gasped .
“ But how ? ” someone cried .
“ All I had to do was modify the cookie and the lock file , and … ”
“ That ’s stupid .
Why would anyone ever do that ? ”
His boss , Paul , shot a glare at him .
“ I do n’t know , ” Jim said , “ curiosity ?
Ignorance ?
Malice ? ”
“ We ca n’t guard against malice . ”
“ We ca n’t guard against malice ? ! ”
Jim ’s jaw dropped .
Guarding against malice was the whole point , and the entire reason that the company existed .
This would ’ve been excusable if it came from a PHB , but this was a very experienced engineer .
“ Guarding against malice is exactly what we 're here to do !
If we ’re not going to guard against malice , we might as well just put post - it notes on the data that say ‘ Please Do n’t Look . ’ ”
A young developer scoffed .
“ You ca n’t put post - it notes on data ! ” Several people around the table exchanged smirks .
Jim exhaled deeply and could feel another wrinkle forming near his eye and another tuft of hair turning gray .
“ Look , this is what hackers do .
They dig around and find all the loose threads and try to use those to exploit the system .
If I ’m capable of doing it , then certainly a professional hacker paid by a government or well - funded competitor can . ”
“ But if they wanted to get to the database , they ’d just have to do ‘ psql –d xxxxxx - db - name ’ and they ’re in .
Like I said , we ca n’t protect against malice ! ”
Jim briefly wondered if he looked half as horrified as Mike did at that moment .
“ You… did n’t encrypt the database ? ! ”
“ … No … ”
The room remained silent , and Jim ’s mouth remained agape with horror .
Aside from Mike and Jim , everyone just looked bored .
Jim tried to size up the situation – it did n’t make sense that no one had his back .
His colleagues certainly were n’t curious , but they were perhaps ignorant or malicious .
Jim scanned the room with eyes imploring someone to have his back , but no one made any eye contact except Mike , who was apparently too stunned to speak up .
“ Look , I have real work to do , ” one complained .
“ Are we done here ? ” A few quiet “ yeah , me too ”s echoed throughout the room .
All of the bigwigs in the room scowled , packing up their notepads and folders .
As they filed out of the room , a few stink - eyes were shot Jim ’s way .
“ What a colossal waste of time , ” one said under his breath .
Eventually only Jim and Mike remained in the room .
Jim was still dumbfounded .
“ What the hell just happened ? ! ”
“ I really do n’t know , Jim .
I ca n’t believe it either .
But hey , I have to run to CompUSA .
You ’ve got that meeting with management now , right ? ”
Jim ’s heart sank .
He had almost forgotten that in 15 minutes , he ’d have a three hour meeting with some of the bigwigs that had just turned against him in his last meeting .
At this rate of wrinkle and gray hair accumulation , he'd be looking about 30 years older by the end of the day .
Ca n’t Wait
After the meeting , Jim was feeling numb .
He hobbled over to Mike ’s desk for some consoling .
“ Man , I have to say , I just want to get laid off . ”
“ You know , most engineers would ’ve stopped that sentence a word earlier , ” Mike replied with a chuckle .
“ I got you something from CompUSA . ”
Mike had picked up a beanbag keyboard rest , that he set in the spot where Jim would beat his head against Mike ’s desk in moments of intense frustration .
“ Point three six , man , ” Jim said while banging his head against the wrist rest .
“ Point three six . ”
It was his way of reminding himself that August 22nd ( or 8/22 ≈ .36 ) was the end of his contract .
A while ago I ranted and raved on how free email services look unprofessional .
I recommend Google Apps as a very inexpensive solution .
You get a professional looking email address , Gmail , Google Calendar and free home page hosting via Google sites for as little as $ 10 a year ( or free if you already own a domain ) .
Of course since then I realized that using Google Sites to create your homepage also looks unprofessional to a degree .
It ’s cool that you have your own domain that ends in your last name , but as soon as someone sees the “ Powered by Google Sites ” blurb on the bottom of your page , all the respect you might have gained fades away .
At least if you at some point claimed to know a thing or two about web design .
If you are looking for a job in or around web related technologies you probably should n’t use a free service that forces you to build simple static pages using WYSIWYG interface .
You just do n’t do that .
So let ’s review :
You already own a nice domain
You have already signed up for Google Apps like I told you Now you want a nice looking personal home page that is not powered by Google Sites
If possible , you still want to host it on the Google Cloud and for free
Pretty tough set of requirements to meet , but I do have a solution for you .
It ’s called Google App Engine which as you may or may not remember is one of my favorite things on the interwebs .
But Luke , is n’t App Engine only for …
You know …
Apps ?
Yes , it is .
But I have skimmed through their terms of service and I could n’t see any language that would suggest that you are NOT allowed to use it for personal home pages .
Besides , you could argue that a home page could be considered as an app with a limited scope – ie .
one that dynamically serves information about you to the readers .
App Engine is in fact perfect environment for simple semi-static home pages since you get :
Cloud hosting which is fast and very scalable Python back end scripting Django templates A simple database back end
Which means you can use server side includes or create nice looking template , and then just inject content into it .
In other words , you can make this page the right way , make it as simple or as complex as you please and you will have plenty of space to grow and add features .
For example at a later date you can actually decide to host a simple forum or a blog there .
You get much more bang for a buckthan on Sites .
I will show you how to get started .
First , register an app and call it something .
It does n’t really matter what you call it because your readers wo n’t ever see that name once you link it up to your Apps domain .
Next , download the development environment .
Now you are ready to create an app .
You can go for something really simple , or leverage Python and Django to build something more robust .
If you just want a simple static home page , head on over to Charles Engelke ’s blog to see how to set it up .
I decided to create something a little bit more complex , that will allow me to grow and expand my home page much more easily .
Besides , I am firm believer that you can’t really design a good looking web page without using includes .
It just does n’t work .
So even when when I have no server side includes I cheat and use Javascript to simulate them .
Anyway , to start you need to create a app.yaml file – here is mine :
application : your - app - name version : 1 runtime : python api_version : 1 handlers : - url : / static static_dir : static - url : /.* script : main.py
First line is where you put the app name you defined during registration .
The rest of that paragraph is standard boilerplate .
I also define two handlers .
One is for static directory where I will keep static files such as style sheets , images and etc .
The second will define the file main .py as the main handler for my application …
Er.. Homepage .
Now let ’s define main .
py :
import os import re from google .
appengine .ext import webapp from google.appengine.ext.webapp.util import run_wsgi_app from google.appengine.ext.webapp import template class MainPage( webapp.RequestHandler ) : def get ( self ) : p = self.request.get (' p ' ) ; if re.match ( " ^[ A - Za - z0 - 9 _ - ] * $ " , p ) : if p : page = p + " . html " else : page = " main.html " if not os.path.exists ( page ) : page = " 404.html " if p = " index " : page = " 404.html " else : page = " 404.html " template_values = { " page " : page , } ; path = os.path.join(os.path.dirname(__file__ ) , ' index.html ' ) self.response.out.write(template.render( path , template_values ) ) application = webapp .
WSGIApplication ([ ('/' , MainPage ) ] , debug=True ) def main ( ) : run_wsgi_app( application ) if __name__ == " __main__ " : main ( )
Hold your horses , I shall explain this in a second .
First let ’s just create a simple Django template :
{ % if page %} { % include page %} { % else %} { % include " main.html " %} { % endif %}
As you can see , there is a hole in the middle of the template where dynamic content will be loaded .
The content is determined at run time , by evaluating the “ p ” variable passed via GET request in the main .
py handler .
If I visit the page without passing in anything via GET the template will import the file “ main.html ” which should be in the same directory as the template and the python script ( ie. not the static directory – you actually do n’t want these things web - readable ) .
If I use URL like http://yourdomain.com/?p=about then my script will attempt to locate about .
html and import it .
If it does n’t find it , it will display 404.html instead .
Incredibly simple and yet functional .
It allows you to add as many static HTML pages as you need without ever having to redefine the handlers or ever changing the template .
Yes , there are probably better ways to do this , but this took me 5 minutes to set up and it works reasonably well and allows me to have a page with multiple sub pages , all using the same template and the same handler .
Last thing you need to do , is to connect your App Engine site with your Google Apps account .
You can do it directly from the App Engine control panel .
Google have a very detailed setup instructions with screenshots available so I do n’t think I need to repeat that stuff here .
It ’s easy , and it will take you 2 minutes , tops .
Once you are done , you will be all set .
Your AppEngine app will now show up on your Google Apps Dashboard .
Btw , Google really needs to do some re-branding – Google Apps and Google AppEngine are just way to similar names for these two very different services .
You can see this very setup in action by visiting my personal page .
Also note that it loads like 200 % faster than this very blog and it is hosted for free on App Engine .
Thanks for nothing Dreamhost !
Yes , this is much more complicated that setting up Google Sites web page .
But it does give you more credibility , and does allow you to show off your web design / scripting skills and have a much more interactive website .
It also allows you to add more dynamic features , widgets and all kinds of bells and whistles to your site later on .
9 Out Of This World Home Theaters
Do THX subwoofers and 18 - inch floor standing speakers make your heart race ?
Does the thought of watching T’Pol or 7 of 9 on a 140 - inch wide screen HDTV give you shivers ?
Is there anything better than watching the Death Star blow up while being nestled between a surround sound system powered by 8 amplifiers ?
What if it were in your very own home theater ?
Any video junkie can dream but these people are living proof that hi-tech , out - of - this - world home theater happiness really does exist .
Try not to drool too much .
1. The Next Generation
Designed by : Acoustic Innovations
4 years of planning and six months of work resulted in this impressive Star Trek home theater complete with ready room and private bar .
Yeah , you heard right – private bar .
The main attraction , the theater , was modeled after the NCC - 1701D Enterprise from ‘ The Next Generation ’ series and is chalk full of realistic sound effects , motion - activated air - lock doors and can even simulate a Romulan attack .
It was also named the Top Theme Theater in 2007 ( we ’re not surprised ) .
If that is n’t enough to get your pointy ears tingling check out these juicy photos .
Features :
JBL S100IO Synthesis Interconnect Kits
JBL S800 20 Channel THX Power Amplifiers
JBL SDEC2500A THX Digital EQ / Crossover
JBL SDP -40 THX Digital Surround Processor / System Controller
JBL K2 Synthesis Hercules System
Algolith Mosquito HDMI 3D MPEG Noise Reducer
Gefen EXT -HD - 441 4 HDMI x1 DVI HD Switcher
Key Digital KD - MSW8×3 Component & RGBHV Matrix Switcher
JBL K2S1000 DG 3 - way Dual 10 - inch Hercules Center Speakers
JBL K2S9800DG 3 - way 15 - inch Hercules Floorstanding Speakers
JBL S1A Dual 8 - inch Dipole Ambient THX Surrounds Speakers
JBL S1S - EX 18 - inch THX Subwoofers
2. The Matrix
Designed by : Genesis Audio
Morpheus said you must see it to believe it , and in this 33 x 19 x 11 ft home theater , seeing it will be no problem .
Genesis president , Bill Anderson ( Mr. Anderson … coincidence ? ) and interior designer Lezlie Trujillo created this futuristic Matrix home theater that ’s packed full of acoustical products to achieve optimum performance .
This theater was also the winning entry for Cedia ’s Electronic Lifestyles Award for Best Home Theater Level V : over $ 900,000.00 .
That ’s right , this baby cost nearly 1 million dollars to make , but you know it ’s totally worth it .
Features :
Runco DTV - 1101 Video Projector
4 - way Screen by Stewart Filmscreen
Faroudja DVP -5000 Video Processor
Escient Power Play DVD Management System
Revel Surround Sound Speaker System
Linn Klimax Mono-Block Power Amplifiers
RPG Class A QRD Formedffusor
RPG Diffsorptive Binary Amplitude Home Theater Panel
3. Star Wars ‘ Death Star ’
Designed by : Dillon Works
Arguably the best Sci-Fi film series ever , Star Wars inspired this awesome home theater that looks like the control deck of the Death Star .
Any Star Wars fan will tell you it looks pretty accurate and that ’s probably because it was designed by Doug Chiang , the lead designer of Episodes I and II .
Also helping to add some authentic touches were the owners , Vic Wertz and Lisa Stevens , who used to run the Official Star Wars Fan Club .
It was n’t hard for them to get their hands on some Star Wars memorabilia , considering they have a 3,000 square ft museum filled with items like the Millennium Falcon model used in ‘ The Empire Strikes Back ’ and the lightsaber used by Ewan McGregor in Episode I . Yeah , we ’re jealous too .
Features :
Hans Solo in Carbonite Door
CinemaTech Valentino Chairs
DirecTc HR10 - 250 HD
TiVo
Extron SW4 RGBHV RGB Switcher
Extron RGB468XT
Gaming Interface
Creston Theater Remote
JVC SR - S365U S-VHS VCR
Lexicon RT - 10 Universal DVD Player
Meridian DSP8000 Front Speakers
Meridian DSP6000 Side & Rear Speakers
Meridian DSP5500 HC Center Speaker
Meridian 861 Reference Preamp
Meridian 800 Reference DVD
Player
Meridian Audio & Video Cables
Pioneer CLD - D704 Laserdisc Player
Runco VX5C LT Anamorphic Lens
Runco VX5C 3 - Chip DLP Projector
Runco VX5 Outboard Processor
Sony SAT - T60 TiVo
Spaun SMS5802NF HD Multiswitch
Stewart VeLux DeLux ST130 Screen
4. Kipnis’ Outer Limits
Designed by : Kipnis Studios
It would be impossible to talk about the most amazing , high - tech , out - of - this - world home theaters without salivating over Jeremy Kipnis ’ $ 6,000,000 Outer Limit Home Theater .
The grandeur of this elaborate theater is n’t just a reflection of what money can buy but rather a love of video and painstaking attention to detail .
When creating his home theater , Kipnis wanted the “ absolute best picture and sound ” and refused to compromise on vision .
He used only the best , state of the art equipment to create what he believes is the ‘ greatest show on earth ’ , and we have to agree .
If you ’ve ever wondered exactly what $ 6 million can buy , the answer is one ground shaking , ear shattering , kick ass home theater .
Features :
Sony SRX - S110 Profession Video Projector
Stewart 18 x 10 foot Snowmatte 1.0 Gain Laboratory - Grade Motion Picture Screen
Pioneer HLD -X0 Hi-Vision HDTV MUSE Laserdisc Player
Mark Levinson N° 51 DVD / CD Media Player
SATA Drive ( 72 HDTV Hours Total )
JVC HMDH -5U D-VHS Recorder
Toshiba HD - Xa1 HD
Player
Sony PlayStation 3 Gaming Console
Sony BDP - S1 Blu-ray Player
Theta Digital Generation VIII 32 - bit 8 x Oversampling Dual Processors
Mark Levinson N° 33 h Amplifiers
Crown Macro Reference Gold Amplifiers
McIntosh MC - 2102 Amplifiers
Snell THX Music & Cinema reference LCR - 2800 Center - Channel Speakers
MuRata ES103A Super Tweeters
Snell THX Music & Cinema Reference Towers
Snell 1800 THX Music & Cinema Reference Subwoofers
5. Star Trek USS Enterprise
Designed by : Cinema Design Privee
Gary Sekulow and his wife are two people any trekkie will envy with a deep , fiery passion after seeing their realistic and authentic Star Trek Home Theater .
With technical advice from Rick Sternbach , senior illustrator on Star Trek , the Sekulow ’s did n’t just throw some paint on the walls and a few buttons here and there .
They actually used real props from Star Trek including two original consoles , backlit graphic panels , wall panels from the USS Enterprise and , probably the most coveted , the Captain ’s Chair , to deck out a theater that would make James T. Kirk proud .
To really help set the mood , they even added a customized Stardome overhead complete with the Milky Way galaxy and shooting stars .
Features :
Runco 1100 Ultra 1080P Projector
Stewart Curved Micro- Perf 100 ” screen
Denon THX 4800 Receiver
Lumagen Vision HDQ Video Processor
Monster Reference PowerCenter Line Conditioner HT 32500
Motorola DCT 3412 HDTV
Receiver
Lutron Grafik Eye Light Controllers
Toshiba HD - DVD HD-XA2
Sony PlayStation 3 with Blu-ray
Sony 300 DVD Changer
Adcom GFA - 2532 Amp
Atlanta Technology 378 THX Center Left Right and Sub
Triad Surround Bronze in Wall Speakers
Crestron 1700 Touchscreen and Controllers
Dell Media Center with 5 17 - inch LCD Flat Panel Monitor Screens
Buttkicker Tactical Sound / LFE Motion Producers
6 . The Bat Cave
Designed by : DC Audio Video Systems
Aside from Bruce Wayne and Alfred , who else would want to have a bat cave home theater ?
Why , a retired naturalist , that ’s who .
DC Audio Video Systems President , Nick Mark , was hired by the retiree to design and build a home theater that looked like a real bat cave .
After spending time researching caves in Vermont , the client thought her theater , already located in her cellar , would be a perfect fit for the nocturnal theme .
Complete with fake bats and stalactites hanging from the ceiling , this theater is about as unique as it gets when it comes to home theater themes .
But do n’t let the title of ‘ retired naturalist ’ fool you .
She pulled out all the stops and decked this gothic lair out with a $ 36,000 projector , 8 black , motorized leather recliners and 110 ” Electriscreen .
Features :
Faroudja DVP5000 Video Processor
Rane THX44 for Equalization
Triad Silver THX Speakers
B&K Reference 50 Audio Processor
B&K Reference 7270 Audio Amplifier
Motorized 110 ” 16:9 Electriscreen
Extron Matrix Switching and Distribution
Pioneer DV79 DVD
Player
Sony G90 Projector ( 1080 p 2500 x 2000 CRT projector )
Crestron STX - 1700 Control System
Aprilaire Remote Temp and Humidity Sensors to HVAC Control
LiteTouch LC5000 System for Lighting Control
BTX Custom Manufactured Drapes
Active Thermal Management Push - Pull Units for System Cooling
Monster Cable UPS and Surge Products for Power Management
Monster Cable Custom Patch Cords with Compression Connectors
7. Revenge of the Sith
Designed by : CDGI
The Force is definitely strong with this ‘ Revenge of The Sith ’ inspired home theater designed by CDGI in partner with DreamSpace .
Owner Steve Simon had originally wanted to convert his garage into a theater themed with his Star Wars memorabilia but soon realized this would not do the epic saga justice , and decided to go to the dark side .
Inspired by the climatic moment when Chancellor Palpatine invites Anakin Skywalker to his office overlooking Imperial City , Steve decided to recreate that infamous red office complete with a 3D rendering of the Imperial City backdrop that can be seen through one of four ‘ windows ’ .
Everything was designed to precise detail and the project became a labor of love that took a year and a half to build .
Now that ’s a dedicated fan !
Features :
Anthem Statement D2 Processor
Anthem P5 Multichannel Amplifier
RTI T3 Universal Controller
Lutron Grafik Eye Lighting
Middle Atlantice AXSX Equipment Ravck
Marantz VP11S2 DLP
Projector
Vutect 103 - inch XFH Screen
Velodyne DD10 Subwoofer
B&W HTM2 Center Channel
B&W 802 Front Channels
B&W DS8 Side Channels
B&W SCMS Rear Surrounds
8. DIY Star Trek
Designed by : Gary Reighn
It ’s pretty easy to design and build an incredible home theater homage to one of the greatest sci- fi series of all time when you ’ve got millions of dollars to blow on top - of - the - line equipment , memorabilia and theater designers .
But what if you ’ve only got $ 15,000 and your own two hands ?
That ’s just what Philadelphia homeowner Gary Reighn did when he designed and built this home theater inspired by the Star Trek command bridge .
Although this theater is n’t the biggest or the most expensive Star Trek - themed theater out there , it is undoubtedly one of the most impressive considering Gary built it entirely from scratch all by himself .
He crafted all the space - view ports , used $ 50.00 office recliners ( that he customized with cup holders ) and even made the 102 - inch screen using matte white screen vinyl and steel framing painted black .
By building this Star Trek theater , Gary truly went where no man has gone before .
Features :
High Definition Sony LCD Projector ( 720 p resolution )
Polk Audio Speakers
12 - inch Velodyne Subwoofer
Yamaha Received
Bravo DVD Player
Phillips Pronto Remote
Bass Shakers
102 - inch Screen .
9. Sci-Fi Tribute
Designed by : Escom
Affectionately described as a ‘ spaceship transporting dangerous aliens ’ , Dr. David Winn ’s $ 100,000 home theater is a tribute to all things horror and sci-fi .
After collecting movie memorabilia from his favorite horror and space flicks , David decided the logical thing to do was build a 25 x 35 ft home theater to showcase them all .
With portholes to gaze out over the galaxy and a 144 - inch screen , there ’s certainly a lot to please the eyes , but what makes this theater so unique is the way David recreates a real life horror movie using his full - sized alien killers .
With homages to the Predator and the Creature of the Black Lagoon , David has creatures emerging from the ceilings and the couch to give his movie - goers a scare .
He even uses some special effects to make things really chilling , like when the room suddenly fills with steam and an alien lurches out of the wall .
This home theater is a blood - curdling , sci - fi wonderland that would make any space junkie drool .
Features :
Whistleblower website Wikileaks faced a dilemma this week when a list of email addresses for the site 's donors was submitted as a leaked document .
The issue arose after a fund raising email on Saturday went out with all 58 addresses in the To field ( instead of the bcc field ) .
The all too common schoolboy error meant that all the recipients found out the online identities of other donors .
The list was promptly resubmitted as a leaked document which , to its credit , Wikileaks published along with the comment from the leaker that " WikiLeaks leaks its own donors , aww irony .
BCC next time kthx " .
In a note , Wikileaks described the list as a partial list of its donors , adding its speculation as to the likely motives of the leaker .
" A prankster , apparently connected to one of the donors , then submitted this list to Wikileaks , possibly to test the project 's principles of complete impartiality when dealing with whistleblowers , " it said .
Enterprisingly , the same page includes a link to make donations .
Some comments on the story try to reassure would - be leakers that the slip - up is unrelated to Wikileaks ' procedures for protecting its sources .
" It does n't reflect anything to do with the wikileaks source protection operations , which are separate to office admin , " one comment states .
" While the release of these addresses is not optimal , all such donations have bank records and confirmations that travel over plain email . "
Other comments highlight concerns that the leaked list might be used to make life difficult for the controversial project .
" Hopefully , Scientologists do n't go after the people listed here .
I would n't put it past them , " one person notes .
Previous notable leaks that have come through the whistleblower website include Guantánamo Bay procedures , internal documents related to the Church of Scientology , the BNP membership list and a costing plan by Bavarian police related to a project to develop software capable of intercepting Skype traffic . ®
Computing Thoughts
The Positive Legacy of C++ and Java
by Bruce Eckel
March 14 , 2009
Summary
In a recent discussion , there were assertions that C++ was a poorly - designed language .
I was on the C++ Standards Committee for 8 years , and saw the decisions take place .
I think it 's helpful to understand the language choices for both C++ and Java in order to see the bigger perspective .
Advertisement
That said , I hardly ever use C++ anymore .
When I do , it 's either examining legacy code , or to write performance - critical sections , typically as small as possible to be called from other code ( my preferred approach is to quickly write an app in Python , then profile it and if necessary improve performance by calling small portions of C++ using Python 's ctypes library ) .
Because I was on the C++ Standards Committee , I saw these decisions being made .
They were all extremely carefully considered , far more so than many of the decisions made in Java .
However , as people have rightly pointed out , the resulting language was complicated and painful to use and full of weird rules that I forget as soon as I 'm away from it for a little while -- and I figured out those rules from first principles while I wrote books , not just by memorizing them .
To understand how the language can be both unpleasant and complicated , and well designed at the same time , you must keep in mind the primary design decision upon which everything in C++ hung : compatibility with C. Stroustrup decided -- and correctly so , it would appear -- that the way to get the masses of C programmers to move to objects was to make the move transparent : to allow them to compile their C code unchanged under C++.
This was a huge constraint , and has always been C++'s greatest strength ... and its bane .
It 's what made C++ as successful as it was , and as complex as it is .
It also fooled the Java designers who did n't understand C++ well enough .
For example , they thought operator overloading was too hard for programmers to use properly .
Which is basically true in C++ , because C++ has both stack allocation and heap allocation and you must overload your operators to handle all situations and not cause memory leaks .
Difficult indeed .
Java , however , has a single storage allocation mechanism and a garbage collector , which makes operator overloading trivial -- as was shown in C# ( but had already been shown in Python , which predated Java ) .
But for many years , the partly line from the Java team was " Operator overloading is too complicated . "
This and many other decisions where someone clearly did n't do their homework is why I have a reputation for disdaining many of the choices made by Gosling and the Java team .
There are plenty of other examples .
Primitives " had to be included for efficiency . "
The right answer is to stay true to " everything is an object " and provide a trap door to do lower - level activities when efficiency was required ( this would also have allowed for the hotspot technologies to transparently make things more efficient , as they eventually would have ) .
Oh , and the fact that you can't use the floating point processor directly to calculate transcendental functions ( it 's done in software instead ) .
I 've written about issues like this as much as I can stand , and the answer I hear has always been some tautological reply to the effect that " this is the Java way . "
When I wrote about how badly generics were designed , I got the same response , along with " we must be backwards compatible with previous ( bad ) decisions made in Java . "
Lately more and more people have gained enough experience with Generics to see that they really are very hard to use -- indeed , C++ templates are much more powerful and consistent ( and much easier to use now that compiler error messages are tolerable ) .
People have even been taking reification seriously -- something that would be helpful but wo n't put that much of a dent in a design that is crippled by self - imposed constraints .
The list goes on to the point where it 's just tedious .
Does this mean Java was a failure ?
Absolutely not .
Java brought the mainstream of programmers into the world of garbage collection , virtual machines and a consistent error handling model ( especially if you subtract checked exceptions , which is possible using techniques I show in Thinking in Java , 4e ) .
With all its flaws , it moved us up a level , to the point where we are now ready for higher - level languages .
At one point , C++ was the leading language and people thought it would always be so .
Many think the same about Java , but Java has made it even easier to replace itself , because of the JVM .
It 's now possible for someone to create a new language and have it run as efficiently as Java in short order ;
Previously , getting a correct and efficient compiler took most of the development time for a new language .
And we are seeing this happen -- both with higher - level static languages like Scala , and with dynamic languages , both new and ports , like Groovy , JRuby and Jython .
This is the future , and the transition is much smoother because you can easily use these new languages in conjunction with existing Java code , and you can rewrite bottlenecks in Java if necessary .
Java itself will diminish , just as C++ did , to be used in special cases ( or perhaps just to support legacy code , since it does n't have the same connection to hardware as C++ does ) .
But the unintentional benefit , the true accidental brilliance of Java is that it has created a very smooth path for its own replacements , even if Java itself has reached the point where it can no longer evolve .
All future languages should learn from this : either create a culture where you can be refactored ( as Python and Ruby have done ) or allow competitive species to thrive .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 210 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Bruce Eckel adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Bruce Eckel ( www.BruceEckel.com) provides development assistance in Python with user interfaces in Flex .
He is the author of Thinking in Java ( Prentice - Hall , 1998 , 2nd Edition , 2000 , 3rd Edition , 2003 , 4th Edition , 2005 ) , the Hands - On Java Seminar CD ROM ( available on the Web site ) , Thinking in C++ ( PH 1995 ; 2nd edition 2000 , Volume 2 with Chuck Allison , 2003 ) , C++ Inside & Out ( Osborne / McGraw - Hill 1993 ) , among others .
He 's given hundreds of presentations throughout the world , published over 150 articles in numerous magazines , was a founding member of the ANSI / ISO C++ committee and speaks regularly at conferences .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2009 Bruce Eckel .
All rights reserved .
" Happy Face " Crater on Mars
Oblique View of " Happy Face "
GIF = 593 KBytes
Ancillary Data for this Mosaic
Vertical View of " Happy Face "
GIF = 196 KBytes
Data derived from 1/64° per pixel USGS Digital Image Mosaic
" As readers no doubt know , stocks took off , bonds rallied big , as did gold ( note the last two are contradictory ) "
Yves Smith at the Naked Capitalism blog writes this regarding the market effects of the " Shock and Awe " inflationary shock from the Fed yesterday : Smith does n't elaborate upon why she thinks it is contradictory with a rally in bonds and a rally in gold , but presumably this assertion is based on a belief that a rally in bonds indicates falling inflationary expectations , while a rally in gold indicates rising inflationary expectations .
This illustrates the confusion that exists on this issue .
Smith , like previously Mike Shedlock , analyses Treasury yields only from an inflationary expectations basis .
Yet as I pointed out in my analysis of Shedlock 's previous similar assertions , there are many factors that could move bond yields , and inflationary expectations is just one of them .
There are other factors that are neutral from the point of view of inflation , and there is one way in which more inflation will lower Treasury yields : namely if the central banks starts to flood bond markets with liquidity by buying Treasuries and other bonds .
Thus , far from being " contradictory " to a gold price rally , a bond rally ( and the decline in yields this implies ) could be very consistent with it .
Indeed , yesterday 's dramatic price movements illustrate just how wrong Smith and Shedlock are in arguing that falling Treasury yields necessarily indicates a more deflationary ( less inflationary ) environment .
No one in their right mind could possible believe that the news that the Fed will increase their planned asset purchases from $ 600 billion to $ 1.75 trillion and pay for those purchases by " printing money " could mean less inflation .
Instead , it will of course mean more inflation .
And so , if movements in Treasury yields primarily or even entirely reflected movements in inflationary expectations , then Treasury yields should have fallen yesterday .
Instead , the 10 - year yield plummeted from 3.02 % to 2.52 % , one of the biggest one day drops ever .
This illustrates that the yield reducing effect from a greater money supply is very real , and often ( including in this case ) far more significant than the yield increasing effects of higher inflationary expectations .
This is not to say that it is irrelevant .
While the yield gap between regular securities and inflation - protected securities is an imperfect measure of inflationary expectations ( because the former are more liquid ) , its movements still gives you a hint of inflationary expectations .
Tuesday March 17 , the nominal 10 - year yield was 3.02 % and the inflation - protected 10 - year yield was 1.90 % .
When this is written ( the numbers may have changed slightly when you read this ) , the nominal 10 - year yield was 2.52 % and the inflation - protected yield was 1.21 % .
While the nominal yield thus dropped 50 basis points , the inflation - protected yield fell as much as 69 basis points , meaning that the yield gap thus rose 19 basis points .
The increase in inflationary expectations thus limited the decline in yields somewhat .
But the expectations of massive money supply increases still overwhelmed that effect , as the 50 basis point decline in 10 - year yields illustrated .
Lily Allen finally found a community that would accept her as a sex object and that is the Furries / Plushies mainly because it covers up her fat body .
In my defense for always calling her out for being fucking ugly , fat and unappealing , the Furries / Plushies community is pretty easy to be desirable in , because it ’s one of those things that not that many people are into or even know about , and because it is weird .
It ’s not the kind of fetish you try out with a girl bring the girl home from the club , because trying to get her into a mascot costume to rub up against her does n’t always go over well .
Maybe this is just therapy for the loss of her child , you know dressing up like the toys she should be playing with and picking up off the nursery floor .
Fucking hippies …
Either way , Lily Allen looks better than ever in this shit , because she ’s always had a body that needed to be covered up .. or left in the barn … .
Here are some pictures of the Furry Convention because it ’s more interesting that Lily Allen
GO
Lily Allen is Furry Fetishist of the Day
Posted in : Asshole|Lily Allen
Is this the biggest cheque EVER ?
For Zimbabwe $ 1,072,418,000,000,000 ... or about £ 2
It is without doubt the largest cheque ever seen .
But it ’s worth little more than the paper it ’s written on .
The astronomical sum of one quadrillion , seventy - two trillion , four hundred and eighteen billion and three million dollars only – note the only – was drawn on the MBCA Bank in Zimbabwe , part of one of the largest banking groups in Africa .
The biggest cheque ever ? :
The amount is incomprehensible
It was paid by Kasawe Estates , a property company , and was emailed to the Daily Mail by a group of former Rhodesian expatriats who are horrified at Zimbabwe ’s incredible rate of inflation – officially 2.2 million per cent , but , British experts say , closer to 12.5 million per cent .
Currency dealers said the plunging value of Zimbabwe dollars made it almost impossible to estimate its value , but some thought it would have been worth no more than a few pounds yesterday -- and certainly even less today .
The incredible cheque , which is believed to be a payment as part of a property deal , was revealed as the Zimbabwe central bank decided to reduce the huge sums that hard - pressed citizens have to deal with by simply knocking 10 zeros off the end .
Desperate measures :
The new Zimbabwean one dollar note
That means that from Friday , when new bank notes are printed , 10 billion old Zimbabwean dollars become a single dollar .
The desperate move was taken by bank governor Gideon Gono because the nation ’s computers , calculators and ATMs faced meltdown because they can’t handle all the zeros involved when bread and staple foods cost billions and trillions of dollars .
The move came a week after Dr Gono introduced a 100 billion - dollar note which is now not enough to buy a loaf of bread .
But analysts said the move would do nothing to end an economic disaster blamed on President Robert Mugabe 's land - grab policies which have caused chronic shortages of food and foreign currency .
The Guinness Book of Records says the greatest amount in real money paid by a single cheque in the history of banking was £ 2,474,655,000 ( two billion four hundred and seventy four million , six hundred and fifty - five thousand pounds ) .
It was issued in March 1995 as part of a share deal between Glaxo and the Wellcome Trust .
" The Zimbabwe dollar will be redenominated by a factor of one to 10 , which means we are removing 10 zeros from our monetary value .
Ten billion ( Zimbabwean ) dollars today will be reduced to one dollar with effective from August 1 , " Gono said in a television broadcast .
Fault : Robert Mugabe in Harare today .
Analysts have blamed the hyperinflation on his economic policies
" The new currency will co-circulate together with the family of bearer cheques ... which shall cease to be legal tender on the 31st of December 2008 , " Gono said .
Prices are rocketing on a daily basis as ordinary Zimbabweans struggle to survive .
Businesses justify price hikes as the only measure to avert collapse .
Gono in mid-2006 removed three zeros from the local dollar to make life easier for shoppers forced to carry huge piles of cash to make even the simplest purchases , but the move was followed by sharp price rises .
The government this month started distributing subsidised basic goods and quietly hiked salaries for its workers to an average 2 trillion Zimbabwean dollars , worth £ 17 dollars on the official market and as low as £ 1.50 on the parallel market .
The salary is enough to pay for 10 trips to work at today 's fares or buy eight loaves of bread .
Mugabe accuses businesses of unfairly increasing prices as part of a wider plot to incite people against his government and today warned companies that authorities would impose emergency measures if they continued profiteering .
Gono raised the daily cash withdrawal limit from 100 billion Zimbabwean dollars to 2 trillion Zimbabwean dollars , which analysts said was still far short of individual daily cash requirements .
" This ( re- denomination ) is just to overcome the absurd difficulty of having to deal with all those zeros but it does not address the root cause of the problem , " John Robertson , an economic consultant , said .
" The problem is of scarcity of foreign earnings and investment inflows .
I would like to see the government remove its 51 per cent empowerment requirement on all new investments . "
Mugabe early this year signed into law a bill giving local owners majority control of foreign - owned firms , including mines and banks .
Kate Hudson Talks Sex and Men
The beautiful , funny and talented Bride Wars staris single for the first time since she was 16 .
Hudson and Black Crowes rockerdivorced back in 2006 but remain close thanks in large part to their nearly 5 year old son Ryder .
Men from her past include Owen Wilson , Dax Shepard and Lance Armstrong .
At a young age , Kate 's famous mother Goldie Hawn became worried about her daughter 's obsession with the opposite sex .
Kate admits she has always loved boys and that being single is a new thing for her .
Men take note - in an interview with Elle magazine Kate gave us a little insight into what she believes makes a relationship tick :
" People think you can put your sexual life on hold , but you have to find time for it .
Without that relationship , our family is broken .
My mom really implanted that in me when I was pregnant . "
Hudson is currently making the rounds to promote Bride Wars with her co-star .
The movie is about two best friends who both are set to be married .
Things turn ugly when they discover that their weddings are on the same day .
Kate believes that women are more complicated than men and know how to hit where it hurts and men just go for the shins .
Read more about Hudson 's view on the opposite sex here .
Photo gallery below .
Check out Kate 's recent ELLE photo shoot and Bride Wars movie trailer .
Photos : PNP / Wenn.com
Yesterday I did a talk at the inaugural Multipack Presents event in Birmingham , about some whizzy JavaScript stuff that people might not know about .
It covered things that are nearly available for use everywhere ( getElementsByClassName , Array .
forEach ) right up to things that only have an implementation at the moment in one browser ( server - sent events ( Opera ) , local SQL database storage ( Webkit ) ) .
The idea was to say firstly “ look at all this cool stuff that ’s coming up ” but more importantly to say “ look at all this cool stuff you can use right now if you want to ! ”
Talk available for browsing and downloading over at the Whizzy JavaScript Stuff talk page , anyway .
Thanks to the Multipack for having me ; I hope there are many more of these events !
There are event photos on Flickr , and I ’m told there may be ( incomplete ) video of my talk available at some point ( when there is I ’ll link to it ) .
“ We punish people for intentional misconduct , we do n’t punish them for stupidity or innocent mistakes , ” he said .
“ If you ’re a prosecutor , you want evidence that shows real dishonesty .
You want something that shows that these people were doing something wrong , and they knew it . ”
That nearly all of the banking industry acted the same , possibly reckless , way could actually help any executive who lands in court , lawyers said .
The herdlike behavior suggested that bankers were competing for business using widely shared assumptions , rather than trying to get away with a crime .
It would be hard to prove that anyone broke the rules , these lawyers said , since regulations in the riskiest parts of the mortgage industry were so lax .
One defense lawyer said he expected to argue that either his clients did not understand the financial instruments they were marketing , or were not warned of the dangers by underlings .
“ We ’ll all sing the stupidity song , ” said the lawyer , who said he feared that speaking publicly by name would deter potential clients .
“ We ’ll all sing the ‘ These guys never told me ’ song . “
But for government lawyers , the environment for corporate fraud cases could scarcely be more inviting .
It is not just that the public ’s zeal for Wall Street pelts is high .
The resources are there , too , because some of the money once used to fight terrorism is being shifted to fighting financial fraud .
And in recent years the use of wire fraud statutes has expanded , allowing prosecutors to turn virtually anything said or sent by e-mail in private into a federal crime , if it contradicts what investors were told in public disclosures .
Wire fraud charges were among those against two former Bear Stearns managers who were arrested in June , accused of praising their hedge fund to clients as they worried about it to colleagues .
Federal sentencing guidelines also link the length of a prison term to the size of the financial loss to the public .
Given that so many billions have vaporized recently , convictions could easily lead to life sentences , defense lawyers said , and the mere threat of such sentences gives prosecutors enormous leverage in settlement talks .
“ There are executives now getting sentences longer than murderers and rapists , ” said Mr. Petrocelli , the lawyer , referring to white - collar prosecutions in recent years , including that of Mr. Skilling of Enron , who is now serving a 24 - year sentence for securities fraud and other crimes .
Until just recently I never realized how much of a bacon subculture actually exists out there on the world wide web .
I 've posted many different bacon related items in the past two months and will continue to post new ones as I find them .
This particular item gives you the ability to have bacon breath at snap of your fingers .
Reach into your pocket , pull out your bacon gumball tin , and pop a bacon flavored gum ball in your mouth .
Chew one of those bad boys up , blow a few bacon bubbles and your breath will smell like the sweet sweet smell of cholesterol filled arteries .
For all you virgins out there , always chew a piece of bacon gum right before you pick up your date , nothing says lets do it like a mouth full of pig meat .
If you want to pick up a tin of bacon balls , You Can Buy Some Bacon Gumballs Here Want even more bacon goodness ?
Check out some of these other bacon items :
Israeli attacks on paramedics guardian.co.uk
Medical staff and ambulance drivers who attempted to assist casualties of the Israeli invasion of Gaza have told the Guardian that they were attacked by Israeli forces while trying to carry out their job .
The offensive left 16 medics dead .
Nearly all of them were killed by Israeli fire while trying to save lives , and many more were wounded .
According to the World Health Organisation , more than half of Gaza 's 27 hospitals were damaged by Israeli bombs .
Two clinics were completely destroyed and 44 others received damage .
Dr Moawa Hassenein , the head of Gaza 's Red Crescent ambulance teams , said it was the worst assault he had seen on ambulance workers : " I have never seen anything like what happened … Never in all my years have I seen this many health workers and facilities targeted in this way . "
In a report released yesterday , Physicians for Human Rights Israel said there was " certainty " that Israel had violated international humanitarian law , with attacks on medics , damage to medical buildings , indiscriminate attacks on civilians and delays in medical treatment for the injured .
" We have noticed a stark decline in IDF [ Israeli Defence Forces ] morals concerning the Palestinian population of Gaza , which in reality amounts to a contempt for Palestinian lives , " said Dani Filc , the chairman of the pressure group .
On one day – 4 January – four medics were killed in two separate incidents .
The first saw paramedics Khaled Abu Saada and Arafa Abdel Daym hit by an Israeli tank shell packed with 8,000 flechettes ‑ dart - like nails ‑ as they moved one of three wounded civilians into their ambulance .
The patient died instantly ; the paramedic died on the way to hospital .
Saada was thrown to the ground with three flechettes in the back of his head .
" I picked myself up and found Arafa kneeling down with his hands up in the air and praying to God , his body was riddled with darts , " he said .
" The patient was in pieces , his head was missing .
I was hysterical . "
In the second incident , two ambulances called out to rescue injured men from a field in the Tel al Hawa district of Gaza City were hit by Israeli helicopter fire .
Three medics and a 12 - year - old boy , Omar , who was guiding them , were killed .
The Geneva convention explicitly forbids the targeting of medics or medical facilities .
" Medical personnel exclusively engaged in the search for , or the collection , transport or treatment of , the wounded or sick shall be respected and protected in all circumstances , " it says .
In a statement , the IDF said : " The IDF does not target medics or other medical staff .
As a part of their training , IDF soldiers receive instructions on identifying and avoiding injury to medical staff in the battlefield .
" However , in light of the difficult reality of warfare in the Gaza Strip carried out in urban and densely populated areas , medics who operate in the area take the risk upon themselves . "
The International Committee of the Red Cross went further than ever before in criticising Israel 's attacks on medical staff and facilities during the 23 - day Israeli operation .
In one incident , a Red Cross - led convoy of 13 ambulances carrying wounded to Egypt was fired on , despite Israeli clearance for the journey .
The convoy was forced to turn back and two of the wounded died after being unable to receive treatment .
Ambulance workers have described more than 30 incidents in which they were prevented from reaching the injured .
Medics have also said their ambulances were used as human shields by the Israeli army .
Ambulance driver Hassan Kalhout described one such ordeal : " They were firing mortars and phosphorus bombs at the houses .
They placed our vehicles in front of them while they continued to fire .
They made us stay in the ambulances and used us as cover as they fired on civilians . "
The Israeli military declined to comment directly on why more than half of Gaza 's hospitals were damaged by Israeli bombing but told the Guardian " an extensive post - invasion investigation " was under way and that it was looking into allegations that hospitals were targeted during the offensive .
Some Israeli officials have said that Palestinian fighters were either treated in these hospitals or took shelter in them .
What the Geneva convention says
Bathtub IV
Posted by Pete Berg on Thursday , February 19th , 2009 at 3:53 pm
This is a beautiful , beautiful , beautiful video by Keith Loutit .
No snarky comments here .
Just watch it .
If you 've been watching the news this week , you might have caught NFL security VP Milton Ahlerich saying that Raymond James Stadium in Tampa will be " one the safest locations you can possibly be " during the Super Bowl on Sunday , and it looks like Microsoft Surface will be a big reason why : it 's being used to coordinate security forces around the site .
It 's seriously slick -- maps are integrated with planning and voice communications software so the field commanders can immediately assess incident responses and personnel deployments , with the ability to initiate radio contact directly from the interface .
Definitely much cooler than zooming in and out of photos and ordering drinks , we 'd say -- video after the break .
As we all know , Limbaugh had drawn the fire of the Democratic Party and the liberal blogosphere when he said that he hoped President Obama would fail almost as soon as the ....
He embarrassed himself further by saying that the GOP needed to go into rehab , baby , and work those 12 steps of recovery .
But that did n't come close to the colossal blunder he made by attacking Rush Limbaugh on CNN .
Perhaps most significantly in the long run , Steele has had several bad stories emerge regarding his 2006 Maryland Senate campaign financial operations .
In early February , this Washington Post investigative report disclosed that the finance director of Steele 's failed 2006 Senate bid has told federal prosecutors that the campaign had funneled cash to a company run by Steele 's sister .
Steele strongly denied wrongdoing .
In less time than it takes to grow a 5 o’clock shadow , Steele was quickly implicated in a possible 2006 election scandal involving cash being paid to his sister 's defunct company , which never performed any services .
Nate Silver writes :
I do n’t think that ’s what the RNC had in mind when he was selected to head the national committee , but it was just a signal of what was to come .
You have absolutely no reason -- none -- to trust our word or our actions at this point .
That 's what conservatives need .
Just a dash of pop culture and rap to liven it up .
Now , telling a national audience that government does n't create jobs was n't exactly a confidence - builder , but then he also said that the Republican Party just can't be trusted these days , bada bing ! :
Newly - elected Republican National Committee Chairman Michael S. Steele plans an " off the hook " public relations offensive to attract younger voters , especially blacks and Hispanics , by applying the party 's principles to " urban - suburban hip - hop settings . "
That seemed like a wise move , because as soon as Steele took over the RNC after a long , drawn - out election process that took six ballots , he immediately promised to go " off the hook , " baby , and bring a little more " hip hop " to the GOP .
This past week , Michael Steele took a break from speaking to the media by sending himself to the basement to focus on filling some vacant positions and begin the Herculean task of rebuilding the Republican Party ( or was that the Augean Stables ? ) .
From time to time here on The Ticket , we 're inviting guest bloggers to share their views and our space with loyal Ticket readers .
Today 's guest is John Amato , who invented , writes and has driven Crooks and Liars to become in less than five years what Time magazine calls one of the world 's top 25 blogs .
We 're delighted he agreed to visit today .
Here 's John :
...44th president had been sworn in .
When Steele was asked to comment on Limbaugh ’s inapt hatefulness , he said this on the now - defunct D.L. Hughley show :
STEELE : So let ’s put it into context here .
Let ’s put it into context here .
Rush Limbaugh is an entertainer .
Rush Limbaugh , his whole thing is entertainment .
Yes , it ’s incendiary .
Yes , it ’s ugly .
That was an accurate statement , but Rush Limbaugh immediately retaliated and , in less than two shakes , Michael Steele apologized to Limbaugh for the chairman 's own words .
" My intent was not to go after Rush -– I have enormous respect for Rush Limbaugh , ” Steele said in a telephone interview .
“ I was maybe a little bit inarticulate . …
There was no attempt on my part to diminish his voice or his leadership .
" I went back at that tape and I realized words that I said were n’t what I was thinking , ” Steele said .
" It was one of those things where I thinking I was saying one thing , and it came out differently .
What I was trying to say was a lot of people … want to make Rush the scapegoat , the bogeyman , and he ’s not .
" I was n’t trying to slam him or anything . ”
Steele is the head of the RNC and as close to an official chief political figurehead as the GOP has right now .
Apologizing to Limbaugh made him look weak and ineffectual , but it also angered many in the base because he fed right into the Limbaugh controversy that had been boiling over .
Insiders have said they are also afraid that donations from Limbaugh listeners could go down because of his actions .
The incident , said another prominent RNC member , would cost the party a significant amount of money from small - dollar contributors who listen to Limbaugh ’s show .
The RNC has counted on money from Limbaugh ’s fans for decades .
Republican strategists fret that fundraising will slow significantly under Steele .
That ’s not the type of thing a leader does .
Michael Steele has never won so much as an election on his own before , and it shows .
After he was defeated in his bid to become a senator in 2006 , he found a home as a talking head pundit on Fox News .
That is a huge problem for him , because saying outrageous and incendiary things is part of the job at Fox , and frankly , that 's what Limbaugh gets paid to do .
It seems that Steele does n't understand he's not talking to only right - wing ideologue viewers on cable TV anymore , but he 's representing the future of the entire Republican Party to America .
And in this capacity he is failing miserably .
RNC members are calling for him to resign already , and that 's never a good sign .
The latest word on the street is that if he fails to deliver in the upcoming special election for the NY - 20 , a Republican district , he will be ousted , but Jim Tedisco has a solid lead in the polls .
According to multiple former high - level RNC staffers familiar with the dynamics involved , Steele is unlikely to survive in the post if favored Republican Jim Tedisco loses his open - seat race to Democrat Scott Murphy .
The special election , scheduled for March 31 , is to fill a vacancy left when Kirsten Gillibrand took Hillary Clinton ’s Senate seat .
If Tedisco loses , the ex-staffers said , “ Steele is done . ”
Completely , definitively ?
In all likelihood , NY - 20 will turn Republican no matter who had won the RNC job , but that wo n't give Steele a reprieve for very long .
The GOP has suffered serious blows to the credibility of two of the most prominent conservative leaders who would challenge for the presidency in 2012 .
Sarah Palin has turned into a major disaster for their party except to the fringes , and Gov. Bobby Jindal 's reputation took a serious hit after he gave a zombie - like performance in his response speech to President Obama 's national talk to the nation about the state of the economy .
So what 's a Steele to do ?
Take a quick trip to the basement , I guess .
But while he 's been there , it looks like there will be more sparks flying his way after an GQ interview was just published in which his views on abortion were somewhat astray from strict conservative dogma .
Less than 24 hours after beating back rumors of a no-confidence vote in his leadership , Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele is on defense again over an interview he gave with GQ's Lisa DePaulo .
The piece , which hit last night , features Steele giving something less than an unequivocal endorsement of the pro-life stance that is at the center of what it means to be a Republican for many of the people who elected the former Maryland lieutenant governor as chairman in January .
He has n't faced the media or his own peeps yet over this interview , and that will likely upset the already very nervous RNCers who want him out already .
Others in the media do n't believe that Steele will be replaced just yet , but I 'm not too sure of that myself .
Either way , it will be very interesting to see how Michael Steele performs after he comes out of the basement and faces the music again .
Breakdancing anyone ?
-- John Amato
To read John 's Crooks and Liars blog , go here .
Register over here for Twitter alerts on each new Ticket item .
Shaun Ellis , a Jets defensive end , was stopped by police in NJ last weekend and eventually charged with " possession of marijuana , driving without insurance and speeding after a highway traffic stop . "
Ellis was stopped because he , as the Daily Record reports , " allegedly approached a police car from behind at high speed on Route 287 south , pulled even and briefly slowed down , then passed the police car and exited onto Route 24 . "
When the cop pulled him over , Ellis was " uncooperative " and eventually some pot was found in the car .
Ellis , who is expected to play on Sunday , issued a statement , " I apologize to my family , the fans and the organization .
As a captain , I set a poor example for my teammates as well as all NFL players .
Although this is a pending legal matter , I understand that I have to be responsible for my actions . "
Well , it 's not shooting yourself in the leg , is it ?
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Cancer was once assumed to be a death sentence because the disease was often incurable , but a new survey suggests the crisis for many today is paying for available treatments .
High cost - sharing , caps on insurance benefits and policy limitations raise treament costs for people with insurance .
" It is a big surprise that 20 percent of people with health insurance can't afford to have the cancer therapy they need to save their lives , " said John Seffrin of the American Cancer Society .
The survey , jointly conducted by ACS and the Kaiser Family Foundation , includes 20 profiles of cancer patients and their struggles to find affordable medical coverage .
The report was presented at a news conference Thursday , the same day U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg had surgery for pancreatic cancer in New York .
Ten - year - old Taylor Wilhite 's leukemia means cancer in her bones and blood .
The cost of treatment and medicine since last March is now approaching the lifetime limit of $ 1 million from her father 's family health insurance plan .
Fifty - eight - year - old Jamie Drzewicki is in remission from breast cancer after treatment and surgery .
But she 's unable to pay endless bills left over when her $ 100,000 insurance policy ran out .
She said the stress from that debt could kill her if she let it .
" I can't go on with the fear that I 'm gonna get cancer again , and have this stress every day , and I have to let it go , and try to pay what I can , " she said .
Seffrin , who has led the American Cancer Society for 17 years , said it is troubling that money , not medical science , may keep the disease a top concern for society .
" We can now begin to talk about eliminating cancer as a major public health problem in the United States early in this new century .
If we can pay for it , " he said .
The survey , based in part on requests for financial assistance received by the American Cancer Society , found several consistent factors facing those who otherwise had medical insurance .
They include high cost - sharing , where the cancer patient is responsible for some of the expense ; caps on insurance benefits that are far lower than what today 's cancer treatments can cost ; and limitations on policies when an employee becomes too sick to work .
The report did not make recommendations , but Seffrin said the study of cancer patients should underscore the need for health care reform .
All About Kaiser Foundation • American Cancer Society • Cancer
I get some unhealthy enjoyment from creating comics about people walking in on their significant others .
I ’d say I need help , but as I already said I am enjoying it .
Before I get back to the comic , I wanted to mention that I am doing the very first Dueling Analogs auction .
What is the auction for ?
To help me get some money for Christmas .
What am I auctioning ?
Ten [ 10 ] pages of the original sketches used to create eight [ 8 ] different comics … this also includes the original artwork for Bukkake man .
As well as high resolution prints of all the comics the sketches were used to create .
And everything is signed .
The auction is running from now until Saturday December 6th at 4 AM EST .
If you ’ve ever wanted to get a real piece of Dueling Analogs memorabilia , now is your chance .
I has this idea for a comic for months now , but wanted to hold off until there was a decent enough buffer between today ’s comic and this .
Originally , when I was creating this comic the systems were a little more cartoonish and I has original artwork for the display screen .
But , since all the console comics have always had a near realistic feel to the systems , I opted to make the characters more realistic .
I also used original screen captures from Doki Doki Majo Shinpan 2 .
But I modified them to remove the original dialog that appeared on the screens .
I wanted the first three panels to give the feeling that the character was talking and not the DS .
Lastly , we ’ve been a little backed up at BigBoomBomb.com recently .
But all is squared away now and the last of the orders that need to be shipped will be shipped this week no later than Wednesday .
I also might have to run a new pre-order to restock the Cloud Lied , Aerith Died shirts for anyone who is interested .
And do n’t forget that the outer circle is still updating as well every Monday , Wednesday and Friday .
Later !
Fed to Buy Treasurys is Not a Good Sign
Stephen Roach , chairman for Asia at Morgan Stanley does not view the Fed 's plan to buy $ 300 billion worth of long - dated government debt as a constructive sign for prospects going forward .
Fed 's Move Unlikely to Help Economy
The Fed pumping money into Treasurys wo n't help , says Martin Weiss , president of Weiss Research .
He also discusses what can be done to turn the US economy around .
The US Stuck in Zero -Rate Mode ?
America is arrogant to deny their similarity to Japan 's economy , says Stephen Roach , chairman for Asia at Morgan Stanley .
He tells CNBC that the US economy is in a " zero - interest rate " mode , like Japan .
Quantitative Easing & the Fed's Balance Sheet
Thomas Lam , vice president and senior treasury economist at UOB , says the Fed 's latest moves such as to buy long - dated Treasurys will stretch its balance sheet and pump more liquidity into economy .
The Fed 's Recent Moves are Right
" This decision to purchase long - term assets , mortgages , long - term treasury securities , is the right thing to do .
The Fed would clearly rather err on the side of inflation rather then depression , " said Dennis Gartman from the Gartman Letter .
He also touches on the housing market in the US as well as the TALF .
Tackling US Economy
Housing problems need to be tackled before the U.S. economy can pick up , according to Adam Carr , senior economist at ICAP .
2010 : ' Real Peak of the Crisis '
" We are going to see real problems in 2010 when the Fed and all the other governments which issued stimulus packages are going to try to reabsorb some of that liquidity , " Nicu Harajchi , CEO & Founder of N1 Asset Management , said Thursday .
He considers whether the Fed 's latest move will work .
Fed 's Actions Bode Well for Asia
The Fed 's bold moves to support the U.S. economy is good news for Asia , believes Yuwa Hedrick - Wong , economic advisor at MasterCard Worldwide .
Redirecting China 's Foreign Investments
China is unlikely to unload their dollar - denominated reserve as such a move will only hurt themselves at this point , says Yuwa Hedrick - Wong , economic advisor at MasterCard Worldwide .
He tells CNBC how its foreign investment strategy may change .
Liberal Democrat spokesman Lord Oakeshott used parliamentary privilege today to blow a hole in a gag order obtained by Barclays Bank over its tax avoidance scheme .
The documents detailing the schemes , previously leaked to the Lib - Dems , were now available on Wikileaks.org and other websites , he told a Lords debate on tax avoidance .
Barclays had previously obtained a high court injunction banning the Guardian and other papers from disclosing that the documents were publicly available on Wikileaks.org .
The gag order , provided by Mr Justice Blake , also forced the Guardian to remove copies of the documents from the paper 's own website .
Oakeshott said he believed it was his duty " to tell parliament about Barclays ' tax avoidance machine with its aggressive exploitation of tax havens , and to tell the public where they can get chapter and verse , and judge for themselves . "
He added : " It 's a sad day for democracy if a judge sitting in secret can stifle this essential public debate . "
The documents leaked to the Lib - Dems " appear to detail systematic tax avoidance on a grand scale by Barclays " , he said .
They had become front page news as a result " and those documents are widely available on the internet from sites such as Twitter , Wikileaks.org , docstoc.com and gabbr.com " .
During the debate , the Treasury minister Lord Myners said he welcomed the steps taken by Barclays ' rival , the state - supported RBS , to close down its similar tax avoidance department .
He called for co-ordinated international co-operation and a banking code of practice , which the Treasury was now drafting , to make banks follow the spirit of the law and the intentions of parliament .
Tax avoidance , he said , " does become a moral issue " .
If driving in Italy was not already exasperating enough , what was hailed as the introduction of the world 's first smart traffic lights has , in fact , made life even more miserable for more than million of the nation 's drivers .
Pioneering technology that could automatically detect motorists who jumped red lights and committed other violations , including speeding and illegal turns , was rigged , it is claimed , to trap the innocent and in the process rake in fines of € 150 ( £ 130 ) a time .
Stefano Arrighetti , 45 , an engineering graduate from Genoa , who created the " T - Redspeed " system is under house arrest , and 108 other people are under investigation after it was alleged that his intelligent lights were programmed to turn from amber to red in half the regulation time .
The technology , which was adopted all over Italy , employs three cameras designed to assess the three - dimensional placement of vehicles passing a red light and store their number plates on a connected computer system .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It is said more than one million Italian drivers were unjustly snared on red and landed with flat fines after the lights did not stay on amber for the regulation five or six seconds .
An idea of the extent of the scam can be gauged from the list of those the police have put under investigation .
They include 63 municipal police commanders and 39 local government officials as well as the managers of seven private companies .
Prosecutors in Verona maintain that Mr Arrighetti committed fraud when he supplied his devices to public administrations around Italy because he declared that they had been ratified by the Ministry of Transport .
In fact , while the cameras had been ratified , the computer hardware that registered offences had not been .
Mr Arrighetti was not answering his phone yesterday , and in fact has never given an interview but his lawyer , Rosario Minniti , maintained that he was blameless in the affair .
" Arrighetti is a genius whom the whole world envies , " he boasted .
" And he does not deserve these accusations ...
They are accusing him of fraud in the supply of goods to public entities but he never had any connection to the local administrations . "
He insisted there was no need for the system 's hardware to be ratified .
During the two years it was in use , the T - Redspeed system became loathed by motorists and adored by local governments , which raked in hugely increased revenues from the fines .
A report from the police in Milan claims that 300 municipalities and a handful of private companies took a share of the bounty .
The fraud was uncovered by Roberto Franzini , police chief of Lerici , on the Ligurian coast , who – in February 2007 – noticed the abnormal number of fines being issued for jumping red lights .
" There were 1,439 for the previous two months , " he said .
" It seemed too much : at the most our patrols catch 15 per day . "
He went to check the lights and found that they were changing to red after three seconds instead of the five seconds that had been normal .
Now towns and cities across Italy face the nightmare of processing hundreds of thousands of claims for reimbursement from drivers who say they were victims of the scam .
Commander Franzini said : " Safety controls cannot be transformed into a form of taxation . "
During the 20th century , a so - called “ trial of the century ” occurred every few years , fueled by media sensationalism and a public thirst for juicy gossip , celebrity lifestyles or good old - fashioned revenge .
Here are 20 trials that have , at one time or another , been deemed the indisputable “ trial of the ( 20th ) century . ”
Harry Kendall Thaw ( 1906 )
Harry Kendall
Thaw was the wealthy son of a Pittsburgh industrialist who had a history of mental illness and a fondness for Broadway showgirls .
Both came to a violent head on June 25 , 1906 , when Thaw shot and killed architect Stanford White while attending a play at Madison Square Garden .
White was a longtime rival for showgirls ’ affections who had slept with Thaw ’s wife , popular model Evelyn Nesbit , before they were married .
The high profile of the crime and of the individuals involved led to a media frenzy .
The first trial was deadlocked , and the second — during whichNesbit testified ( falsely and in exchange for money from Thaw ’s mother ) that White had raped and abused her — ended by finding Thaw not guilty by reason of insanity .
In 1913 , he was released from an asylum but would spend the rest of his life in and out of mental institutions .
“ Big Bill ” Haywood ( 1907 )
William “ Big Bill ” Haywood was a prominent Socialist labor union organizer who went on trial in Boise , Idaho for hiring a man to kill a former Idaho governor who had crushed a miner ’s strike years earlier .
The case divided the nation .
Thousands of union members and socialists marched in support of Haywood , while President Theodore Roosevelt denounced him and his supporters as “ undesirable citizens . ”
Famed defense attorney Clarence Darrow argued on Haywood ’s behalf , and since the only evidence against Haywood was the testimony of the killer , Harry Orchard — whose history of crime made him a suspect witness — Big Bill was acquitted .
Ten years later , he would be found guilty on a separate charge of espionage .
He skipped bail and fled to the Soviet Union , where he spent the rest of his life .
Sacco and Vanzetti ( 1920 - 21 )
Ferdinando Nicola Sacco and Bartolomeo Vanzetti were Italian immigrants and anarchists who were accused of the armed robbery and murder of two men in 1920 .
Rampant prejudice against both immigrants and anarchists made the case international news and led to the defendants ’ speedy conviction , despite irregularities in the case against them and the possibility of evidence tampering .
There was sizable opposition to the convictions from those who recognized the prejudicial atmosphere , but after requests for a new trial were denied , Sacco and Vanzetti were put to death in the electric chair in 1927 .
Chicago Black Sox ( 1921 )
In 1921 , eight members of the Chicago White Sox baseball team were tried for intentionally losing the 1919 World Series in exchange for money .
The defendants included two of the team ’s best players , “ Shoeless ” Joe Jackson and George “ Buck ” Weaver , both of whom denied throwing the games ( although Jackson confessed to receiving some cash ) .
While the others admitted to taking money , the defense argued that just because the players took the cash did n’t mean that they threw the games .
Partly due to semantics that differentiated “ throwing games ” and “ defrauding the public ” ( the crime that they were tried for ) , the jury found all eight players not guilty .
Regardless of the verdict , the Commissioner of Baseball banned all eight members of the so - called “ BlackSox ” scandal the next day , claiming that baseball needed to clean up its image .
None of the eight ever played in the Major Leagues again .
Fatty Arbuckle ( 1921 )
Roscoe “ Fatty ” Arbuckle was one of the biggest silent film stars in early American cinema when he was arrested in 1921 , accused of raping and accidentally killing a young woman he ’d invited to a party .
The woman died of a ruptured bladder three days after the party , and when her friend told police that Arbuckle had raped her , they concluded that his weight had caused the injury .
Arbuckle denied wrongdoing and after two hung juries , he was found not guilty in a third trial when much of the evidence and testimony against him proved to be either circumstantial or coerced .
Still , the damage to his reputation from the accusations — and from rumors and exaggerations of what occurred — caused irreparable damage to his career .
He did n’t make another film for 10 years , and just when he began a comeback in 1933 , he passed away from a heart attack .
Leopold and Loeb ( 1924 )
Nathan Leopold , Jr. and Richard Loeb were elitist college students who decided in 1924 to commit the “ perfect crime . ”
They kidnapped and murdered a 14 - year - old boy but were caught after Leopold ’s glasses were found near the crime scene .
The senselessness of the crime and the well - to - do nature of the defendants led to high - profile media coverage .
Legendary lawyer Clarence Darrow defended the men , arguing that they should n’t be sentenced to death because they took the concept of Nietzschean “ supermen ” that they were taught in college too seriously , applying it to themselves .
Darrow succeeded in sparing them the death penalty , but both were sentenced to life in prison , where Loeb was eventually killed .
Leopold was released after 33 years in jail , at the age of 53 .
Scopes “ Monkey Trial ” ( 1925 )
Clarence Darrow again took center stage in a “ trial of the century ” while defending John Scopes , a Tennessee high school teacher who was arrested for teaching the theory of evolution in violation of the state ’s recently - passed Butler Act .
The act forbade the teaching of evolution in a state - funded school , and the trial , immortalized in the play and subsequent film Inherit the Wind , pitted Darrow against former Secretary of State William Jennings Bryan .
In the end , Scopes was found guilty and ordered to pay a $ 100 fine .
It was n’t until 1967 that the Butler Act was repealed , and the following year , the US Supreme Court ruled that such statutes were unconstitutional .
Gloria Vanderbilt ( 1934 )
Gloria Vanderbilt was the young heiress to a multimillion - dollar family fortune when , in 1934 , at the age of 10 , she was caught in a custody battle between her mother and her deceased father ’s sister .
Her Aunt Gertrude alleged that Gloria ’s mother , also named Gloria , lived a lifestyle of extravagant spending and perverse sexual exploits that would prove detrimental to the young heiress .
The scandalous testimony from the mother ’s servants , including charges of homosexual behavior , made headlines .
The judge agreed with the aunt , awarding her custody and allowing the elder Gloria Vanderbilt visitation on weekends and for a month each summer .
Lindbergh Kidnapping ( 1935 )
In 1932 , the kidnapping and eventual murder of 20 - month - old Charles Lindbergh Jr. , the son of the famous aviator , shocked America and the rest of the world .
Following two years of investigation , German immigrant Bruno Hauptmann was arrested for the crime after being found with a portion of the ransom money and wood that matched that used in a homemade ladder found at crime scene .
Although he claimed that the money was left by a friend of his , Hauptmann , due in part to a high degree of public pressure ( he was deemed “ The Most Hated Man In The World ” at the time ) , was convicted and put to death in 1937 .
However , doubts over his guilt remain to this day .
Scottsboro Boys ( 1931 - 37 )
The so - called Scottsboro Boys were a group of nine young black men and boys , aged 12 to 19 , who were accused in 1931 of raping two young white women , 21 - year - old Victoria Price and 17 - year - old Ruby Bates , on a train traveling through rural Alabama .
The accusers were known prostitutes , and Price , the more vocal of the two , most likely made the charges to deflect attention from her illegal effort to transport a minor ( Bates ) across state lines for “ immoral purposes . ”
The initial trial took place in Scottsboro , Alabama in 1931 under the pressure of an angry mob outside the courthouse and within the context of a segregationist South that had a history of mob violence against black men accused of assaulting white women .
The trials were sped along by a biased judge and were ruled on by an all - white jury , while the defendants ’ attorneys were inexperienced and unprepared .
Despite a sizable amount of evidence refuting the two women ’s story , eight of the nine defendants receiving death penalties .
The trial of the ninth , 12 - year - old Roy Wright , ended in a hung jury when they could n’t agree whether he was too young for the death penalty .
Outrage over the unfair trials poured in from groups like the NAACP , the ACLU and the American Communist Party .
In 1932 , the US Supreme Court ruled that the defendants were denied their right to counsel , and they were ordered to be retried , this time in Decatur , Alabama .
Again , despite considerable evidence proving their innocence — including Bates recanting her story and testifying that the two women were not attacked — the juries returned guilty convictions and death sentences .
The Supreme Court once again rejected the verdicts , this time on the grounds that black citizens in Alabama were systematically denied the right to take part in juries .
During the third round of trials ( 1936 - 37 ) , one black man appeared on the jury , but since only a two - thirds vote was necessary for conviction , he did not sway the verdicts from once again coming up guilty .
However , this time , only five of the nine were found guilty , and none were sentenced to death .
Although they were sentenced to life in prison , the men were all released on parole by the end of the 1940s , having served over a decade in prison for crimes they likely did not commit .
Nuremberg Trials ( 1945 -1949 )
The Nuremberg trials were a series of trials of the German Nazi leadership that took place after the end of World War II in Nuremberg , Germany .
The most high - profile of the trials occurred in the initial stage , running from 1945 to 1946 , which targeted top Nazi officials for their participation in war crimes .
A panel of judges from the United States , Great Britain , France and the Soviet Union submitted their rulings : of the 22 men tried , 12 were sentenced to death , three received life imprisonments , four received sentences of 10 to 20 years and three were acquitted .
Twleve more sets of trials off lesser Nazi military , political , medical and economic officials took place between 1946 and 1949 .
The Rosenbergs ( 1951 )
Husband and wife Ethel and Julius Rosenberg were American Communists who were the first US civilians ever sentenced to death for espionage .
Julius was an engineer for both the US Army Signal Corps and the Emerson Radio Corporation and was accused of using his positions to transfer military and technology secrets to the Soviet Union .
Ethel ’s involvement was reportedly restricted to typing secret communications and recruiting fellow spies .
One recruit that the Rosenbergs drew in was Ethel ’s brother , David Greenglass , who supposedly passed along nuclear secrets to the Soviets through Julius .
While the overriding public opinion was that the couple was guilty , protests of anti-Communist sentiment and anti-Semitism raised some doubts and raised public awareness of the trial .
Guilty or not — and in hindsight , it appears that Julius at least did pass along information to the Soviets — the harsh sentence of death drew protests around the world .
Nonetheless , the couple was executed in June 1953 .
Sam Sheppard ( 1954 , 1966 )
Sam Sheppard was a successful doctor who was accused of the 1954 murder of his pregnant wife , Marilyn .
His story of being knocked unconscious by a murderer described only as “ bushy haired ” raised doubts over his innocence , and many news outlets proclaimed his guilt .
In this hostile atmosphere , he was found guilty in 1954 and sentenced to life in prison .
After more than a decade in jail , however , the US Supreme Court ruled that Sheppard was denied due process as a result of the bias expressed by both the media and the judge ruling on the case .
He was retried in 1966 and acquitted .
Sheppard ’s case launched the career of famed defense attorney F. Lee Bailey and is believed to have inspired the television show and movie The Fugitive .
The Chicago Seven ( 1969 - 70 )
The “ Chicago Seven ” were seven social activists who were charged with conspiracy and inciting a riot at the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago .
They included Abbie Hoffman , Jerry Rubin , Tom Hayden , David Dellinger , Rennie Davis , John Froines and Lee Weiner .
( An eighth , Black Panther co-founder Bobby Seale , was dropped from the case after being sentenced to four years in jail for contempt of court . )
The defendants had organized mass protests of the Vietnam War that ended up in a series of violent clashes with police , much of which aired live on television for the nation to see .
The trial captured the social and political turmoil of the era , fueled by war , the assassinations of Martin Luther King and Robert Kennedy ( both of which occurred earlier in 1968 ) and the Civil Rights movement .
In February 1970 , all seven were convicted of inciting a riot and sentenced to five years in prison , but their convictions were overturned in 1972 on appeal because the judge had refused to allow defense attorneys to screen prospective jurors for cultural and racial bias .
The Justice Department decided not to retry the case .
Charles Manson ( 1970 - 71 )
Charles Manson was the leader of a small Los Angeles - area cult known as the Manson Family , whom he instructed in 1969 to commit several murders in preparation for what he believed would be an impending race war .
The most notable victim was actress Sharon Tate , wife of movie director Roman Polanski , who was almost nine months pregnant at the time of her death .
The initial trial was rife with theatrics on the part of the four defendants ( including Manson ) , who would carve X’s in their foreheads , shave their hair and routinely explode in vocal outbursts .
At one point , Manson attempted to attack the judge .
Meanwhile , his co-defendants tried to remove the blame from Manson by claiming that the real mastermind was an ex-Family member who had testified against them .
Outside the courtroom , witnesses were intimidated and injured by Family members , and one of the defense lawyers disappeared and was later found dead .
Finally , in January 1971 , Manson and his co-defendants were found guilty on all counts and sentenced to death .
When California outlawed the death penalty in 1972 , however , their sentences were reduced to life in prison .
Patty Hearst ( 1976 )
Patty Hearst was a wealthy newspaper heiress who was kidnapped in February 1974 by the extremist group the Symbionese Liberation Army .
By April , she had issued a statement announcing that she had joined the SLA .
Shortly thereafter , she participated in a bank robbery with other members of the group , the image of her holding an automatic rifle plastered on TV news reports across the country .
She was arrested for the crime in 1975 , and although her defense , conducted by F. Lee Bailey , claimed that she was brainwashed by the SLA , she was found guilty and sentenced to 35 years in prison .
Her sentence was commuted by President Jimmy Carter , however , and she ended up serving less than two years in jail .
She was officially pardoned by President Bill Clinton in 2001 .
John Hinckley , Jr. ( 1982 )
John Hinckley , Jr. was tried in 1982 for his attempted assassination of President Ronald Reagan on March 30 , 1981 .
The defense portrayed Hinckley as a troubled man who , upon seeing the 1976 movie Taxi Driver , developed an unhealthy obsession with actress Jodie Foster and believed that by killing the President , he would impress her .
( He reportedly had originally targeted Jimmy Carter but settled on Reagan just two months into his term as President . )
As such , they argued that Hinckley was not guilty by reason of insanity and even brought in Foster in to testify about the bizarre letters and phone calls she ’d received from him .
The prosecution ’s experts meanwhile declared Hinckley sane , but the jury agreed with the defense , and he was committed to a psychiatric hospital , where he remains to this day .
Rodney King Officers ( 1992 )
In 1992 , four Los Angeles police officers were tried for excessive force and assault with a deadly weapon in the arrest of Rodney King .
The incident made national headlines when a videotape of the arrest — in which the officers beat King with their batons at least 56 times — was splashed across TV screens .
Race quickly became an issue in the case , as the policemen were white , and King was black .
When the trial was moved from Los Angeles to the largely white Simi Valley for fear that the pervasive media coverage might have tampered the jury pool , doubts arose as to the new jury ’s makeup , which included no African Americans .
Defense attorneys further fanned the racial flames by asserting that some of the officers had a racial bias against black people .
Nonetheless , the four officers were acquitted on charges of assault with a deadly weapon .
The jury deadlocked on the charge of excessive force for one officer , Laurence Powell .
Outrage over the verdict sparked the 1992 L.A. riots , which caused a billion dollars in damage to the city .
The four officers were later indicted on federal charges for violating Rodney King ’s civil rights .
Two , Powell and Stacey Koon , were convicted and sentenced to 30 months in prison .
O. J. Simpson ( 1995 )
Former football star O.J. Simpson was tried for the 1994 murders of his ex-wife , Nicole Brown , and her new boyfriend , Ronald Goldman .
The deaths made news because of Simpson ’s stature as a pro athlete and because he led police on a low - speed chase for 50 miles through the Los Angeles area as an estimated 95 million people watched on television .
The highly publicized trial made national news daily as every piece of evidence , every person testifying and every lawyer was held under extreme scrutiny .
Simpson ’s high - priced defense lawyers , dubbed “ the Dream Team , ” deflected much of the evidence against him by claiming that the DNA evidence was tainted , by discrediting investigative officer Mark Fuhrman over his racist beliefs and perhaps most famously , by showing that a glove found at the crime scene did not fit on Simpson ’s hand .
“ If it does n’t fit , ” attorney Johnnie Cochran explained , “ you must acquit . ”
The Fuhrman testimony and residual resentment over the Rodney King verdict led to an atmosphere of heightened racial tension surrounding the case .
In the end , Simpson was acquitted , although several jury members stated that the decision was due more to the prosecution ’s mishandling of the case than to Simpson ’s innocence .
In 1997 , Simpson was found guilty in a wrongful death civil lawsuit in the Brown / Goldman case and ordered to pay $ 33.5 million .
Bill Clinton Impeachment ( 1999 )
The impeachment trial of Bill Clinton was only the second such trial of a standing President in United States history .
Clinton was accused of lying in a sworn deposition about the nature of his relationship with White House intern Monica Lewinsky , with whom he ’d had a brief extramarital affair .
The House of Representatives indicted Clinton on December 19 , 1998 , on charges of perjury to a grand jury and obstruction of justice .
It was then up to the Senate to conduct the trial , which began in January 1999 .
The case helped make unwilling celebrities of Lewinsky , informant Linda Tripp and lawyer Kenneth Starr , whose investigations opened the door for the impeachment .
Ultimately , while a two - thirds majority of the Senate ( 67 votes ) was necessary to remove Clinton from office , only 45 Senators voted guilty on the perjury charge and only 50 on the obstruction of justice charge .
About 90,000 sex offenders have been identified and removed from the social networking website MySpace , company and law enforcement officials said today .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The number was nearly double what MySpace officials originally estimated last year , said North Carolina Attorney General Roy Cooper , who along with Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal has led efforts to make social networking websites safer for young users .
Cooper said he was n't surprised by the updated numbers , and demanded that MySpace and rival online networking site Facebook - which claim to have more than 170 million users combined - do more to protect children and teenagers .
" These sites were created for young people to communicate with each other .
Predators are going to troll in these areas where they know children are going to be , " Cooper said .
" That 's why these social networking sites have the responsibility to make their sites safe for children . "
The attorneys general received agreements last year from MySpace and Facebook to push toward making their sites safer .
Both sites implemented dozens of safeguards , including finding better ways to verify users ' ages , banning convicted sex offenders from using the sites and limiting the ability of older users to search members under 18 .
Blumenthal , who received MySpace 's updated numbers through a subpoena , said the information " provides compelling proof that social networking sites remain rife with sexual predators . "
A preliminary number of sex offenders found on Facebook was " substantial , " but he said the company has yet to respond to a recent subpoena .
MySpace executives said they were confident in the technology they use to find , remove and block registered sex offenders .
The company uses Sentinel SAFE , a database it created in 2006 with the names , physical descriptions and other identifiable characteristics of sex offenders that cross-references against MySpace members .
" Sentinel SAFE is the best industry solution to ensure these offenders are removed from social networks , " Hemanshu Nigam , the company 's chief security officer , said in a statement .
MySpace , which is owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. , has more than 110 million active users worldwide .
A spokesman for Facebook , which claims more than 61 million active users , said Tuesday that protecting its users has always been a priority .
" We have a policy prohibiting registered sex offenders from joining Facebook , " said spokesman Barry Schnitt .
" We are glad to be able to report that we have not yet had to handle a case of a registered sex offender meeting a minor through Facebook .
We are working hard to make sure it never happens . "
Still , Cooper said more should be done .
" Technology moves forward quickly , and it 's important for these companies to stay ahead of the technology , " he said .
" And they 're not moving fast enough for us . "
The push for better restrictions came during a time when social - networking websites were seeing exponential growth , with most of it coming in the form of younger users .
But along with the younger members came sexual predators who would lie about their age to lure young victims .
Blumenthal and Cooper , who co-chair the State Attorney General Task Force on Social Networking , have led the charge for tougher restrictions to be placed on who joins online social - networking sites .
The Internet Safety Technical Task Force report , commissioned by the attorneys general in 2008 , researched ways to help squash the onslaught of sexual predators targeting younger social - networking clients .
Enhancing Child Safety & Online Technologies , a report by the internet Safety Technical Task Force submitted to attorneys general in December , pointed out there was no sure - fire way to guarantee online child safety .
" Our law enforcement officers investigating these cases tell us that predators are soliciting children on the internet and in social networking sites , " Cooper said .
" We 're working to provide more law enforcement to protect our kids , but social networking sites and technology companies must do their part as well . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States will not attend a U.N. conference on racism that critics say will be a forum to bash Israel and will no longer take part in preparatory sessions for it , a U.S. official said on Friday .
“ We will not attend , ” the official said of the World Conference on Racism set for April in Geneva , Switzerland .
The decision to end U.S. involvement comes one day before Secretary of State Hillary Clinton leaves on her first trip to the Middle East in her new job , including stops in Israel , and removes a likely source of friction during the visit .
A U.S. delegation took part in negotiations this month with 30 other countries to try to win changes in the conference ’s final document , but said at the time the United States would not necessarily attend the conference .
The U.S. team has now decided the draft document is “ not salvageable ” and would not be in line with U.S. policy , another official said .
Critics of the April conference say Arab nations plan to use it to slam Israel .
They also have focused on sections they say would limit freedom of religion and speech .
The United States and Israel walked out of the first U.N. conference on racism in Durban , South Africa , in 2001 , days before the September 11 attacks , to protest efforts to pass a resolution comparing Zionism to racism .
Israel has called for a boycott of the April conference , and Canada also has said it will not attend .
The decision to bow out of the process drew praise from some U.S. politicians and Jewish groups .
“ It became clear through the preliminary negotiations that the focus of the conference will not change and the goals would not be met , ” said Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York .
The Anti-Defamation League said the Durban conference had become too politicized .
“ The Durban Review Conference has itself been tainted by the very bigotry and vitriol that it was meant to counter , ” Abraham Foxman , national director , and Glen Lewy , national chairman , said in a joint statement .
The decision to take part in talks on the draft document reversed the stance of the Bush administration , which had refused to take part in the planning and voted in the U.N. General Assembly last year to protest against the conference .
U.S. officials said attending the planning sessions was in line with President Barack Obama ’s promise of a more engaged diplomatic approach and more cooperation with the United Nations .
BERLIN  NATO ’s senior military commander has proposed that the alliance ’s soldiers in Afghanistan shoot drug traffickers without waiting for proof of their involvement with the Taliban insurgency , according to a report in the online edition of Der Spiegel magazine .
The commander , Gen. John Craddock of the United States , floated the idea in a confidential letter on Jan. 5 to Gen. Egon Ramms , a German officer who heads the NATO command center responsible for Afghanistan , Spiegel Online reported Thursday .
General Craddock wrote that “ it was no longer necessary to produce intelligence or other evidence that each particular drug trafficker or narcotics facility in Afghanistan meets the criteria of being a military objective , ” the news magazine reported .
A NATO official , speaking on condition of anonymity , confirmed the wording of the letter , and several NATO officials said publicly on Friday that no such orders had ever been given to NATO troops .
Still , the proposal was widely criticized , with politicians here saying that it would flout international law and alter NATO ’s mission in Afghanistan .
Such an order , they said , would signal a major shift in how the alliance intended to deal with the Afghan insurgency , along with the opium trade that finances the Taliban and other militant groups .
Cristian Vlasceanu is working on porting the D compiler to the .NET platform .
For our readers who have n’t heard of D , how would you describe it ?
D is a multi-paradigm language : it has object orientation support , it allows functional and template meta programming and even includes untamed features such as a goto keyword and inline assembly .
I heard Walter Bright ( the father of D ) describing it as a language invented by a compiler implementer ( not a language designer ) .
That may be true , and indeed some of the most successful software projects came out of their authors ' need to scratch an itch .
However , Walter ' s description may undersell D , because he definitely designed it with users in mind and not just with what syntax would make parsing easier to implement .
In many ways D encourages the " right " behavior .
For example , in C and C++ , if you write " int i ; " the variable is uninitialized .
To do the " right thing " , the programmer needs to type extra keystrokes as in " int i = 0 ; " but D works the other way around : " int i ; " safely sets the variable to a default value ( that in this case is zero ) .
To make it uninitialized you have to spend extra effort and type " int i = void ; " expressing that the uninitialized variable is intentional and not due to laziness .
Why did you originally decide to start writing a D compiler ?
This project is only about writing the back - end part of the compiler .
The front - end is based on Walter ' s compiler , which he made available as open source .
I am trying not to change the front - end if I can help it .
I had the opportunity to work with interpreter front - ends in my career , but had limited experience with code generators .
And because I do most of my work in C++ , I did not get much exposure to .NET ( and C# ) until recently .
A .NET code generator project is an excellent learning opportunity in both directions .
That 's one reason .
Another reason is that a compiler implementation for .NET ( even if only a prototype ) brings a great and mature computing framework to the D community ; it opens the road for painless inter-operation with other languages supported on .
NET .
I have some ( anecdotal ) evidence that part of the D community swears by native code as far as performance is concerned ; without a compiler implementation the alleged advantages of native code cannot be proved nor disproved .
Would you consider this to be a research project or are you aiming for production use ?
It is a research project .
I do not know what kind of reception to expect from the D community ( I plan to release the code within a few weeks and find out ) .
I also do not know how much time I will be able to devote to this after - hours project .
I hope the project will grow over time to the point of being of production - use quality .
But for now it is in the trail blazing phase .
On your blog , Programming and Debugging ( in my Underhøøsen ) , you talk about a lot of the compatibility issues you ’ve had building the compiler .
Which compatibility issue do you see as being the most interesting or difficult ?
By far , array slices are a proverbial pain the proverbial you - know - what .
D has this feature where if you have an array of ( say ) integers " x " , and you write " int [ ] y = x [ 2..5 ] ; " it means that " y " is a " view " into " x " , starting with element at index two and ending at ( but not including ) the fifth element .
So " y " is a sort of a light - weight object , rather than a copy of a range of elements .
In .NET there is a similar concept called an ArraySegment .
An ArraySegment ( which is a value type ) is a very distinct type from an array .
D does not really make distinction between arrays and slices .
If you have a function signature such as " foo( int [ ] ) " it will happily accept arrays and slices as its input .
I find it confusing for the programmer and very difficult to get right inside the compiler ' s code generator .
My current solution is inefficient because it involves a lot of hidden conversions from arrays to ArraySegments and vice versa .
I hope to convince Walter to change D 2.0 so that array slices get their own distinct type .
An array and a view into that array are distinct concepts and should be modeled as such .
But other than that , things are going smoothly because of the many similarities that I find between D and .NET ( and C# ) .
What features of D do you like to see implemented by the CLR and / or C# ?
D has a feature called " class invariants " : you can write a method with the reserved name " invariant " .
The compiler generates the code to call this method after construction , before and after public methods , and before destruction .
The body of the method is typically made of a bunch of assert statements , but you can put whatever sanity - checking code in there .
It is very , very useful for debugging .
I would not mind seeing something similar in C# .
But then again , I am mostly a C++ guy .
That sounds a lot like the Object Invariants feature of Code Contracts .
Yes , it is the same principle , but with a few differences ( if I read the documentation right ) .
D does not require reflection nor external tools ( such as the ccrewrite utility ) , contract programming is a " first citizen " language paradigm .
Maybe I am not fully appreciating the versatilty of the contracts library , but it looks intimidatingly complex .
I find D's way leaner and easier to understand .
Now that you 've had a chance to work on this for a while , do you still like the CLR as a platform for compiler development ?
The more I learn about it , the more I get to appreciate the CLR .
I find it convenient to focus on language features rather than on the gruesome details of vtable layout , or stack unwinding ( for example ) .
Do you have any interest in the Dynamic Language Runtime , either in general or for D ?
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama pounded Republicans Saturday for policies that fueled the U.S. economic crisis , while welcoming a Senate deal on his stimulus bill that ideologically split lawmakers hope to finish by mid-month .
President Barack Obama speaks at the announcement of the members of the President 's Economic Recovery Advisory Board after signing an Executive Order establishing the Board in the East Room at the White House in Washington , February 6 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jim Young
Obama said quick action on the package was imperative to avoid catastrophe and praised the group of moderate senators from both political parties for coming up with a compromise .
Senate Democrats agreed late Friday to trim spending proposals and support tax cuts in a roughly $ 800 billion bill .
They rolled back an earlier $ 937 billion proposal by culling what critics , mostly Republicans , called billions of dollars in unwarranted spending .
Nancy Pelosi , speaker of the House of Representatives , predicted there would be a finished product by February 16 .
A Senate vote is scheduled for Tuesday , one day after Obama gives his first full news conference as president .
“ Democrats and Republicans came together in the Senate and responded appropriately to the urgency this moment demands , ” Obama said in his weekly radio address .
“ In the midst of our greatest economic crisis since the Great Depression , the American people were hoping that Congress would begin to confront the great challenges we face .
That was , after all , what last November ’s election was all about . ”
LITTLE PATIENCE
Senators continued to spar over the price tag as they debated the package in a rare Saturday session .
Republican Senator Jeff Sessions said it would cost some $ 40 billion a year just to service the additional debt that resulted from the spending portions of the bill .
“ How big is $ 40 billion ?
That ’s the annual road budget , the annual highway budget for the United States of America .
That ’s a lot of money , ” Sessions said .
Senator Barbara Boxer , a Democrat , retorted that Republicans did not complain about debt from the Iraq war started by Obama ’s Republican predecessor , George W. Bush .
Pennsylvania Senator Arlen Specter predicted the bill would pass the Senate vote with his support and that of at least two other Republicans -- Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe of Maine .
“ If the federal government does not act , there will be very , very severe effects not only on Wall Street but on Main Street , ” he told a news conference in Philadelphia .
“ I believe that it ( the bill ) provides the essentials to do the job . ”
The new chairman of the Republican National Committee , Michael Steele , promoted tax cuts and accused Democrats of seeking to spend too much with the stimulus package .
“ Democrats have controlled both branches of government for less than a month , and you have to wonder if all that power has gone to their heads , ” Steele said in the Republican radio address , adding that families would be helped the most by keeping more money in their pockets .
Obama showed little patience for Republican arguments and continued his aggressive posture of recent days , which he has used to wield the political capital from his November 4 electoral victory over Republican John McCain .
“ We ca n’t expect relief from the tired old theories that , in eight short years , doubled the national debt , threw our economy into a tailspin , and led us into this mess in the first place , ” Obama said in his radio address .
HELP AND CONDITIONS FOR BANKS
Aside from the stimulus bill , Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner is expected to unveil steps Monday to help U.S. banks battered by the financial crisis with government insurance of bad assets , a plan to shift toxic securities off bank balance sheets and money to modify homeowner mortgages .
Estimates of the banking system ’s potential capital needs top $ 1 trillion , far above the $ 350 billion the government has left in the Troubled Asset Relief Program set up in October .
Geithner told lawmakers Saturday financial institutions that get government help will have to make loan modifications and meet other new standards , Democratic sources said .
But some experts cautioned that the new plan for banks will be difficult to get through Congress , tough to implement and may ultimately fail .
More evidence that the United States is in its worst economic crisis in more than 70 years came in Friday ’s report that nearly 600,000 jobs were lost in January .
Once the Senate passes the stimulus bill , differences with the version approved by the House will have to be ironed out .
Pelosi acknowledged potential resistance in the House to parts of the Senate bill , especially the scaling back of some expanded aid to states , but was confident of passage of the stimulus measures by mid-February .
Obama said the legislation deserved scrutiny but that speed trumped perfection .
“ The scale and scope of this plan is right , and the time for action is now , ” Obama said in the radio address .
“ If we do n’t move swiftly to put this plan in motion , our economic crisis could become a national catastrophe . ”
by : Mycatdiedofaids
my 70's porn couch | Uploaded about 12 years ago
Bookmark & Share
For generations , little marshmallow Peeps have been a staple of children 's Easter baskets across America .
Find out what goes into making the little guys .
Alaska Atty .
Gen. Talis Colberg , who defended Gov. Sarah Palin ’s administration in the “ Troopergate ” abuse - of - power investigation , resigned Tuesday in what he said was the “ best interest ” of the state .
The move came less than a week after an acrimonious showdown with the Legislature , which found the governor ’s husband and nine state employees , including several top administration aides , in contempt over their delay in responding to subpoenas in the investigation .
Colberg ’s resignation appeared to close a bruising chapter in Alaskan politics that began when Palin fired Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan in July .
The firing prompted the Legislature to investigate whether Monegan ’s dismissal was linked to his refusal to fire a state trooper who had been involved in a contentious divorce with the governor ’s sister .
The story erupted into a political firestorm with Palin ’s selection as the running mate of GOP presidential nominee John McCain , engulfing her administration , her family -- and the political supporter and former small - town lawyer she had appointed attorney general .
Advertisement
Several legislators said Colberg had acted improperly by advising Palin ’s husband , Todd , and administration aides that they were not necessarily required to comply with the subpoenas .
Officials in the governor ’s administration called the Legislature ’s inquiry a politically motivated attempt to discredit her .
They said they had submitted lawful objections before failing to testify , and later gave written answers to the investigator ’s questions .
State Sen. Hollis French , the Democratic chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee , said Colberg had reneged on an agreement by his deputy to make the witnesses available in person .
“ Fundamentally , we had a deal and he broke it , and that was unfortunate given that it simply escalated the situation , ” French said in a telephone interview .
Advertisement
The Republican chair of the House Judiciary Committee , Rep. Jay Ramras , said several lawyers and McCain - Palin campaign media advisors had played an inordinate role in the state government ’s response to the “ Troopergate ” inquiry .
“ We had the national media and all these out - of - state attorneys peeking through the state ’s bedroom window , and I think Talis Colberg was collateral damage , ” Ramras said .
“ Ultimately , though , he gave poor advice to his clients to ignore subpoenas . ”
Colberg , 50 , had been in private practice in the governor ’s hometown of Wasilla when Palin appointed him attorney general in December 2006 .
“ He went from running a one - man shop on worker ’s compensation to being responsible for 500 attorneys .
And he was doing OK in a really tough job , ” Ramras said .
“ But I think the rough - and - tumble of politics in an isolated capital in a small state just wore him out .
He ’s a very nice , thoughtful , really academic fellow . . . who got caught up in a swirl that was much larger than him . ”
Advertisement
Palin said she had accepted the resignation of Colberg , whom she praised as “ a highly intelligent , thoughtful and reserved scholar . ”
In an interview with the Anchorage Daily News , Palin blamed the resignation on the “ harsh political environment ” in Alaska .
“ You saw what he went through these last couple of weeks with speculation that a couple of the lawmakers wanted to continue to grill him , a couple of the lawmakers not believing , it seems , what he had to say , ” Palin said .
“ I just hope this political environment does n’t deter others who want to make a positive difference . ”
--
Advertisement
kim.murphy@latimes.com
This is the seventh article in the Mind Matters series on the neuroscience behind visual illusions .
It ’s Valentine ’s season , which means that everywhere you look there are heart - shaped balloons , pink greeting cards and candy boxes filled with chocolate .
But what is true love ?
Does it exist ?
Or is it simply a cognitive illusion , a trick of the mind ?
Let us count the ways .
Contrary to the anatomy referenced in all of our favorite love songs , love ( as with every other emotion we feel ) is not rooted in the heart , but in the brain .
( Unfortunately , Hallmark has no plans to mass - produce chocolate - covered arrow - pierced brains in the near future . )
By better understanding how the brain falls in love , we can learn about why the brain can get so obsessed with this powerful emotion .
In fact , some scientists even see love as a sort of addiction .
For instance , neuroscientist Thomas Insel and colleagues at Emory University in Atlanta discovered that monogamous pair bonding has its basis in the same brain reward circuits that are responsible for addiction to drugs such as cocaine and heroin .
Their study was conducted in the prairie vole , a small rodent that mates for life .
But the conclusions are probably true for humans , too , which may explain why it is so hard to break up a long - term romantic relationship .
Losing someone you love is like going through withdrawal .
This month ’s slide show features a number of visual illusions with a romantic motif .
We hope that you and your special one will enjoy them .
And remember , even if love is an illusion , that does n’t mean it ’s not meaningful and real ( to our brains , anyway ) .
Are you a scientist ?
Have you recently read a peer - reviewed paper that you want to write about ?
Then contact Mind Matters editor Jonah Lehrer , the science writer behind the blog The Frontal Cortex and the book Proust Was a Neuroscientist .
His latest book is How We Decide .
It was a protest that spawned a movement .
Fed up with moral policing by radical Hindu groups who had attacked women in pubs and targeted unmarried couples celebrating Valentine 's Day , a group of women decided to fight back – with pink knickers .
The result was a remarkably successful dirty dissent .
Not only did 40,000 items of rose - tinted underwear , much of it apparently unwashed , end up flooding the offices of the Sri Ram Sena ( Lord Ram 's Army ) , the non-violent act defused much of the tension surrounding the acts of vigilantism by self - appointed guardians of " Indian culture " .
Spearheading the new movement is " A Consortium of Pub - going , Loose and Forward Women " , a group of young female journalists , lawyers and academics , who began with a Facebook group protesting at the attacks on several young women last month in a pub in Mangalore , a university town in the southern state of Karnataka .
Yesterday it had nearly 50,000 members .
The debate comes at a time of tumultuous social change in India , where a new generation of Indian women are experiencing new freedoms such as dating and drinking while navigating ingrained conservative values about what is acceptable behaviour .
Two events gave the clash between liberal and conservative India a deadly and sinister air .
The first was the suicide this month by a 16 - year - old girl who had been publicly humiliated by Hindu groups for being on a bus with a Muslim boy .
The second was the threat by the Sri Ram Sena to forcibly marry unwed couples found together on Valentine 's Day .
" I think we saw physical assault and criminal conspiracy as a step too far , " said Mihira Sood , a 25 - year - old lawyer who was part of the " core group " of the consortium .
She said the reason that the pink chaddi – Hindi slang for knickers – was chosen was that it was an " irreverent " riposte to rightwingers who claimed they were saving " women from shame and dishonour " .
" We wanted something irreverent and the chaddi is something we all wear but no one is supposed to talk about in Indian culture .
It symbolised the hypocrisy of [ the Sena 's ] arguments , " she said .
Sood says the group may now launch a number of legal actions , and approach the country 's supreme court with a petition to strike out " outdated " obscenity laws which .
" Obscene acts " in public places – which are defined as causing annoyance to others – can be punished by three years in prison .
" A lot of these [ laws ] are used to harass women and they are so vaguely worded .
They have not be changed since the mid-19th century when the Brits ran India .
It is time they were struck out of the Indian penal code , " she said .
On the other side of the ideological divide , the Sri Ram Sena is licking its wounds .
Its " chief mentor " , Pramod Mutalik , was arrested on Valentine 's Day and government ministers publicly rebuked him for wanting to " Talibanise " the country .
However the Sri Ram Sena say they will not stop saving Indian culture .
" We say we use clinical violence which will have a healing effect on society , " said Vinay Singh , national secretary of the SRS .
" We welcome any legal challenges .
We say Valentine 's Day is just propaganda for the market .
We say pub culture is ruining our country .
Let them send us chaddis .
We will wear them . "
Social commentators say that what the country is seeing is the first of a series of confrontations between old and new cultures .
" The divide is generational .
Parents do not want to know their daughter drinks or sees guys .
Daughters do not want to tell their parents what they are up to .
But this cannot last , " said Palash Mehrotra , a columnist for Mail Today .
" Young women 's attitudes have changed too much in India for the clock to be turned back . "
People have always been free under the criminal law to speak their minds , provided they did not , in doing so , incite others to commit violence or infringe public order .
Rabble - rousers trying to whip up the mob have never been the beneficiaries of this latitude : there is , in other words , a difference between license and liberty .
However , it is necessary to demonstrate that the words complained of are likely to stir up hatred and public disorder , not merely to complain that they are unpleasant or objectionable to some .
Imams have been allowed to continue preaching in mosques when it could be argued that they have overstepped this mark , as when they have called for the death of homosexuals or Jews .
The official trailer for Judd Apatow 's Funny People .
Over the past few years , writer / director Judd Apatow ( ' The 40 - Year - Old Virgin , ' ' Knocked Up ' ) has shown that nothing -- not even losing your virginity or the miracle of childbirth -- is sacred .
About his third film behind the camera , he says , " I 'm trying to make a very serious movie that is twice as funny as my other movies .
Wish me luck ! "
Apatow directs Adam Sandler , Seth Rogen and Leslie Mann in ' Funny People , ' the story of a famous comedian who has a near - death experience .
Adam Sandler , Eric Bana , Jason Schwartzman , RZA and newcomer Aubrey Plaza join a cast that reunites Judd Apatow with Seth Rogen , Leslie Mann and Jonah Hill in their third comedy together .
Jennifer Robb , who performs as Anni-Frid , said : " We arrived at a building which looked like a big stronghold with metal security gates .
We had to put all our belongings through an X - ray machine .
They took us to a guest house for the night and the next day we were taken for lunch at a canteen full of security guards and soldiers .
The security was very tight and there were cameras everywhere .
At one point I went outside to get some fresh air and there was a man with a machine gun who said something in Russian and made it very clear that I was n't allowed to wander anywhere on my own .
by John Harvin
Last night we had dinner with my daughter ’s future in - laws .
They are devout Christians , members of an ultra-conservative evangelical mega-church .
As we sat down to eat , they asked if anyone minded if they said grace .
We smiled and went along with it , but the truth is I do mind .
I think coming into someone ’s home and imposing your belief system is unspeakably rude and completely unacceptable .
What if I belonged to the Sacred Church of Zoophilia , and I came to dinner at your house and asked , “ While you dish out the salad , do you mind if I have sex with your cat ? ”
To me , talking aloud to Jesus and forcing me to listen in on the conversation is much the same thing .
And after dinner , when the inevitable sales pitch came , we turned it away as gracefully as possible .
Marrying into an evangelical family is a very depressing prospect .
We know they ’re going to try again :
They have to .
It ’s a central tenet of their religion .
We can look forward to a semi-eternity of being cornered at joint family events and quizzed about our relationship with Christ .
But as I sat there , smiling outwardly while I inwardly thought dark thoughts about building a huge fence around Texas and herding all the evangelicals in the U.S. inside two by two , I had an epiphany .
We “ seculars ” and evangelicals need each other .
It ’s pretty obvious why they need us ( because someone needs to propose and implement rational social and economic policy , ) but except for the comic opportunities provided by Sarah Palin , it may be less obvious why we need them .
Reason number 1 : They keep us honest , more or less .
Every group , political or social , goes too far if there ’s not a countervailing force .
And if you completely wipe out the opposition , the one that replaces it can be much nastier than the one it replaced , like substituting a muscular and energetic Islamic movement for a decrepit and doddering Communist one .
Evangelicals ( and the right wing they are joined with at the hip ) provide about the right level of resistance to keep the current majority in the U.S. — progressives who are secular in practice if not in name — on the up and up .
I mean , be realistic , are we that sure about all our ideas ?
Of course not , we understand the concept of unintended consequences and can cite any number of ideas ( like housing projects ) that seemed good at the time that turned out really bad .
At least we can count on the Evangelicals to scream “ No , ” no matter what we propose .
That forces us to pause for a minute and consider whether our ideas are really right .
The Harlem Globetrotters used to travel with their own team , the Washington Generals .
Every so often , the Generals would even win a game , but their real job was n’t to compete , it was to allow the Globetrotters to show off their considerable skills .
Think of the Evangelicals as our collection of slow , tubby white guys , just out there to make us look good .
Reason number 2 : They do things the rest of us wo n’t do , like fight wars and run into burning buildings and play pro football .
I have no way of proving this , but I ’d wager that if you looked at who is in the military or works in our police stations and firehouses , that there is a disproportionate number of Evangelicals and devout Christians in the mix .
Maybe the whole idea of the afterlife makes you inclined to do stuff that those of us with only one life are reluctant to do .
But it ’s a fact :
It ’s Evangelicals and devout Christians who put themselves into harm ’s way for the rest us .
And that ’s true if the task is to defuse roadside bombs in Iraq or face down armed meth heads or collide full speed with three hundred pound men for our entertainment .
You never see a prayer circle at a safe sporting event , like the PGA or ATP Tours , but there ’s one midfield after most NFL games .
Evangelicals seem far more willing to risk life and limb for the things they believe in passionately , and they tend to be passionate people .
And very seriously , we should appreciate anyone who is willing to put his or her life on the line for the public good , whatever their motives .
Reason number 3 : They do other things the rest of us wo n’t do , like live in Mississippi or Oklahoma or Nebraska .
Now this one is a little less serious than the last two , but it ’s still true .
There ’s a reason CNN ’s map is all red in the south and western mid-west .
It ’s because that part of the country is full of Evangelicals who are happy to live in places the rest of us are reluctant to even fly over .
These are places that are flat and ugly , lit by flares from oil wells and heavy with the stench of feed lots and pesticides .
Most of us want to live near water or mountains , where the restaurants are good and the jobs are plentiful , not in some forgotten backwater where the best job going is principal of the local high school .
But somebody has to live out there , or there would be no meat on the shelves at our local grocery , no gas stations between Chicago and Flagstaff and another 30 million people in San Bernadino County .
Better them than us .
In other words , Evangelicals are like vultures – unsightly , but a necessary part of the ecosystem .
So what if I do n’t like them ?
They fill a role .
And maybe instead of rolling my eyes at my future in - laws , I should appreciate them a little more .
Next :
Why we need Jesse , Sean , Al and Rush .
Really .
__________
John Harvin is a writer , novelist and executive .
He has traveled and worked in more than forty countries and lived in Chicago , New York , LA , Mexico City and Sydney .
He has published five books and his work has appeared in Fortune , Wall Street Journal , LA Times and Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine , among others .
He is particularly proud of the EQMM short story , because he thinks somehow this makes him a pulp author like Raymond Chandler .
( Sadly , the book critics have not yet seen the connection . )
He has way too much energy for his own good , and when not working or writing or spending time with his family , he rides ultra- marathon bicycle races , does triathlons , scuba dives , skis , works on his farm in Indiana and thinks .
This is a photo journal of some of the trails and natural attractions on the North Coast .
Eventually , it will evolve into a hiking trail guide for the Northwestern counties of California .
A homophobic American cleric who runs a website called God Hates Fags and was allegedly planning to picket a play showing in the UK has been banned from Britain by the home secretary , Jacqui Smith .
Fred Phelps had vowed to come to Britain with his daughter , Shirley , to picket a school play in Basingstoke , Hampshire , that promotes tolerance for gay people .
The play , The Laramie Project , depicts the murder of a homosexual teenager , ­Matthew Shepard , in the Wyoming town in 1998 .
It will be staged tomorrow evening at Queen Mary 's College .
Phelps , who runs the Primitive Baptist Westboro church in Topeka , Kansas – most of whose congregation are members of his family , including his 13 children – has bought a plot of land in Laramie where he plans to build a memorial celebrating the murder , despite local opposition .
He and his family cause outrage by picketing the funerals of American personnel killed in Iraq , on the grounds that they were serving the godforsaken US .
They wave banners and sometimes trample on the Stars and Stripes to show their contempt for their country .
His publicity - seeking behaviour and vehemently expressed views are condemned by all mainstream denominations in the US .
A posting on Phelps 's companion website God Hates the World this week stated : " God hates England .
Your Queen is a whore .
You 're going to hell . "
There was no evidence that the Phelps family , who tour the US spreading their message and have expressed a wish to come to Britain to preach at Speakers ' Corner in London , had made arrangements to carry out their threat of picketing the play , but the Home Office said Phelps and other members of his family would be banned from entry if they arrived .
A UK Border Agency spokesman said : " The home secretary has excluded both Fred Phelps and his daughter from the UK .
Both these individuals have engaged in unacceptable behaviour by inciting hatred against a number of communities .
" The government has made it clear it opposes extremism in all its forms .
We will continue to stop those who want to spread extremism , hatred and violent messages in our communities from coming to our country … regardless of their opinions and beliefs . "
The move follows last week 's Home Office decision to refuse entry to Geert Wilders , a rightwing Dutch politician accused of Islamophobia .
Wilders was due to show his 17 - minute film Fitna , which criticises the Qur'an as a " fascist book " , in the Lords but was turned back at Heathrow .
The Sun may have formed in a rich star cluster such as the Eagle Nebula ( Image : NASA / ESA / Hubble Heritage / STScI / AURA )
The Sun ’s orbit through the Milky Way over the last 4.6 billion years is shown as a dotted line that curves around at various distances from the galactic centre in this simulated view from above the galaxy .
In a new simulation of 1000 stars that were born in the same cluster as the Sun , Simon Portegies Zwart finds that they should lie along the Sun ’s trajectory , in leading and trailing orbits ( dark bullets ) .
Ten to 60 of the stars may lie within about 300 light years of the …
It is easier to seek forgiveness than it is to get permission according to Verizon , which has once again shown us what large corporations should not be doing when it comes to customer service .
David Weinberger , co-author of The Cluetrain Manifesto and the more recent Everything is Miscellaneous received a letter today from Verizon .
A " legalistic pamphlet " that informed him he has 45 days to opt out of ' agreeing ' to let Verizon share his personal information .
Weinberger , unlike the majority of us who rarely read the associated paraphernalia that arrives with bills and the like , noticed that Verizon 's modus operandi was to share Customer Proprietary Network Information - the data created as a result of your relationship with Verizon Wireless - unless you ask them to stop .
This information includes " services purchased ( including specific calls you make and receive ) , billing info , technical info and location info .
They promise to only share this with ' affiliates , agents and parent companies . '
It will definitely not be shared with ' unrelated third parties ' ... unless , perhaps that third party pays Verizon to become an affiliate , whatever the heck ' affiliate ' means , " Wienberger wrote .
While getting this in the mail is great , what about those people who only receive electronic copies from Verizon ?
Did they too receive a message ?
I did n't , so I decided to investigate , and sure enough , after logging into my Verizon Wireless account I could n't find a mention of the CPNI .
As Weinberger pointed out , there is a link to it in my messages , but alas , as he also mentions , the link is " not available . "
Verizon has not been having a great run recently .
Sure , in January Microsoft opened its wallet to Verizon and struck a five year partnership with the wireless carrier in hopes of getting access to its more than 80 million subscribers , but what if those subscribers begin to slowly dwindle away ?
Verizon was dealt a blow last month when the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied the company 's request to overturn a decision by the Federal Communications Commission regarding its marketing tactics .
Earlier this month the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission decided Verizon 's customer service " stinks " and sought a settlement to improve customer service .
Next week , Delaware customers with complaints about their telecommunications service will have the opportunity to air them during the states Public Service Commission hearings .
Verizon spokesman Harry Mitchell , in discussing next week 's public forum said the company still does not believe the hearings are necessary .
" There were some issues we did have , but we worked through those , in collaboration with the commission staff , and made great improvements , " he said .
While they may have fixed the problems associated with gripes about their old copper pipes in Delaware , they clearly have n't yet addressed their customer service issues .
For a company that prides itself on operating the nation 's most reliable and largest wireless voice and data network , and spends an absolute fortune on creating masterful ads ( YouTube link ) to entertain us , it clearly still has a way to go .
Perhaps it 's time the company started putting some of its energy into the Twitter account it set up , and got up close and personal to its community and their needs .
Note : David Weinberger 's post walks you through the process of opting out of Verizon 's ' share your information ' default setting .
If you have n't done it yet , we highly recommend you do .
Copyright 2009 ReadWriteWeb .
All Rights Reserved .
October 16th , 2008 mysurface Posted in Common , history , last | Hits : 340237 | 42 Comments »
History is a common command for shell to list out all the executed commands .
It is very useful when it comes to investigation on what commands was executed that tear down the server .
With the help of last command , you be able to track the login time of particular user as well as the the duration of the time he / she stays login .
last ... mysurface tty7 :0 Mon Oct 6 20:07 - down ( 00:00 ) reboot system boot 2.6.24.4-64.fc8 Mon Oct 6 20:06 ( 00:00 ) mysurface pts/8 10.168.28.44 Mon
Oct 6 17:42 - down ( 01:58 ) mysurface pts/7 :0.0 Mon Oct 6 17:41 - 19:40 ( 01:59 ) mysurface pts/6 :0.0 Mon Oct 6 17:27 - 19:40 ( 02:13 ) mysurface pts/5 :0.0 Mon Oct 6 17:27 - 19:40 ( 02:13 ) mysurface pts/5 :0.0 Mon Oct 6 15:52 - 15:59 ( 00:07 ) ...
If the command line history could provides the date time of the commands being executed , that may really narrow down the scope of the user actions that cause the server malfunction .
By default , history do not append with timestamp , but it is easy to configure it to display timestamp , you just need to set one environment variable HISTTIMEFORMAT .
HISTTIMEFORMAT takes format string of strftime .
Check out the strftime manual to choose and construct the timestamp that suit your taste .
My favorite is “ % F %T “ .
export HISTTIMEFORMAT= " %F %T "
Execute history again and you will see the effect on the spot , bare in mind that the timestamp for command lines that executed at previous sessions may not valid , as the time was not tracked .
... 994 2008-10-16 02:27:40 exit 995 2008-10-16 01:12:20 iptables -nL 996 2008-10-16 01:47:46 vi .bash_profile 997 2008-10-16 01:47:55 history 998 2008-10-16 01:48:03 . . bash_profile 999 2008-10-16 01:48:04 history
1000 2008-10-16 01:48:09 exit 1001 2008-10-16 02:27:43 history ...
I would suggest you to put the export into ~/.bash_profile as well as /root /.bash_profile .
In case you do not have .
bash_profile , you can choose to put into ~/.bashrc .
Do n’t mess up my servers !
Your actions will be track !
Ireland : Anglo Irish Bank taken into state ownership
By Steve James
27 January 2009
The Irish government was forced to take the Anglo Irish Bank into full state ownership on January 15 .
The move came as fears that a collapse of the bank , one of Ireland 's largest lenders , would bring down the entire economy .
The decision reversed a previous move to pour € 1.5 billion into the bank while leaving it independent .
This was part of a € 5.5 billion package to prop up the three major Irish banks —
Anglo Irish , AIB , and Bank of Ireland — agreed in December .
Speaking on the radio , Finance Minister Brian Lenihan made clear that full state control was the only way to prevent a catastrophic run on the bank , with cash demands from investors outweighing resources .
This would not only ruin the bank and its depositors but , " The reputational damage to the country in trashing deposits and refusing to honour obligations will be enormous , " Lenihan said .
Only a week before , however , Lenihan had warned , " were we to go from the last step before nationalisation to nationalisation itself , the taxpayer will be taking an awful lot of risk with no return . "
In the intervening week , the bank 's already dire position further deteriorated .
Investors concluded that the extent of the bank 's bad debts , particularly those on the collapsing Irish property market , meant that it would soon be unable to meet its obligations .
Lenihan confirmed that of the banks € 100 billion in outstanding loans , € 80 billion were in Ireland .
But he would not comment on the extent of bad debt within this , claiming the information was " commercially sensitive . "
Currently , the bank has admitted that some 1.3 percent of its loans are " non-performing . "
A finance professor at Trinity College Dublin , Brian Lucey told the Irish Times , " I would suspect that as time has gone on it has become abundantly clear that there are so many unexploded land mines in Anglo that the government had to throw something on it .... "
The takeover of Anglo Irish is unlikely to offer much beyond a temporary respite from the impact of the global financial crisis on Ireland .
Its purpose is primarily to buy time , allowing the Irish social and political elite to attempt to offload identifiable toxic assets and debts onto the public purse .
The government is even reported to be considering using Anglo Irish as a so - called " bad bank " — a repository for bad loans held by the other major banks , allowing them to be recapitalised at state expense .
Both AIB and the Bank of Ireland are reported to have similar volumes of bad debt to Anglo Irish , but , for the moment these banks remain outside full state control because of a somewhat larger asset base .
Yet both are in talks with the government for an additional € 1 billion of cash to be made available .
At its peak in 2007 , AIB was worth € 20.9 billion .
It is now worth € 528 million .
Over the same period , Bank of Ireland 's value has fallen from € 18 billion to € 341 million .
In 2007 , total Irish financial stocks together were worth € 59.44 billion .
Now they are worth € 1.65 billion .
The nationalisation was pushed through following an emergency debate in the Dáil Éireann on the Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Bill .
Lenihan noted that " unacceptable practices which took place at Anglo Irish Bank in relation to loans to its former chairman and the consequent resignation of the chairman and a number of the bank 's senior management team , including the CEO , compounded the weak position of Anglo Irish Bank in the eyes of investors and debt providers . "
Lenihan was referring to the recently exposed practices of Anglo Irish senior management of issuing loans to themselves , and moving the loans to another bank , to avoid the figures appearing in annual accounts .
Richard Bruton , speaking for Fine Gael , restricted criticism of the bill to the curtailed character of discussion on it — only 10 hours of debating time was allocated .
Bruton 's only real difference rested on the claim that Fine Gael would have taken over the bank earlier .
Speaking for the Labour Party , former minister Joan Burton called for stronger regulatory powers and noted , " We need to draw a clear , blue line under this issue and state that the disgraceful practices which took place at Anglo Irish Bank must be sorted out and explained . "
Economist David McWilliams , writing in the Sunday Business Post howled the " Anglo Irish Bank is Ireland 's Enron , and those responsible for destroying shareholders ' assets should be pursued accordingly . "
He continued , " ... dodgy banks are now contaminating everything associated with Ireland . "
Incompetence , greed and swindling of the highest order are not confined to Anglo Irish .
As the Madoff scandal in the United States has shown , outright criminality is endemic throughout the global " free market " financial system that was so long held up by the powers - that - be as the highest point of human civilisation .
Even now , while the interests of the banks and super - rich are being protected by governments across the world at taxpayers ´ expense , millions of working people are being told that their jobs , wages and conditions must be sacrificed in the so - called national good .
Unemployment has already topped 300,000 in the Irish republic and is anticipated to reach 400,000 within a year .
New job losses are announced daily .
On Monday Ulster Bank announced it would lay off 750 staff .
One week before , 800 redundancies were announced on one day alone , including 290 at Dublin Bus and 100 at car component Kostal .
Writing in the Irish Times under the headline , " The case for cutting public sector pay and numbers , " Dan O'Leary reported on a Department of Finance report " Addendum to the Irish Stability Programme Update . "
This document anticipates a huge rise in state indebtedness with the total debt approaching 100 percent of GDP and demands substantial cuts in current capital spending , along with tax increases to avoid creditors refusing to lend Ireland more money .
O'Leary uses this to bluntly argue for pay cuts across the public sector .
These , he says , are preferable to redundancy , which costs more .
Only in this way can " [ we ] realign our pay with our productivity . "
He concludes , " Ireland is now embarked on an enterprise that has many of the hallmarks of war , a war against powerfully adverse economic conditions .
The last thing we need is to exacerbate those conditions by opening another front — against each other . "
The latter remark is addressed to the trade union bureaucracy .
While the government and big business must be free to wage war on workers ´ jobs and conditions , the union tops are being warned they must ensure their members are prevented from fighting back .
The struggling insurance giant AIG could n't even ensure its own good name .
Workers peeled off the large AIG sign at its Water Street offices in downtown Manhattan last weekend , part of a move to rebrand its core insurance business , according to reports .
The building had been mistaken for AIG 's headquarters around the corner , which has only a small brass name plate that reads " American International Building , " according to the New York Daily News .
AIG will now call its property - casualty company " AIU Holdings LTD " in an effort to " distinguish these well - capitalized businesses from AIG , " a corporate spokesman told Reuters .
“ I think the AIG name is so thoroughly wounded and disgraced that we ’re probably going to have to change it , ” AIG CEO Edward Liddy told Congress last week .
For the new name , AIG reached back to 1919 , when it founded Shanghai : American International Underwriters , the New York Times reported .
That name is still recognized in Asia , where AIG 's tentacles reach deep .
Reviving the name could help AIG keep business that others have been poaching , according to the Times .
AIU hopes to eventually spin off 20 percent of the business in a stock offering , Reuters reported .
Taxpayers have poured up to $ 180 billion into AIG in three rounds of bailouts to prevent a systemic collapse of the financial system .
Last week , outrage reached a fevered pitch over the fact that the company paid $ 165 million in bonuses to workers at a company division that lost $ 100 billion .
A couple outfits have now begun to offer tours of executives ' homes .
Some of those employees in the company 's financial products division have received death threats .
And the House passed a bill to tax 90 percent of bonuses for AIG executives .
AIG CEO Liddy gave the employees a deadline today to let him know if they would return half or all of their bonuses , the Wall Street Journal reported .
Time will tell whether AIG 's name change can help make its problems disappear .
A still from a new 3 - D movie that flies through supernova grave that is Cassiopeia A .
The dying remains of anexploded star have been resurrected in a new three - dimensional film that fliesthrough the ancient supernova .
At center stage inthe new movie is Cassiopeia A , a dead star that exploded about 330 yearsago to forge one of the youngest supernova graves in the Milky Way galaxy .
Astronomers usedobservations from several ground - and space - based telescopes to build the 3 - D voyagethrough the supernova , which starts at the remnant ?s neutron star core .
The moviethen pulls back to reveal the wispy , gaseous remains of Cassiopeia A in hues of red , green , yellow and blue to mark materials seenin different wavelengths .
" We have always wantedto know how the pieces we see in two dimensions fit together with each other inreal life , " said Tracey Delaney of the Massachusetts Institute ofTechnology , whose team reconstructed the event .
" Now we can see forourselves with this ' hologram ' of supernova debris . "
The movie and a separatestudy on the same supernova remnant were announced this week at the 213thmeeting of the American Astronomical Society in Long Beach , Calif .
In the separate study , astronomers collected a series of time - lapse images of Cassiopeia A?s recent evolution usingeight years of observations from the ChandraX - Ray Observatory .
That study found that 30 percent of the supernova ?
senergy ended up as high - speed cosmic rays .
And by virtually flyingthrough thesupernova remnant , scientists discovered two separate components : aspherical outer shell and a flat , disk - like inner layer .
Jets of silicon andiron were spotted in the inner disk , but scientists were surprised to see theirbroad , disk - like structure , researchers said .
The finding suggests that theinnermost layers of an exploding star erupt as high - speed plumes , while theoutermost regions expand like a spherical bubble .
" With Chandra , we havewatched Cas A over a relatively small amount of its life , but so far the showhas been amazing , " said astronomer Daniel Patnaude of the SmithsonianAstrophysical Observatory in Cambridge , Mass .
" And , we can use this tolearn more about the aftermath of the star 's explosion . "
Among the pretty large population of white people who have used pot and not been arrested for it is Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg .
Asked during the 2001 campaign by New York magazine if he had ever smoked it , Mr. Bloomberg replied : “ You bet I did .
And I enjoyed it . ”
After he was elected and his remarks were used in advertisements by marijuana legalization advocates , Mr. Bloomberg said his administration would vigorously enforce the laws .
The statistics cited in the report , which were drawn from records kept by the New York State Division of Criminal Justice Services , show that Mr. Bloomberg has kept his word .
Although low - level marijuana arrests last year are down from their peak in 2000 , they remain at very high levels historically .
In an official comment on the study , the Police Department was critical of the role played by the New York Civil Liberties Union in publicizing the report and noted that the research had been backed , in part , by the Marijuana Policy Project , which supports legalization .
Paul J. Browne , the department ’s chief spokesman , said that all crime in the city had declined by about 60 percent in the three decades cited in the study .
“ Attention to marijuana and lower - level crime in general has helped drive crime down , ” Mr. Browne said .
Mr. Levine said that the only research on the issue suggested that marijuana arrests played little role in driving down serious crime , and may in fact divert police resources .
What of the skewed numbers on arrest by race ?
Mr. Browne said that it was wrong to use national drug use surveys as evidence of racial bias in New York marijuana arrests .
Mr. Levine said that one reason black and Latino men were disproportionally arrested on marijuana charges is that they are the vast majority of those stopped and frisked by police .
More than 30 years ago , legislators and the governor agreed , in broad terms , that the state would no longer jail people in possession of small amounts of marijuana .
Mr Obama has just officially moved to Washington ahead of his inauguration US President - elect Barack Obama has described America 's economy as " very sick " and has said that the situation is worsening .
He said he expected that the latest US unemployment figures , due out later this week , would be sobering .
Earlier , he met politicians in Washington to discuss ways to boost the economy and create new jobs .
US media reports say he is planning a stimulus package worth more than $ 800 bn ( £ 550bn ) , including $ 300 bn of tax cuts .
Mr Obama has said he wants a plan that will create three million jobs by 2011 .
The president - elect hopes to be able to enact the package shortly after his inauguration on 20 January .
" The economy is very sick , " he said .
" We have to act and act now to break the momentum of this recession .
" We 've got an extraordinary economic challenge ahead of us , we 're expecting a sobering job report at the end of the week . "
The US Labor Department will release its December employment report on Friday and many economists are expecting the jobless figure to rise by 500,000 , bringing the total US job losses for 2008 to about 2.5 million .
" Economists from across the political spectrum agree that if we do n't act swiftly and boldly , we could see a much deeper economic downturn that could lead to double - digit unemployment and the American dream slipping further and further out of reach , " Mr Obama said .
' Very serious situation '
The package is reported to include tax breaks for people earning less than $ 200,000 a year as well as tax credits for companies taking on additional staff .
There 's a tension here between wanting to do the most meritorious projects for the long term and wanting to do stuff that boosts the economy quickly
Bob Greenstein
Center on Budget and Policy Priorities Besides $ 500 tax cuts for most workers and $ 1,000 for couples , the proposals are said to include tax breaks of more than $ 100 bn for businesses .
The plan is likely to allow firms incurring losses last year to take a credit against profits dating back five years , instead of the two years currently allowed .
Another provision would award a one - year tax credit costing $ 40 - 50 bn to companies that hire new workers , and would provide other incentives for business investment in new equipment .
In a weekend speech , Janet Yellen , president of the San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank , called for the government to put more money into stimulating the economy .
Mr Obama 's economic team has been carving out a plan for several weeks and Vice President - elect Joe Biden said in an interview that the plans had been almost finalised before Christmas .
Mr Obama 's spokesman Robert Gibbs said : " We 've seen statistics , we 've seen Christmas sales , consumer confidence and obviously upcoming job numbers , which underscore that a very serious situation has only gotten worse and is n't likely to get better any time soon . "
The president - elect has now moved to Washington from Chicago and his meetings with legislators on Monday were the first formal discussions since his 4 November election victory .
Spending plans Mr Obama 's economic recovery plan depends on swiftly pumping hundreds of billions of federal dollars into the economy to create jobs .
The focus is on tax cuts and government spending that can provide an immediate lift to the economy .
However , the proposals also appear to contain money that might not actually get spent for several years , such as plans to rebuild the electric grid and buy billions of dollars of computers and software for the health care sector .
Some Republican critics say that the Democrats are simply using the current economic crisis to put money into long - term projects now , rather than in a few years when concerns about record budget deficits might threaten the spending .
" It 's incredibly difficult to identify things that are valuable in the long run , can be financed in the short run and get the money out the door quickly , " said former Congressional Budget Office director Douglas Holtz - Eakin , who advised Senator John McCain 's presidential campaign .
Mr Obama 's officials have promised a " use it or lose it " rule to force states and localities to spend new federal money quickly to stimulate jobs .
But some commentators say this could prompt local politicians to choose projects that can be built soon , rather than better ideas that might take longer .
" There 's a tension here between wanting to do the most meritorious projects for the long term and wanting to do stuff that boosts the economy quickly , " said budget expert Bob Greenstein of the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When Senate Majority Leader Malcolm A. Smith spoke to a hotel ballroom in Manhattan packed with hundreds of gay - rights advocates , fund - raisers and politicians on Saturday night , his mere mention of the words “ marriage equality ” roused the crowd .
So when Mr. Smith got to the question on everyone ’s mind  whether New York would legalize same - sex marriages  he was greeted with a burst of cheers and applause before he could even finish his thought .
“ Hold up , ” Mr. Smith , a Democrat , said , trying to temper the excitement .
“ Although we do not have the number of votes at this time needed to pass the marriage equality gender bill this legislative session , we are committed to pursuing its passage . ”
With that , Mr. Smith sent a clear signal that same - sex marriage in New York did not stand a good chance of becoming law this year .
NEW STORY : " The Second Door , " by Claire O'Connor
Good morning , Fiction Circuits !
Today , we 've got a story for you that requires you to relax and let your mind sink , sink , sink into the drink , drink , drink .
Full fathom five thy story lies !
Stand in the sun on a sea - going research vessel and listen to the sound of the gulls and the churning motor of your boat 's propellers .
Crack a beer .
Take something heavy -- a boot , an empty tin can , a cell phone -- and chuck it off the side when the Captain 's back is turned .
Watch the bit of junk bubble , fall , and plummet out of sight and go down with it in your mind -- down , down past the schools of fish and the sun-dappled porpi .
Go down to the very bottom of the ocean floor -- past the sharks , and rays , and tuna -- into the silent pressures of the depths , into the pitch black maw of hell 's echo : the ocean .
Be silent .
Be ready .
Relax .
Know peace .
Look up .
Try to imagine the surface above you , miles away , impossible to reach .
Know terror and constriction and struggle .
Today 's tale , " The Second Door , " by Claire O'Connor , showcases one of my favorite story techniques : this tale imagines a fascinating , improbable setting , and then tells the story of the only people who could possibly be there .
I read this story , and when it started to describe the options of what the main characters could eat for dinner , I said YES YES YES THOSE ARE EXACTLY THE OPTIONS THAT THEY WOULD HAVE TO EAT .
THIS STORY DOES RIGHT BY ITSELF AND BY ME !
Truth in fiction is not penetrating emotions or perfect sentences : it is well - placed Chicken Cacciatore .
Bon appetit !
According to the research of Dr. John Cacioppo , loneliness has a major impact on your overall health – both mental and physical .
In his research , Dr. Cacioppo employed brain scans , monitoring of autonomic and neuroendocrine processes , and assays of immune function to test the influence that social connection has upon our health .
His research showed how our perceptions , behavior and physiology are strongly affected by a loss of that connection .
In fact , Dr. Cacoppo ’s research has shown that loneliness can cause :
an increase in your blood pressure
an increase in your level of stress and cortisol production
a negative impact on your immune system
an inability to get a good nights sleep
an increased level of depression and anxiety
an increased risk of developing Alzheimer ’s Disease
a reduction in your will to exercise
an increase in your cravings for comforting foods high in processed carbohydrates
an increase in caloric consumption
an increase in alcohol consumption
an increase in the consumption of a variety of drugs … both legal and illegal , and …
a feeling of sadness that feeds upon itself , causing even more isolation and an even greater sense of loneliness .
These finding were presented by Dr. Cacioppo at the most recent conference of the American Association for the Advancement of Science .
According to Dr. Cacioppo , “ healthwise , the difference between a lonely person and a popular person was akin to “ a smoker and a non-smoker ” .
“ That stunned all of us , myself and all my colleagues in terms of the effects it had , ” he said .
“ It shows just how powerful it is .
“ Loneliness lowers the ability to control yourself .
It is really easy after a bad day to have a second scotch and a third to get some comfort . ”
Dr. Cacioppo ’s research has led him to believe that our need for connection can be traced back through our evolutionary roots .
In order to survive in the past , humans needed to bond to rear their children .
In order to flourish , they needed to [ increase their levels of altruism and cooperation ] .
Just as physical pain is a prompt to change behavior , such as moving a finger away from the fire , loneliness evolved as a prompt to action , signaling an ancestral need to repair the social bonds .
The problem of social isolation is likely to grow as conventional family structures die out , said Dr. Cacioppo .
People are living longer , having fewer children later in life and becoming increasingly mobile around the world .
Surveys also show that people report significantly fewer close friends and confidants than those a generation ago .
All of this adds up to more loneliness and more health problems because of that loneliness .
According to the good doctor , we need to realize that “ human beings are simply far more intertwined and interdependent — physiologically as well as psychologically — than our cultural prejudices have allowed us to acknowledge ” .
And if we do n’t address our very real need for connection , we are risking our own psychological and physiological health .
.
“ If you want to go fast , ” says an African proverb , “ go alone .
If you want to go far , go together . ”
.
If you like what you see here , click here for updates
.
Related Posts
reference
Classic British TV comedy
Yes Prime Minister has important lessons for those who want to interpret questionnaire data .
This clip shows two civil servants discussing a policy suggestion .
Bernard Woolley , who we see first , thinks the public are in favour of the policy – the minister has had an opinion poll done .
Luckily senior civil servant , Sir Humphrey Appleby is there to set him straight :
Fans of cognitive biases , note that Sir Humphrey uses at least three in his illustration of a biased questionnaire : framing , priming , and acquiescence bias .
This example exaggerated , but the moral still holds : questionnaires can be designed to encourage the answers you want .
People ’s opinions are not objective facts like their height and weight , they change depending on the context and on how they are asked .
I 've got a list of classic sci - fi shows that I would love to see rebooted .
1. UFO - I enjoyed this show in the 70's and watching it on DVD I can't believe how well it has held up and how original it truly was .
The show was funny , campy , serious , and at times verged on the metaphysical .
I really hope that someone has the good sense to revisit this .
2. The Starlost -
The show , due to well documented incompetent production , was a mess , but the plotline was incredibly promising and in haunting .
Some elements of this story seem to have influenced both the classic and current BSG .
In fact , the agro ship is a cousin of the Earthship Ark that was the centerpiece of the show .
The Earthship Ark model was created by John Dykstra who also created the models for Silent Running based on a similar design .
3. Man from Atlantis- I loved the pilot episode and enjoyed the made for TV movies .
The series was a mess but a serious treatment would be great .
4. Cyborg / The Six Million Dollar Man-
It seems that a lot of the shows of the 70's focused on making their protagonists science freaks who due to their peculiar conditions felt somehow marginalized .
Cyborg / The Six Million Dollar Man was similar to other sci- fi shows of the time in this respect , much like Man from Atlantis , Phoenix , and Lucan .
Once again , I would prefer a serious revision over anything campy .
We tend to look at the past with a certain campiness although at the time these shows were taken and produced seriously .
5. Knight Rider -
They should really remake this one .
I have no idea why they have n't :)
Connecticut Sen. Chris Dodd :
An affable fellow , great hair , pretty good debator , accomplished legislator , policy wonk , cute kids , cares about his country .
But is he one of the heroes of the financial implosion ?
From Publisher ’s Weekly , comes this news :
Crown senior editor Sean Desmond has acquired a history of the congressional bailout of the financial markets by Sen. Christopher J. Dodd with Lary Bloom .
Titled Thirteen Days : How the Financial Crisis Changed the Politics of Washington , the book will provide an intimate look at how , over the course of 13 days last September , a financial crisis led to panic and meltdown .
Dodd , the chair of the Senate banking committee , will also describe how he and others acted swiftly to try to save the American economy .
Crown has world rights via Esther Newberg and will publish this June .
This is , of course , the same Chris Dodd who was Chairman of the Senate Banking Committee beginning in 2007 , when the banks began their meltdown .
He was the one who received the most campaign cash of any senator from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , two companies that he defended against increased regulation that might have actually tempered some of the disaster that has followed .
He was the one who spent a huge chunk of 2007 not in the Senate , but on the campaign trail , carrying out a lackluster presidential effort funded largely by the banking and insurance industries .
According to the Center for Responsive Politics , Dodd raised $ 8.3 million for his presidentical campaign ; $ 4.3 million came from the securities and investments industry .
His top contributor was Citibank .
His fourth largest contributor was the now - collapsed firm , AIG , a major purveyor of the complex derivitives that helped cause the crisis .
He was also the one who in 2007 went before the U.S. Chamber of Commerce to praise the “ history of solid regulation ” in the U.S. capital markets .
“ Win or lose , [ people ] invest with a high degree of confidence that American balance sheets are accurate , that investment products like securities and derivatives are properly valued , and that the markets are well - policed against those who would commit negligent , deceptive , or fraudulent acts , ” he said .
Which is all to say that Dodd ’s book might be more informative , and historically valuable , if he does not limit his scope to just 13 days .
I also have a call into his office asking whether he plans to donate the money he makes from the book to charity , as is often the practice when senators write books .
Will post the answer when I have it .
UPDATE : Dodd ’s office just called back .
“ He does plan to donate some of the proceeds to a charity , ” said his spokesman .
FRIDAY UPDATE : Crown Publishing , it seems , has not yet inked the deal .
From a press release dated
2/13/09 : “ Publishers Weekly , through information prematurely sent by the publisher , announced a book deal between Crown Publishers and Senator Christopher Dodd on the Senator ’s role during the financial crisis last fall .
Crown Publishers would like to clarify that in fact , Senator Dodd and Crown do not yet have a signed agreement , and that the actual content of the proposed book will chronicle how Congress and the Bush Administration responded to the financial meltdown .
If Crown and Senator Dodd reach agreement , Senator Dodd plans to donate his proceeds from this forthcoming book to charity . ”
Google Earth : Arctic
Information from the National Geographic magazine can be used to illustrate what ’s happening in an area , like in this picture from the Arctic .
Google 5.0 brings a host of new tools to its users , including the ability to explore the surface of Mars and the bottom of the ocean .
Sometimes news about Zimbabwe makes me bitter .
Sometimes , I can only get sarcastic .
Like when I read this article :
Zimbabwe : Judge Accuses Grace Mugabe of Seizing His Seized Farm
A Zimbabwe High Court judge has accused President Robert Mugabe 's family of using political muscle to wrestle a farm allocated to him during the land seizures .
Court documents in our possession filed on November 10 last year show that High Court Judge Ben Hlatshwayo had been allocated Gwina Farm , located in Banket , Zvimba District , in Mashonaland West province and measures approximately 580 hectares .
Hlatshwayo's affidavit exposes Mugabe and his family as multiple farm owners through their company Gushungo Holdings that carries out farming activities at Mazowe Farm , Sigaro Farm , Leverdale Farm and Bassiville Farm .
Gushungo Holdings is cited as the first respondent and the Minister of State for National Security , Land Reform and Resettlement is cited as the second respondent .
( Full )
Cartoon courtesy The Economist
So I wonder what kind of conversation would have transpired between Mugabe and Judge Hlatshwayo .
Maybe something like this :- Hey Mug , this is H.- ... Hello ? - Mug ??
This is H.- [ ticking against the phone ] - Mug ???- [ background noise ]
Ah..
Yeah right ..
Sorry , had it upside down . - Mug ?- Yow !
Woosdiz ?- Hey Mug , this is H. - Yow H. , my man , whatzup ?-
Hey man .
Lisssnn .
Your woman is causing me grief , man !-
Which one ?- Grace .
That one .
She no good , man !-
Why ?-
She seized my farm .-
Which one ?- Grace !-
No , which farm ?- Gwina .-
Where the % %$ £ is Gwina ? - In Banket !-
Which one ?- Grace !-
No which village ?- Banket !-
No dude , we got no blankets here . -
No Banket , dude , Banket in Zvimba .- [ background noise , whispering ] .. no , in Gwina ..
[ female voice screaming " lemme talk to that no - good judge " ] ...[ background noise ] ..
Hey H? - How Mug !-
H , listen , dude , Grace says it 's hers . -
Which one ?-
That farm .-
No dude , it 's mine !-
No , it 's hers !-
Hey , I seized it first .
I seized it from that white dude . -
She says ' no mind , I seize it from you '.-
But it 's mine , I seized it first !-
It no matter , she 's boss ' girl , she can seize all she can . -
But not from a me , I am a homie from your blingbling clan !-
No dude .
She seizes .-
But dude , I will sue her sorry ass !-
Which one ?- Grace's !-
Hey H , stay away from my woman 's ass !-
Dude , I will sue her sorry ass .
And yours too !-
No you can't !-
Yes I can .
I am the judge - man !-
You no judge man for long then !-
Yes I am .
I got that hammer thing !-
I will seize your hammer thing !
I can seize all , I can .
I seized the economy .
I seized the government .
I even seized the central bank , man .
Your hammer is mine .
Seized !- Nooooo [ whining ] do n't seize my hammer thing !
I only got one .
But I got 30 seized farms !-
Hammer mine .
Seized .
Should 've stayed away from my woman 's ass !-
But she seized my farm .-
No matter .
She like second layer seiz ... eh.. eh.. second layer seizer .
She seized the farm .
I seize your sorry ass .
And the hammer .- [ click ] ... More satire on The Road
Even those who applaud Mr. Steele ’s vision of a more inclusive Republican Party wonder if he can execute it .
“ Does he have the mettle to wage that type of fight ? ” asked Benjamin T. Jealous , the president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People .
Mr. Steele says that he does , but that he is entirely willing to risk failure .
“ I always found it interesting that people would cast aspersions on failure , as if it were a bad thing , ” he said .
For decades , top Republican officials have looked at Mr. Steele and seen the promise of minority votes .
He was recruited in the 1980s by Lee Atwater , a strategist who was the first of many excited by the charismatic , black Roman Catholic .
Outside politics , Mr. Steele struggled .
He tried the priesthood but left as a novice .
Later he practiced law for seven years in Washington ( after passing the Pennsylvania state bar , he said ) , then started a consulting firm that made so little money that he almost lost his home .
But in the weak Maryland Republican Party , in a state that is 30 percent black , Mr. Steele was an instant hero .
( The moment she saw him , said Joyce Terhes , the former state party chairwoman , she knew he was a keeper . )
He zoomed from volunteer to state chairman to running mate in a race for governor .
Before the 2002 election , The Baltimore Sun published an editorial saying that because of his lack of experience , Mr. Steele brought “ little to the team but the color of his skin , ” outraging him and his supporters .
Image Michael Steele in the television studio of the Republican National Committee in Washington .
Credit ... Stephen Crowley / The New York Times
When Mr. Steele became lieutenant governor , he found himself among the highest - ranking black Republicans in the country , instantly embraced by President George W. Bush and his allies .
Speaking to black groups , he was often the only Republican in the room , and in some Republican gatherings , the only African - American .
> {-# LANGUAGE Rank2 Types , ExistentialQuantification #-}
X
forall a .
( a -> X , a ) -> X
eval
> eval ( f , x ) = f x
f
forall a .
( a -> X , a ) -> X
g
f ( x , g y ) = f ( x . g , y )
f
forall a .
( a -> X , a ) -> X
X
a
a
f
a
a->X
f
h . eval
h
eval ( x , g y ) = eval ( x.g , y )
f
forall a .
( a -> X , [a ] ) -> X
f
g
f ( x , map g y ) = f(x . g , y )
[ a ]
fmap
a -> X
fmap
forall a .
S a a -> X
S
S a
S a b
b
a
> class Difunctor h where
> lmap :: ( b -> a ) -> h a c -> h b c
> rmap :: ( c -> d ) -> h a c -> h a d
lmap ( f . g ) = lmap g .
lmap f
rmap ( f . g ) = rmap f . rmap g
> data Ex1 x a b = Ex1 ( a -> x ) b
> instance Difunctor ( Ex1 x ) where
> lmap f ( Ex1 g x ) = Ex1 ( g . f ) x
> rmap f ( Ex1 g x ) = Ex1 g ( f x )
> data Ex2 x a b = Ex2 ( a -> x ) [ b ]
> instance Difunctor ( Ex2 x ) where
> lmap f ( Ex2 g x ) = Ex2 ( g . f ) x
> rmap f ( Ex2 g x ) = Ex2 g ( map f x )
> type DiNatural s x = forall a . ( s a a -> x )
f . lmap g == f . rmap g
s
g
lmap
rmap
X
f :: s a a -> X
s
f
g
f . lmap g == f . rmap g
s
Difunctor
X
DiNatural s X
f . fmap g = fmap g .
f
s
Y
i :: s a a -> Y
f :: s a a -> X
X
f = h . i
Y
s
( a -> X , a )
X
> data Coend s = forall a .
Coend ( s a a )
t
Coend ( Ex1 t )
> iso :: Coend ( Ex1 t ) -> t
> iso ( Coend ( Ex1 f x ) ) = f x
> iso ' :: t ->
Coend ( Ex1 t )
> iso' x = Coend ( Ex1 ( const x ) ( ) )
iso
iso '
forall a . s a a -> X
a
uncurry
Abstract nonsense warning : my goal here is simply to understand what the definition of a coend means in the context of Haskell .
Pick a type .
Let 's call it .
Now consider the typeWhat can we say about elements of this type ?
There 's an obvious example of such a function , that applies the first element of the pair to the second .
It 's also easy to construct others .
What property do they all share ?
Well there 's a nice way to answer this question .
We can use Janis Voigtländer 's Free Theorem Generator .
After a bit of simplification it tells us that ifis inthen for any compatibleWe can apply any function we like to the second argument and we get exactly the same result by pre-composing with the first argument .
This is a pretty strong property - it puts a big constraint on whatcan do .
It holds because any function of typemaps to a typethat makes no reference to the quantified .
It ca n't let any information about the typeescape .
And this means thathas to somehow eliminate an element ofand and element of .
There 's only one non-trivial way to do that : provide the former to the latter as a function argument .
Somust factor asfor some function .
The free theorem comes from the fact that .
Or , could be the constant function , but that still factors in the same way .
Let 's try something slightly more complex .
Consider the typeAgain we can ask the free theorem generator to give us a property .
We 're told that ifis of this type , then for any compatible
The crucial point this time is that in order to eliminate thewe have to useto apply the function of type .
So any function of this type must factor through , and that 's why the free theorem follows .
Now it 's time to put this in a more general framework .
We can write both of the above examples as elements of typewhereis some type constructor .
In both cases we also have thatis a functor .
But it 's also a cofunctor in its first argument .
Intuitively this says thatcontains or produces 's but consumes's .
Here 's a class to express this : ( I made up the word Difunctor . )
For ( co ) functoriality we insist on the lawsWe can make both of the examples above instances :
Our free theorems were essentially about this type : and in both cases the free theorem could be written as This is a highly non-trivial result .
Look at the preconditions for this theorem : they say something about each of the arguments toindividually .
And yet we deduce that the two arguments are in fact intimately connected .
We can applyusing eitherorand get the same result .
This property is known as dinaturality .
More precisely , if for some , whereis a difunctor , thenis dinatural if for all compatibleWe have this theorem : ifis an instance of theclass ( obeying its laws ) then for any , elements ofare dinatural .
( Compare with the definition of naturality : .) I 'm tempted to call this " Dinaturality for Free " but there 's already a paper by that name and I do n't know what it 's about .
And note that I only claim it 's a theorem .
I do n't actually know how to prove this uniformly for all difunctors , but I 'd stake a beer on it .
At least as long as we do n't do any weird haskell coding ( so our free theorems are always valid ) and as long as we restrict ourselves to functions that always terminate .
In the examples I gave above the reason why this holds is related to the fact that any function of the given type can be factored as something following an evaluation type function .
More generally , ifis a dinatural then if there is a single , and function , such that every function , for any , can be factored as , thenis said to be the coend of There are different approaches to computing a coend .
Above I 've used inspection .
The coend ofis .
But there 's also a kind of cheating approach where we can use an existential type to get the type uniformly for all dinaturals :
For an explanation of why that works , see Edward Kmett 's post on Kan Extensions .
For this example , this means we expect the typesandto be isomorphic .
Here is the isomorphism and its inverse : I 'll leave the proof thatandare mutual inverses to you .
I hope that gives some idea of what a coend is .
Informally it captures the method by which a dinatural transformation of typeis able to eliminate the quantified .
If you look through the Haskell libraries you 'll find many dinaturals ( or at least things that can be made dinatural through the use of ) .
This code and description was inspired by the discussion at nLab
You have already voted for this video .
Use the Power of a Condom to make one of the best pranks ever .
With the help of a water bottle you can leave ...
Use the Power of a Condom to make one of the best pranks ever .
With the help of a water bottle you can leave your victims wet .
Watch this video to find out how .
Narrated by " MEXI " the squirrel
William Zantzinger dies : inspired a Dylan song
** FILE ** In this Feb. 11 , 1963 file photo , William Zantzinger , 24 , left , of Mount Victoria , Md. , is led to city jail by two unidentified Baltimore policemen after he was ordered held without bail on homicide charges in Baltimore , Md. Zantzinger , a wealthy Maryland landowner whose fatal beating of a black barmaid was recounted in a Bob Dylan protest song of the 1960s , was buried Friday Jan. 9 , 2009 .
He died on Jan. 3 , 2009 .
He was 69 .
( AP Photo / File ) less ** FILE ** In this Feb. 11 , 1963 file photo , William Zantzinger , 24 , left , of Mount Victoria , Md. , is led to city jail by two unidentified Baltimore policemen after he was ordered held without bail on ... more Photo : AP Photo : AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close William Zantzinger dies : inspired a Dylan song 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
William Devereux Zantzinger , whose six - month sentence in the fatal caning of barmaid Hattie Carroll , a black woman , at a Baltimore charity ball moved Bob Dylan to write a dramatic song in 1963 that became a classic of modern American folk music , died on Jan .
3 . He was 69 .
His death was confirmed by an employee of the Brinsfield - Echols Funeral Home , who said Mr. Zantzinger 's family had prohibited the release of more details .
Dylan took some liberties with the truth in the almost journalistic song , " The Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll , " although there is disagreement over just how many .
He recorded it in 1964 for the Columbia album " The Times They Are A - Changin ' , " for some reason dropping the letter " t " from Mr. Zantzinger 's name .
It begins :
William Zanzinger killed poor Hattie Carroll
With a cane he twirled around his diamond ring finger
At a Baltimore hotel society gath ' rin ' .
The incident occurred on Feb. 8 , 1963 .
Mr. Zantzinger , a 24 - year - old Maryland tobacco farmer , and his wife , Jane , had stopped with friends at a restaurant on their way to Baltimore 's annual Spinsters ' Ball , a white - tie affair .
Mr. Zantzinger was wearing a top hat and carrying a toy cane he had picked up at a farm fair .
At the restaurant , he became disorderly , hitting employees with the cane , then left with his group after they were refused more drinks .
The party moved on to the ball , at the Emerson Hotel .
A recapitulation of the evening in the Washington Post Magazine in 1991 said Mr. Zantzinger had entered bellowing : " I just flew in from Texas !
Gimme a drink ! "
As the evening progressed , he hit several hotel employees with the cane and used racial epithets .
Time magazine said he pushed his wife to the floor .
He later strode to the bar and ordered a drink from Hattie Carroll , 51 .
But he said she was too slow and began criticizing her .
Then he repeatedly struck her with the cane .
Fleeing to the kitchen , she told co-workers that she felt " deathly ill . "
An ambulance was called .
Mr. Zantzinger was charged with disorderly conduct and released on $ 600 bail .
But on the morning of Feb. 9 , Carroll died of a stroke .
Now Mr. Zantzinger was charged with murder .
In the trial , Mr. Zantzinger testified that he could not remember hitting anyone .
His lawyers said Carroll 's stroke could have been caused by the hypertension she was known to have .
A three - judge court agreed that the caning alone could not have caused the death and reduced the charge to manslaughter .
Mr. Zantzinger was convicted in June , and in August he was sentenced to six months in prison .
On Aug. 29 , the New York Times published a dispatch by United Press International , reporting on the sentencing .
A friend of Dylan showed the singer the article .
Some accounts say he wrote the song at an all - night coffee shop on Seventh Avenue in Manhattan ; others that he wrote it at the singer Joan Baez 's house in Carmel .
The literary critic Christopher Ricks wrote a chapter about the song in his book , " Dylan 's Visions of Sin " ( 2004 ) , praising Dylan 's " exact control of each word . "
Clinton Heylin , in his book " Bob Dylan : Behind the Shades Revisited " ( 2001 ) , countered that the song " verges on the libelous " because of " its tenuous grasp of the facts of the case . "
One criticism was that Mr. Zantzinger 's " high office relations , " as Dylan called them , were overstated :
His father had been a one - term state legislator and a member of the Maryland planning commission .
The song did not mention that Carroll was black , although listeners made that correct assumption .
It also did not refer to the reduced charge of manslaughter , only the six - month sentence .
One error of fact in the song was that Carroll had 10 children ; she had 11 .
Critics suggested that 11 did not fit the meter .
Time magazine called Mr. Zantzinger " a rural aristocrat " who enjoyed fox - hunting .
He attended Sidwell Friends School in Washington and the University of Maryland .
The magazine Mother Jones reported in 2004 that he had worked alongside his farm employees , including blacks .
After prison , Mr. Zantzinger left the farm and went into real estate .
He sold antiques , became an auctioneer and owned a nightclub .
In 1991 , the Maryland Independent disclosed that Mr. Zantzinger had been collecting rent from black families living in shanties that he no longer owned ; Charles County , Md. , had foreclosed on them for unpaid taxes .
The shanties lacked running water , toilets or outhouses .
Not only had Mr. Zantzinger collected rent for properties he did not own , he also went to court to demand past - due rent , and won .
He pleaded guilty to 50 misdemeanor counts of deceptive trade practices , paid $ 62,000 in penalties and , under an 18 - month sentence , spent only nights in jail .
Information on Mr. Zantzinger 's survivors was unavailable .
Though Mr. Zantzinger long refused interviews , he did speak to the author Howard Sounes for his book " Down the Highway : The Life of Bob Dylan " ( 2001 ) , telling him of his scorn for Dylan .
" I should have sued him and put him in jail , " he said .
Though it has proven to be extremely useful in the modern world , plastic still has a number of negative selling points .
It is non-biodegradable and can contain carcinogens and other toxic substances that can cause cancer .
It is also based on petroleum , a non-renewable resource that will soon be harder to come by .
Increases in the price of crude oil leads to parallel rises in the price of plastics .
But there is a new chemical invention that could do away with these long - standing concerns .
Norbert Eisenreich , a senior researcher and deputy of directors at the Fraunhofer Institute for Chemical Technology ( ICT ) in Pfinztal , Germany , said his team of scientists have come up with a substance that could replace plastic : Arboform -- basically , liquid wood .
It is derived from wood pulp - based lignin and can be mixed with a number of other materials to create a strong , non-toxic alternative to petroleum - based plastics , Eisenreich said , as reported by DPA news agency .
Paper by - product
Household items could also be made from Arborform
This begs the question :
What exactly is liquid wood ?
" The cellulose industry separates wood into its three main components -- lignin , cellulose and hemicellulose , " ICT team leader Emilia Regina Inone - Kauffmann told DPA .
" The lignin is not needed in papermaking , however .
Our colleagues mix that lignin with fine natural fibers made of wood , hemp or flax and natural additives such as wax .
From this , they produce plastic granulate that can be melted and injection - moulded . "
The final product can resemble highly polished wood or have a more matted finish and look like the plastic used in most household items .
Reduced sulphur content
Car parts and other durable items made of this bio-plastic already exist , but the chemical had n't been suitable for household use until now , due to the high content of sulphurous substances used in separating the lignin from the cell fibers .
The German researchers were able to reduce the sulphur content in Arborform by about 90 percent , making it much safer for use in everyday items .
Bolstering Arboform 's environmental credentials , Eisenreich 's team also discovered that the substance was highly recyclable .
" To find that out , we produced components , broke them up into small pieces , and re-processed the broken pieces -- 10 times in all .
We did not detect any change in the material properties of the low - sulphur bio-plastic , so that means it can be recycled , " said Inone - Kauffmann .
One of our readers recently asked us to put up a list of cool gadgets one could add to Gmail using the Add gadget by URL feature in Gmail Labs , and like always we listen to our readers and have come up with a list of cool gadgets that you can add to your Gmail account .
In this series we will be covering different types of gadget you can use in your Gmail account , the list will be categorized for easier access to finding similar gadgets , we are kicking off the series , with the introduction of several Social Networking Gadgets for Gmail .
If you are not aware on how you can add custom gadgets to your Gmail account , refer to our earlier tutorial for adding custom gadgets to Gmail .
Twitter Gadget
If you are a Twitter user , there is a easy way to update your status and read your friends update , from right within the Gmail sidebar .
Twitter Gadget for Gmail adds the ability in Gmail to quickly update your status while you are checking your emails and respond to your friends tweets among other things .
Twitter Gadget URL : http://www.twittergadget.com/gadget_gmail.xml
Facebook Gadget
Facebook is the definitely one of the most popular social networking sites , and many Gmail users may definitely have a account in Facebook .
The Facebook Gadget for Gmail will allow you to view your friend requests , friend updates , photo updates and more within the comfort of your Gmail account .
Facebook Gadget URL : http://www.brianngo.net/ig/facebook.xml
MySpace Gadget
MySpace is another popular social networking site that can find some space in many users Gmail account .
To get MySpace alerts and keep up with your friends , try out the Mobile MySpace gadget for Gmail .
You will have to login to your MySpace account in order to be able to access the updates and friend updates .
MySpace Gadget URL : http://hosting.gmodules.com/ig/gadgets/file/100080069921643878012/myspace.xml
Friendfeed Gadget
Friendfeed is a social networking aggregator that aggregates data from various social networking sites into a single place , allowing you to easily follow your followers without having to go through multiple sites , if you are a Friendfeed user , you can easily view your update streams in the Gmail sidebar with the Friendfeed Gadget .
You will need to login to Friendfeed to be able to access your updates .
Friendfeed Gadget URL : http://friendfeed.com/embed/googlegadget/spec
Delicious Gadget
Delicious is a popular bookmarking service by Yahoo , if you are a delicious user , you can easily view all your bookmarks in the sidebar in Gmail , just add the My del.icio.us Gadget to Gmail and view the hot bookmark list or browse the ones you have bookmarked earlier .
All bookmarks open in a new window or tab .
My Del.icio.us Gadget URL : http://www.labpixies.com/campaigns/delicious/delicious.xml
Orkut Scrapbook Gadget
Orkut is one of the most popular social networking sites in India , the scrapbook in Orkut lets users instantly message friends .
If you are a Orkut user you can keep a eye on your Orkut scraps by using the Orkut Scrapbook Gadget , the gadget will display all the latest scraps in the Gmail sidebar .
Orkut Scrapbook Gadget URL : http://hosting.gmodules.com/ig/gadgets/file/105297062528314471242/doomer_orkut_scrapbook.xml
Digg Gadget
Digg is a place where you can find the most happening stories , if you do not want to spend time visiting Digg website to view the top stories , the official Digg gadget for Google will allow you to quickly view the top stories in News , Videos , Images and more .
You can also specify your username to view your friends updates .
Digg Gadget URL : http://digg.com/goog/ig.xml
Flickr Gadget
The Flickr Gadget will show you the most recent activity and the photos uploaded by you in the Gmail sidebar , click on a image to view it on a new page .
You may need to login to your Flickr account before you can see the updates in your Gmail sidebar .
Flickr Gadget URL : http://hosting.gmodules.com/ig/gadgets/file/100080069921643878012/flickr.xml
Do you think we missed any gadgets for Gmail in the social networking section ?
Which gadgets will you be using ?
Let us know about your views through your comments .
In the next post in the series we will be covering some really useful and time - saving utility gadgets , so keep tuned for more .
PR
プログラミング言語Rubyを国際標準とする作業が進んでいる。独立行政法人
情報処理推進機構( IPA）オープンソフトウェア・センターは，Ruby標準化検討ワーキンググループを設置，2008年末から会合を行っている。委員長にはまつもとゆきひろ氏の恩師でもある筑波大学名誉教授
COINSコンパイラ・インフラストラクチャ協会理事長
中田育男氏が就任。標準仕様草案作成はまつもと氏が在籍するネットワーク応用通信研究所が担当する。2009年の前半には標準仕様の草案を作成し，最終的にはISO（国際標準化機構）に提案する予定だ。中田氏とまつもと氏に，標準化の目的や進め方を聞いた。
標準化検 討WG委員長 筑波大学名誉教授 中田育男氏（左），まつもとゆきひろ氏（右） [ 画像のクリックで拡大表示 ]
標準化の目的は 。
中田氏： Rubyは日本で作られ，世界で使われている初めての言語だ。このような言語は今まで存在しなかった。だからこれを国際規格として提案したい，というのが目的だ。
まつもと氏： 電子政府のシステム でRubyを採用するにはオープンな規格が必要，ということも理由だ。政府調達では特定のソフトウエアを指定することは原則としてできない。
またここ数年，JRubyやIronRubyなど複数のRuby実装が作られるようになってきたこともある。これらの間で互換性を確保するためにTestSuiteが細々としてやってきたが，人間が読む仕様書があっていい。仕様を作っていくなかでその不備が見つかり，品質が高まる，といったこともあるかもしれない。
コミュニティとの関係は。
まつもと氏： 突然標準化を始めて勝手に決めていると言われないようにしたい。途中でも決まったことは公開してフィードバックしていく。
2008 年11月に行われたRuby Conference 2008 では ，Rubinius のEvan Phoenix氏 ，JRuby のCharles Nutter氏 とThomas Eenebo氏，IronRuby のJohn Lam氏 , MacRuby のLaurent Sansonetti氏，MaglevのMonty Williams氏といったRuby実装の開発者，Rubyの仕様をまとめているRubySpecのBrian Ford氏に会って話をし，標準化について理解してもらった。
まつもと氏が筑波大学情報学類で中田氏のプログラミング言語研究室に在籍していた際は，どういう学生だったか。
中田氏： 学生の頃から言語を作りたいと言っていて，卒業研究でもプログラミング言語を作っていた。その意志がずっと継続してRubyを作り上げたことは素晴らしい。
Welcome to
Frontier Polymers
Hi there , we ’re Frontier Polymers !
The company behind the enchanting collections of Traffic Safety Products .
Water filled crash barrier systems , Collision absorbers , Economical barriers & traffic cones , Anti-glare screens , Flexible posts , Rubber and plastic speed bumps , Rubber parking blocks and corner guards , Convex mirrors , Wall protectors , whatever Traffic Safety product you need for your project , we have it here .
Just give us a call .
Or drop us a message .
Read More
Home buyers are cheering the latest interest rate cut , but for savers it is more bad news .
The Press spoke to two Christchurch people hit by falling interest on their savings .
Rebecca Taylor , 28 , a graphic designer , began saving in 2003 after returning from Britain .
After Reserve Bank Governor Alan Bollard 's decision yesterday to cut the official cash rate ( OCR ) to 3 per cent , her money is earning less than ever .
Her primary saving motivation was to buy a house .
However , she estimates that with the OCR plummeting over the past year , she is losing more than $ 1000 a year .
" I was bringing in over $ 225 a month in interest , and now it is down to just over $ 100 .
It 's quite a drop , " Taylor said .
" This latest cut just makes me a little more unsure of what to do with my savings .
" Even though I have a deposit , will I even be able to gain a mortgage ?
Should I look at investing it ?
" In the current climate of economic uncertainty this is a scary thought and , personally , I do n't see it as an option for me at the moment .
The third option is : keep my money in the bank and just wait and see . "
She is favouring the third option , while monitoring the property market .
Craig Myles , director of Myles Wealth Management , said Taylor was safer keeping money in the bank , particularly if she intended to use it to buy property .
" The key question to ask is what is the purpose of the money and if a person has a near - term purpose such as looking to buy a property , then they need to keep their money in an asset that is likely to perform over the near term and that 's probably most likely to be in the bank .
" Anything else and you have uncertainty about what the value of the investment might be in two years ' time .
So , for example , buying a negotiable fixed - interest security is not the right thing to do because the price of that security might change over that two - year period , and that includes government bonds and local authority stock , for example . "
So , should people invest in property now ?
" That depends on the individual 's circumstances , but if someone is looking to buy a house , which we would n't regard as an investment , more of a lifestyle asset , clearly houses are getting cheaper , " Myles said .
" Whether they will get cheaper again , there is a lot of speculation .
" Mortgage rates will be at all - time lows over coming months and that 'll be part of people 's considerations . "
Peter Little , 78 , a retired doctor , set up the renal unit in Christchurch in the 1970s .
However , at the end of the decade he went to work overseas to build up a retirement nest egg .
He has returned to New Zealand to enjoy his retirement but the drop in the cash rate and subsequent interest rate drop have hit his finances .
" It 's frustrating .
We were urged to save and we saved for our retirement and it was reasonably comfortable and because of other people 's greed , we 're now running into problems .
" All my bank deposits are now earning less than inflation which means my disposable income has reduced considerably and now I have to plan carefully and start using capital .
I know on my bank deposits the interest rate has about halved in the last four months . "
He planned to keep money in the bank and , eventually , look at buying shares to offset the effect of inflation .
Retirement Commissioner Diana Crossan warned investors to " do their homework " before putting their cash into finance products offering high rates of return .
" In this low interest rate environment , people need to look beyond the advertising as new investment offers come onto the market .
" Do n't be blinded by the offer of a high return . "
All investments carried a level of risk , she cautioned .
On Dec. 22 , a holding wall at a waste pond at Tennessee Valley Authority 's Kingston Fossil Plant in Harriman , Tenn. , collapsed , dumping more than a billion gallons of slurry over more than 300 acres , in what some are calling the largest environmental disaster in US history .
But what exactly is this stuff , and what effects will it have on the environment ?
The sludge was a mixture of water and fly ash , a residue that is captured in the chimneys of coal - fired power plants .
Fly ash is distinguished from bottom ash , which is removed from the bottom of the furnace .
Fly ash is mostly made of fine , hollow , glassy particles of silica , the most abundant mineral in the earth 's crust , as well as aluminum oxide , iron oxide , and lime , a white crystalline solid that humans have used for thousands of years .
When airborne , some of types of silica particles have been found to be potentially harmful to people 's lungs .
But more worrisome are the trace concentrations of toxic metals – including arsenic , lead , barium , and chromium – that scientists think may damage the liver and nervous system and cause cancer .
The ash also contains uranium and thorium , both radioactive elements .
Ounce for ounce , fly ash delivers more radiation into the environment than shielded nuclear waste .
In the past , fly ash was simply belched out of smokestacks and into the air , but this practice halted with increased clean - air regulations and the discovery in the 1930s that the ash was useful in making cement .
Since then , the ash has been deposited in surface impoundments , where it is stored in dry form or , as with the Kingston Fossil Plant , combined with water to form a gray gooey sludge .
In 2000 , following an accidental release of 306 million gallons of waste from coal mining that befouled rivers and soil in Eastern Kentucky , the Environmental Protection Agency recommended that coal waste be regulated as a hazardous substance .
The agency backed down in the face of industry opposition , agreeing instead to issue federal guidelines for disposal .
These guidelines were never issued .
[ Eoin 's note :
The original version mischaracterized the materials spilled in Kentucky . ]
The much - larger TVA spill , which is estimated to be 40 times bigger in volume than the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska , has flowed into the Emory and Clinch Rivers , tributaries of the Tennessee River .
Local news media report that dead fish now line the banks of the Clinch near the site of the spill .
Authorities say that they have found elevated arsenic levels in water near the spill , but they maintain that the local tap water is safe because arsenic and other potentially toxic elements are removed during water treatment .
They have , however , cautioned against drinking well water in the area .
The New York Times , which has been covering this story extensively , found that in a single year , the Kingston plant 's byproducts include " 45,000 pounds of arsenic , 49,000 pounds of lead , 1.4 million pounds of barium , 91,000 pounds of chromium and 140,000 pounds of manganese . "
According to the Times , local residents have faulted authorities for failing to release more results of water and soil samples .
So far , officials have released results for only two samples , both taken from drinking water upstream of the spill , which was deemed safe .
According to The Tennessean , officials said that the magnitude of the spill could qualify it to become a federally declared Superfund site .
These statements suggest that the cleanup process , which has already begun , could take years to complete .
The paper notes that the Kingston plant continues to operate , with the fly ash being sent to one of the two remaining containment ponds .
Tuesday at GDC Microsoft announced a number of upcoming additions to Games for Windows , including stronger protection against piracy , as well as some nifty features to make playing your PC games simpler if you have multiple systems .
There will also be storefront support added so publishers can add sales directly into their game .
Drew Johnston , the product unit manager for the Windows Gaming Platform , and Dave Luehmann , GM for Microsoft Game Studios , described to Ars what these updates will entail .
You can call it whatever you want — as long as you do n't call it DRM .
" What we have is anti-piracy measures we 've put in place .
I would n't quite categorize it as DRM , " Johnston tells Ars .
" We have zero - day piracy protection — this helps reduce the leakage of IP before release .
The bits are encrypted , and there is a one - time activation that checks to see if the game has been released or not , and we 'll send out a decrypt code so the game can be played . "
So if you download a leaked version of a game , or even have a boxed copy that was sold prematurely , you wo n't be able to play until the game is unlocked online .
This does n't help after the game is released ; the technology will only keep early copies from being enjoyed .
" We 've heard from publishers that preauthorized release before streetdate can ... they can lose half the sales , the revenue of the game .
This is specifically aimed at helping reduce that for the publisher . "
Johnston is incredibly understanding when it comes to gamers downloading early versions of this game , which is a striking change from the demonizing you hear from most in the industry .
" They want to buy the game , they 're not pirates , these are n't evil people .
They just really want to play the game .
If we can just keep that excitement until street date , they 'll actually buy .
That 's what we want to provide . "
The second part of this protection is making sure there is a license attached to each account , via server - side authentication .
You can sign in and play your game on as many systems as possible , but you have to have a license attached to your account .
Of course , this only works for online games , and is relatively useless for offline titles .
" You can install on as many systems as you want ... whereever you want to , " Johnston says .
The game simply authenticates whenever you log into the online servers .
" This is really IP protection , " he says , admitting that DRM is a dirty word .
" Whereas traditionally DRM is really about copy protection , what we 're trying to do is license protection , " Johnston clarifies .
" Make as many copies as you want ! " Luehmann stresses .
They tell the story of a publisher who says they'd be the first person to put the game on BitTorrent .
" If you can't play the game without a license , it solves my distribution service , I do n't care , " they quote their source as saying .
This again only works with online games , but it 's funny to think of publishers encouraging gamers to get the game via BitTorrent , as long as they buy a key .
Game saves will also soon be saved in the cloud , so you can play , save your game at one location , and pick it up at another .
There will be the ability to sell in - game items directly through the games .
Does this sound like any other PC gaming platform you know ?
" We obviously pay attention to what Steam is doing ... in some cases we do compete with Steam , and in some areas we'd love to see them continue to do what they 're doing . "
They both stress that Steam is great for the Windows Gaming ecosystem .
" From a Windows platform perspective ?
Steam is fantastic . "
I ask about Games for Windows , and Games for Windows Live being more deeply integrated into Windows 7 to get gameplay entwined into the OS .
" Say hello to my friend , the Department of Justice , " Luehmann says , laughing darkly .
Suspected plot to disrupt G20 summit follows warnings by police that protesters are planning to bring London to standstill
Five people have been arrested in connection with a suspected plot to use explosives made from fireworks to disrupt the G20 summit .
The three men , aged 25 , 19 and 16 , and two women , both 20 , all live in Plymouth and the surrounding area .
They are political activists unaffiliated to any terrorist organisation , and were arrested at addresses in Plymouth .
They are being held under terrorism legislation .
The explosive devices were made from simple fireworks , police said .
Paul Netherton , Devon and Cornwall assistant chief constable , said imitation handguns and an imitation Kalashnikov , as well as devices made from fireworks , had been seized .
The deactivated weapons were " not major " and " probably not even lethal " .
Officers said they were investigating the possibility the group planned to attend the G20 summit , which they described as an " obvious line of inquiry " .
A police source told the Guardian that initial inquiries indicate the five were " not planning a Guy Fawkes plot " .
" I think it was more designed to disrupt than injure or kill , " the source said .
Scotland Yard has issued warnings in recent days that protesters are planning to bring the capital to a standstill this week in potentially violent protests scheduled to coincide with the arrival of world leaders for the summit .
So far , however , protests associated with the summit have been peaceful .
Netherton said the investigation was sparked when the 25 - year - old man was arrested for spray - painting on a wall in Plymouth city centre .
He would not comment on the nature of the graffiti .
Police searched the man 's flat in Plymouth , and found imitation firearms , improvised explosives made of fireworks , and " material related to political ideology " .
Asked to clarify the nature of the material , Netherton said : " It 's political , it relates to political organisations , it 's not extreme but it 's a different political view .
It leads to motives and things like that . "
He confirmed that one of the arrested people was an international student but would not comment on where that suspect studied .
The remaining four are all British nationals .
Asked about the potential scale of damage that could be caused by the weapons and devices discovered , Netherton said : " These are imitation firearms , the other devices were made of simple fireworks – they 're probably not lethal .
But I can't comment .
Fireworks do have an explosive component to them but of a minor nature . "
Devon and Cornwall police said the five , who were arrested between Friday and Sunday , were being held for offences under the Terrorism Act .
A police statement said : " As the search progressed officers found a number of weapons and suspected imitation weapons as well as material relating to political ideology .
Also found were suspicious devices that were seized and submitted for forensic examination . "
After investigations on Sunday , a 19 - year - old man was arrested .
Other addresses were searched during the weekend in the Plymouth area and further searches are being considered .
Police said they would be applying for warrants of further detention this afternoon .
Police stressed that inquiries indicated there was no religious element to the investigation , and that those involved were political activists .
They are not believed to be part of a national or larger operation .
Assistant chief constable Sharon Taylor said : " I would reassure local people and residents of Devon , Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly that they are not at any risk , and these arrests would appear to be isolated at this time .
Those arrested people will remain in custody while further inquiries take place . "
A Scotland Yard spokesman said : " The Met has been in liaison with Devon and Cornwall police regarding their ongoing investigation into five people arrested over the weekend .
We would stress that the investigation is at a very early stage and that speculation regarding the capability , intention or motivation of those arrested is unhelpful .
At the current time we have no information to suggest a change to the threat picture facing either the demonstrations or G20 . "
Rory McCarthy reports from Gaza City on the individual stories of some victims and the physical and psychological toll on an estimated 350,000 youngsters
Amira Qirm lay on a hospital bed today with her right leg in plaster , and held together by a line of steel pins dug deep into her skin .
For several days after her operation Amira , 15 , was unable to speak , and even now talks only in a low whisper .
In her past are bitter memories : watching her father die in the street outside their home , then hearing another shell land and kill her brother Ala'a , 14 , and her sister Ismat , 16 , and then the three days that she spent alone , injured and semi-conscious , trying to stay alive in a neighbour 's abandoned house before she could be rescued last Sunday .
Ahead of her , she has a long recovery .
First there is an imminent flight to France for the best possible medical treatment , many more operations and then months of rehabilitation and psychiatric care .
Only now , after most of the dead have been buried , is the first properly researched reckoning of the toll emerging .
What already stands out is the striking cost borne by the children of Gaza , who make up more than half of the 1.5 million people living in this overcrowded strip of land .
The Palestinian death toll after three weeks of Israel 's war was 1,285 , according to the Palestinian Centre for Human Rights , or 1,268 , according to the al - Mezan Human Rights Centre .
Among those dead were at least 280 children .
The impact will be felt by many more for years to come .
Among the more than 4,000 people injured more than a quarter were children , some left with severe disabilities .
The Gaza Community Health Programme estimates that half Gaza 's children – around 350,000 – will develop some form of post - traumatic stress disorder .
Amira Qirm , who lived in Tel al - Hawa , the scene of some of the heaviest fighting in Gaza City , is among the few in line to receive medical treatment abroad .
Already she has a dream to fulfil once she returns to Gaza .
" I want to be a lawyer , " she said today , " and to stand in court facing the Israelis for what they have done . "
Most of the other children will have to make do with treatment in Gaza .
Last week some psychologists were walking through the ruins of a house in Atatra , talking to a boy from the Abu Halima family who had lost his father , three brothers and an infant sister in a horrific fire after an Israeli phosphorus shell hit the house .
" The problem is they are not feeling safe even in their own homes , on the streets , in the mosques , " said Ehassan Afifi , the psychologist .
" This boy is seeing what happened as if it is an endless movie .
The physically affected can be operated on , sometimes cured .
But these mental problems may lead to problems for the rest of their lives . "
Israel has consistently rejected international criticism that its forces used excessive and indiscriminate firepower .
Asked about the criticisms , the prime minister , Ehud Olmert , said in an interview yesterday in the Israeli paper Ma'ariv that the mental health of the children of southern Israel had suffered in recent years .
He added : " So now there is talk about Israel 's cruelty .
When you win , you automatically hurt more than you 've been hurt .
And we did n't want to lose this campaign .
What did you want , for hundreds of our soldiers to die ?
That , after all , was the alternative . "
On the Israeli side 13 died in this conflict , three of them civilians .
In total in the past eight years , 20 people in Israel have died from rocket and mortar attacks launched by militants in Gaza .
Halting this rocket fire was Israel 's primary goal and for the last few days , at least , it has achieved its aim .
But Eyad al - Sarraj , a prominent psychiatrist who leads the Gaza community health programme , said that years of violence in Gaza had only fostered radicalism among its young people , who have seen their fathers humiliated and now left defenceless .
His organisation is training 1,000 ­people to spread out across Gaza to offer help with grief and mourning and to pass serious cases on to professional therapists .
Already there were reports , he said , of children bed - wetting , stuttering , falling mute , having trouble sleeping , becoming violent or restless and losing their appetites .
The difference between this war and the uprisings , like the first intifada of the late 1980s , was that whereas there was once a frontline , with tanks near the border , now the bombing and artillery reached deep inside Gaza 's urban areas and into the homes of ordinary families .
" Yes , we have developed a coping strategy but we are still frightened of the Israelis doing this again and again , " said al - Sarraj .
" The devastation is a reminder of what the Israelis will do .
You need to give children a protective environment and give a chance to the fathers to regain their status as protectors and providers by giving them jobs and homes to live in …
This is a massive , man -made disaster and we have to tackle the results . "
What is apparent is the depth of farmers ' desperation about it .
Repeatedly , I hear them talk about loss of f reedom .
I 've taken " loss of freedom " as an expression of outrage at the bureaucratizing of farming , or a way of talking about huge governmental overreach , or as use of conservative or libertarian language to describe loss of personal or democratic or constitutional rights .
Symbolic speech , poetic speech .
But somewhere in the midst of trying to explain to someone how much was at stake and why farmers refuse to compromise because it would be acceding to something that can't in any way be acceded to , something clicked .
I was in the midst of trying to convey why the effort to stop the bills in Congress now ( and still coming ) must be centrally focused on farmers themselves and not on other people 's food , when I found myself saying ( in essence )
In the simplest terms , the bills enslave farmers to an industrial system ( having to do its bidding or face penalties and prison so severe they function as whips ) that will demand purchase and application of petrochemicals and drugs , rendering the farmers not only slaves but paying slaves ( or else giving up ) and the land and animals poisoned and / or genetically engineered .
Given that a hidden form of enslavement is at stake , it 's reasonable for farmers to look for reassurance that no accidental acceptance of any portion of those bills will happen .
It was only after writing it that I was jerked up by my own words and suddenly experienced them as neither symbolic nor hyperbole .
It struck me then that we are in fact looking at a new form of slavery .
I have always assumed that slavery was an historic event which we have rejected now morally and have made changes in law to codify .
I see our cultural repulsion at continuing forms of slavery as a sign of civilization having learned lessons about slavery and being committed now to stopping it wherever it still exists ( even if it is hard to do ) .
So , it was not easy to recognize that bills being introduced are an actual form of enslavement of a whole class of people .
A new form .
What other word would people use to describe controls imposed on people that define work they must perform , down to the most extreme detail , or suffer penalties as high as $ 500,000 and ten years in prison for mere infractions ?
I 've been writing variations on those words for sometime .
Why did it take so long for the light to dawn ?
NAIS is more than bad , it is more than terrible , it is more than insane - it is astoundingly immoral .
It is slavery .
And along with NAIS come " best farming practices " which would force a person on their own land ( though it is not clear that the land is not being stolen away , too ) to feed their own animals what the government determined , to treat them medically as the government determines , to spray the land as and when and with what the government determines .
And animals are not supposed to be on the same farm as crops .
For anyone who knows the least thing about farming and the wholeness of it and the value of manure and the help chickens give in eating bugs in a vegetable garden , or goats give as they eat back ivy , or pigs naturally give as turn over soil that can used for planting , the wrench of such utter nonsense is extreme .
But for a farmer to be commanded to do the very things that would destroy his farm - a place he knows intimately , the workings of which he lives moment to moment in sensitivity to his animals and crops , the lifetime of learning from those who know and from his own experience of each particular - is why this is slavery .
Perhaps if it were only applied to one aspect of someone 's life , it might be called tyranny , but because what is being proposed comes down on farmers where they live and on what they do and on all they own and on what defines them as people , it is deeper than " mere " tyranny .
It is theft of all meaning and reduction to operating against one 's will , against one 's knowledge , against one 's land , against one 's animals , against one 's needs , against one 's being .
And within this enslavement by which the farmer is mandated to perform tasks that undo all animal husbandry and all needs of the soil and plants , he is also required to purchase inputs ( feed , drugs , sprays ... and likely GMO seeds will be chosen as well ) so he is not only a slave but forced to pay the ones who enslaved him , for products he specifically would avoid .
We are used to seeing things in a familiar shape - slavery as a black man in chains , imperialism as foreigners on someone else 's soil and ruling by guns and fiat .
So , it is easy to be fooled that what is happening in agriculture is no relation to this but even progress .
But today , globalization is a new kind of master with immense power .
Its " plantations " are decentralized small farms scattered around the world and its involuntary " taxes " are levied through forced repurchase of seeds and biotech contract agreements and its plantation managers are lawyers with briefcases and its agents are thugs who spy on farmers and rough them up or the state itself which keeps them in line not through whips but through demanding they record their every move on computers and punishes and breaks and even kills them with prison or debt .
Shall we strip away our familiar templates and recognize that there " food safety " bills are the strangest lies because we are looking at multinational corporations as true totalitarian masters actually setting up to take over the land from farmers and control them as thoroughly as slaves were ever controlled , threatening their lives and all they hold dear if they do not obey .
But it has been such a slick thing how these masters present themselves - in boardrooms , with our politicians , running our agencies , in our courts , in science laboratories - that we miss the brutal , ugly , cruel , immoral reality .
What elements push a game beyond mere goodness and into greatness ?
To this author , PC games are best when they deliver a transcendent gaming experience that is possible only with the aid of a personal computer :
They do n't simulate board or card games , reproduce real - world sports , or try to approximate movies .
They are an art form unto themselves .
I surveyed dozens of PC game developers , asking them to share their picks for the ten greatest PC titles of all time .
In addition to weighing their opinions , I took into account factors such as influence , innovation , design , and replay value .
To be considered , a game must have achieved most of its prominence on a PC platform .
( This explains why Tetris , for example , did n't make the cut :
It was clearly the Nintendo Game Boy 's killer app ) .
I defined a " PC " as any consumer computer that has a keyboard the user can program with arbitrary code -- not just a PC of the IBM variety .
If you 're into PC games , check out " 15 Reasons PC Gaming Beats All , " too .
And if you want to stay current with the latest games , tune into PC World 's ace gaming blog , Game On .
Without further ado , here are our ten greatest PC games of all time , counting down from Number 10 , Trade Wars 2002 .
LAS VEGAS -- Java developers weigh in on the potential IBM - Sun merger , saying they have some concerns about the future of the Java platform should IBM take control of Sun .
In a keynote speech at TheServerSide Java Symposium ( TSSJS ) here on March 19 , Rod Johnson , CEO and founder of SpringSource , asked : " What does it mean if IBM buys Sun ?
From a technology perspective in enterprise Java , it no longer matters . "
Johnson said you have to look at the longer term forces shaping the Java platform .
Java started out as a simple language and then gained a reputation for complexity , which caused a backlash of revolt from the likes of people such as Johnson and others who fought for lighter - weight solutions such as the Spring Framework , " despite the incumbents kicking and screaming and denying this was a problem -- namely Sun and IBM . "
Johnson quipped that " the parents of the old enterprise Java complexity are finally getting married , but it no longer matters .
IBM and Sun are no longer critical to innovation in the enterprise Java arena ...
Java must get lighter .
Java must offer a more joined up experience .
Java must advance into the new world of the cloud and big developer productivity .
If Java does not make a big move to the cloud then Java will become a legacy platform . "
Moreover , Johnson said a merge between IBM and Sun will undoubtedly slow down innovation .
" And it will give IBM a stronger gun in its battle with competitors like Oracle , because Oracle does n't have a true open - source strategy . "
Ted Neward , founder of Neward & Associates , and a developer who is adept in both Java and .
Net , said of the potential merger , " It would certainly bring us down to two major players on the Java side : IBM and Oracle .
Sun has historically been relatively mobile being a much smaller company , where IBM has not .
There 's a concern that IBM likes to create these ' boil the ocean ' kinds of solutions , and what Java needs is not more overhead .
A lot of it depends on what IBM does with Sun .
If they leave the JCP [ Java Community Process ] alone and let Sun be Sun , that would give
Sun the resources to allow Java to better compete with .
Net .
Because that 's their real competition . "
Or , Neward said , IBM could simply mire Java and create a split between the open - source community and the rest of the IBM space .
However , " if they treat [ Java ] like they have treated Eclipse it could be good .
But IBM could wind up having six different JVM [ Java Virtual Machine ] implementations .
But look at it this way ... IBM buying Sun or Sun going bankrupt ?
I know which choice I want . "
Eugene Ciurana , a Java expert , author and director of systems infrastructure at LeapFrog Enterprises , said , " If it happens I think it 's a good thing for Sun to get out of the doldrums they 've been in for the last several years .
There have been a lot of misfires .
But I 'm not sure IBM is good for Java .
Every time IBM has bought a company that was in a leadership position , that company seems to have lost market share .
I 'm also not too sure about IBM as the leader of the JCP .
The JCP has never had the democracy that an open - source community has had , because Sun could always bring down the hammer on any opposition .
IBM has an even bigger hammer .
IBM will not be able to resist the temptation to start imposing its objectives on the JCP . "
Indeed ,
Sun 's handling of the JCP , which oversees the maintenance and future of the Java platform , has been roundly criticized for years for not being a true democracy with Sun as its leader .
In fact , SpringSource 's Johnson once criticized the JCP for behaving like a " Russian commissar . "
Bruce Snyder , an enterprise Java expert and committer to several Apache Software Foundation projects , said , " Although many have lost faith in the JCP , this is one area where a new steward could really breathe new life into Java .
Given the standoff between Sun and the ASF , a new approach is definitely needed .
Whether IBM has its eye on this I have no idea . "
Jeff Genender , also an enterprise Java expert and Apache project committer , said : " I am against the IBM - Sun deal .
Although IBM has been an open - source - friendly organization , they have not been the speediest when it comes to keeping their Java technologies up - to - date .
Their Java suites -- such as WAS [ IBM's WebSphere Application Server ] always seem to be the last to get the new stuff , and their JDKs [ Java Development Kits ] seem to be updated last .
My fear is they would hold back innovation in support of their own client needs including making hooks into the JVM to support their own products .
As for competition , I think this deal would be bad .
Not only do I believe the Java community would be hurt , but the server market would become a bit tighter and that playing field would be altered as well .
I do hope the DOJ [ U.S. Department of Justice ] takes a good look at this . "
I ’ve gone on and on before about how much I like Objective - C and especially , how well it plays with C++.
Mixing the two is a pleasure , and it ’s often hard to remember where one stops and the other one starts .
So much so that sometimes I catch myself calling C++ member functions like this [ self myFunction : param ] ; .
Oops .
It is true that Objective - C can be a bit more verbose than plain C++ , but it more than makes up for it with named parameters ( which increase readability a huge amount ) , and not having to duplicate many things between header and implementation files .
Yet , even though I like Objective - C so much , there was one last , really annoying feature that was preventing perfect interop between C++ and Objective - C. Something so simple , yet so fundamental , that it really got in the way .
Something that would n’t allow me to write something as simple as this :
@interface MyView : UIView { // ... SingleTouchEvent m_singleTouchEvent ; }
SingleTouchEvent is a custom C++ class .
There ’s nothing wrong with that right ?
There should n’t .
But if you try and compile it , you ’ll get this warning :
warning : type ` SingleTouchEvent ' has a user - defined constructor warning : C++ constructors and destructors will not be invoked for Objective - C fields
Some of you might be saying , no big deal , you can dynamically allocate objects and have their constructors called as usual .
That ’s true , but I hate allocating objects on the heap just because of something like this .
My preference is always to make them member variables if I can .
It ’s faster , more efficient , less error prone , and easier to read .
Needless to say , this was bugging the hell out of me .
I looked all over the build options in case there was some setting I could toggle to enable C++ constructors to be called , but no luck .
I did a bit more research , and lo and behold , it turns out there is a custom setting you can pass directly to gcc to do exactly that !
It ’s nowhere in the XCode settings GUI , so you have to enter it by hand .
Go to Project | Info , and in the Custom Settings section , enter the following : GCC_OBJC_CALL_CXX_CDTORS = YES
With that setting enabled , Objective - C and C++ now play together better than ever !
Without any barriers to writing new code in Objective -C , I expect it will slowly ( or maybe not so slowly ) replace C++ as my main language of choice for future projects .
The submarine 's atomic propulsion system was reportedly not damaged Two US navy vessels have collided in the Strait of Hormuz near Iran , lightly injuring 15 sailors , the US navy said .
A nuclear - powered submarine , the USS Hartford , and amphibious transporter the USS New Orleans collided early on Friday , the US Navy Fifth Fleet said .
The incident is being investigated and damage to both ships is being evaluated , a navy statement said .
The New Orleans ' fuel tank was ruptured in the crash , causing a spill of 25,000 gallons ( 90,000 litres ) of diesel .
No injuries were reported aboard the New Orleans , according to the statement from the Fifth Fleet , which is based in Bahrain .
The US military said there was some damage to the USS Hartford 's sail , the tower structure on the top of the submarine .
But the atomic propulsion system of the submarine was not damaged by the incident , the statement said .
' No disruption ' SHIPS IN COLLISION USS HARTFORD Length : 110 m ( 362ft ) Breadth : 10 m ( 33ft ) Displacement : 6,900 tonnes Crew : 145 USS NEW ORLEANS Length : 208.5 m ( 684ft ) Breadth : 31.9 m ( 105 ft ) Displacement : 24,900 tonnes Crew : 361 Source : US Dept of Defense
The navy said both vessels were on regularly scheduled deployments to the region and conducting security operations .
" Both ships are currently operating under their own power , " said the statement .
Shipping was not disrupted in the strait after the incident , the navy added .
" There is no disruption to shipping traffic in the strait .
Both ships are operating under their own power and have passed through the strait , " said Lieutenant Nathan Christensen , a Fifth Fleet spokesman .
In 2008 , more than 15 million barrels of oil were transported through the Strait of Hormuz every day , equivalent to about 40 % of seaborne oil traded globally .
The incident comes a month after a British nuclear submarine was involved in a collision with a French nuclear sub in the middle of the Atlantic .
HMS Vanguard and Le Triomphant were badly damaged in the crash in heavy seas .
Both the UK and France insisted nuclear security had not been compromised by that collision .
The US Fifth Fleet , working alongside US Naval Forces Central Command , patrols an area of about 7.5 million square miles of sea in the Middle East and eastern Africa .
The area covers the coasts of 27 countries and includes the Gulf , Red Sea , Gulf of Oman and parts of the Indian Ocean , as well as the important shipping lanes of the Strait of Hormuz , the Gulf of Aden and the Suez Canal .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When the leader of a nation makes an important change , the belief is that most citizens will support and echo their decision .
Microsoft is hoping that wo n't be the case in Asia , after the Prime Minister of India abandoned his Microsoft Outlook account in favor of open - source email .
The Indian leader voiced his concern over the vulnerabilities of his Outlook account following a nasty computer virus that caused massive disruptions when sending / receiving emails containing important ( and at times , crucial ) information .
The Indian Central Information Commission admitted to the change , stating that a number of email messages were " sent , but not received when using Outlook Express and therefore the Prime Minister 's account was discontinued . "
SquirrelMail Preferred Over Outlook
The new email service of choice for the Indian PM is SquirrelMail , a browser - based email program that supports IMAP and SMTP : two standards for Internet email communication .
Launched in 1999 , SquirrelMail is licensed under the GNU General Public License .
( Source : twine.com )
The change is rough publicity for Microsoft , made worse by the fact that India has a population of almost 1.15 billion people .
If many heed their PM 's negative " outlook " on Outlook , expect Microsoft to suffer a big loss in popularity .
3 - Month Gap Between Detection and Repair
Microsoft did receive some good news , however , after it was revealed that most of the missing and unanswered emails reached back into 2008 .
Analysts are now asking why it took so long for government intelligence to detect and repair the problem , especially since the emails were said to be of dire importance .
Many have gone so far as to accuse the Indian Prime Minister of only having an Outlook account for show , so as to appear more tech - savvy than he actually is .
( Source : theregister.co.uk )
Indian government officials did not offer a rebuttal explaining the gap in time between detecting and repairing the virus .
PEOPLE in a committed romantic relationship actually avert their eyes from attractive members of the opposite sex without even being aware they are doing it , a study has found .
This unconscious attentional bias probably evolved to help men and women stay in monogamous relationships , which tend to have a reproductive advantage in humans , researchers at Florida State University say .
In a series of experiments , the team of psychologists found participants who were married or living together monogamously turned their attention away from images of attractive members of the opposite sex .
Immediately before being shown the faces , they were " primed " to activate or elicit mental pictures associated with mating .
The lead author , Jon Maner , a psychologist , said the reaction of looking away was automatic and occurred within the first few hundred milliseconds of seeing the good - looking person .
In contrast , single participants automatically responded by increasing the attention they paid to attractive targets of the opposite sex .
Such mechanisms help people maintain their long - term relationship and resist temptation , the researchers suggest .
" This whole research area is guided largely by an evolutionary perspective .
These biases have been built into our psychology to enhance people 's reproductive success , " Dr Maner said .
The research was published in the Journal of Experimental Social Psychology .
The “ call to action ” by the UC scientists , led by Anthony Norman , echoes a number of others from leading academics across the globe , and may increase the need for policy makers to review current guidelines for the vitamin .
Such increases could also open opportunities for food fortification and supplements .
Current recommended daily intakes ( RDIs ) of vitamin D are 200 IU for people up to 50 years of age , 400 IU for people between 51 and 70 , and 600 IU for over the 70s years .
“ The consensus among UC scientists who signed this statement is that 2000 IU per day of vitamin D3 , a form of vitamin D , is the appropriate intake for most adult Americans , ” ​ said Norman .
“ This intake is the National Academy of Sciences / Institute of Medicine ’s upper limit for daily intake , and is 400 IU less than the National Academy of Sciences / Institute of Medicine ’s ‘ no adverse health effect ’ level .
Scientific concerns about this level of intake are minimal , based on the findings of the National Academy of Sciences . ” ​
Vitamin D refers to two biologically inactive precursors - D3 , also known as cholecalciferol , and D2 , also known as ergocalciferol .
The former , produced in the skin on exposure to UVB radiation ( 290 to 320 nm ) , is said to be more bioactive .
Both D3 and D2 precursors are hydroxylated in the liver and kidneys to form 25 - hydroxyvitamin D ( 25 ( OH ) D ) , the non-active ' storage ' form , and 1,25 - dihydroxyvitamin D ( 1,25 ( OH ) 2D ) , the biologically active form that is tightly controlled by the body .
“ Our consensus on vitamin D is intended to support public health action , ” ​ said Norman .
“ The amount of research that is currently available provides us enough information to release such a consensus at this time . ” ​
Previously , experts have noted that about one billion people are estimated to be vitamin D deficient with children and adults in Europe at particular risk , even more so since very few foods are fortified with the vitamin .
In adults , vitamin D deficiency may precipitate or exacerbate osteopenia , osteoporosis , muscle weakness , fractures , common cancers , autoimmune diseases , infectious diseases and cardiovascular diseases .
There is also some evidence that the vitamin may reduce the incidence of several types of cancer and type 1 diabetes , said the UC scientists .
“ While more research on this topic is highly desirable , it should not delay recommending a 2000 IU daily intake of vitamin D for most people , ” ​ said Norman .
Calls will not be silenced ​
Fifteen experts from universities , research institutes , and university hospitals around the world , led by Reinhold Vieth from Toronto 's Mount Sinai Hospital , wrote in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition​ in March 2007 that " international agencies such as the Food and Nutrition Board and the European Commission 's Health and Consumer Protection Directorate - General to reassess as a matter of high priority their dietary recommendations for vitamin D , because the formal nationwide advice from health agencies needs to be changed . " ​
Moreover , researchers from the American University of Beirut - Medical Center , Lebanon said earlier this year that current recommendations for children should be raised to 2,000 IU in order to boost bone health and provide long - term health benefits .
Their study , published in the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism​ , found that only children given the equivalent of 2,000 IUs a day of vitamin D3 increased their blood levels of the vitamin to the level considered optimal for adults .
R2D2 Budget Mod by Frenk Janse
Modding on a budget
Click to enlarge
It 's not often that we get a mod that 's simple , awesome , and .
Many of the mods we feature often have parts milled by CNC for precision or a workshop the size of a small warehouse .
Frenkie 's R2D2 mod is a little different because the vast majority of the work he 's done throughout the build was completed with hand tools and personal skill , with only the odd occasion needing heavy - duty tools to get the job done .
What makes the mod all the more impressive is that Frenkie spent only $ 120 on this creation and so this is probably one of the cheapest builds we 've featured in a while .
Although the R2D2 computer has been done before , rarely do they make noises , have webcams , fan control and blue lighted feet : Frenkie has thought of it all and on that note I 'll leave him to get onto telling us about his latest creation .
This is the worklog of my R2 - D2 case mod , which is an ultra - low budget project - so far I have spend about 120 dollars on it .
The basis of this mod is a written - off garbage can that I was told to get rid off .
Rather than doing that though , I gathered pictures of R2 from the Internet and started my first Dremel - cuts , based upon guessing the size .
I split the construction of this mod into three big stages ; the Dome , the Body and the Legs .
I decided to build all three simultaneously , so I 'll be jumping from one to another all the time .
The start of this mod : an old garbage can about to be thrown away , and my drawings on how I wanted it to end up ... then below , how it finally turned out .
Signs of dissent were rare during the Beijing Olympics China 's human rights record worsened in some areas in 2008 , the US state department concluded in its annual report on rights around the world .
The report accused China of harassing dissidents and increasing its repression of ethnic minorities .
It came a week after US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said on a trip to China that co-operation should take precedence over tensions .
China said the US should " stop acting as a human rights guardian " .
Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu said China firmly opposed any countries interfering in its internal affairs " under the pretext of human rights " .
" We urge the US side to reflect on its own human rights problems , " he told reporters on Thursday .
Pushback against demands for greater personal and political freedom continued in many countries across the globe
US state department report Earlier , the state news agency , Xinhua , said the report " turned a blind eye to the efforts and historic achievements China has made in human rights " .
The BBC's James Reynolds in Beijing says the state department 's report and China 's response is a fairly standard annual exchange , which seems to have little practical impact on US - China relations .
During her recent trip to China , human rights activists had criticised Mrs Clinton for not speaking out over the issue .
However , the secretary of state said she had held candid discussions on human rights issues with her Chinese counterpart .
Other countries Among the other countries criticised were Russia and North Korea .
READ REPORT INTRODUCTION
Report introduction [ 94.5K ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here Russia had " continued a negative trajectory in its overall domestic human rights record " , the report said .
In North Korea , it said , the human rights record " remained abysmal " , giving the example of authorities killing babies at birth in prisons .
Other countries mentioned in an introduction to the report included : Egypt , where the state department said there had been a decline in the government 's respect for freedoms of speech , press , association and religion Iran , which the report said had intensified its systematic campaign of intimidation against reformers , academics , journalists and dissidents
Zimbabwe , where the report said the systematic abuse of human rights had " increased dramatically " during 2008 .
Beijing Olympics
The state department 's report said that in 2008 Chinese authorities had " committed extrajudicial killings and torture , coerced confessions of prisoners , and used forced labour " .
Cultural and religious repression of ethnic minorities got worse in largely Muslim Xinjiang and in Buddhist Tibet , it said , with repression peaking around the time of protests in Tibet and last summer 's Beijing Olympics .
The report also cited Chinese curbs on freedom of speech and the press , including the internet .
Overall , " pushback against demands for greater personal and political freedom continued in many countries across the globe " in 2008 , the report said .
It said the most serious abuses were " where unaccountable rulers wielded unchecked power or there was government failure or collapse " .
Karen Stewart , a state department spokeswoman , said the trends showed " the continuing need for vigorous United States diplomacy to speak out and act against human rights abuses at the same time as our country carefully reviews its own performance " .
" We do not consider views about our performance voiced by others in the international community - whether by other governments or non-governmental actors - to be interference in our internal affairs , " she said .
" Nor should other governments regard expressions about their performance as such . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
1945 : In the single deadliest air raid of World War II , 330 American B - 29s rain incendiary bombs on Tokyo , touching off a firestorm that kills upwards of 100,000 people , burns a quarter of the city to the ground , and leaves a million homeless .
The raid also represented a tactical shift , as the Americans switched from high - altitude precision bombing to low - altitude incendiary raids .
Tokyo was the first of five incendiary raids launched in quick succession against the largest Japanese cities .
Nagoya , Osaka and Kobe were also targeted – with Nagoya getting hit twice within a week .
By the end of the war , more than 60 Japanese cities had been laid waste by firebombing .
The Tokyo raid , codenamed Operation Meetinghouse , began an aerial onslaught so effective that the American air command concluded by July 1945 that no viable targets remained on the Japanese mainland .
But if the American objective was to shorten the war by demoralizing the Japanese population and breaking its will to resist , it did n't work .
What had proven true in Germany proved equally true here : Morale was shaken by bombing , but once the shock passed , the war work went on .
The Americans began looking to incendiaries as their stockpiles of those weapons increased , and because the typically cloudy weather conditions that prevailed over Japan made precision bombing difficult at best .
Maj . Gen. Curtis LeMay , commander of the 21st Bomber Command , also argued that incendiary bombing would be particularly effective , because Japanese cities contained a lot of tightly packed , wooden structures that would burn easily when set alight .
He was right .
The B - 29 bombers for the Tokyo raid were stripped of their defensive weapons and packed with various incendiary explosives , including white phosphorus and napalm , a new gasoline - based , fuel - gel mixture developed at Harvard University .
As opposed to the high - altitude precision bombing , which the Allies practiced with only mixed success over both Germany and Japan , incendiary raids were carried out at low altitudes of between 5,000 and 9,000 feet .
The attackers were helped by the fact that Japanese air defenses were almost nonexistent by that point in the war .
In fact , only 14 B - 29s were lost in the March 9 - 10 Tokyo raid .
As was done in Europe , pathfinder planes flying ahead of the bombers marked the target with a flaming X , guiding the attackers in .
Tokyo was hit over a three - hour period by three bomber streams that dropped roughly 2,000 tons of incendiaries near the docklands and in the industrial heart of the Japanese capital .
Tokyo immediately burst into flames .
The combination of incendiaries , the way they were dropped , windy weather conditions and lack of coordinated firefighting on the ground resulted in a firestorm similar to what occurred two years previously in Hamburg , and only a month before in Dresden .
Temperatures on the ground in Tokyo reached 1,800 degrees in some places .
The human carnage was appalling ; bomber crews coming in near the tail end of the raid reported smelling the stench of charred human flesh as they passed over the burning capital .
Sixty - three percent of Tokyo's commercial area , and 18 percent of its industry , was destroyed .
An estimated 267,000 buildings burned to the ground .
The firebombing campaign , coupled with the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki , are believed to have killed more than 1 million Japanese civilians between March and August of 1945 .
Source : Various
Apple 's ability to process iPhone developer contracts is quickly turning into a minor crisis as what was once a smooth process is rapidly turning into a months - long backlog that threatens to keep new developers out of the App Store .
Previous reports that the earliest third - party iPhone app developers are facing expired contracts are also being joined by stories from those who have yet to have their very first contracts approved .
Where requests for an agreement once took as little as two days for Apple to handle in the early days of the iPhone SDK , coders speaking to AppleInsider and on the iPhone development boards are increasingly reporting delays in initial approval that have changed from days into months — even for free apps , which require less paperwork than commercial software .
" Many developers are pulling their hair out by the roots , " one such producer tells AppleInsider .
" Our corporate contract , submitted around December of last year , has yet to be approved after more than two months .
And this is merely for a free app ! "
This and other sources also report that many messages to Apple are either given a stock response apologizing for the wait or else receive no answer at all .
It 's quickly becoming clear that the long hold times and silence on the matter stem from unpreparedness on Apple 's part for the popularity of the App Store and the pressure it creates to renew its relationships with developers .
A call by Ars Technica 's Erica Sadun to the Apple Developer Connection has not only revealed that the company knows there are " many developers " either without contracts or facing expiry but that there is n't even a system by which Apple can renew its existing deals .
When that system will be put into place is n't known , though the ADC representative promises that Apple will at least avoid a crisis that would see older apps gradually vanish from the store as existing agreements come to an end .
Any software that has already been approved will , reportedly , remain on the store even after its associated contract runs out .
That 's little comfort to first - time developers , who are increasingly being discouraged by a process that in many cases prevents them from getting their first real foothold in the App Store .
Without clear signs that Apple is addressing the problem , companies and individuals alike are questioning whether they should continue to produce iPhone apps in the first place .
When you juxtapose this tremendous national need with the wholesale destruction of employment that has occurred over the past several months ( and that is expected to continue for some time ) , you have to wonder why President Obama and Congressional leaders are not moving with extraordinary quickness to put together an infrastructure investment program that is both vast and visionary .
Instead , we have infrastructure spending in the Democrats ’ proposed stimulus package that , while admirable , is far too meager to have much of an impact on the nation ’s overall infrastructure requirements or the demand for the creation of jobs .
Among those who have expressed their concerns publicly is Gov. Ed Rendell of Pennsylvania , a Democrat and persistent advocate of infrastructure investment .
Just prior to President Obama ’s inauguration , Mr. Rendell said of the stimulus package being considered by the House : “ Anybody who thinks  if the president - elect thinks , or the team thinks  that this is the answer to America ’s infrastructure needs is in a different universe . ”
The big danger is that some variation of the currently proposed stimulus package will pass , another enormous bailout for the bankers will be authorized , and then the trillion - dollar - plus budget deficits will make their appearance , looming like unholy monsters over everything else , and Washington will suddenly lose its nerve .
The mantra ( I can hear it now ) will be that we ca n’t afford to spend any more money on the infrastructure , or on a big health care initiative , or any of the nation ’s other crying needs .
Suddenly fiscal discipline will be the order of the day and the people who are suffering now will suffer more , and the nation ’s long - term prospects will be further damaged as its long - term needs continue to be neglected .
We no longer seem to learn much from history .
Time and again an economic boom has followed a period of sustained infrastructure investment .
Think of the building of the Erie Canal , which connected the Great Lakes to the Atlantic Ocean .
Think of the rural electrification program , the interstate highway system , the creation of the Internet .
Sled hockey is just like regular hockey — same rules , same helmets , same slapshots — only tougher .
It 's hard enough to fight someone on skates ; try maneuvering for a rabbit punch on that little sled .
Advertisement
Yes , it seems that the U.S. - Canadian hockey rivalry has spilled over into the paralympic sports world , as evidenced by this all - out brawl in a recent international matchup .
Fans of the wheelchair rugby movie , " Murderball , " know that you do n't need fully functioning legs to compete at sports at a high level or beat the crap out of someone as you do so .
Plus , even as I am amused by this video , I 'm pretty sure these dudes could skate circles around me in any game .
Of course , you 're all going to hell for laughing at this , but that 's between you and your personal spiritual deity .
Advertisement
Video :
You 've never seen a hockey fight like a sledge hockey fight [ Puck Daddy ]
Paraplegic Hockey Game Turns Into All Out Melee [ Slow Breaker ]
U.S. president - elect Barack Obama plans to travel to Canada for his first international trip after he takes office , the Prime Minister 's Office confirmed Saturday .
" We have been in close contact with president - elect Obama 's transition team .
We can confirm that the president - elect has accepted the prime minister 's invitation to visit Canada soon after he is inaugurated , " a statement released by Stephen Harper 's office said .
U.S. transition aides also said Obama picked his country 's northern neighbour as his first venture outside the United States as president , but they added they could not discuss the date for the trip , nor its agenda .
A transition official said aides to the president - elect and Harper discussed the trip in recent days .
But the official said Obama and Harper themselves have not directly discussed the trip .
On Monday , Obama has a meeting scheduled in Washington with Mexican President Felipe Calderon , his first meeting with a world leader since he won the election on Nov. 4 .
Obama 's inauguration is set for Jan. 20 .
In 2001 , after George W. Bush was sworn in for his first term in office , he went to Mexico , breaking the long tradition of reserving the new U.S. president ’s first visit for Canada .
A regular update of Haskell in Arch Linux
Hackage now has 1122 Haskell packages , of which 974 have been natively packaged for Arch in AUR .
That ’s 12 new packages this week , and lots of updates as well .
Notable releases this week
vintage - basic - 1.0.1 : Interpreter for microcomputer - era BASIC
yi-0.6.0 : The Haskell - Scriptable Editor
haskell - core - 0.1 : External core parser and pretty printer .
haskell - utf8-env-0.1 : UTF - 8 aware substitutes for functions in System .
Environment
haskell - hexpat - 0.4 : wrapper for expat , the fast XML parser
haskell - xml - 1.3.4 : A simple XML library .
haskell - polyparse - 1.3 : A variety of alternative parser combinator libraries .
haskell - torch - 0.1 : Simple unit test library ( or framework )
Here they all are , broken down by category , so you can get a sense for what ’s new in your area of interest :
Codec
haskell - sexpr - 0.1.2 : S- expression printer and parser
Compilers
vintage - basic - 1.0.1 : Interpreter for microcomputer - era BASIC
Concurrency
haskell - chp - 1.2.0 :
An implementation of concurrency ideas from Communicating Sequential Processes
haskell - future - 2.0.0 : Supposed to mimics and enhance proposed C++ \ ” future \ ” features
haskell - semaphore - plus - 0.1 : Various concurrency abstractions built on top of semaphores
Control
haskell - stateful - mtl - 1.0.7 : Typeclass instances for monad transformer stacks with an ST thread at the bottom .
haskell - streamproc - 1.2 : Stream Processer Arrow
haskell - mtlx - 0.1 : Monad transformer library with type indexes ,
providing ‘ free ’ copies .
haskell - control - engine-0.0.3 : A parallel producer / consumer engine ( thread pool )
haskell - monadlib-3.5.2 : A collection of monad transformers .
haskell - monadiccp -0.4 : Package for Constraint Programming
Cryptography
haskell - hopenssl - 1.1 : FFI bindings to OpenSSL ’s EVP digest interface
Data
haskell - data-accessor-template -0.2.1 : Utilities for accessing and manipulating fields of records
haskell - ranges - 0.1 :
haskell - algebra-0.0.0.1 : Algebraic structures
haskell - fraction -0.0.1.0 : Fractions
haskell - queuelike - 1.0.0 : A library of queuelike data structures , both functional and stateful .
Devel
yi-0.6.0 : The Haskell - Scriptable Editor
haskell - sparsebit - 0.5 : Sparse bitmaps for pattern match coverage
ghc -core - 0.4.3 : Display GHC ’s core and assembly output in a pager
cheatsheet - 1.6 : A Haskell cheat sheet in PDF and literate formats .
Graphics
haskell - ftgl - 1.2 : Portable TrueType font rendering for OpenGL using the Freetype2 library
Gui
haskell - terminfo - 0.3.0.2 : Haskell bindings to the terminfo library .
haskell - vty - 3.1.8.4 : A simple terminal access library
Language
haskell - core - 0.1 : External core parser and pretty printer .
System
make - hard - links - 0.2 : Change duplicated files into hard - links .
haskell - utf8-env-0.1 : UTF - 8 aware substitutes for functions in System .
Environment
haskell - core - 0.1 : External core parser and pretty printer .
husky - 0.3 : A simple command line calculator .
Testing
haskell - torch - 0.1 : Simple unit test library ( or framework )
Text
haskell -regexpr-symbolic -0.4 : Regular expressions via symbolic manipulation
haskell - xml - 1.3.4 : A simple XML library .
haskell - polyparse - 1.3 : A variety of alternative parser combinator libraries .
Web
happs - tutorial -0.8 : A Happstack Tutorial that is its own web 2.0 - type demo .
haskell - happstack - helpers -0.21 : Convenience functions for Happstack .
Xml
haskell - hexpat - pickle - 0.2 : XML picklers based on hexpat , source - code - similar to those of the HXT package
haskell - hexpat - 0.4 : wrapper for expat , the fast XML parser
The Arch Haskell Team maintains the Haskell toolchain on Arch Linux .
You can join us in #arch - haskell on freenode.org , or on the mailing list .
Chris " The Birdman " Andersen is back with the New Orleans Hornets after serving a two - year ban for violating the league 's anti-drug policy .
Normally , this would be a happy time for his family .
But it 's not .
Nathaniel S. Butler / NBAE / Getty Images
Chris Andersen was going to buy his mother a house .
They would build it right in the middle of the 10 acres she had in rural God - knows - where Texas .
He said he would buy her a Lamborghini , too .
She laughed at that .
If he just helped her pay for her meds , that would be enough .
This is what they dreamed about .
A life in which they did n't have to struggle .
A life in which she would n't have to push a janitor 's broom or tend bar , which one of her Harley buddies owned .
Linda Holubec was there that November night in 2001 , when the Denver Nuggets called her son with the news that they were signing him to a deal that would end his vagabond lifestyle .
They were sitting in a hotel lobby in Fayetteville , N.C. , about to board a van bound for some minor - league outpost .
She would never have to lend him money for groceries or co-sign for another car again .
They had made it .
For almost his entire life they had been inseparable .
She held him for hours and wiped his tears the day his father walked out on them .
She sat beside him as he got his first tattoo on his 18th birthday .
She scraped together tip money to travel to the far side of the world to watch him play basketball in gyms so smoky her glasses would fog up .
Now they were bound for Denver , and she could n't wait to hug Nuggets GM Kiki Vandeweghe .
They did n't know much about pro basketball , but they knew they'd be rich .
And they had done it together .
An improbable journey from the backwoods of Texas , where kids are more likely to get hooked on meth than play AAU ball , had reached its end point .
But four years later , Linda 's world collapsed .
One of Linda 's friends called her after seeing the words that would change her life forever slowly crawl along the bottom of the television screen .
" Something happened with Chris , " the voice said over the phone .
Andersen had been disqualified from the NBA on Jan. 25 , 2006 , for violating the league 's anti-drug policy by testing positive for a banned substance .
He did n't have the courage to call his mother and break the news .
It was the spectacular finale to a downward spiral that began the moment Andersen scribbled his name on an official contract .
But the door to redemption swung wide open two years later .
On March 4 , the NBA reinstated Andersen , and his former team , the New Orleans Hornets , signed him to a contract for the remainder of the season .
Linda cried both tears of joy and pain .
She was happy her boy had made it .
Again .
But there was something else that made the news of his reinstatement almost as hard to take as his expulsion : the fact that Linda Holubec and her son have not spoken in almost three years .
During his first four seasons in the NBA , Andersen was known for his wildly athletic dunks and reckless intensity .
He had n't developed any real moves to speak of , and even a 10 - foot pull - up jumper was ill - advised for him .
But what he lacked in skill he made up for with a floor burn - inducing style of play and an arsenal of eccentricities that won over fans leaguewide .
The decibel level at home games soared when he checked his human - wrecking - ball act into the game .
Birdman 's athleticism earned him invites to two slam - dunk contests .
Nathaniel S. Butler / NBAE via Getty Images
Fans wore shaggy blonde wigs and imitated his signature Birdman hand gesture by interlocking their thumbs and flapping their fingers whenever Andersen threw down one of his high - flying yet lovably clumsy dunks .
He never averaged more than seven points or six rebounds in a season , but seeing that toothy grin after he crashed into the stands trying to save a ball he had no shot at was worth the price of admission .
And Linda loved it just as much as anyone .
But when the game was over and he disappeared into the tunnel , fans could n't see what she could .
That Andersen was unable to turn off who he was .
That the circle of unscrupulous characters entering his world was bleeding him dry .
That an NBA paycheck was like nitroglycerin in his pocket .
She may have raised him to raise hell , but she also taught him to say when .
But Andersen had passed his breaking point .
For the first time , his mother could n't save him .
And they would pay the price equally .
Jan. 25 , 2006 :
Hornets coach Byron Scott blew his whistle signaling the end of practice .
Players broke off into pairs to shoot the customary postpractice free throws .
Shooting 47 percent from the line , this was a daily drill Andersen could n't afford to miss .
general manager Jeff Bower had sat through practice that day .
He came down out of the stands and motioned for Scott , then whispered in his ear .
Scott , in turn , called Andersen over to the sideline .
The results of his recent drug test had come back from the league .
Bower did n't have to say a word ; Andersen knew he had tested positive .
They spoke for three or four minutes .
Andersen slouched a bit and looked to the floor .
Then he immediately left the gym and cleaned out his locker .
Scott had started to suspect something when Andersen regularly began missing practices and shootarounds .
He thought he'd looked pale but chalked it up to harmless late - night partying .
All the trainers would tell him was that he had " flu - like symptoms . "
Scott had planned to talk to him , but now it was too late .
The story of Chris " Birdman " Andersen , the NBA 's wild child who pushed himself over the edge , cannot be separated from that of the woman who raised him as an extension of herself .
A former basketball player in high school , now on the other side of 50 and standing a hair over 6 feet , her oval face is accented by soft features and a warm , dawdling Southern drawl .
Her two - dozen tattoos , including permanent cherry red lips and black eyeliner , are a product of her days running with the notorious Bandidos biker gang .
Though polite and maternalistic -- " Can I get you some tea ? " she often asks -- her charmingly rough edges and tough - girl disposition served her well amongst the double crossers and miscreants that tend to populate a hardscrabble life .
Linda Ogle was raised in the shadow of the mist in the Smoky Mountains of Gatlinburg , Tenn. , by parents who were also Harley Davidson - riding free spirits -- Jack , a carpenter , and Kate , a waitress at a local diner .
Chris Andersen 's mom , Linda Holubec , with her husband Norm .
Chris Palmer
When she was 8 , her father put her behind the wheel of his ' 54 Chevy and taught her to navigate winding mountain roads .
He would sit on the back of his Hog and let Linda work the clutch and throttle as they burned up the interstate .
At 10 , she fired her first gun .
The recoil of the .45 put her on her behind .
When the carpentering dried up , Linda 's father enlisted in the Navy and was assigned to a base in Long Beach , Calif .
She adjusted to California easily , learning to surf after buying a board at a garage sale for $ 25 .
When her father left for a tour in Vietnam , she decided on a career in the armed forces , hoping to become a registered nurse and see combat .
She got a job at Port Hueneme , just north of Malibu , serving food in the mess hall .
One day a tall , smooth - talking corrections officer named Claus Andersen came through her line .
Andersen , who had emigrated from Denmark , often would talk about his faraway adventures and persuaded Linda to move in with him .
Three months later , they were married .
Dec. 12 , 2005 :
The first thing you notice about Chris Andersen is the hair .
As soon as he emerges from the locker room at the Sawyer Center , the Hornets ' temporary practice facility on the campus of Southern Nazarene University in Oklahoma City , it overtakes you .
The rowdy , shoulder - length blond locks cover his face , Cousin Itt - style .
" Whassup , pimp ? " he says with a crooked smile , holding out a fist .
That 's the second thing you notice , the jolting - but - refreshing blend of unpolished Southern charm , blue - collar ethos and childlike enthusiasm that has endeared him to everyone from his hip - hop - loving teammates to the workaday , F - 150 - driving sports fan .
He 's instructed by a team official that he 's next up to sign a stack of Christmas ornaments .
He uncaps a silver Sharpie and scribbles his signature on 71 orange and purple ornaments in 90 seconds .
The 72nd is smashed to bits in one of the boxes .
" What happened , Bird ? " says teammate Desmond Mason , taking the pen from him .
" I tried to eat it , " says Andersen .
" I thought it was an orange . "
In a flash , the Birdman makes for the door .
Little - used Lithuanian rookie guard Arvydas Macijauskas pushes past Andersen at the same time and mumbles farewell in English .
" What the hell did he say ? " asks Andersen .
" I do n't speak that language . "
We 're off to a middle - school appearance , where he 'll teach kids how to do his signature Birdman sign .
In the parking lot he jumps in the black 2006 Ford Expedition he 's owned for less than a month .
He mashes the gas when he drove through a shallow puddle , causing the rear end of the car to pitch sideways as a mushroom cloud of smoke rises from the pavement .
Iola , Texas , is a place you 've probably never heard of until now .
This is nowhere .
But to Linda Holubec , this is home .
In 1982 , she and Claus moved to Texas with their three children , April , Chris and Tamie .
With a loan from the Texas Veterans Land Board , they bought a 10 - acre plot in unincorporated Iola ( population : 236 ) , about 100 miles north of Houston .
Down a dirt road off County Road 170 that was used more by wild boars than humans , the Andersens raised their children .
They were the only family for two miles .
Linda hammered together a makeshift wooden street sign on which she painted the words Bluebonnet Lane , named after the Texas state flower .
Linda says Claus promised to build her and the kids a house , and said maybe they 'd raise some cattle .
In the middle of the property , which sloped gently to the west , the frame of the two - story , three - bedroom house went up .
A week later , Claus was gone .
He had decided family living was n't for him .
At least not in godforsaken Grimes County .
He was off to peddle his artwork -- landscape oil paintings were his new passion -- in more cosmopolitan places like New York City , taking with him the remainder of the loan money .
Then it dawned on Linda what had just happened : Claus moved the family to rural Texas to escape California 's strict alimony and child - support laws , she says .
" How could you do that to your own kids ? "
Linda asks with tears in her eyes .
" All they did was love you , and you walked away from them . "
The man she loved , for whom she had picked up her life and moved halfway across the country , had deserted her .
Chris was numb .
He would sit for hours in the barn with his knees pulled up to his chest , rocking back and forth .
For weeks when Linda left to run errands , Tamie , the youngest , would scream , " Do n't leave me . "
Linda fell into a deep depression .
Feeling she could n't cope with it alone , she took the children to therapy but pulled out after a few weeks because they had to save money .
" We had a half a jar of peanut butter and a loaf of bread , " she says .
" We had nothing . "
She was unemployed , had no savings and begged Claus for child support .
Fortunately , they did have the support of neighbors Betty and Wesley Crenshaw , who dropped by with milk , sugar , butter and whatever else they could spare .
But mostly , they lived off the land .
Linda would trap copperheads , skin them and make belts or cook what little meat they had .
When it came to the bills , Linda could no longer even tread water .
Though she found work as a short order cook , a janitor and a door - to - door " Avon lady , " she could n't keep up .
She was tapped both emotionally and physically .
Linda sent the children to a group home in Dallas during Andersen 's middle school years so that they would n't go without food or a warm bed .
" Not being with the kids was the most painful time of my life , " she says .
" You think about them every day and wonder if they 're all right . "
The children remained in the home for nearly three years before returning to Iola .
Linda Holubec still hopes her son will one day buy her the house he once promised .
Chris Palmer
Linda 's brother , James Ogle , a Navy supply boat captain , left his job in California and emptied his savings to help them finish the house .
He arrived in Texas with a stove in the back of his pickup truck .
He dug a hole for the septic tank with a shovel .
He built a tree swing for the girls and put a basketball goal on the barn where Chris and his mom would shoot around .
He bought a cow trough and filled it with water so the kids could have a swimming pool because the small pond was occupied by water moccasins .
And with leftover tin from the roof , he hammered out a sliding board .
One day Claus drove down Bluebonnet Lane in his shiny new Mercedes with his latest girlfriend in the passenger seat .
Chris spotted him and began to run toward the car .
When he saw Chris running , his father gunned the car and took off .
" My daddy wanted to shoot him , " says Linda , " and I shoulda let him done it . "
After 26 years , the pain from the memory still smolders beneath the surface .
It took her years to accept the fact that Claus did n't want his children .
She 's never been able to fully explain to her son why his father did n't love him .
Until the house was completed , the family sought shelter in a Depression Era barn that was already on the property .
It was like a lost page out of a John Steinbeck novel .
They set up a makeshift , one - room apartment amid the hay and horseflies , across from the stalls and chicken coops .
Wesley Crenshaw rigged the barn with electricity to power space heaters so they would n't freeze on those cold Texas nights .
Outside , a garden hose and spigot made showering possible .
Scrawny coyotes in search of food would make bold trips up to the barn , scaring the kids .
Crowing roosters woke them every morning at dawn .
After she put the kids to bed , Linda would walk the fence line with a .38 tucked in her waistband , " looking for sidewinders , the kind that slither or walk on two legs . "
Linda was big on protection .
Her brother gave her a .357 , which she would use for target practice during the day .
She wanted people to hear the gunshots so they knew not to mess with her .
Dec. 27 , 2004 :
Fifteen minutes after practice , Andersen pulls up to Hooters , his regular hangout in Oklahoma City .
Once inside , a waitress named Shasta with prerequisite 36Cs and the standard - issue Hooters uniform -- shimmery orange short shorts and a white , one - size - too - small , low - cut T - shirt -- sidles over to take his order .
" What would you like to drink ? " she asks Andersen .
" Uh , " he replies slowly .
" Water . "
She heads to the back for our refreshments .
" All I could think about was milk , " quips Andersen .
" Freshly squeezed . "
Hooters is as good a place as any for Andersen to recall the unlikely story of a self - proclaimed redneck who never had much of a plan yet still ended up the league 's most eccentric cult figure of a ramblin ' man .
From his unfiltered running dialogues to his oh - no - he - did n't wardrobe ( think Clyde Frazier meets Kevin Federline ) , he 's the latest bud on the Dawkins / Walton / Rodman family tree .
His mink coat is legendary among teammates , as is his penchant to rock it with jeans and a trucker hat .
" It does n't matter , " says Hornets forward David West .
" He 'll wear it with anything , but that 's just Bird . "
In his first go - round in the league , his spiky hair got more attention than anything his teams did on the court .
Jack Nicholson once pointed to the ' do and gave him a thumbs - up from his courtside seat at the Staples Center .
" I told him to put me in a movie , " Andersen says .
" The next ' Batman . ' "
Andersen 's earliest foray into athletics was jumping over an electric fence that was meant to keep the cows from getting out .
His idea of motorsports was playing car tag in the Navasota River bottom .
In his early teens he played baseball , but his Texas - sized strike zone limited his effectiveness .
He tried football , too .
Every year the coach put him at defensive end and wide receiver because of his 4.7 speed in the 40 - yard dash .
And every year he ended up quitting after a week or two .
My head got so big I thought I could do anything .
-- Chris Andersen
Finally , the varsity basketball coach convinced him that if he focused on basketball , he had a chance at a college scholarship .
On winter nights in Iola , the entire town packed itself into a gym that seated 300 to watch its tallest citizen transform himself into a 198 - pound flyswatter .
Despite his human eraser act , few colleges came calling because he was n't cutting it in the classroom .
Andersen committed to play for Clyde Drexler at the University of Houston but could n't make the grades he needed .
Linda apologized to Drexler profusely .
But his high school coach 's father happened to be the head coach at Blinn Junior College in Brenham , so he took Andersen .
He played one season at Blinn , averaging 10.7 points , 7.7 rebounds and 4.7 blocked shots in just 21.3 minutes per game , leading all college players in blocks .
On weekends , Andersen brought half the team back to Iola for barbecues .
Linda always sent them off with blueberry cobbler made from fresh berries she picked in the pasture behind the house .
People told him he could make tons of money in the pros , that his wild game could lead him out of his backwoods corner of the world .
" My head got so big I thought I could do anything , " he says .
Anything except get drafted .
He did n't know you had to officially apply for the draft , not just declare .
" When I left Blinn I really did n't know what I was doing , " he says .
" I did n't have a plan . "
His high school coach arranged for him to play a series of exhibition games with the Texas Ambassadors , a semipro traveling team made up of former college players .
One of their exhibitions took them to China , where Andersen caught the eye of a Chinese professional coach when he blocked several shots into the stands .
He was made an offer to join the Jiangsu Nangang Dragons .
" I did n't really like working , so I took the offer , " he says .
He left in December 2000 for Beijing and lived in a hotel for the entire 4 ½ months he was with the team .
" Imagine taking a guy who had only ever been out of Texas twice and putting him in the middle of China , " says Andersen with a grin .
" Just try and picture that . "
Oct. 20 , 2001 :
On the first day of the inaugural training camp for the NBA 's new minor league called the D - League , hopefuls sat quietly in a cavernous gym in Suwanee , Ga. Nearly 200 players had been invited to compete for 88 spots on eight teams .
Some fiddled with their shoelaces .
Others tried their best not to look nervous .
When Keith Booth , possessor of two championship rings as a member of the Chicago Bulls , swaggered in , one player said , " Only 87 spots left . "
Later , former Kentucky point guard Saul Smith arrived .
A low , rumbling chatter rolled down from the top of the bleachers .
Next in was UNLV's Greedy Daniels .
" Oh , he 's quick , " offered another .
And this went on all afternoon .
Finally , Andersen sauntered in .
A player reclining back on the bleachers chuckled dismissively and wondered aloud , " Where 'd they find this guy ? "
Just two games into the inaugural season , Andersen became the first - ever D - League call - up when the Nuggets signed him to a one - year , $ 289,747 contract on Nov. 21 , 2001 .
The first complete NBA game he saw was from the Nuggets ' bench two days later .
The Nuggets made Andersen the first D - League call - up ever .
William Sallaz / NBAE / Getty Images
But the transition was n't exactly storybook .
Comic - book , maybe .
Once on the road in Memphis , he bought a pit bull puppy he named Red Sonja .
He did n't take into consideration that the team still had two more stops before returning to Denver .
The coaches discovered the pup on the team bus on the way to the airport .
There was the time , when on injured reserve , he showed up on the bench in shorts and a T - shirt , and Nuggets coach Jeff Bzdelik made him watch the game from the locker room .
With fans he was an instant hit , but not everyone was smitten by his eccentricities .
Bzdelik hated them .
When he saw Andersen 's gel - supported , inch - high spikes , he made him wash them out .
Another time , he fumed when Andersen curled his hair like Little Orphan Annie for a playoff game .
" You were never really sure what he would do next , " says former teammate Marcus Camby .
But Andersen did n't care , because he was in the NBA and the money was flowing .
This was promising news for Linda and her husband , Norm , who needed Andersen to make good on his promise to strike it rich .
When the stock market had crashed after Sept. 11 , they lost 90 percent of the nearly $ 200,000 they had saved for retirement .
But Andersen would soon part with his money for all too different reasons .
That 289K was like sand through his fingers .
He began to develop a rep as a hard partier .
He inhaled Jack & Cokes like a wet vac and could make a case of Bud Light disappear by himself .
At first , Linda , who understood that boys will be boys , gently warned her son .
" I 've partied with the best of them myself , " she says .
" But you do n't let it affect your work . "
Andersen would nod and say he had everything under control , but Linda could see otherwise .
" I could tell what he was doing by the way he was running up and down the court , " she says .
" His lips would be all white and he would be sucking air .
If I could see it from the stands , I know his coaches could . "
Linda felt if she were closer to him she could help curtail his recklessness .
So she , Norm , Tamie and her 1 - year - old daughter Kassie moved to Denver .
And since Andersen 's new home was n't equipped with a washer and dryer , she loaded hers in a horse trailer and hitched it to their truck .
Norm drove the truck , and Linda followed on her Harley despite subfreezing temperatures .
" That 's just a mother 's love , " she says .
" I had to get to my son . "
She put on several pairs of wool socks , lined her leather jacket with newspapers and wrapped freezer bags over her riding gloves .
When she stopped at a gas station to clean her windshield just outside the Texas panhandle , she pulled the squeegee out of the bucket , only to find it connected to a block of ice .
Later , the Harley broke down because of condensation in the carburetor .
After 400 miles , Linda 's frostbitten fingers could no longer work the clutch .
They stopped at a Motel 6 for the night , where Linda promptly rolled the Harley into the room .
When she got to Denver , she found Andersen 's finances in a mess .
There was no discernible pattern to his spending , except that it was full tilt .
Andersen had never received any formal money - management training from the league .
He lacked both the skill and desire to balance his own checkbook .
As long as his ATM card worked , he was fine .
Linda sat down with a pile of his bills and statements and tried to make sense of it .
She noticed a meal he had in New York was charged three times for the same amount .
Then she saw the thousands of dollars in shoes he bought for his ever - ballooning circle of new friends .
There was a bar bill for $ 900 .
He would regularly hire limos to take his friends out on the town .
" Stay in , order food , play video games , " Linda urged him .
" You do n't have to go out every night . "
When she searched the Internet for his name , she would find signed Nuggets gear he gave to his friends on auction Web sites .
Meanwhile , he stopped making the payments on the Expedition she had co-signed for , and her credit was destroyed .
After a while Andersen began giving her $ 500 a month for her diabetes medicine and painkillers for the two cracked vertebrae she suffered during a training exercise in the Army .
But he made good on little else .
The house he promised her seemed only a pipe dream .
She bit her tongue when she found a receipt for a $ 5,000 designer purse he bought one of his girlfriends .
" I had a $ 10 denim purse and made my own clothes , " scoffs Linda .
When he bought another girl a Jaguar , she was hurt and confused .
This was n't her son .
Andersen 's NBA career was on the rise , but his out - of - control lifestyle would be his downfall .
Streeter Lecka / Getty Images
But Andersen was a magnet for hangers - on .
There was the pretty schoolteacher from Dallas with a penchant for expensive clothes .
( " She just loved Gucci , " says Linda . )
And the bellhop he met while partying at a downtown Denver hotel .
( " He left when the money dried up . " )
Then there were his pals from Iola .
He often wrote checks to cover their bail when they ran afoul of the law .
Once he dropped four grand on tickets when the Nuggets played in Houston .
When Andersen bought his first house just southwest of Denver , his friends would show up to play video games and drink beer .
Linda was miffed when one of them got the idea to drive one state over to buy illegal fireworks one summer .
Andersen was drinking more than ever .
She felt like a stranger in her son 's home .
Then one day Linda reached her breaking point .
One of Andersen 's friends was playing a little too roughly with Andersen 's girlfriend and began choking her with a scarf .
Adrenaline surged through Linda 's veins .
Her protective maternal instincts took over .
She grabbed the guy and put him in a headlock .
" I told him I ride Harleys and I tote guns and you do n't want to be messin ' with me , " she says .
At that point she decided that she 'd had enough .
Linda and her son were fighting all the time .
If Andersen was going to drown in a destructive lifestyle , she was n't going to watch him do it .
The next day she told her husband and the kids they were going back to Texas .
The three - day trek back home was a sad and arduous journey .
The seismic change in the mother / son bond had left her drained .
She felt powerless .
All she wanted to do was cry .
When they got home , the little house looked sadder than ever .
She half hoped it would just fall over .
It took them all day to hack down the 6 - foot - high weeds that had sprung up .
Venomous brown recluse spiders hovered in the corners of every room .
Termites had decimated the siding .
The black mold upstairs was like wallpaper .
A family of rattlesnakes had taken up residence in the cupboard next to some dried - out pasta .
They fed on the droves of field mice -- the ones that lived in the walls and dared venture onto the counters .
Jan. 21 , 2006 :
The Hornets milled about in the visiting locker room at Madison Square Garden .
After dismantling the Knicks 109-98 for their 20th win of the season , spirits were high .
Andersen emerged from a back room and ran a towel through his floppy hair .
In his right hand was a can of Bud Light .
He chugged half the can , then belched .
" Now that 's what I call an energy drink , " he said .
Despite the off - court difficulties he had managed to keep quiet for so long , Andersen had played his way into his biggest payday ever , signing a four - year , $ 14 million deal with the Hornets in the summer of 2005 .
He had developed such a following that the team used his likeness on billboards to sell season - ticket packages , even though he was the team 's seventh - leading scorer .
Andersen continued to mask his partying .
He went through a painful breakup with a longtime girlfriend and turned to illegal drugs to help him escape the funk .
Then came the drug test .
He says he did n't shed a single tear after his banishment .
After Andersen was reinstated by the league , the Hornets gladly welcomed him back to the Hive .
Layne Murdoch / NBAE / Getty Images
" When I look back at everything that happened , I do n't regret it , " he says .
" This whole thing saved my life .
I needed this to happen .
I do n't know where I 'd be today if I did n't change my ways . "
Shortly after his expulsion , he entered a rehab clinic and jettisoned his destructive friends .
By the summer of 2007 , Andersen was fully focused on returning to the NBA .
He was working out in Las Vegas with trainer Joe Abunassar and playing in highly competitive pickup games featuring Kevin Garnett , Jermaine O'Neal and Al Harrington .
He got down to a svelte 228 pounds , began to extend his shooting range and developed a reliable jump hook .
His outlook on life also got a makeover .
" I know this does n't last forever .
I 'm not going to throw away what I have over something stupid , " he says .
" But I have n't changed a bit .
I 'm still the same person I always was .
I just do n't do the things I used to .
I 'm smarter now . "
He pauses for a bit .
" And my 3 - point shot is deadly . "
The subject of his mother is not easily broached by Andersen .
During a recent interview at the Hornets ' practice facility when her name is brought up , Andersen shuts down .
His bounce disappears , and he begins to rock almost involuntarily back and forth , no longer offering the courtesy of eye contact .
When asked if he shared his ordeal with his mother , he drifts off and quickly tries to redirect the conversation .
" Uh , I 've been back home a time or two since I was suspended , " he says without confidence , " you know , to see everybody .
" Everything 's cool .
Yup , no place like Iola .
Mom 's good . "
( Two days later Linda would say they have n't seen each other since he lived in Denver . )
When a team PR official drifts by to check on him , it 's Andersen 's perfect escape .
He quickly transitions to community work he 's interested in doing .
He starts to boil his answers down to a few words , leaving uncomfortable gaps in the conversation .
He bids farewell moments later .
The sting of their fractured relationship is too much , but not enough for him to give you Linda 's phone number long after they stopped speaking .
March 26 , 2008 :
In the players ' lounge at the Hornets ' practice facility just outside of New Orleans , Andersen is involved in a spirited game of pingpong with David West .
After he loses , Anderson jokes with Morris Peterson about West 's form and vows revenge .
Only three players remain on the roster since Andersen last suited up , but after just a month he has worked himself back into the fabric of the team .
And he still loves Hooters .
" I went to one the other day in New Orleans , " he says .
" The food was terrible , but the menu was n't bad , if you know what I mean . "
Then he summons his best Borat impression to make the point , " Niiice ! "
The tired Texas sun finally dips behind the horizon .
The cattle over on Betty and Wesley Crenshaw 's old farm settle in for the night .
The incessant clinking from dime - sized June bugs that recklessly ricochet off the patio's tin roof make it sound like it 's hailing .
Linda sits on the enclosed patio talking about her only son .
She slowly thumbs through a stack of fuzzy pictures taken with a disposable camera from a time when Chris would knock you out of the way for her banana pudding , green bean casserole and homemade biscuits .
There 's one of him back in juco .
It 's been so long since he had a buzz cut .
Mom and son in China .
Look at the way he has his arm around me .
A mother 's love is tireless .
She has to believe this is the year he will call on her birthday .
And she holds out hope that her son will buy her the house he once promised .
On the patio her eyes well up with tears .
But it 's obvious it's not the house that 's making her cry .
" I 'm always hopeful that he 'll come around , " she says in a soft , wavering voice .
" He 's busy right now , I know .
I 'll give him time .
I 'll let him do his thing and pray he 's doing well .
I know he can turn his life around .
I 'll never stop worrying about him no matter how old he gets . "
Chris Palmer is a writer for ESPN The Magazine .
The San Francisco Public Utilities Commission surprise - attacked the city with a new plan to " increase water and sewer rates for both residential and commercial customers at its meeting Tuesday , " according to reports .
The reason ?
Seismic upgrades .
Apparently it will cost the city of San Francisco $ 4.4 billion to make sure your poop , pee , and drinking water do n't mix when the big one hits .
So expect a 13 % increase in your bill after July .
Also , it is SFist 's official stance that you do not reduce your time in the shower to save water .
Instead , here are 100 99 other ways to conserve .
Welcome to the face of Facebook advertising .
Attractive , huh ?
( I 'm not going to lie ; I am copying Josh 's format )
By now , most of you have probably seen the ads on your Facebook profile .
It 's the worst thing to happen since Facebook introduced the mini- feed so your friend could see how many women you made plans with over the weekend ( oooh ... was that out loud ? ) - but that was almost a year ago .
Like the other social media sites before ( and with ) it , Facebook has managed to underwhelm its users with lackluster advertising and an underwhelming capitalization of the unique opportunity that is social media marketing .
Before I go further , I must confess ; Facebook occasionally provides its users with decent marketing .
I notice some ads will focus on my interests stated in my profile , including cycling , running , triathlons , and real estate .
This is the extent of Facebook 's marketing success over its existence .
However , Facebook 's most recent ads leave its users ( or at least me ) feeling dirty and at high risk of identity theft if we click through them .
The two images I posted are actual images of the ads I find on Facebook .
They include the generic :
" How many eyes in this image ? "
" How many deltoids in the picture above ?
96.7 % of Americans get this question wrong "
" Make $ 75 / hour working part - time and being lazy " ( smells scammy )
" Meet Christian singles " with pictures of busty Catholic school girls looking for a party Aside from my last example , these ads tend to put nightmare - inducing images on your profile ( and this totally detracts from my awesomely attractive friends ) .
Since when did marketing involve putting incredibly unattractive images on ad space and expecting / hoping for click - throughs ?
Did I miss something in Psych 101 ?
I knew I should n't have skipped that day ...
Due to not controlling the quality of ads on Facebook , Facebook diminishes its overall reputation in the American marketplace and its users perception of the quality of Facebook advertisements .
Also , poor ad revenues will kill any business valuation ...
The solution for Facebook is simple :
Increase the cost of advertisement : Boom !
Facebook 's valuation just went up .
Creeper advertisers ; go run ads your scammy ads elsewhere .
My profile is a scam - free zone and I do n't care how many deltoids that guy has .
Perception is everything , and cost increases will increase the perceived benefit .
Make them bigger : Facebook is a website that needs to generate revenue ; increasing ad size will allow companies to develop more original and creative marketing .
It 's hard to convince someone of anything with the postage - stamp marketing used today .
Recruit better companies to advertise : Scam - O - Rama still is n't appealing even if they can set me up with busty Judeo - Christian women who attend private Catholic high schools and like to party .
Even the ShamWow guy would be a step in the right direction .
Increase corporate - developed applications :
The best ( and only ) Facebook application I ever used was Red Bull Roshambull .
It had nothing to do with Red Bull but everything with my 9 - 2 record of crushing my friends at rock paper scissors .
When Red Bull opened up its Roshamblog for tag lines , over 1,100 people submitted ideas to reflect your recent performance in the world of ro , sham , and bull .
Check out the Roshamblog for yourself .
I still laugh .
Mark Zuckerberg ; do yourself and Facebook 's market evaluation a favor and improve your online advertising .
Please ?
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- --
It 's OK for Republicans to want President Obama to fail if they think he 's jeopardizing the country , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal told members of his political party Tuesday night .
Gov. Bobby Jindal is offering a spirited defense of Republicans who say they want President Obama to fail .
Jindal described the premise of the question -- " Do you want the president to fail ? " -- as the " latest gotcha game " being perpetrated by Democrats against Republicans .
" Make no mistake : Anything other than an immediate and compliant , ' Why no sir , I do n't want the president to fail , ' is treated as some sort of act of treason , civil disobedience or political obstructionism , " Jindal said at a political fundraiser attended by 1,200 people .
" This is political correctness run amok . "
Since conservative radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh said that he hoped that Obama would fail , Republicans have been pressed by Democrats and the media about Limbaugh 's comments .
Jindal , a potential 2012 presidential candidate , told the Republican audience he would " not be brow beaten on this , and I will not kowtow to their correctness . "
" My answer to the question is very simple : ' Do you want the president to fail ? '
It depends on what he is trying to do . "
Jindal , who served two terms in the U.S. House , returned to Washington to help his former colleagues raise more than $ 6 million for the 2010 midterm elections .
And he likely picked up important political chits , should he decide to run for president .
So far , Jindal has sidestepped questions about 2012 .
But on Tuesday he seemed to be laying the groundwork in case he eventually decides the political climate is right .
A video of favorable back - to - back TV reports about Jindal preceded his introduction to the audience .
And Jindal used his remarks to deep - pocketed Republican donors to emphasize his vision for how the Grand Old Party can get back on track .
He made a point to criticize Obama and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi for a " spending spree " that he said " is costing the taxpayers more than the Iraq war , more than the Vietnam War , and , near and dear to my heart , even more than the Louisiana Purchase . "
Jindal singled out House Republicans for standing up to Obama and helping the GOP return to its conservative roots .
The governor took a controversial stand when he refused to accept $ 98 million in federal stimulus money to expand unemployment benefits in Louisiana , because he said it would force an unfair tax on businesses when the funding ran out .
Democrats and other critics blasted Jindal 's decision , saying he was influenced by presidential ambitions .
But many conservatives saw his decision as a principled stand .
Moments after Jindal wrapped up his remarks Tuesday , Obama held his second prime - time news conference 12 blocks away at the White House .
Last month , Jindal delivered the Republican response following Obama 's joint address to Congress .
The governor was widely panned for his performance , which he addressed Tuesday at the top of his speech .
" Many of you have asked that I reprise my State of the Union response speech , " Jindal said .
" That was a joke by the way .
It 's OK to laugh about it .
" I have just learned that because of President Obama 's opposition to torture , it is now illegal to show my speech to prisoners at Gitmo , " he added .
The governor 's speech then took on a serious tone when he emphasized the need for Republicans to put the 2008 election behind them and embrace the role of loyal opposition party .
" It 's time to declare our time of introspection and navel - gazing officially over , " Jindal said .
" It 's time to get on with the business of charting America 's future .
So , as of now , be it hereby resolved that we will focus on America 's future , and on standing up for fiscal sanity , before it is too late . "
With the next presidential election three years away and the fact that he has to face Louisiana voters in 2011 if he seeks re-election , it is not surprising that Jindal does not publicly express interest in running in 2012 .
But if the governor is considering a presidential bid , he must now focus on learning to become a national candidate and building a political operation .
Unlike potential 2012 rivals such as Mitt Romney and Mike Huckabee , Jindal does n't have a national infrastructure in place , nor the experience the two men gained crisscrossing the country in their failed 2008 bids for the White House .
And Jindal lacks the name recognition of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , a former vice presidential nominee who is said to be considering her own campaign in 2012 .
GOP operative Alex Vogel said it is critical for Jindal or any other Republican candidate to begin amassing a list of national supporters similar to what Obama created for the 2008 campaign .
" It is all about data , " said Vogel , a former senior aide to the Republican National Committee , the National Republican Senatorial Committee and ex-Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist .
" The best candidate in the world is only as good as his database .
How many cell phone numbers , e-mails and mailing addresses can you collect ?
You can't collect that in a presidential campaign .
You have to do that now . "
Vogel also said that beyond " fine - tuning his message , " Jindal needs to continue giving speeches , attending political events and appearing on television if he wants to get used to running for national office .
At 37 , Jindal potentially has a long political future , whether or not he runs for president in 2012 .
" There is plenty of time between now and the primaries for him to tighten his game , " said Jonathan Grella , a GOP strategist who has worked for former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay and the National Republican Senatorial Committee .
" He obviously has got a long ways to go before he performs at a presidential level , and particularly at the Obama level .
That is a tall order .
But Bobby Jindal is an above - average political performer now , and he has plenty of room to grow . "
All About Bobby Jindal • Barack Obama • Republican Party • Louisiana • Economic Stimulus
A new type of worm has been reported to infect 55 different home - based routers and DSL / cable modems has been discovered .
Originating in Australia , Psyb0t , is the first worm capable of infecting residential routers and modems , including common brands like Linksys and Netgear .
A blog post from DroneBL researchers says that Psyb0t ( also known as Bluepill ) is suspected of infecting at least 100,000 hosts .
( Source : dronebl.org )
Check Your Vulnerability
According to DroneBL , you 're only vulnerable if :
Your network device is a mipsel device
Your device allows telnet , SSH or web - based interfaces via the Wide Area Network ( WAN )
Your username and password combinations are weak , or the daemons that your firmware uses are exploitable
Devices using custom firmware such as OpenWRT and DD - Wrt are also vulnerable .
The routers and modems that end up infected do so typically because of an incorrect or lax configuration .
( Source : dronebl.org )
Plenty Of Time to Infect Devices
According to PC World , Psyb0t is armed with 6,000 common usernames and 13,000 popular passwords that it uses in dictionary attack to gain access to your network .
( Source : pcworld.com )
Many routers allow unlimited attempts to enter the correct username and password , which makes them a perfect target .
Since most routers and modems are usually on 24 hours a day , the worm ( which is powered through a botnet ) has plenty of time to try gaining access .
Psyb0t is hard to detect and most home users may not be aware that they 're infected .
Once infected , the worm carries out commands from the author , creating a botnet .
Threat Posed by Psyb0t May be Overstated
APC Magazine reports that the botnet capabilities for this worm are no longer active .
( Source : pcworld.com )
The DroneBL blog says that the threat posed by Psyb0t is overstated .
However , its appearance is troubling since it is so hard to detect and could be used to steal a user 's personal information .
( Source : dronebl.org )
Regardless , it 's very important to take precautionary measures such as making sure you do n't use the default password and username that came with your modem / router ( for example ) .
Do n't use weak or easy - to - guess passwords and usernames , either .
If you 're afraid you may be infected , performing a simple factory reset will kill the worm , but then you 'll have to make sure to change your default user name / password login .
( Source : pcworld.com )
More information on the Psyb0t worm can be found from the DroneBL blog .
Visit Bill 's Links and More for more great tips , just like this one !
Death and destruction on the cocaine trail
9 March 2009 : Rory Carroll traces the bloody route of Latin America 's most profitable drug , from being produced in the Andes to being fished out of the sea as ' white lobster ' by smugglers across the globe
When working with businesses , one problem I see over and over again is people who do n’t know how to write an efficient email .
For example , I was helping a business put processes into place to streamline their help desk .
Some of the requests that were coming into the tracking system just boggled my mind .
My English 101 classes years ago spent a lot of time explaining that authors need to think about the reader .
It does n’t matter what you write–it matters how the reader understands what you write .
Unfortunately , people forget this when writing emails .
Here are some of the emails I ’ve seen ( with names changed to protect the innocent and guilty parties ) :
My computer does n’t work .
Help !!!!!
— Jane
Regardless of how talented , help desk personnel are n’t going to be mind readers .
Jane has n’t given them any information that is useful .
I ca n’t get to my folders .
— Sue What folders ca n’t you get to ?
— Help Desk Yes .
– Sue I ’m afraid I do n’t understand your response .
I can probably find them or restore them from backup , but you ’ll have to tell me what you are looking for .
What folders are missing ?
— Help Desk ( three days pass )
Do you still need help with this ?
Did you find the folders ?
If not let me know what folder you are looking for so I can help .
— Help Desk
They still are n’t there .
— Sue Ok can you tell me what was in the folders ?
Maybe if I know what they were used for I can help you find them .
– Help Desk I guess there is n’t anything we can do about it .
Such is life …
— Sue
I felt bad for the help desk employees .
They were trying ever so patiently to help Sue , but she seemed incapable of giving them any useful information .
Even when asked for it in different ways , it does n’t even appear she is reading the emails she is responding to .
( Had I been the one on the receiving end of the “ yes ” message , I would have been tempted to responded with “ 42 ” or something along those lines . )
These examples all involved a help desk , but the same thing happens in all kinds of email exchanges .
When you write an email , do your best to reduce the number of back and forth messages .
If it is something you ca n’t adequately explain in a message , consider using the phone or meeting in person .
Skill in writing email is the same as any type of writing .
Your ability to define what information you want to convey and then compose text that successfully puts that information in the mind of the reader is what determines your level of email writing skill .
Here are some tips that will help you write more effective , efficient emails :
Write from the reader ’s standpoint – Make sure you pay attention to the knowledge and experience level of your reader .
Define unfamiliar acronyms and use their language .
– Make sure you pay attention to the knowledge and experience level of your reader .
Define unfamiliar acronyms and use their language .
Include necessary background information – I will often write a short email asking a question and then at the bottom add additional background or clarifying information .
For example , if I ’m writing to someone who is new in their position , I may include a bit of background history explaining the current state of affairs .
By putting it after my signature , they can continue reading if they have questions , but it does not make my message overly long for people who are already familiar with everything that is going on .
– I will often write a short email asking a question and then at the bottom add additional background or clarifying information .
For example , if I ’m writing to someone who is new in their position , I may include a bit of background history explaining the current state of affairs .
By putting it after my signature , they can continue reading if they have questions , but it does not make my message overly long for people who are already familiar with everything that is going on .
Anticipate questions –
As you compose your email , keep asking yourself “ what questions will this statement likely prompt from the reader ? ”
Sometimes this may lead you to add another sentence that will clarify your meaning .
Sometimes it may prompt you to add an attachment of related information .
In some situations , it might even make sense to put a FAQ ( frequently asked questions ) at the end of your message .
– As you compose your email , keep asking yourself “ what questions will this statement likely prompt from the reader ? ”
Sometimes this may lead you to add another sentence that will clarify your meaning .
Sometimes it may prompt you to add an attachment of related information .
In some situations , it might even make sense to put a FAQ ( frequently asked questions ) at the end of your message .
Keep messages short – Long messages tend to get ignored .
Try to keep your message short .
If it needs to be longer , be sure the first paragraph gives a good summary .
I ’ve found that writing a one or two paragraph message , my signature , and then the bulk of supporting data ( after my signature ) helps increase the chance that they will read the first part of my message .
I anticipate that some people will look at this and say , “ This is crazy .
If I tried to do this , it would take forever to write a message . ”
First , be smart about this .
Not every email requires the same level of detail .
Second , consider how much longer it will take to try to clarify your position in subsequent messages .
Communicating in a way that produces fewer questions and less confusion to your reader means fewer interruptions for both of you in the future .
It is easy to underestimate how much time it saves to do things right in the first place .
The Council of Europe 's anti-torture committee on Thursday demanded an immediate cessation to the practice of surgically castrating convicted sex offenders in the Czech Republic .
According to news agency AFP , in a report published following visits to two Czech psychiatric hospitals and two Czech prisons , the committee said the practice " amounts to degrading treatment . "
Questionable consent
" Surgical castration is a mutilating , irreversible intervention and cannot be considered as a medical necessity in the context of the treatment of sex offenders , " it said , adding that " the intervention removes a person 's ability to procreate and has serious physical and mental consequences . "
The report went on to say that " given the context in which the intervention is offered , it is questionable whether consent to the option of surgical castration will always be truly free and informed . "
So far 50 sex offenders have gone under the knife
The report said investigators found there could be situations where patients or prisoners " acquiesce rather than consent , believing that it is the only available option to them " to avoid indefinite confinement .
Castration in Europe
This is n't the first time the Council of Europe has spoken up about the topic ; they had already expressed their concern over the program back in 2007 .
Additionally , the use of surgical castration has sparked an international debate on how ethical it is .
The Czech Republic is the only nation in Europe that uses surgical castration as a means to punish sex offenders .
However , Britain , France and Poland have started testing chemical castration .
' Inexact information '
Prague also has a chemical castration program , and since 2000 , some 300 Czech patients have undergone the procedure , with a further 50 being surgically castrated , according to government statistics .
But the committee said Prague -- which has since taken the rotating presidency of the European Union -- had provided " inexact information " on the numbers .
Summary : Our newest research on mobile usability shows an improvement in mobile UX .
The responsive - design trend has inspired sites and apps to prioritize content over UI elements and include essential content and features on mobile .
Our 3rd edition of the report with mobile UX guidelines made me reflect on how this field has changed in the past 7 years .
Back in 2009 , Jakob Nielsen deemed mobile usability an oxymoron : most sites had terrible usability , as designers were exploring the design space and trying different alternatives .
Now we can confidently say that mobile usability has improved and many sites have decent usability , even when used on a phone .
Much like fashion , UI design trends recur , and each year brings in its share of new “ styles ” .
Skeumorphism , flat design , accordions , tabs , hamburgers , gestures , infinite lists , mini-IAs : in the past years we ’ve seen many of these come and go , and then come back .
Some have been around since the beginnings of mobile web .
So what ’s produced the current change in mobile usability ?
Part of it is just experience with the medium : we now have 9 years of designing for mobile under our belt , if you start counting back in 2007 when the iPhone came out .
This is a lot less than our experience with the desktop web , but still enough time to explore and experiment with design alternatives .
Another reason is that most sites have finally understood that they must deliver an experience tailored to mobile .
Our previous editions of the mobile report spent some time convincing companies of the necessity of tweaking the experience for mobile .
We no longer feel that this is needed : most companies have understood that they cannot just deliver the full - site experience on mobile .
So we do n’t need to argue why having a mobile - optimized user experience is necessary .
Last , but not least , the popularity of responsive web design ( RWD ) has had an overall - positive influence on mobile usability .
The Effects of Responsive Design on Mobile Usability
Just recently someone asked me on Twitter if I still “ prefer mobile sites over responsive design in 2015 . ”
This was based on our book Mobile Usability and on Jakob Nielsen ’s controversial and much misunderstood article Mobile Site vs. Full Site .
The short answer is no , I do n’t prefer mobile sites or responsive ones .
What I do like is sites that deliver the best mobile user experience , whatever the site type .
And sometimes the best experience is provided by a mobile - dedicated site , sometimes by a responsive site .
In truth , users do n’t care if a site is responsive or not : they simply do n’t see any difference between a mobile - dedicated site and a responsive site .
For them , anything that does not look the same as the desktop site is a mobile site .
And if mobile sites have poor usability , they are not “ mobile optimized . ”
( Only a month ago , a participant in one of our studies complained that the Boston Globe site , one of the more famous sites employing responsive design , was not mobile optimized because the pages were too long and she could not find whatever she was looking for on the page . )
From a usability standpoint , it does n’t matter how the site is implemented : responsive or mobile - dedicated , they all must obey the same rules of mobile design .
Some may argue that content and feature parity is what distinguishes responsive vs. mobile dedicated , but that is not necessarily true : there are responsive sites that do not show the full set of features or content available on the desktop sites , and there are mobile sites that do have content and feature parity .
Plus , for many sites , content and feature parity is the right answer , and for others a good mobile experience means trimming down on content and features .
The difference between RWD and mobile - dedicated is mostly at the strategy and implementation levels : responsive sites do have behind a unique content repository and a unified strategy ; and from that angle , it definitely makes sense to avoid duplicating effort and hosting the same content everywhere .
But it ’s not responsive design per se that I want to talk about .
I ’d like to talk about the influence of responsive design on mobile usability in these few past years .
And I think that overall it ’s been a good influence and a few years of significant progress .
Because often RWD starts with designing for mobile , we have seen an increased awareness of basic mobile - usability principles .
These principles were around since the very beginnings of the mobile web , but the popularity of RWD has put them into focus and made them more salient .
First , as I said before , content and feature parity is not what distinguishes a mobile - dedicated site from a responsive one .
However , even though not all responsive sites provide the same features and content on mobile , RWD has made it clear that at least some form of content and feature parity may be desirable in many instances .
As a result , most companies have understood the need of delivering a decent mobile experience , that is not reduced to 2 –3 randomly picked pieces of content .
Only a few years ago IKEA ’s mobile site showed a single bed in their list of bedroom - furniture items .
Now most sites do understand that mobile content cannot be arbitrarily limited .
The answer to a question should be the same regardless of where the question is asked : mobile , desktop , tablet .
The second big implication of responsive design has been that sites have finally understood that content must be prioritized over chrome on mobile .
( “ Chrome ” refers to all the UI elements : buttons , menus , links , and so on . )
It does n’t mean that designers have found the sweet spot for the mobile content–to–chrome ratio : they ’re still learning and experimenting with hiding the navigation under the hamburger menu versus exposing it in tab bars and or abbreviating it in narrow navigation bars .
But designers seem to finally agree that we need to prioritize content on mobile .
Last but not least , some of the techniques that often benefit responsive sites ( e.g. , sticky navigation , back - to - top buttons , accordions , and even the much discussed hamburger menu ) have started to be adopted by other sites and apps , often with results that have improved usability .
( A note on the hamburger menu for navigation : it does reduce navigation discoverability even on mobile , but for some sites or apps it may still be the best solution . )
What Designers Still Need to Learn
So , if RWD has helped improve mobile usability , does that mean that responsive sites are more usable on mobile ?
Not necessarily .
RWD has made content prioritization and content parity part of the conversation , and overall , mobile design has benefitted .
But RWD has also had negative impacts on mobile usability , perhaps the most important being that of the superlong page .
Designers were told that the fold does n’t matter , because , since the screen is so tiny on mobile , what else can users do but scroll ?
And yes , they scroll , but only if they are enticed to .
There are ways to fix the long page , and good sites take advantage of them .
For instance , long pages marry well with mini-IAs — mini table of contents at the beginning of the page — that tell users what the page is about and implement direct access to the various sections .
Long mobile pages also work well with accordions , with sticky navigation , and back - to - top buttons .
More and more sites , responsive or not , take advantage of these constructs , although these have yet to become mainstream concepts like the hamburger menus .
Another important issue that is still not well understood by designers is that mobile content needs to be layered .
That does not mean that we need to arbitrarily cut it or hide ( which unfortunately is what many do ) , but rather that we need to prioritize the gist and defer the details to secondary pages .
And last , but not least , we need to learn how to fit our desktop - based , deep information architecture into a 2 - level navigation that is usable on mobile .
A deep information architecture ( often supported by cascading menus on the desktop ) does n’t translate well on mobile : it often forces the user to take too many steps to reach the content .
What It Means for Desktop Users
Unfortunately I could write pretty much the opposite article about the influence of responsive design on the usability of desktop sites .
The idea of starting RWD by designing for mobile has been great for mobile , but quite catastrophic for the desktop .
We ’ve lately seen on the desktop long pages devoid of information , hidden navigation and search , as well as big images and a poorly understood concept of prioritizing the content over chrome .
Unfortunately we cannot design with only one device in mind when users are distributed across multiple platforms : we need to take into account the specifics and the strengths of each device and tweak our designs so they match the capacity of the communication channel with that device .
New Research Report
Our many mobile - usability findings and guidelines are captured in our new report Mobile User Experience .
( Now published in a newer edition , reflecting events and research after this article was written . )
Many guidelines reflect the current mobile patterns and interactions ; old guidelines that were still retained were revamped with new examples .
Who would you say your hero is ?
Mother Teresa ?
Abe Lincoln ?
Jesus Christ ?
Those are all very good role models , but according to a new Harris poll , none of them were America 's # 1 answer .
When asked whom they admired enough to call their heroes , a cross-section of over 2,500 adult Americans mentioned President Barack Obama most often .
Jesus Christ and Martin Luther King came in second and third , respectively .
The respondents named their heroes spontaneously and were not provided with a list of names to choose from .
Others in the top ten , in descending order , included Ronald Reagan , George W. Bush , Abraham Lincoln , John McCain , John F. Kennedy , Chesley Sullenberger , and Mother Teresa .
Participants were asked to explain their choice of heroes .
The most popular reasons were " doing what 's right regardless of personal consequences , " " not giving up until the goal is accomplished , " and " doing more than what other people expect of them . "
The same poll had been conducted in 2001 .
Back then , Barack Obama was completely unknown , and George W. Bush rated only 19th ( and is now fifth on the list ) .
Also at that time , John Wayne and Michael Jordan ranked 8th and 9th respectively and have now dropped out of the top 20 .
Colin Powell went from third to 16th .
It is also interesting to note that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ranks higher ( 12th ) than her husband former President Bill Clinton ( 16th , tied with Colin Powell and George Washington ) .
The poll findings harken back to March 1966 when John Lennon told a British newspaper that he thought the Beatles were more popular than Jesus .
The backlash was incredible , with the American Bible Belt protesting in the South and Midwest , and conservative groups staging public burnings of Beatles ' records and memorabilia .
Hopefully , Obama will be spared the grief Lennon got in the 60s .
" I 'm not saying that we 're better or greater , or comparing us with Jesus Christ as a person or God as a thing or whatever it is , " he said in a follow - up interview , claiming he was just stating a fact regarding the youth in England at that time .
The entire list of responses to the recent poll and other results can be viewed at the Harris Interactive Web site .
Matt Bartosik , former blogger of The Chicago Traveler and editor of Off the Rocks ' next issue , says Batman is his hero .
The Bush Administration left this country with one of the worst economic disasters , two wars with the Iraq War destroying the Middle East region which we NEVER should have invaded , and disastrous domestic policy that will take years to fix .
But Ari Fleischer will defend the Bush Administration until the end .
The video makes one just shake their head .
You ’ve been there before : someone asks you for a copy of your resume , so you do a quick search on your computer , you pull up a list of files , try to figure out which one is up to date , find it , then open it , see it ’s in the wrong format , find the one in the right format , update that , save it and send it out .
But future you will go through the same process unless you come up with a better way .
Most people , if not most software developers , likely have a bunch of documents saved in various formats in various locations on their computer .
If they ’re organized , maybe it will be a list of documents in a single folder .
But unless you ’ve done the leg work up front , coming up with the right resume can look like this every time .
I ’ve seen some attempts to combat this bad behavior and make the process easier for people to manage , mainly in the form of some service where you go and update your resume , which is then consumable in some way , shape or form .
But then I have to remember what service I used three years ago to save my resume .
Then I have to remember my credentials ( if I ’m smart , I ’m using a password manager and this is n’t an issue ) .
Then I have to log in , and go through the process of learning things again before finally coming up with the end product .
I ’ve also seen some static resume generators as well , but they suffer from most of the same problems .
So as I found myself going through this process for the nth time recently , I decided I was going to be a friend to future Scott and come up with a better way .
I wanted a way to have a single source of truth ( JSON , YAML , some kind of file that represents all the data for my resume ) , then a way to tie that to a template , and a way to generate the actual files that people actually ask for ( generally , PDF , but also Markdown / HTML in certain cases ) .
Before this , I was keeping my resume updated in Microsoft Word , which meant sending out a DOC / DOCX file , which people could monkey with , or I ’d have to take the trouble to update the Word doc , then save it to PDF every time there ’s some change to my resume — a process I do n’t care to repeat .
So , to avoid monkeying and arduous processes , I decided to use processes I use every day to keep an up - to - date resume in a way that ’s easy to update , has instructions for future me , is publicly accessible ( so I ’m not sending things around as an attachment ) , and bonus , has revision history !
What resulted was a tiny bundle of technologies pulled from my everyday life : Gulp , Gulp libraries and Mustache templates .
That ’s pretty much it .
Gulp is a toolkit to automate building processes , and has a very active community constantly generating helpful libraries , of which I use several :
gulp - clean
To clean out my dist folder ( generally when files are being regenerated ) .
gulp - html2pdf
To take a generated HTML file and convert it to a PDF .
gulp - mustache
To take Mustache templates and output them to whatever text - based format I need them in .
gulp - rename
To be able to rename files after they ’re generated .
And Mustache templates are extremely simple templates that allow you to inject data in from a JSON file .
The end result is a very simple process where I update my JSON resume ( which is just structured data ) , then run npm run build on my local system and all of the files are generated for me .
I then commit those locally and push them up to Github where they are publicly accessible .
Here ’s an example of me adding a couple of small changes to my resume and pushing those up :
~/ Documents / Resume master * ❯ git diff | cat diff -- git a/src/data/resume.json b/src/data/resume.json index 41d6802..923b079 100644 --- a/src/data/resume.json +++ b/src/data/resume.json @@ - 4,7 +4,7 @@ " email " : " [ email protected ] " , " phone " : " 949-209-9040 " , " website " : " https://scottmw.com " , - " about " : " Scott has been programming since the age of 10 and has over 15 years of professional experience in web application development .
While his focus has been mainly on PHP - based development platforms ( Drupal , WordPress , Magento ) , more recently he has focused on the benefits of using Node.js +
React in conjunction with REST API to create a much - improved , isomorphic experience for the end user that scales well .
Outside of work , his interests run from writing short fiction to creating / improving open source projects . " , + " about " : " Scott has been programming since the age of 10 and has over 15 years of professional experience in web application development .
While his focus has been mainly on PHP - based development platforms ( WordPress , Magento , etc. ) , more recently he has focused on the benefits of using React and Redux in conjunction with REST API to create a much - improved experience for the end user that scales well .
Outside of work , his interests run from writing short fiction to creating / improving open source projects . " , " profiles " : [ { " service " : " Github " , @@ - 46,7 +46,7 @@ " skills " : [ { " title " : " Progamming Languages " , - " items " : " PHP7 , JavaScript ES6/7 , CSS , SASS , Stylus , HTML , Python , Ruby , MySQL " + " items " : " PHP7 , JavaScript ES6/ ES7 / Node.js , CSS , SASS , Stylus , HTML , Python , Ruby , MySQL " } , { " title " : " Frameworks " , ~/ Documents / Resume master * ❯ git add src/data/resume.json ~/ Documents / Resume master * ❯ git commit -m " Move Node.js to Programming skills " [ master fdaccbe ]
Move Node.js to Programming skills 1 file changed , 2 insertions (+ ) , 2 deletions (-)
~/ Documents / Resume master ❯ npm run build > [ email protected ] build / Users / scott / Documents / Resume > gulp build [ 14:12:52 ]
Using gulpfile ~/ Documents / Resume/gulpfile.js [ 14:12:52 ]
Starting ' build ' ... [ 14:12:52 ]
Starting ' clean ' ... [ 14:12:52 ]
Finished ' clean ' after 7.86 ms [ 14:12:52 ]
Starting ' html ' ... [ 14:12:52 ]
Finished ' html ' after 3.55 ms [ 14:12:52 ]
Starting ' markdown ' ... [ 14:12:52 ]
Starting ' pdf '... [ 14:12:52 ]
Finished ' markdown ' after 1.79 ms [ 14:12:52 ]
Finished ' pdf ' after 5.2 ms [ 14:12:52 ]
Finished ' build ' after 20 ms ~/ Documents / Resume master * ❯ git add dist / ~/ Documents / Resume master * ❯ git commit -m " Add built files " [ master 55b7274 ]
Add built files 3 files changed , 2 insertions (+ ) , 2 deletions (-) ~/ Documents / Resume master ⇡ ❯ git push -u Enumerating objects : 11 , done .
Counting objects : 100 % ( 11/11 ) , done .
Delta compression using up to 8 threads Compressing objects : 100 % ( 6/6 ) , done .
Writing objects : 100 % ( 6/6 ) , 1.17 KiB | 1.17 MiB/s , done .
Total 6 ( delta 4 ) , reused 0 ( delta 0 ) , pack - reused 0 remote : Resolving deltas : 100 % ( 4/4 ) , completed with 4 local objects .
To github.com:tdlm/resume.git fdaccbe..55b7274 master -> master Branch ' master ' set up to track remote branch ' master ' from ' origin ' .
If you are n’t used to working with any kind of Git - like source control , this might seem like a lot ; if you ’re used to it , however , you can probably see how this is just like your daily flow in a lot of ways , and it ’s just a matter of changing the right files .
Another cool thing you can do with Gulp is watch for changes and perform actions afterward .
In this example , I am updating my resume . json file in Visual Studio Code editor and changes are being “ seen ” by Gulp , which then re-generates the files several times as I edit :
~/ Documents / Resume master ❯ npm run watch > [ email protected ] watch / Users / scott / Documents / Resume > gulp watcher [ 14:25:28 ]
Using gulpfile ~/ Documents / Resume/gulpfile.js [ 14:25:28 ]
Starting ' watcher '... [ 14:25:28 ]
Finished ' watcher ' after 12 ms [ 14:29:52 ]
Starting ' clean ' ... [ 14:29:52 ]
Finished ' clean ' after 9.33 ms [ 14:29:52 ]
Starting ' html ' ... [ 14:29:52 ]
Finished ' html ' after 4.62 ms [ 14:29:52 ]
Starting ' markdown ' ... [ 14:29:52 ]
Starting ' pdf ' ... [ 14:29:52 ]
Finished ' markdown ' after 2.28 ms [ 14:29:52 ]
Finished ' pdf ' after 4.76 ms [ 14:30:50 ]
Starting ' clean ' ... [ 14:30:50 ]
Finished ' clean ' after 2.17 ms [ 14:30:50 ]
Starting ' html ' ... [ 14:30:50 ]
Finished ' html ' after 2.2 ms [ 14:30:50 ]
Starting ' markdown ' ... [ 14:30:50 ]
Starting ' pdf ' ... [ 14:30:50 ]
Finished ' markdown ' after 1.88 ms [ 14:30:50 ]
Finished ' pdf ' after 3.16 ms [ 14:32:05 ]
Starting ' clean ' ... [ 14:32:05 ]
Finished ' clean ' after 1.87 ms [ 14:32:05 ]
Starting ' html ' ... [ 14:32:05 ]
Finished ' html ' after 2.32 ms [ 14:32:05 ]
Starting ' markdown '... [ 14:32:05 ]
Starting ' pdf ' ... [ 14:32:05 ]
Finished ' markdown ' after 2.25 ms [ 14:32:05 ]
Finished ' pdf ' after 3.41 ms [ 14:32:27 ]
Starting ' clean ' ... [ 14:32:27 ]
Finished ' clean ' after 2.45 ms [ 14:32:27 ]
Starting ' html ' ... [ 14:32:27 ]
Finished ' html ' after 1.92 ms [ 14:32:27 ]
Starting ' markdown ' ... [ 14:32:27 ]
Starting ' pdf ' ... [ 14:32:27 ]
Finished ' markdown ' after 7.8 ms [ 14:32:27 ]
Finished ' pdf ' after 11 ms ^C ~/ Documents / Resume master * 7 m 37s ❯ git status
On branch master Your branch is up to date with ' origin / master ' .
Changes not staged for commit : ( use " git add < file > ... " to update what will be committed ) ( use " git restore < file > ... " to discard changes in working directory ) modified : dist/scott-weaver_resume.html modified : dist/scott-weaver_resume.md modified : dist/scott-weaver_resume.pdf modified : src/data/resume.json no changes added to commit ( use " git add " and / or " git commit - a " ) ~/ Documents / Resume master * ❯ git add dist / src/ ~/ Documents / Resume master * ❯ git commit -m " Add gun.io experience " [ master c013317 ]
Add gun.io experience 4 files changed , 51 insertions (+ ) rewrite dist / scott-weaver_resume.pdf ( 63 % ) ~/ Documents / Resume master ⇡ ❯ git push -u Enumerating objects : 17 , done .
Counting objects : 100 % ( 17/17 ) , done .
Delta compression using up to 8 threads Compressing objects : 100 % ( 8/8 ) , done .
Writing objects : 100 % ( 9/9 ) , 28.62 KiB | 14.31 MiB/s , done .
Total 9 ( delta 4 ) , reused 0 ( delta 0 ) , pack - reused 0 remote : Resolving deltas : 100 % ( 4/4 ) , completed with 4 local objects .
To github.com:tdlm/resume.git 901745a..c013317 master -> master Branch ' master ' set up to track remote branch ' master ' from ' origin ' .
What this process lets me do is see changes as I make them ; I make the change , hit save , then navigate to the file in Finder , open it in the appropriate app ( Preview , Chrome , whatever ) and I can instantly see the updated change in the appropriate style .
Only when I am satisfied to I then commit the file up to the repo .
Of course , this is me using this the first time .
The real test will come the next time I ’m hunting for a job and need to pull up my latest resume .
Hopefully the time it takes me to deliver the document is significantly lower .
Another benefit I forgot to mention is that this way encourages me to list projects as I complete them rather than waiting to try and remember them at some later date !
As BitTorrent tracker the Pirate Bay awaits its fate across the border in Sweden , Norway 's NRK public broadcaster is embracing peer - to - peer like only Scandinavians know how - it 's beginning to give away its TV shows as torrents .
It 's a radically different strategy - broadcasters usually regard P2P file sharing as a problem .
NRK ran a limited test of the idea in 2008 ; now it says the practice was " very successful " and is setting up its own torrent tracker , using the same software that powers Pirate Bay , to distribute more , high - quality , full - length shows more regularly .
Not only will NRK save on distribution costs ( with P2P , it 's the recipients who transfer the files ) , it will also attract more viewers from the community of torrent fans and - as an interesting byproduct - more international viewers for its publicly - funded programming .
Viewers have already begun writing " fansubs " - homebrew English subtitles - for the shows .
Project manager Erik Solheim : " Experience from our early tests show that if we 're the best provider of our own content we also gain control of it . "
And NRK should even be able to overcome cross - border rights issues with producers : " It seems like it should be possible to find a solution where NRK gets the rights it needs and the rights holders get the compensation they want . "
NRK is endorsing the Miro player .
From paidContent : UK :
• Interview : Patrick Walker , YouTube : PRS rates ' ridiculous ' , would lose us money
• Guardian launches open - platform API developer progamme ; will it make money ?
• European lawmakers vote to cap roamed SMS charges , data downloads ; differences remain
• European Paypal rival MoneyBookers up for sale
• Professional networkers ' site CitySocialising finds funds to expand
• Industry Moves : ITV online sales chief cole leaving as focus shifts to video
• Earnings : Local publisher Archant 's web still strong as print ops slide
From paidContent :
• What online ad meltdown ?
TPM creates in - house ad sales business headed by former Yahoo
• AOL hands out the pink slips today ; cuts are part of previously announced reorg
• Who would want to buy a newspaper ?
Eli broad resurfaces
• NYT's Nisenholtz : paid content would be ' incremental revenue '
• Facebook becoming major traffic driver ; will the revenue come next ?
• Yahoo newspaper consortium adds Boston Globe and St Petersburg Times
• ESPN360 unveils self - serve ads for live march hoops video streams
• Beyond ad sales : retail , subscription revenues for casual games are up , too
DENVER --
Oil companies have gained control over billions of gallons of water from Western rivers in preparation for future efforts to extract oil from shale deposits under the Rocky Mountains , according to a new report by an environmental group that opposes such projects .
The group , Western Resource Advocates , used public records to conclude that energy companies are collectively entitled to divert more than 6.5 billion gallons of water a day during peak river flows .
The companies also hold rights to store , in dozens of reservoirs , ...
UNITED NATIONS ( Reuters ) - The Obama administration will work with the United Nations to reach a climate change deal acceptable to the world community by the end of 2009 , U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon said on Thursday .
Speaking to reporters after a two - day trip to Washington earlier this week , Ban said he and the new American leader agreed completely on the urgency of tackling the problem of global warming .
“ President Obama and I share a fundamental commitment -- 2009 must be the year of climate change .
That means reaching a comprehensive agreement in Copenhagen by year ’s end , ” the U.N. chief said at a monthly news conference .
“ With U.S. leadership , in partnership with the United Nations , we can and will reach a climate change deal that all nations can embrace , ” he added .
The U.N. hopes to have a new global treaty on climate change in place at a conference in Copenhagen in December .
Some experts warn that the world will face more droughts , floods and rising seas if global warming is not addressed soon .
Ban will attend the G20 leaders ’ summit in London next month amid fears that the issue could be pushed far down the agenda by the global economic crisis and the need to restore faith in shattered financial markets .
The U.N. chief had planned to invite Obama and other leaders to New York this month for what was dubbed a “ mini summit ” on climate change , hoping that the U.S. president would use the occasion to announce a reversal on the issue .
Former U.S. President George W. Bush was criticized in much of the developed world for rejecting the U.N. Kyoto Protocol , which set binding targets for reducing the greenhouse gas emissions that contribute to global warming .
The mini summit was shelved because of the unlikelihood that the U.S. president would attend and the realization that the issue would be raised by the G20 in London , according to diplomats and U.N. officials .
Ban also said on Thursday that he would urge the G20 nations to honor their commitments to help the world ’s poorest and most vulnerable countries and push ahead with investments in environmentally friendly initiatives .
“ President Obama and I further agreed that ‘ green ’ investments must be a major part of any global stimulus plan , ” he said .
“ If we are going to spend such tremendous sums of money , let us be smart about it . ”
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who is hosting the April 2 summit , supports the idea , according to Ban .
Britain also has dismissed objections from countries like Russia who want the summit to focus exclusively on the financial crisis .
“ We must not allow the financial turmoil to distract us from meeting the challenges of climate change and development , ” said a British government document obtained by Reuters on Wednesday .
Hassan Nasrallah's speech marked the Prophet Mohammed 's birthday
The leader of Lebanon 's Islamist Hezbollah movement , Hassan Nasrallah , has said his group will never recognise Israel 's right to exist .
He was responding to a US suggestion that both Hezbollah and the Palestinian faction Hamas should recognise Israel before expecting any US engagement .
" We reject the American conditions , " he said .
" As long as Hezbollah exists , it will never recognise Israel . "
Israel and Hezbollah 's armed wing fought a bloody conflict in 2006 .
Mr Nasrallah made the statement rejecting the US conditions for talks said in a speech marking the birthday of the Prophet Muhammad .
' Positive developments '
Hezbollah leads a bloc in Lebanon 's parliament that has veto power over major decisions in the unity government .
The coalition was formed last year after a political crisis that brought the country to the brink of civil war .
Last week , the UK said it would establish low - level contacts with the group , citing " positive political developments " .
A British diplomat told the BBC's Kim Ghattas in Washington that the decision had been driven by the belief that it was possible to encourage Hezbollah to move away from violence .
But a senior US official told reporters on condition of anonymity that he was unhappy with the move .
He said he would have liked Britain to explain " the difference between the political , military and social wings of Hezbollah because we do n't see a difference between the integrated leadership as they [ the British ] see it " .
The US and Israel regard Hezbollah as a terrorist organisation .
Cornyn petition : Limbaugh attack is an ' outrage '
In an email to supporters , NRSC Chairman John Cornyn presses the Republican response to the Limbaugh attack : That Obama is playing unseemly politics -- the kind he campaigned against -- and trying to distract from spending plans .
" This is an outrage , " Cornyn writes , echoing John Boehner 's Washingon Post op -ed .
The letter :
Dear Friend : During his campaign last year , President Obama promised to bring a new tone to Washington .
He decried partisan politics and in a speech last September said , “ We have real problems in this country right now and the American people are looking to us for answers , not distractions , no diversions , not manipulations . ”
Yet , just weeks into his Administration the President ’s staff has been caught engaging in a coordinated and cynical political attack game – the very diversion and manipulation then - candidate Obama attacked the McCain campaign for last year .
The apparent goal of this strategy was to distract public attention from the Democrats ’ massive spending proposals by depicting Rush Limbaugh as the new face of the Republican Party .
Democrats needed the distraction -- over the course of only seven weeks of the current Congressional session , Senate Democrats have passed more spending than the previous Administration spent on Iraq , Afghanistan , and Katrina recovery combined .
According to Politico newspaper yesterday , this coordinated strategy began with “ conversations and email exchanges ” taking place “ in and out of the White House ” between former Clinton political operative James Carville , the political team at the Democrat National Committee , and White House staff .
The article goes on to note that “ a senior White House aide has been tasked with helping to guide the Limbaugh strategy . ”
This is an outrage .
It appears the Obama Administration has forgotten that the salaries of White House staff are paid for by you the taxpayer .
To say nothing of the fact that this story reeks of hypocrisy coming from a President who campaigned against these very cynical political tactics last fall .
President Obama owes the American people an explanation .
His staff should apologize to the American people for supporting these tactics and diverting attention to the hard work that needs to be done to get America ’s economy back on track .
Please join me in signing this petition and calling on the Obama White House to come clean on this matter .
Join me in asking them to work with Republicans on the critical issues facing our country today .
The American people deserve better than diversions and manipulations .
Sincerely , U.S. Sen. John Cornyn National Republican Senatorial Committee Chairman
Oooooh Dan just got his new Amazon Kindle 2 today !
While i have n’t seen it in person yet , he sent me some closeups of those details and all that glossy on matte black he knows i love … take a peek at how fun it looks on the next page !
Love the packaging once again !
p.s .
A bit quiet here , been pretty distracted moving / settling into the new house ~ finally got functional internet ( Time Warner was terrible , Verizon is doing pretty well * fingers crossed * ) ~ so during the lulls , hang out at NOTCOT.org for tons of goodness constantly going up , and if you find more that i’m missing , feel free to submit your finds too !
And been poking at Twitter more lately , feel free to follow NOTCOT randomness there as well !
Mozilla has finally released the third beta of Firefox 3.1 after several delays brought on by show - stopping bugs in its new JavaScript engine TraceMonkey .
Testers can expect a speedier Gecko rendering engine for web pages from the latest beta , as well as more stable execution of JavaScript - based websites , said Mozilla .
Firefox 3.1 beta 3 comes with W3C Geolocation API , CSS 2.1 and 3 properties , SVG transforms and offline applications support .
It also boasts improved Private Browsing Mode for all your porn needs , better web worker thread support and new native JSON parsing support intended to protect the browser against possible code execution .
The group spun out the final beta of Firefox 3.1 , codenamed Shiretoko , yesterday .
Earlier this week Mozilla confirmed that a fourth beta would be released , followed by a release candidate version before the browser is finally shipped .
However , it will arrive under the name Firefox 3.5 to reflect the huge amount of changes in the development of the free browser , which is an incremental upgrade of Firefox 3.0 , has undergone since its inception nine months ago .
Mozilla has been keen to emphasise that the version rename does not mean the browser ’s shipping date will slip behind schedule even further .
The open source organisation still expects to release Firefox 3.5 in the first half of this year .
In fact the firm ’s Mike Beltzner has attempted to justify the oft - delayed release by saying the browser ’s status has been upgraded and can no longer be considered as an inbetweeny version .
" The increase in version number is proposed due to the sheer volume of work which makes Shiretoko feel like much more than a small , incremental improvement over Firefox 3 : TraceMonkey , video tag and player support , improvements to user controls over data privacy , significant improvements in the web layout and rendering platform , and much more , " he said on 5 March .
Firefox 3.1 had originally been expected to land in December last year . ®
There are numerous Firefox add - ons to help enhance your music listening experience .
From those that enable you to control your online or desktop media player , to tools to help you fill in gaps in your album art collection , or tweet your current song to your Twitter followers , here are 16 great Firefox music add - ons to get your groove on .
While we think all 16 are great , we suggest that you install just a few ; Installing too many add - ons will slow down your browser .
Have another music add - on to recommend ?
Tell us about it in the comments .
Music Players and Controls
Fire.fm - Fire.fm was the winner of the Extend Firefox 3 contest , and with good reason .
It gives you full access to the Last . fm library from anywhere you may surf to .
Discover new artists , play favorite tracks , explore people with similar music tastes and more .
FoxyTunes - With FoxyTunes installed you can control just about any media player from directly inside your browser .
Also finds album covers , displays lyrics and more .
GoMuzik -
You can search the GoMuzik library of over 1 million songs and play those you like , make playlists and more .
Lala Control -
While this add - on has same caveats ( a tab must be opened , songs must have started playing or be in your queue ) , it will allow you to control the Lala.com flash player without having to constantly switch tabs all the time .
Music Hutch Toolbar -
This toolbar works exclusively with music and videos on The Music Hutch , and with it you can shuffle and search all of the files for playback .
Music Player Minion -
This extension operates as a client for the Music Player Daemon network , allowing you to control music from one computer on your home network from another .
My Opus Radio -
Adds a player to the status bar to play India 's first online radio station for international music .
Online Music Player -
This music player installs down in your status bar and allows you to play MP3 files either from the web or from local files .
It is also capable of displaying lyrics and managing playlists .
Play Them All - Play
Them
All scans all of the links on a page for ones that end in .mp3 and creates a M3U playlist from them so that you can easily play them .
Radio Eksen -
This add - on will allow you to see what is currently playing on Radio Eksen , a rock radio station in Istanbul , Turkey .
You can click on the display to listen to the station in your media player , check the artist out on Wikipedia or Last . fm , get lyrics from Google and more .
Music Tools
Album - Cover - Art.org - Allows you to search Album - Cover - Art.org for album cover artwork you may be missing for your music collection .
FindThatBand -
Allows you to highlight a band name on a site , right click to select search , and it will pull up information about that band on MySpace , LastFM , Pandora , or Wikipedia .
FiTunes Sidebar Extension - Shows you a sidebar built around the top 25 iTunes Store categories such as singles and albums .
Harmony -
This add - on integrates with Pandora or FoxyTunes to give you real - time information about the music you are listening to , and will also scrobble the songs to your Last . fm account for you .
Song.ly - Song.ly allows you to share songs with all of your Twitter followers with just two clicks , and will take them to a page where the song is embedded in a player for them to hear .
Sort of like Blip.fm , but it works more directly with Twitter .
TwittyTunes -
From the same people who make FoxyTunes , TwittyTunes will allow you to post whatever music you have playing to your Twitter stream .
What is nice is that this is n't done automatically , but only when you click the button , so you wo n't end up spamming your followers with song title after song title .
More music resources from Mashable :
Palin : Couric ,
Fey profited by ' exploiting ' me Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday January 8 , 2009
Print This Email This Conservative talk show host and documentary filmmaker John Ziegler is determined to prove that Barack Obama won the 2008 election because of media bias , and that " the media assassination of [ Sarah Palin ] , her character and family , was one of the greatest public injustices of our time . 
Ziegler has released clips of a January 5 interview with the former vice - presidential candidate , conducted for his documentary in progress , Media Malpractice ...
How Obama Got Elected .
In the interview , Palin repeatedly blamed " the mainstream media " for presenting a distorted impression of her and her family .
In response to a suggestion by Ziegler that " Tina Fey and Katie Couric have been treated almost as heroes among the media elite " because of their role in creating a negative image of her , Palin agreed , saying , " A lot of people are capitalizing on , I do n't know , I think , perhaps , exploiting that was done via me , my family , my administration . "
Palin said she had n't wanted to continue with the Couric interview after the first day because it had gone so badly , but " however it works in , you know , that upper echelon of power brokering ... it was , told me that we were going to go back for more . "
When Ziegler pointed out that Couric has since wondered publicly why no one ever asked Palin , even after the election , why she had n't answered Couric 's question about what news media she reads , Palin sniped back , " Because , Katie , you 're not the center of everybody 's universe .
Maybe that 's why they did n't think to ask that question . "
It 's difficult to tell from the brief clips to what extent Ziegler may have been prompting Palin for answers that would support his thesis of " class bias " producing a media " double standard . "
In one case , however , when Ziegler asked about Caroline Kennedy 's interest in the New York Senate seat , Palin definitely did appear to be following his lead .
" I 've been interested also to see how Caroline Kennedy will be handled , " Palin stated , " and if she 'll be handled with kid gloves or if she 'll be under such a microscope also .
...
We will perhaps be able to prove that there is a class issue here also that was such a factor in the scrutiny of my candidacy . "
Palin 's fervent supporters have remained active since the election .
In response to charges of racism , members of the website www.teamsarah.org recently breathlessly announced that they had foiled " a plot by liberal activists to frame our community for harboring hate speech and bigotry . "
Filmmaker Ziegler has previously come under fire from polling analyst Nate Silver , who characterized a poll commissioned by Ziegler for his documentary as " part of what can best be described as a viral marketing effort to discredit the intelligence of Obama supporters . "
In response to Silver 's criticism , Ziegler insisted that Silver interview him concerning the poll .
However , although Ziegler explained some of the poll 's questionable methodology , he refused to address Silver 's questions about his funding .
Silver asked how much he'd been charged , but Ziegler replied ,
" I 'm not going to tell you that , I 'm not a fucking idiot . "
When asked later who'd paid for it , he answered , " You think I 'm going to tell you that ?
When you 've already shown yourself to be the enemy ? "
Ziegler recently co-produced a documentary with David Bossie -- whose attempts to ferret out dirt on Bill Clinton in the 1990's were funded by conservative billionaire Richard Mellon Scaife -- and he may have suspected that Silver was looking for a similar backer behind his new project .
This video is from YouTube , posted January 7 , 2009 .
During my career I 've been fortunate enough to work with more than one teams ; where we would fight like dogs ; kill each other ; get out of the grave and go grab a cup of coffee together and have a friendly chat .
When you 're working with teams that are so tightly knit and open you may not be always right , but you tend to get thick skinned , full of conviction , highly critical , highly opinionated and blatantly honest in your feedback .
At Multiplitaxion Inc , when I was asked to review a website built by a committee , asked what was wrong with it and how we could improve it , my feedback was spontaneous , honest , straight from my heart and exactly like it had always been when I was working with other teams of kick - ass programmers .
I may not remember the exact words , but basically here is how I reacted :
' The website is Fu@#ked up .
We can sit here and talk for days about what 's wrong with the website or why it 's fu@#ked up , but that 's not the point .
What we really need to do is dump the current version and then have one person take ownership for it , get a few graphic designers , throw in some ideas and have this team , get it done ; afresh .
It 's really that simple . '
It was almost as if I had dropped a dead rat on the meeting table .
The senior project managers in the room looked at each other .
Someone fairly down the pecking order giggled .
One very senior person looked down ; another looked away .
There was silence in the room .
Someone got up ; pretended to check his cell phone and left the meeting room .
To say the least , it was what can be referred to as a rather embarrassing and awkward moment for me and everyone else in the room .
For days I genuinely tried to figure out where I had gone wrong and then I was told that it was the use of the F - word that had triggered a chain reaction and got a lot of senior folks very disappointed ; turns out , a couple of them thought I lacked class .
It has been a long time since then and most people involved with the incident are no longer a part of my life ; so I thought I would do dedicated post on the F - word and how affective it is in the world of software development .
To those reading this far , specifically those who might be knitting their brows and doubting the concept of beauty in ugliness in general and my class in particular , I present to you , Joel 's first encounter with Bill Gates in his fill Review done by Bill :
In those days , Microsoft was a lot less bureaucratic .
Instead of the 11 or 12 layers of management they have today , I reported to Mike Conte who reported to Chris Graham who reported to Pete Higgins , who reported to Mike Maples , who reported to Bill .
About 6 layers from top to bottom .
We made fun of companies like General Motors with their eight layers of management or whatever it was .
In my BillG review meeting , the whole reporting hierarchy was there , along with their cousins , sisters , and aunts , and a person who came along from my team whose whole job during the meeting was to keep an accurate count of how many times Bill said the F word .
The lower the f***- count , the better .
Bill came in .
I thought about how strange it was that he had two legs , two arms , one head , etc. , almost exactly like a regular human being .
The article is an interesting read about how the project review projects worked at Microsoft but ends up describing the importance of the F - word when you sit down to discuss something important , both hilariously and rather accurately .
Joel describes the end of his review session with Bill :
" I do n't know , you guys , " Bill said , " Is anyone really looking into all the details of how to do this ?
Like , all those date and time functions .
Excel has so many date and time functions .
Is Basic going to have the same functions ?
Will they all work the same way ? "
" Yes , " I said , " except for January and February , 1900 . "
Silence .
The f*** counter and my boss exchanged astonished glances .
How did I know that ?
January and February WHAT ?
" OK .
Well , good work , " said Bill .
He took his marked up copy of the spec ... wait !
I wanted that ... and left .
" Four , " announced the f*** counter , and everyone said , " wow , that 's the lowest I can remember .
Bill is getting mellow in his old age . "
He was , you know , 36 .
On a side note if you still have n't clicked the link and still have n't read through the entire Joel 's Bill Gates Review post , I highly recommend that you do .
If you are a traditional manager , you might find the whole idea of being blatantly open , laughing at your own screw ups and bringing things out in the open a little strange ; but we as programmers ; have been filthy mouthed for years .
We 've been filthy mouthed for years ; right from the days when your management teachers in that fancy management school were teaching you how to wear a suit and tie your tie knots .
If you do n't believe me , go to Google Code Search and search for the F - word .
For your viewing pleasure , dear reader , I bring you , some of gems , which I found on my search for ' fun ' with the F - word and how programmers have been using it all the time ; ' under the hood ' far away from the prying eyes of traditional managers who find it difficult to do real work .
Here are some comments found submerged deep down inside the code base of multiple open source projects :
The GSA Code - base /** Only Sun can take such nice parts and f@#ck up the programming interface like this .
Good job guys ... */ The Mozilla Code - base //
No other modifiers can be down .
Especially CTRL .
CTRL+ALT == AltGR , and we 'll f@#ck up on non-US enhanced 102 - key keyboards if we do n't check this .
Code At Perl Monks ##
Ugly as f@#ck , but necessary -- check if there 's a repeat on the previous line at this position , and take care of the + at it 's right - hand - side , to avoid the choice processor becoming confused .
The Open JDK Code Base /*
This method returns the Nth bit that is set in the bit array .
The current position is cached in the following 4 variables and will help speed up a sequence of next ( ) call in an index iterator .
This method is a mess , but it is fast and it works , so do n't f@#ck with it .
/* The Free BSD Code base *
While the GuppiDataTree does expose its GuppiDataTreeNodes , they should be treated as * read - only * .
If you change them , you could really f@#ck things up .
*/
As hilarious and bizarre as me searching for the F - word in the Google code search might sound , it does result in more than 84,000 search results ; quite a few of them happen to be from prominent developers in prominent projects or products .
My point ?
If you work with a manager or managers who think that use of the F - word while coding is evil , extend a hand of friendship ; break the ice ; get them to step out of their stupid ivory tower ; get them to put their feet on the ground and get them to talk like real programmers doing some real work .
If you can't get them to cut the crap and admit that things are fu@#ked up when things are ; run ; and do n't look back because ' acting professional ' and ' acting nice ' is something that can eat years of your professional life and keep you busy for an entire life time ; only to realize that you did ' nothing ' meaningful when your grow white hair on your head .
If you do n't believe me when I talk about the importance of expressiveness of language when you are talking about things that are messed up , ask Ted Dziuba .
The F - word is crucial in software development .
It is in fact , probably the single word that can , with true intensity , describe how bad things are in your project ; particularly when they are really bad .
Thom Holwerda uses his drawing abilities to rightly illustrate : the only valid measurement of code quality is WTFs / minute .
If you do n't have a team where you can get in the room and talked about how f@#cked up things are , chances are high that your project is going to be basically ... f@#cked up .
Chances are also high that you might spend the rest of your work life indulging in mitigated speech .
Long story short ,
If you can't take the F - word sportingly , there is something fu@#ed up with your style of working .
There ; I said it - and you are just going to have to deal with it .
The NIPS community has suffered of an acute convexivitis epidemic :
- ML applications seem to have trouble moving beyond logistic regression , SVMs , and exponential - family graphical models ;
- For a new ML model , convexity is viewed as a virtue ;
- Convexity is sometimes a virtue ;
- But it is often a limitation .
ML theory has essentially never moved beyond convex models - the same way control theory has not really moved beyond linear systems .
SAN FRANCISCO — From his perch on a balcony high above the floor of a dimly - lit nightclub , Chris Hutchins looks out over a sea of long faces and grins .
He 's happy because he 's found his calling .
Hutchins is n't surveying a crowd of boozing hipsters , but rather a mass of over 300 recently laid - off workers from the Bay Area 's technology industry .
They assembled here Tuesday for LaidOffCamp , a free , day - long conference for the recent victims of the souring economy : the unemployed , the self - employed and the freelancers eager to fill their suddenly uncluttered schedules .
" Everybody gets laid off at some point , " he says .
" It 's normal . "
Hutchins should know :
He 's LaidOffCamp 's founder and himself the victim of a recent lay - off .
He says his goal was to provide an opportunity for out - of - work programmers , consultants , IT pros and web designers to give advice to one another , network and maybe find a new gig or start a new company .
Perhaps most of all , he says , the gathering is about empowering those within the growing community to rediscover their roots .
" Getting laid off is an opportunity to find what you 're passionate about , " says Hutchins .
" And not only what you 're passionate about , but how you can leverage that passion to sustain yourself . "
As more and more tech workers are forced to face that great question — " What do I do next ? " — the most enterprising among them are revisiting the goals they once abandoned in favor of a high - paying tech job .
By putting their web - savvy skills to use , they 're finding success .
Hutchins says he 's discovered his own passion , which is organizing community events such as Tuesday 's conference and spreading them around the world .
Several LaidOffCamps are planned in other cities — New York 's will be a two - day affair .
Hutchins did n't make any money off of LaidOffCamp , but the experience has energized him to follow this new path .
For others , their new - found freedom has led to real business opportunities doing what they love .
LaidOffCamp attendee Jeff Steinmetz put his audio and photo production company Urge Productions on the back burner to take a job as an editorial director at a start - up .
When that job evaporated , Steinmetz resurrected his old business and returned to composing and producing music for a living .
" After the wave of reductions in work force , it has been great to follow my passion , " he says , " and re-focus on the arts with my production company . "
Web designer Regina Gelfo was laid off from her job at Current TV last November .
She immediately turned to yoga , a personal devotion of hers , for inspiration .
She wanted to build a set of online tools that could help bring the San Francisco Bay Area yoga community together .
When she met a fellow web - savvy yoga enthusiast with similar goals , they started looking for ways to collaborate .
The two came up with the idea of launching an informational yoga portal — a place for students to go to find the closest studio , learn about local yoga events or find classes that best fit with their schedules .
It 's a lesson born of the yogic concept of satsanga – the power of community .
" Everyone is looking at ways to shave off the fat right now , " says Gelfo .
" Working together and combining our efforts is something that definitely needs to happen . "
In the process , the two have designed the seed of a system that could serve as a white label solution for other businesses .
While some have landed on their feet , most of LaidOffCamp 's attendees came seeking guidance .
Tuesday 's sessions ranged from the purely practical — " Start - up Basics , " " Career Networking , " " Tools for Freelancers , " — to the esoteric — " How to Be a ' Yes ' Person in a ' No ' Economy " — but almost all of them emphasized low - cost solutions to common problems .
Nate McGee was laid off in September of 2008 .
He took advantage of his abundant down time by starting a blog about — what else ? — living on the cheap .
McGee presented a LaidOffCamp session on his topic of expertise .
Some of his tips : cancel cable and watch TV shows online at Hulu ; ditch Netflix and Amazon and sign up for a local library notification service like Wowbrary ; learn to love cooking and ask around on Craigslist for recipe advice .
Several presenters throughout the day mentioned the financial planning web service Mint as an essential tool for discovering places to cut costs .
With most of the attendees were currently on government assistance of some kind , the sessions about how to stretch a dollar were the most crowded .
Even seemingly unrelated panels about start - ups and venture capital funding were also peppered with questions about how things like freelance contracts , tax returns and self - employment status would impact the flow of those twice - a- month unemployment checks .
There were also numerous sessions about how to use social web tools like Twitter , Facebook , Plaxo and LinkedIn to build a personal network .
Fitting , seeing how the social web was largely responsible for LaidOffCamp 's success .
Hutchins says the idea for the event came to him in January , shortly after he lost his job at a consultancy firm .
He bounced the idea off a few friends and one of them Twittered about it .
Luckily , that friend had over 4,000 followers , and enthusiasm quickly spread .
Hutchins started a wiki page .
Sponsors lined up , volunteers emerged and a local nightclub donated its space for the occasion .
Tuesday 's turn out was huge .
At 9:30 in the morning , the line to get inside stretched down the street .
The venue was crawling with reporters – The New York Times and CBS among them .
Coffee ran out before the sessions even started , and dozens of boxes of pizza disappeared in an instant at lunch time .
The sessions were packed elbow - to - elbow all day .
Some companies showed up looking for potential new employees .
LaidOffCamp 's organizers gave them bright blue t- shirts with " I'm Hiring ! " printed on the front .
One the back was a blank white square , and the reps were encouraged to list the positions they wanted to fill using a Sharpie .
Photos : Michael Calore / Wired.com
* Updated March 5th 9:30 am to include additional links and some clarification about the purpose of the yoga website .
*
Roger Nygard traveled around the globe to the source of the world ’s different belief systems and asked theologians , scientists , skeptics , and everyday people why we exist and what are we supposed to do about it ?
What started the Universe and was it a mistake ?
Does
God exist and why does he seem so interested in our sex lives ?
Included are some of the most interesting people on the planet such as : Indian holy man Sri Sri Ravi Shankar ( The Art of Living ) , evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins ( The God Delusion ) , Harvard psychologist and author Daniel Gilbert ( Stumbling on Happiness ) , 24th generation Chinese Taoist Master Zhang Chengda , Islamic scholar Dr. Zakir Naik in Mumbai , India , Stanford physicist Leonard Susskind ( co- discoverer of string theory ) , wrestler Rob Adonis ( founder of Ultimate Christian Wrestling ) , confrontational evangelist Brother Jed Smock , novelist and Mormon Orson Scott Card ( Ender ’s Game ) , director Irvin Kershner ( Star Wars : The Empire Strikes Back ) , Stonehenge Druids Rollo Maughfling & King Arthur Pendragon and many more .
Ocean expected to rise 5 feet along coastlines ENVIRONMENT
Rise in ocean 's level threatens half a million people , study says
The runways at San Francisco International Airport may well be under water by the end of this century as the ocean is expected to rise nearly five feet along California 's coastline , according to a report to the state released on Wednesday Mar. 11 , 2009 .
less
The runways at San Francisco International Airport may well be under water by the end of this century as the ocean is expected to rise nearly five feet along California 's coastline , according to a report to ... more Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Ocean expected to rise 5 feet along coastlines 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Driven by global warming , the ocean is expected to rise nearly 5 feet along California 's coastline by the end of the century , hitting San Francisco Bay the hardest of all , according to a state study released Wednesday .
Nearly half a million people and $ 100 billion in property , two - thirds of it concentrated around the bay , are at risk of major flooding , researchers found in the most comprehensive study to date of how climate change will alter the state 's coastal areas .
Rising seas , storms and extreme high tides are expected to send saltwater into low - lying areas , flooding freeways , the Oakland and San Francisco airports , hospitals , power plants , schools and sewage plants .
Thousands of structures at risk are the homes of low - and middle - income people , the study said .
Vast wetlands that nourish fish and birds and act as a buffer against flooding will be inundated and could turn into dead pools .
Constructing seawalls and levees , if needed , could cost $ 14 billion plus an annual maintenance cost of $ 1.4 billion , the study said .
The study shows a greater sea - level rise for California than previous studies because it takes into account recent changes in glaciers and ice sheets in Antarctica and Greenland .
Worldwide forecasts
Scientists worldwide forecast that sea levels will rise for centuries even if greenhouse gas emissions are halted immediately , and California cities and counties must learn to deal with that inevitability just as they plan for earthquakes , the study advises .
Regional planners are recommending that some new construction be halted , other properties protected and still others abandoned .
The study was conducted by the internationally known Pacific Institute , a nonprofit research group in Oakland , and was paid for by the California Energy Commission , Caltrans and the state Ocean Protection Council .
With California leading the nation in regulating greenhouse gas emissions , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger in 2005 ordered state agencies to form a Climate Action Team to research and plan for global warming .
Three dozen studies are expected this year , on air quality and health , frequency of wildfires , the use of energy and fresh water supplies .
" No other state has done this kind of assessment of coastal risk , " said Peter Gleick , president and founder of the Pacific Institute and a leading water expert .
The new assessment , he said , puts the state " far ahead in our ability to both identify possible impacts and implement effective policies to prevent them . "
Although large sections of the Pacific Coast are not vulnerable to flooding , sea - level rise is expected to accelerate erosion , resulting in a loss of 41 square miles of the coast and affecting 14,000 people , the study said .
Flooding projections
Researchers at the U.S. Geological Survey prepared maps of San Francisco Bay showing projected inundation , though they do n't include the Sacramento - San Joaquin River Delta .
Calculations for inundation do n't take into account existing seawalls and levees along the Peninsula and at Oakland International Airport .
Large portions of the Bay Area are at risk because European settlers in the 1800s filled shoreline marshes to build towns and cities .
Will Travis , executive director of the Bay Conservation and Development Commission , said the Pacific Institute study struck him because two - thirds of the projected property damage was in low - lying areas around San Francisco Bay .
Cities and counties have n't planned for the rise , he said , and his agency is trying to build awareness .
" We as a region have to get out in front of the state and nation in dealing with the problem .
The study shows that low - and moderate - income people will be dealing with it .
We have the equivalent of New Orleans ' Lower Ninth Ward . "
Lessons from New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina are not to build below sea level , he said .
But parts of northern Silicon Valley - where pumping groundwater in past decades has caused land to subside - are already below sea level , he said , leaving Google , Sun , Intel and other large company complexes vulnerable to inundation .
Earthquake lessons
Just as Californians learned about seismic safety in response to earthquakes , " we have to learn to build in areas that will someday be below sea level , " he said .
It 's particularly difficult , he said , because there is " no certainty which areas would be below sea level . "
His agency is co-sponsoring an international design competition to come up with designs for sea - level rise .
As the atmosphere and oceans warm , ice sheets and glaciers melt , swelling the volume of oceans .
Oceans already have started to rise .
Over the past century , San Francisco waterfront tidal gauges show a rise of 8 inches .
The new projection of a 4.6 - foot , or 55 - inch , rise is higher than the 23 - inch estimate of the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , the body that compiles findings of international scientists .
In its last calculations , the panel did n't include melt from the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets , which have accelerated over the past decade .
Since then , scientists have begun to forecast higher rises .
For the regional study , Pacific Institute scientists used the 4.6 - foot sea -level rise based on forecasts by a Scripps Institution of Oceanography team led by oceanographer Daniel Cayan , which draws on sophisticated models , satellite sensors and a broad range of data .
Concentrations of greenhouse gases have been increasing in the atmosphere since the Industrial Revolution , and the bulk of climate scientists agree that the gases are trapping the sun 's radiation emanating from Earth , warming the planet .
The government yesterday bowed to growing pressure over allegations of Britain 's complicity in torture by promising to draw up and publish new guidelines for the security and intelligence agencies when they are involved in interrogating detainees abroad .
Announcing the unexpected move to MPs , Gordon Brown said he condemned torture " absolutely " but had asked the intelligence and security committee ( ISC ) to help draw up new guidelines " in order to have systems that are robust " .
In a separate move , the prime minister told MPs that compliance with the new guidelines would be monitored by intelligence services commissioner Sir Peter Gibson , a former appeal court judge , who will report annually .
Brown 's announcement , which follows a succession of revelations in the Guardian about the ill - treatment and torture of UK nationals and residents abroad , appeared to be a tacit admission that existing guidelines were open to abuse .
It was also seen as an attempt to resist calls for an independent inquiry into growing evidence of British complicity in the interrogation of suspects held in Pakistan and Morocco .
But it did not satisfy campaigners and parliamentary critics who want a full independent inquiry into torture , rendition and alleged British collusion .
Andrew Tyrie MP , chairman of the all - party parliamentary group on extraordinary rendition , said : " The prime minister 's announcement is inadequate ...
Lord Carlile , the government 's own independent reviewer of terrorism legislation , has concluded that a judge - led inquiry is necessary .
I agree . "
Amnesty 's UK campaigns director , Tim Hancock , said : " If the prime minister thinks this will silence calls for a full , impartial inquiry into UK collusion in torture and rendition , he should think again " .
Brown 's statement came after the ISC took the unprecedented step of reopening its investigation into the treatment of Binyam Mohamed , the British resident recently released from Guantánamo Bay .
Kim Howells , former Foreign Office minister and new chairman of the ISC , said it had taken the decision because of new information on the case provided by Jonathan Evans , the head of MI5 .
The committee , which has oversight of the security services , has been criticised for not being sufficiently independent .
It meets in private and sends reports to No 10 for vetting before publication .
Howells said yesterday that its role was to examine the expenditure , administration and policy of the security and intelligence agencies .
He added : " However , in this instance we considered that this new evidence had a far wider significance that went beyond an individual case , and that it raised questions about the policy and procedures that our security and intelligence agencies follow . "
He said they had made recommendations to the prime minister .
Although Howells did not say what they were , it seems clear that they related to the lack of rigour in existing guidelines .
Well - placed Whitehall officials said last night that in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks on the US , " proper procedures " were not kept .
They also said Britain 's security and intelligence agencies had to co-operate with foreign agencies which had lower standards .
Brown told MPs : " I have faith in our security services , we must ensure that the public also have all the faith that is necessary in our security services and we condemn absolutely the use of torture . "
He said earlier in a prepared written statement : " They take significant personal risks to make Britain more secure and operate across the world in circumstances they do not control . "
Reprieve , the legal charity that represents Mohamed , welcomed the statement .
But Clare Algar , its executive director , said Brown was " trusting people who were deeply involved in the security services to check their conduct .
It is ludicrous to suggest that this will restore public confidence . "
President Barack Obama has offered to " extend a hand " to Iran US President Barack Obama has extended sanctions against Iran for one year , saying it continues to pose a threat to US national security .
In a message to the US Congress , Mr Obama said Iran was acting contrary to US interests in the region .
The sanctions , which ban US companies from investing or trading with Iran , have been renewed annually since 1995 .
The US fears Iran 's nuclear programme is a cover to build atomic weapons , a charge Iranian officials deny .
Enriched uranium can be used in nuclear power plants , but can also be used to make atomic weapons .
' Extended hand '
Although the Obama administration is reviewing its policy towards Iran , not extending the sanctions would have constituted a major break with the past , says BBC state department correspondent Kim Ghattas in Washington .
The actions and policies of the government of Iran are contrary to the interests of the United States in the region
Barack Obama
Obama diary :
The first 100 days Iran faces other punishing international measures , including three sets of UN sanctions , over its refusal to freeze its uranium enrichment activities .
The US sanctions against Iran would have lapsed without Mr Obama 's formal notice of renewal .
" The actions and policies of the government of Iran are contrary to the interests of the United States in the region and pose a continuing and unusual and extraordinary threat , " Mr Obama 's message to Congress said .
Mr Obama has talked of engagement with Iran but has not made clear how that might take place .
Shortly after coming to office in January , Mr Obama said " if countries like Iran are willing to unclench their fists , they will find an extended hand from us " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Electronics - frying " e- bombs " have been discussed for decades — but rarely , if ever , deployed .
Knocking out computers and communications gear with electromagnetic radiation is nice , but commanders prefer the proven method : blowing stuff up .
Now the U.S. Army is developing technology to do both at the same time .
Hybrid munitions would give warheads the added punch of an e-bomb that can " destroy and disable electronic systems and their operators "
all in one blast .
The key is a magnet that blows up and spontaneously demagnetizes , releasing energy as a pulse of power .
Oh , and antennas made of fire .
My story in the current Defense Technology International explains .
Previous e-bomb designs were based on explosively driven magnetic flux compression generators .
They used a series of tightly wound , current - carrying metal coils that are rapidly compressed by an explosion .
The new technology is much more compact .
It 's based on research showing that some magnets will spontaneously demagnetize when hit by a powerful enough shock wave , releasing a pulse of energy , in the process .
The technical term is " pressure - induced magnetic phase transition . "
Having proved the principle by blowing up neodymium magnets ( like the ones in your headphones ) the Army 's Aviation and Missile Research Development and Engineering Center ( Amrdec ) have moved on to lead zirconate titanate magnets .
The current state of the art is described as a completely explosive ultracompact high - voltage nanosecond pulse - generating system , occupying about one - fifth of a cubic inch .
There are engineering challenges at the other end .
For this new weapon to work , you need an antenna that can fit inside a warhead , but is big enough to do the job .
The problem is , the size is dictated by the properties of the electromagnetic pulse to be generated .
You could used some sort of folding antenna , perhaps .
The Army is going one step further and using an antenna made out of fire .
To be more exact , Allen Stults of Amrdec is using the jet of ionized plasma produced by the explosion as an antenna .
It has been known for centuries that flames will conduct electricity ; there are a few neat applications , like flame speakers .
This makes it possible to use a length of ionized gas rather than a piece of metal as an antenna .
By tinkering with the chemical mixture in shaped charge warheads , Stults is creating a " plasma antenna " that will direct an electromagnetic pulse at the target .
Like a lightsaber blade , the plasma antenna is a glowing tube that appears from nowhere —
and it should be quite deadly to electronics .
The multifunction warhead technology is being applied to several types of weapon , including TOW missiles , 70 mm helicopter rockets and the bomblets dispensed by MLRS artillery .
The effects of e-bombs are notoriously unpredictable .
A lot depends on the exact type of electronic component and its orientation compared to the e-bomb .
The new munitions will have two crucial advantages over previous e-bombs :
they are small , and should not cause electronic " friendly fire "
casualties hundreds of meters away .
And because they still have the same blast , fragmentation and armor- piercing properties as they did , commanders can be confident that they 're not wasting space carrying rounds that might have no effect .
A couple of weeks ago Col. Laurie Buckhout of the Army 's new
Electronic Warfare Division , mentioned at a blogger 's roundtable that technology for grenade - sized e-bombs existed .
" But I 've never had my hands on one , " he added .
There could be a lot of tactical applications for this sort of weapon .
However , it 's worth noting that if the technology spreads , U.S. forces are likely to be among the most vulnerable due to the heavy dependence on electronic devices .
[ Illo : U.S. Army ]
ALSO :
no can go vet duty calls
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Trevor Bayliss
It was previously reported that Australian Trevor Bayliss , the Sri Lankan coach , sustained minor injuries , but this is not correct , Sri Lankan team official Charith Senanayake said .
Two weeks ago , Bayliss said , " I know Geoff [ Lawson ] was comfortable coaching here , " referring to the former Australian fast bowler , who coached Pakistan in 2007 and 2008 .
" The [ Australian ] umpires are comfortable coming here , the only difference is that we all come here as individuals .
The Australia and English coming here as teams , there may be a possibility of being targeted .
" But actually being here is quite different .
I 'm comfortable here and quite glad to be here . "
Australian umpires OK
Australian umpires Simon Taufel and Steve Davis were both in the convoy that was fired on , but both were OK , an International Cricket Council spokeswoman said .
" They are both fine and we are in the process of getting both out of Pakistan and back home , '' she said .
Match referee Chris Broad was also fine , the spokeswoman said , but she would not comment on the condition of reserve umpire Ahsan Raza .
CNN reported that he was in a critical condition .
Dived to the floor Jayawardene told Cricinfo : " The bus came under attack as we were driving to the stadium , the gunmen targeted the wheels of the bus first and then the bus .
" We all dived to the floor to take cover .
About five players have been injured and also Paul Farbrace , but most of the injuries appear to be minor at this stage and caused by debris . "
Former captain and star batsman Sanath Jayasuriya said he had spoken to the team and was thankful all players and staff were OK .
" I spoke to Kumar Sangakkara ... [ he said there were ] little injuries but everyone is OK , under control , thank God , " he told CNN - IBN .
" I do n't think anyone got a bullet directly .
" I think they have never gone through anything like this before as a cricket team ... it 's a terrible time . "
Jayasuriya said he had spoken to Sangakara 's wife , who is pregnant , and assured her everything was OK .
12 masked gunmen
Police chief Habibur Rehman said there were 12 masked gunmen and police battled against the assailants for about 25 minutes .
" They appeared to be well - trained terrorists .
They came on rickshaws .
They were armed with rockets , hand grenades , Kalashnikovs .
" Five policemen who were providing protection to the team sacrificed their lives , " he added .
The gunmen fled from the area of the attack , and one was arrested , CNN IBN said .
TV footage shows two unidentified gunman running across a yard , wearing sneakers and carrying backpacks .
A number of cars had numerous bullet holes through their windscreens .
Television footage of several gunmen creeping through the trees , crouching to aim their Kalashnikovs then running onto the next target were aired by Pakistan 's private channel Geo .
Broken glass littered the road next to a gun cartridge and an empty rocket - propelled grenade launcher .
A police motorbike was shown crashed sideways into the road at the Liberty Chowk ( roundabout ) in Lahore .
Bullet holes ripped through the windscreen of another vehicle and a white car was shown smashed headlong into the roundabout as nervous security officers guarded the site .
Sri Lankan authorities said six players were believed to have been wounded though earlier reports said eight had been injured .
Punjab Governor Salmaan
Tahseer said the gunmen were still on the run , but vowed they would be caught .
" They are on the run ... we will get the bastards , " he told CNN - IBN .
" This kind of attack can happen anywhere ... but the people of Lahore are not afraid of them . "
He said he had met all the Sri Lankan players , and they were safe .
Sri Lanka 's President Mahinda Rajapakse condemned the action as a " cowardly terrorist attack " .
Test called off
" This Test match has been officially called off , " PCB chairman Ijaz Butt told reporters in Lahore .
Pakistani authorities were providing helicopters to evacuate the Sri Lankan team members , who announced they would return home immediately .
" We are providing helicopters to evacuate the team from the ground to an air base from where they will leave , " Salman Taseer , the Governor of Punjab province of which Lahore is the capital , told reporters .
" We are going to catch these terrorists one way or the other , " he said .
' Flesh wounds '
Gavin Scowell , a director of sports channel Ten Sports , said he saw a number of Sri Lankan players with " flesh wounds " soon after the shooting .
Mr Scowell , who was in Pakistan to cover the tour , told CNN - IBN he heard gunfire and ran towards the Sri Lankan dressing room when he saw a number of players being carried in .
He believed about eight players had been hit , many with flesh wounds .
However there was " no panic " , and everyone was " very brave " , he said .
Mr Scowell said he saw spinner Ajatha Mendis with a wound to his head , but he was sitting up in a chair and offered a thumbs up .
' Grenades lobbed '
Indian TV network Zee News reported two grenades were lobbed at the bus as it moved from Liberty Chowk to Polo Ground Road .
There was then " indiscriminate firing " , it said .
Sri Lanka is to immediately pull the team out of Pakistan .
History of security fears
The shooting came as the Sri Lankan army pushed its final offensive against ethnic Tamil Tiger rebels in the north of the country in a civil war that has claimed tens of thousands of lives .
Fears of attacks by Islamic militants linked to al - Qaeda have caused many teams to postpone or cancel cricket tours to Pakistan in recent years .
Australia earlier this month forced Pakistan to change the venue of a one - day series to the neutral venues of Dubai and Abu Dhabi when the two sides meet in April - May this year over security fears .
Australia , which also played Pakistan in three Tests at the neutral venues of Colombo and Dubai in 2002 , have not toured Pakistan since 1998 .
India also refused to send its team across the border amid heightened tensions in the wake of attacks on the Indian city of Mumbai , which New Delhi blamed on militants based in Pakistan .
Pakistan , India , Sri Lanka and Bangladesh are due to jointly host the cricket World Cup in 2011 .
Last month , Pakistan 's cricket chief vowed to improve security arrangements for the 10th edition of the four - yearly event and denied there was a risk associated with staging some of the games in the troubled country .
Last month , security concerns raised by other teams forced the ICC to move the 2009 Champions Trophy out of Pakistan .
The elite eight - nation competition was to be held in September - October this year but the ICC was to announce a new venue in April .
The event was originally scheduled for last year but was put off after South Africa pulled out of the event and Australia , England and New Zealand showed reluctance to tour because of fears about players ' safety .
In 2002 , the New Zealand cricket team withdrew from a tour of Pakistan after militants exploded a bomb outside the team hotel in Karachi killing 11 French defence technicians .
AFP , Arjun Ramachandran , Jamie Pandaram and smh.com.au
The economic decline is continuing to ravage the nation ’s hospitals , with half of them operating in the red and many planning service and staffing cuts , two new reports show .
Hospitals are ailing because of a number of problems hitting in close succession .
First , hospitals ’ investment incomes plummeted -- like everybody ’s -- eliminating a cushion for operating budgets and curtailing capital spending .
Then , the mix of patients began to shift :
Paying admissions declined as people put off elective procedures and insurers tightened their grip on the length of hospital stays they covered .
And the number of patients without insurance or the means to pay their part of the bill began to rise .
These problems have been surfacing for several months .
But new data show their breadth and depth .
Indeed , an unprecedented 50 % of the nation ’s hospitals appear to be losing money , according to an analysis of government and proprietary data that Thomson Reuters is set to release today .
Advertisement
When the slide began , returns on investment were the primary culprit , according to Thomson ’s analysis of data on a cross-section of hospitals .
Total margins for every type of hospital -- public , private , for - profit and nonprofit -- declined in 2008 , the analysis found .
Hospital operating margins -- the extent to which operating income exceeds expenses -- remained fairly consistent through the third quarter of 2008 .
But nonoperating margins , composed primarily of investment income , started to fall in late 2007 , and the decline accelerated in mid-2008 .
“ This dragged down the median total margin to near zero and left approximately 50 % of hospitals in the red , ” the analysis concluded .
“ When we compare these total margin statistics with historic data , we find that medians this low have not been observed before . ”
The 25 % of hospitals in the worst shape posted margins below - 7 % , or 7 % worse than the break - even point , while the top performers ’ margins exceeded 4.5 % .
Advertisement
Even operators of the most robust hospitals are bracing for another difficult year as the effects of layoffs and employer cuts in health insurance benefits take hold .
“ We will see our charity care numbers go up as a result of the current economic situation , and we ’ll also see our bad debt go up and people who are unable to pay their bills , ” said Deborah A. Proctor , the chief executive of St. Joseph Health System , based in Orange .
The nonprofit system -- which runs 14 hospitals in California , New Mexico and Texas -- ended its last fiscal year with a healthy 4.8 % margin .
That will be a tough mark to achieve this year because of the anticipated increase in uninsured and underinsured patients , Proctor said .
“ It will hit all hospitals , ” she said .
“ Those who are already in negative revenues will probably see that get worse as things go along . ”
Advertisement
Forty - four percent of hospitals have seen declines in surgeries , with hip procedures showing the steepest drop - off at 45 % , according to another new survey .
As a result , 47 % of the hospitals surveyed expect to make staff cuts , and 69 % plan to cancel or delay equipment purchases , according to the survey by Novation , a company that manages supplier contracts for hospitals .
Novation has responded by demanding that vendors maintain or roll back prices on the goods they sell to hospitals .
“ We know that the weakened economy has hit hospitals particularly hard , and they are being forced to make some tough decisions , ” said Novation President Jody Hatcher .
“ In November , we took a bold ‘ no increase ’ pricing stance . ”
Proctor said the St. Joseph hospitals may have to delay building projects and equipment purchases .
But she said she did not anticipate layoffs or service cuts .
Advertisement
“ We have to operate more effectively and more efficiently ” to meet the needs of the growing ranks of uninsured and underinsured , she said .
“ However , it will not keep us from providing in those situations .
That ’s our mission .
It ’s always been our mission to serve the least among us . ”
The foundation arm of St. Joseph was set to make a down payment on a healthier future this year .
It had long planned to roll out a $ 3 - million , three - year attack on childhood obesity in Orange County through medical screenings , as well as nutrition and exercise programs in schools .
Proctor said the organization proceeded with the effort in spite of the economic downturn in the belief that it would eventually pay dividends for the community .
“ We did not in any way back away from this program , ” she said .
“ This was a key commitment for us . ”
Advertisement
--
lisa.girion@latimes.com
Axiom BPM is among the industry leaders in providing outsourced services for all business types .
With over 12 years experience , Axiom BPM now ranks among the top players in the industry .
Our company has always been driven by the core value of making YOUR business succeed through our excellent services .
At the same time , Axiom BPM quickly finds custom - fit solutions for our client ’s business processes .
Share Tweet Share
By now , the news that Hot Standby wo n’t make it into 8.4 has rippled through the PostgreSQL community .
A lot of people are asking me what happened .
Around seven months ago , the PostgreSQL Core Team caused a stir in the OSDB community by declaring that simple built - in replication based on log shipping was going to be a priority for future PostgreSQL development .
This was unusual , since the Core Team does n’t normally try to set development direction … we just decide when the releases will be , and settle any long - running arguments .
A lot of people got excited about this , mostly because they did n’t read the part where we said “ for version 8.5 , out in 2010 ” .
We knew how hard the problems around having reliable , simple , low - administration replication are , and did n’t expect to solve them in the 4 months we had to work on 8.4 .
People had started work , but we knew it was unlikely to be completed in time .
What we have to do includes :
Making queryable slaves ( Hot Standby )
Making the slaves lag behind the master less
Creating the option for slaves to be transactionally identical to the master ( Synch Standby )
Adding management tools & easy setup
Dealing with VACUUM and other file - based operations for all of the above .
As expected , the NTT Open Source team working on Synch Standby ran into some unexpected issues and it became clear by December that extensive refactoring was required , and Synch Standby was n’t going to work for version 8.4 , which we wanted to ship by May .
However , hacker Simon Riggs , the original contributor of PostgreSQL PITR , jumped at the task and put in a heroic effort to complete very - asynchronous hot standby for 8.4 .
For quite a while , it looked like we would have our first level of Hot Standby in 8.4 , which everyone got excited about .
But no patch is final until committed .
Committer Heikki Linnikangas and Simon ran into quite a few issues and corner cases , particularly involving subtransactions , and by last week Heikki did n’t feel like they were anywhere near having a robust enough version to go in .
So , we decided to postpone Hot Standby to version 8.5 .
Yes , a lot of people were disappointed , none of them more than me ( well , except maybe Simon ) .
But , making hard decisions to postpone features which are n’t quite ready is how PostgreSQL makes sure that our DBMS is “ bulletproof ” and that we release close to on - time every year .
Our own history with the Windows port , as well as our colleagues at Sun/ MySQL , have amply demonstrated the consequences of putting specific features ahead of the overall development schedule : your software is either late , or buggy , or both .
It ’s not like 8.4 will lack features , after all … it already includes windowing functions , recursive queries , new performance monitoring tools , greatly reduced VACUUM requirements , better cache management , and lots of other great stuff .
And … when we have the full set of standby modes and tools for version 8.5 , they will not only be useful and cool , they will be … to quote another DBMS … “ unbreakable ” .
It ’s the only way we know how to do things in the PostgreSQL Project .
( P.S. If you ’re looking for an easy - administration replication tool for PostgreSQL right now , londiste and pgPool2 have both matured quite a bit , and there are new Slony easy - admin tools . )
Jackie Aka Milking Milf
Posted by : JackieJ
I think you all will love these ...
I was getting ready to go out to the clubs the other night and thought it would be a good chance to pose for some photos .
These make me smile ! :)
Thanks to everyone who have voted for me .
You always make me feel pretty !
And , look for my e-contribution on VW . :)
Jackie J
The 120 volunteers ( mean age 34 , range 19 – 50 ) were divided into 2 groups , with 60 randomly assigned to placebo and 60 to IGOB131 ( active ) .
Of these initial 120 volunteers , 102 completed the 10 week study ; 50 from the placebo group , and 52 from the IGOB131 group .
Eighteen volunteers [ placebo ( n = 12 ) and IGOB131 ( n = 6 ) ] dropped out of the study for the following reasons – not experiencing rapid weight loss ( n = 10 ) ; influenza attack ( n = 3 ) ; dryness of mouth ( n = 3 ) ; no reason given ( n = 2 ) .
Food Intake
The mean daily energy intake in the IGOB131 group was 2767 ± 187 kcal of which 56 % was from carbohydrate , 29 % from protein , and 15 % from fat .
In the placebo group , the mean daily energy intake was 3156 ± 185 kcal of which 56 % was from carbohydrate , 29 % was from protein , and 15 % was from fat .
Seven - day dietary and activity assessment of the subjects at baseline showed similar food intake habits and energy levels .
Body weight , waist size and body fat
Baseline characteristics of the two groups were well - matched and without significant differences at baseline ( Table 1 ) .
There were no significant differences in the baseline body weight , waist circumference and serum leptin measurements between the placebo and experimental group ( Table 1 ) .
However , by the tenth week , significant differences were observed between the placebo and experimental intervention groups , respectively , for body weight ( 95.7 kg vs. 85.1 kg , respectively , p < 0.01 ) , waist circumference ( 101.1 cm vs. 88.1 cm , respectively , p < 0.05 ) .
Body fat decreased over time in both groups but the experimental group lost significantly more body fat ( 6.3 % , p < 0.05 ) compared to the placebo group ( 1.9 % ) ( Table 1 ) .
Table 1 Changes * in body weight , waist , leptin , fat , total cholesterol , LDL cholesterol , glucose and adiponectin measurements in the course of the study .
Full size table
When corrected for placebo response , the pattern of relative changes in weight and waist circumference was found to be different between the two groups , consistent with a difference in response to the intake of the extract ( Figure 1 ) .
Figure 1 Changes in body weight and waist circumference measurements in IGOB131 group corrected for placebo values .
Full size image
Total and LDL cholesterol , C - reactive proteins , leptin
These variables decreased from baseline , though at different rates and magnitudes associated with duration of the study , with the experimental group showing statistically significant changes compared with the placebo group at week - 10 ( Table 1 ) .
While baseline levels of serum lipids were similar in the two groups , significant differences were observed between the two as the study progressed with the experimental group showing progressively greater improvement .
At week - 10 , significant differences were observed for total cholesterol ( placebo : 142.5 mg /dl vs. IGOB131 : 111.9 mg/dl , p < 0.05 ) and LDL cholesterol ( placebo : 77.7 mg/dl vs IGO131 : 59.77 mg/dl , p < 0.01 ) .
Compared to baseline values , total cholesterol decreased by 1.9 % in the placebo group as opposed to 26.2 % for the IGOB131 group while LDL cholesterol levels fell by 4.8 % in the placebo compared to 27.3 % in the IGOB131 group .
Correcting for placebo values , the relative change in the total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol was observed to follow a similar pattern ( Figure 2 ) in the experimental group , suggesting a similar response mechanism to IGOB131 intake .
Figure 2 Changes in measured characteristics in IGOB131 group corrected for placebo values .
Full size image
Like in the case of the other parameters measured , C - reactive protein and leptin levels decreased over time in both groups .
The rate of decrease was however accelerated in the IGOB131 relative to the placebo - group .
Serum levels of CRP fell by 1.2 % in the placebo group as opposed to 52.0 % in the experimental group relative to baseline .
On the other hand , leptin levels decreased by 9.3 % in the placebo group compared to a 48.6 % in the IGOB131 group over the 10 - week experimental period .
Fasting blood glucose levels
Blood glucose levels in the experimental group ( 85.6 mg/dl ± 5.6 mg/dl ) and in the placebo group ( 81.4 ± 9.6 mg /dl ) were similar at baseline but decreased to significantly different levels ( P < 0.05 ) at week - 10 of the study ( Table 1 ) .
In relative terms , decreases in placebo and treatment groups were 5.3 % vs. 22.5 % , respectively ( Figure 3 ) .
Corrected for the placebo values , the changes in blood glucose levels were similar to that of lipids ( Figure 2 ) .
Figure 3
Percentage decrease in body weight ( WT ) , Waist size ( WS ) , Fat ( FAT ) , Total Cholesterol ( TCHOL ) , LDL cholesterol ( LDL ) , Glucose ( GLU ) , Leptin ( LEP ) , C- reactive protein ( CRP ) and Adiponectin ( ADIP ) after 10 weeks of use of extract IGO131 .
Full size image
Adiponectin levels
Baseline serum adiponectin levels were comparable between the two groups ( placebo : 12.1 mg/l ± 3.21 mg/l ; IGOB131 : 12.16 mg/l ± 3.04 mg/l ) , but increased with time ( Table 1 ) .
By week - 10 of the study adiponectin levels in the placebo group increased by 23.4 % compared to 159.8 % in the experimental group .
Corrected for placebo values , the rate of increase in serum adiponectin levels in IGOB131 group followed an exponential curve ( Figure 4 ) .
Figure 4 Changes in the adiponectin levels in IGOB131 group corrected for placebo .
Full size image
Adverse events
Treatment of overweight and obese subjects with IGOB131 was well - tolerated .
Adverse events with an incidence >n = 3 included headache ( n = 5 ) , sleep difficulty ( n = 6 ) , and intestinal flatulence ( n = 6 ) .
The incidence of all reported side effects was similar in the placebo group as well as in the treatment group .
While en route from Rome to his first stop , Cameroon , the Pope said that the condition was " a tragedy that cannot be overcome by money alone , that cannot be overcome through the distribution of condoms , which even aggravates the problems . "
BAY CITY -- State police have launched an investigation into the death of a teen whom police Tased .
The 15 - year - old died about 3:40 a.m. Sunday after Bay City police used a stun gun to subdue him at an apartment on South Catherine near East John .
Neighbors summoned authorities to quell a large fight , police said .
When officers arrived , neighbors directed them to an apartment where they found two people arguing .
Officers ' attempts to diffuse the situation failed , police said .
Police say they used the stun gun after the teen tried to fight with them and others in the apartment .
Authorities have not released the name of the teen or the officer who deployed the stun gun .
NEW DELHI , India ( CNN ) -- Indian scientists have discovered three new species of bacteria in Earth 's upper stratosphere that are resistant to ultraviolet radiation , researchers said .
The bacteria do not match any species found on Earth .
They were found in samples that scientists collected when they sent a balloon into the stratosphere , the Indian Space Research Organization ( ISRO ) said in a statement Monday .
That layer of the Earth receives heavy doses of ultraviolet radiation , enough to kill most organisms .
In their analyses of the retrieved samples , microbiologists detected 12 bacterial and six fungal colonies .
Of them , three bacterial colonies were new species , the ISRO said .
Indian scientists named one of them Janibacter hoylei , after astrophysicist Fred Hoyle .
" While the present study does not conclusively establish the extraterrestrial origin of microorganisms , it does provide positive encouragement to continue the work in our quest to explore the origin of life , " the ISRO said .
All About India
A senior U.S. lawmaker said Thursday that unmanned CIA Predator aircraft operating in Pakistan are flown from an air base in that country , a revelation likely to embarrass the Pakistani government and complicate its counter - terrorism collaboration with the United States .
The disclosure by Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) , chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , marked the first time a U.S. official had publicly commented on where the Predator aircraft patrolling Pakistan take off and land .
At a hearing , Feinstein expressed surprise over Pakistani opposition to the campaign of Predator - launched CIA missile strikes against Islamic extremist targets along Pakistan ’s northwestern border .
“ As I understand it , these are flown out of a Pakistani base , ” she said .
Advertisement
The basing of the pilotless aircraft in Pakistan suggests a much deeper relationship with the United States on counter - terrorism matters than has been publicly acknowledged .
Such an arrangement would be at odds with protests lodged by officials in Islamabad , the capital , and could inflame anti-American sentiment in the country .
The CIA declined to comment , but former U.S. intelligence officials , speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the information , confirmed that Feinstein ’s account was accurate .
Philip J. LaVelle , a spokesman for Feinstein , said her comment was based solely on previous news reports that Predators were operated from bases near Islamabad .
“ We strongly object to Sen . Feinstein ’s remarks being characterized as anything other than a reference ” to an article that appeared last March in the Washington Post , LaVelle said .
Feinstein did not refer to newspaper accounts during the hearing .
Advertisement
Many counter - terrorism experts have assumed that the aircraft take off from U.S. military installations in Afghanistan and are remotely piloted from locations in the United States .
Experts said the disclosure could create political problems for the government in Islamabad , which is considered relatively weak .
The attacks are extremely unpopular in Pakistan , in part because of the high number of civilian casualties inflicted in dozens of strikes .
The use of Predators armed with Hellfire antitank missiles has emerged as perhaps the most important tool of the U.S. in its effort to attack Al Qaeda in its sanctuaries along the Pakistani - Afghan border .
A New Year ’s
Day strike killed two senior Al Qaeda operatives who were suspected of involvement in the bombing of Islamabad ’s Marriott Hotel .
They were among at least eight senior Al Qaeda figures reportedly killed in Predator strikes over the last seven months as part of a stepped - up missile campaign .
Advertisement
Bruce Hoffman , a terrorism expert at Georgetown University , said Feinstein ’s comments put Pakistan ’s government on the spot .
“ If accurate , what this says is that Pakistani involvement , or at least acquiescence , has been much more extensive than has previously been known , ” he said .
“ It puts the Pakistani government in a far more difficult position [ in terms of ] its credibility with its own people .
Unfortunately it also has the potential to threaten Pakistani - American relations . ”
As chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , Feinstein is privy to classified details of U.S. counter - terrorism efforts .
The CIA does not publicly acknowledge a campaign against Pakistan - based extremists using remotely piloted planes , making Feinstein ’s comment all the more unusual .
Feinstein ’s disclosure came during testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee by U.S. Director of National Intelligence Dennis C. Blair on the nation ’s security threats .
Blair did not respond directly to Feinstein ’s remark , except to say that Pakistan was “ sorting out ” its cooperation with the United States .
Advertisement
Pakistani officials have long denied that they have even granted the U.S. permission to fly the Predator planes over Pakistani territory , let alone to operate the aircraft from within the country .
The civilian leadership that took over from an unpopular former general , Pervez Musharraf , last year , has gone to significant lengths to distance itself from the Predator strikes .
The Pakistani government regularly lodges diplomatic protests against the strikes as a violation of its sovereignty , and officials said the subject was raised with Richard C. Holbrooke , a newly appointed U.S. envoy to the region , who completed his first visit to the country Thursday .
But a former CIA official familiar with the Predator operations said Pakistan ’s government secretly approves of the flights because of the growing militant threat .
Advertisement
Feinstein prefaced her comment about the Predator basing Thursday by noting that Holbrooke “ ran into considerable concern about the use of the Predator strikes in the FATA areas , ” a reference to what Pakistan calls its Federally Administered Tribal Area along the border with Afghanistan .
Many Pakistanis believe that the civilian leadership , despite public anger , has continued Musharraf ’s policy of giving the United States tacit permission to carry out the strikes .
The CIA has been working to step up its presence in Pakistan in recent years .
It has deployed as many as 200 people to the country , one of its largest overseas operations besides Iraq , current and former agency officials have estimated .
That contingent works alongside other U.S. operatives who specialize in electronic communications and spy satellites .
In his prepared testimony Thursday , Blair said that Al Qaeda had “ lost significant parts of its command structure since 2008 . ”
Advertisement
--
greg.miller@latimes.com
--
Times staff writer Laura King in Istanbul , Turkey , contributed to this report .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
COMMENTARY :
What went wrong in California ?
I think we can all agree on at least three observations .
First , California is by nature the most richly endowed region in the world .
Nowhere else is there so much fertile land , watered by gravity - fed winter runoff from the majestic Sierra .
California has ample supplies of oil and natural gas .
Millions of acres of timber abound in its coastal and mountain forests .
Temperate climate and weather allow outdoor activity almost year round .
The coastline is more than 1,300 miles long - with two of the great natural ports of the world at Los Angeles and San Francisco Bay .
Second , prior can - do generations of Californians created an unparalleled infrastructure of dams , canals and hydroelectric generation that once provided the state with ample energy , irrigation and recreation .
Its three - tier higher education system - 110 junior colleges , 23 state universities , and 10 University of California campuses - once ensured a literate populace .
We associate Hollywood with the world ’s motion picture industry .
Napa Valley tops the wines of France .
The Silicon Valley fueled the high - tech revolution that gave us Apple , Google , Hewitt - Packard , Intel and Yahoo .
Millions of tourists each year flock to Disneyland , Death Valley , Kings Canyon , Lake Tahoe , San Francisco and Yosemite .
California remains America ’s richest farming state , leading the nation in fresh fruit , vegetable , nut and dairy production .
In other words , the present generation enjoyed quite a head start on their lives through the work and investment of often forgotten predecessors .
The final observation we can agree on is that something has gone drastically wrong in the state in the last two decades .
California managed to achieve all at once the nation ’s highest sales and income tax rates - and yet also the largest annual state deficit .
So far under Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s tenure , state spending grew 34.9 percent , well beyond inflation and population that increased only 21.5 percent .
And yet the governor often prevented the state Legislature from spending even more it did n’t have .
The budgets of Medi-Cal , the state - run health program for the poor , are out of control .
Prison costs increased about 50 percent in less than a decade , and now claim almost 10 percent of state spending - almost as much as higher education .
The state is in its third year of drought .
Billions of dollars of agricultural production are threatened by water cutoffs .
Yet California has n’t build a major dam or canal in years .
Biannual state proposition initiatives , often put on the ballot by narrow special interests , allowed voters to vote for additional entitlements and benefits without providing the money to pay for them .
Yet Californians are not an informed electorate : the state ’s mediocre high schools have 30 percent dropout rates .
More than half a million aliens are caught each year trying to enter California ’s southern border illegally .
Some estimates put illegal alien state residents at 3 million , a population that may cost the state ’s taxpayers more than $ 13 billion per year for services .
California has the worst credit rating in the nation .
It has the fourth - highest unemployment rate and the second - highest home foreclosure rate , thanks to enormously inflated prices due in part to complicated building regulations , high labor costs , and often Byzantine land - use restrictions .
California ’s net state - to - state migration loss was higher than every other state .
Most reports suggest that those leaving the state are far more highly educated than those entering it .
If we can agree that Californians have somehow squandered a rich natural and inherited wealth , what were the root causes of this collective suicide ?
Critics disagree .
Some cite expanding but inefficient state government , out - of - control state pensions and oppressive taxes .
Or is the problem costly prisons and astronomical rates of incarceration , illegal immigration , unchecked welfare , and oppressive regulation and environmental restrictions ?
All these may be true .
But less discussed is the common culprit : a weird sort of utopian mindset .
Perhaps because have - it - all Californians live in such a rich natural landscape and inherited so much from their ancestors , they have convinced themselves that perpetual bounty is now their birthright - not something that can be lost in a generation of complacency .
Californians count on the wealth of farming but would prefer their rivers to remain wild rather than tapped .
They like tasteful redwood decks but demand someone else fell their trees for the wood .
Californians drive imported SUVs but would rather that you drill for oil off your shores rather than off theirs .
They pride themselves on their liberal welfare programs , but drive out with confiscatory taxes the few left to pay for them .
Californians expect cheap imported labor to tend their lawns and clean their houses , but are incensed at sky - high welfare and entitlement costs that accompany illegal immigration .
Lock ‘em up , they say - but the state is bankrupted by new prisons , constant inmate lawsuits and unionized employees .
In short , after Californians sue , restrict , mandate , obstruct and lecture , they also get angry that there is suddenly not enough food , fuel , water and money to act like the gods that they think they have become .
Victor Davis Hanson is a nationally syndicated columnist , a senior fellow at Stanford University ’s Hoover Institution and recipient of the 2007 National Humanities Medal .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
A super - connected backbone ( shown in red ) appears as more links are added to a network .
( Image : Raissa D'Souza / UC Davis )
US computer scientists have found that random networks – the mathematical description for networks we experience everyday in forms such as the internet and global flight connections – have the potential for extreme behaviour never seen before .
Their findings might lead to improved understanding of how to control such networks – for example , to halt the spread of epidemics or improve the efficiency of delivery networks .
The researchers , led by Dimitris Achlioptas at the University of California at Santa Cruz , have been playing a Buckaroo - style game , adding more and more connections between points , or nodes , in a network to see what happens .
Advertisement
Networks that grow randomly , like the global connections between computers that make up the internet , usually rapidly and smoothly gain a central backbone of connections that make it simple to travel between any two points , in what is called a fully connected structure .
Explosive change
The team has used simulations to find a way to grow a network randomly , but significantly delay the emergence of that backbone .
But rather like the mule in Buckaroo , when the network does become fully connected it is with an explosive kick rather than a gradual change .
Random networks are usually grown by selecting two nodes at random to become connected .
Instead , Achlioptas ’ team pick two pairs of random nodes , but only connect one of them – the pair with the fewest pre-existing connections to other nodes .
That ’s rather like giving a Buckaroo player two choices for where to place the next item on the mule ’s back and allowing them to pick the spot that is least likely to cause the mule to kick .
The result is that for a long time the network grows , but does not become fully connected .
Instead it contains a large number of unconnected chunks , each containing a few nodes .
Eventually , the addition of just one link triggers an instantaneous phase change and the network becomes fully connected .
Achlioptas ’ team call the transition “ explosive percolation ” .
A variation on this technique makes it possible to carry out the opposite process and accelerate the arrival of a network ’s backbone .
Virus control
The “ million dollar question ” is whether , or how , the new discovery affects real - world networks , says Raissa D’Souza at the University of California , Davis , a member of the research team .
“ We know that for some networks , like the internet , connectivity is a fundamental desired property ” she says .
“ For others , like a virus spreading through a network of humans or computers , connectivity is a liability . ”
So , for example , delaying connectivity could have an impact on preventing viruses becoming endemic in a human population via the random networks that are people ’s social links .
Journal reference : Science ( DOI : 10.1126/science.1167782 )
Harold Nicholson is currently serving a 23 - year sentence for espionage A jailed ex-CIA agent and his son have been charged in the US with receiving money from and channeling information to his former Russian handlers .
Harold Nicholson , 58 , is serving a 23 - year term in Oregon for previous spying activities after pleading guilty in 1997 to selling secrets to Russia .
He is now accused of using his son Nathaniel to pass on new data between 2006 and 2008 in return for money .
Nathaniel was arrested on Thursday and the pair are to appear in court later .
Both father and son are charged with conspiracy , money laundering and conspiring to act as an agent of a foreign government .
Justice officials allege Nathaniel Nicholson , 24 , visited his father in prison several times in order to obtain information to pass on to the Russians .
He then travelled to places including San Francisco , Mexico City , Lima and Cyprus to meet Russian representatives and receive payments of $ 35,593 ( £ 24,900 ) , the officials say .
They believe the Russians thought his father still had useful information to divulge about how he had been caught and what the investigators had learnt about Russian spying practices .
Nathaniel is alleged then to have passed on the money to other family members , at the direction of his father .
' Sinister scheme ' Matthew Olsen , acting assistant attorney general for national security , said : " Today 's indictment alleges that an imprisoned spy recruited and trained his own 24 - year - old son to travel the globe to collect on past spying debts and channel information to foreign agents .
" These charges underscore the continuing threat posed by foreign intelligence services and should send a clear message to others who would consider selling out their country for money . "
US Attorney for the District of Oregon Karin Immergut said the alleged acts showed " a sinister and continuing scheme by a former senior CIA officer turned spy to betray the United States of America for financial gain " .
In 1997 , Harold Nicholson pleaded guilty after being paid $ 300,000 to pass secrets to Russia .
The information concerned young CIA recruits he was training and the identities of senior CIA officers .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Wonder what is taking up the time of top officials at banks rescued with your tax dollars ?
You ’d like to think they ’re all hunkered down trying to solve the crisis they created with help from George Bush and the GOP .
According to Reuters , avoiding the salary caps is a top priority right now :
Anticipating restrictions on bonuses , officials at Citigroup Inc and Morgan Stanley are exploring ways to sidestep tough new federal caps on compensation , the Wall Street Journal said .
Executives at these banks and other financial institutions that received government aid are discussing increasing base salaries for some executives and other top - producing employees , the paper said , citing people familiar with the situation .
The discussions are at an early stage , partly because the government has not yet issued specific rules on the bonus payments that will be allowed at companies that received aid under the government ’s Troubled Asset Relief Program , the paper said .
Seriously , these people are tone deaf .
They do not realize how hated they are in America right now .
And , they are n’t doing anything to ameliorate the situation .
Instead , they ’re making it worse .
According to that same recent Congressional testimony , Citigroup got $ 45 billion in TARP funds while Morgan Stanley got $ 10 billion in TARP funds .
Here ’s the video :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gIlxFggCuU]
Citigroup has another big problem on its hands , as Think Progress asks “ Did Citigroup CEO Vikram Pandit lie to Congress about his compensation ? ”
In that video above , Pandit told a Congressional committee , under oath , that his salary in 2008 was $ 1 million with no bonus .
But , the actual total appears to be well over $ 10 million :
The $ 10.82 million in total compensation for 2008 consisted of $ 7.73 million in sign - on and retention awards , a $ 958,333 salary , $ 9.84 million of stock and option awards and $ 16,193 of other compensation .
Given everything else we ’ve learned about the ineptitude of our top bankers , it ’s possible Pandit does n’t know the difference between one million and almost eleven million .
Possible , but not likely .
An ambulance crew in Nevada found a new way to save lives by pulling over a woman apparently too drunk to realize EMTs do n't have arresting powers or notice the gas nozzle sticking out of the tank on her Subaru wagon .
Advertisement
April Westfall , the 40 - year - old owner of the Subaru Legacy Outback , did n't notice or did n't care about the Reno ambulance crew attempting to signal to her she was dragging about eight - feet of gas hose connected to the nozzle sticking out of her tank .
Unable to get her to slow down , the ambulance then turned on their lights and conducted a quasi-legal traffic stop before calling real state troopers .
Not surprisingly , the woman failed a field sobriety and was booked into the Washoe County Jail .
Surprisingly , the woman managed to drive so far with the hose that the police have been unable to determine what gas station it came from .
Advertisement
What happens in Reno is usually a sadder and dimmer version of what happens in Vegas .
[ The Weekly Vice ]
Earth ovens combine the utility of a wood - fired , retained - heat oven with the ease and timeless beauty of earthen construction .
Building one will appeal to bakers , builders , and beginners of all kinds , from :
• the serious or aspiring baker who wants the best low - cost bread oven , to
• gardeners who want a centerpiece for a beautiful outdoor kitchen , to
• outdoor chefs , to
• creative people interested in low - cost materials and simple technology , to
• teachers who want a multi-faceted , experiential project for students of all ages ( the book has been successful with everyone from third - graders to adults ) .
Build Your Own Earth
Oven is fully illustrated with step - by - step directions , including how to tend the fire , and how to make perfect sourdough hearth loaves in the artisan tradition .
The average do - it - yourselfer with a few tools and a scrap pile can build an oven for free , or close to it .
Otherwise , $ 30 should cover all your materials–less than the price of a fancy “ baking stone . ”
Good building soil is often right in your back yard , under your feet .
Build the simplest oven in a day !
With a bit more time and imagination , you can make a permanent foundation and a fire - breathing dragon - oven or any other shape you can dream up .
Earth ovens are familiar to many that have seen a southwestern “ horno ” or a European “ bee - hive ” oven .
The idea , pioneered by Egyptian bakers in the second millennium BCE , is simplicity itself : fill the oven with wood , light a fire , and let it burn down to ashes .
The dense , 3 - to 12 - inch - thick earthen walls hold and store the heat of the fire , the baker sweeps the floor clean , and the hot oven walls radiate steady , intense heat for hours .
Home bakers who ca n’t afford a fancy , steam - injected bread oven will be delighted to find that a simple earth oven can produce loaves to equal the fanciest “ artisan ” bakery .
It also makes delicious roast meats , cakes , pies , pizzas , and other creations .
Pizza cooks to perfection in three minutes or less .
Vegetables , herbs , and potatoes drizzled with olive oil roast up in minutes for a simple , elegant , and delicious meal .
Efficient cooks will find the residual heat useful for slow - baked dishes , and even for drying surplus produce , or incubating homemade yogurt .
( CNN ) --
As Walter Thomas knows , it 's hard to look for a job when your stomach is rumbling .
Samirah , 2 , asked her mom to take this photo to show that hungry people " are like everyone else . "
The 52 - year - old from Washington , D.C. , started skipping meals in early January when his savings account was running dry and his kitchen cabinets were almost empty .
Thomas at first did n't want to turn to the United States ' food safety net , the food stamp program , for help .
But after being laid off in July from what seemed like a steady job in sales at a furniture store , Thomas swallowed his pride and applied for the monthly food aid .
" It lets me think , ' OK , well , tomorrow I 'll be able to eat .
If nothing else , I 'll be able to eat , ' " he said .
With the national economy in meltdown , more Americans than ever are relying on the federal aid program to keep from going hungry .
In October , more than one in 10 people -- about 31 million -- were using the food stamp program to get by , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
More recent numbers are not available , but advocates for the poor say the number of those in need of aid probably has increased since then .
Stereotypes associated with food stamps abound , and recipients are often seen as prone to taking handouts , sometimes when they may not be needed .
But the profile of hunger in America is multifaceted , as diverse as the nation itself , especially in these times of economic hardship .
To get a better idea of what it 's like to live on a food stamp budget , CNN correspondent Sean Callebs has decided to eat for a month on $ 176 and blog about the experience on CNN.com .
Watch reporter 's struggle to buy food with food stamps »
That 's a situation many people , Thomas included , can relate to .
Thomas , who said he had been working steadily since he was 13 years old , now receives $ 175 per month for food .
That 's about $ 5.83 per day -- less than $ 2 per meal .
See what people on food stamps can buy »
Not that Thomas is complaining .
After getting his first payment , which is added to an inconspicuous debit card to reduce the stigma associated with the program , Thomas went straight to the grocery store .
He was hungry and grateful .
" It 's definitely been a blessing to me , " he said of the food stamp program , which , since October , has gone by the name Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program , or SNAP .
Advocates for the poor , as well as those on federal assistance , hope President Obama 's economic stimulus plan will increase food stamp payments .
The average family on food stamps would receive $ 79 more per month if the stimulus bill passes in the U.S. Senate this week , according to The New York Times .
iReport.com :
How are you doing in this tough economy ?
There is some debate about whether giving people money to spend on groceries is a valid form of economic stimulus .
Few are more hopeful the measure will pass than Crystal Sears , a 30 - year - old mother in Germantown , Pennsylvania , who said she has been on food stamps for more than three years .
Sears said she sometimes skips meals so her three children can eat .
Even with federal assistance , she said , she sometimes has to make a meal for herself out of crackers or food scraps .
She said she has been out of work for several years because all three of her children have medical conditions :
Her 8 - year - old son has a seizure disorder that requires frequent hospital visits and constant attention ; her 2 - year - old daughter was born with heart problems ; and her 12 - year - old daughter has scoliosis , a back condition that recently required two surgeries , she said .
Without much money , she 's forced to make tough choices .
" If the kids needed sneakers and their sneakers are getting too small , or if my water bill is past due , I 'd opt not to pay it and risk them sending me a shut - off notice just so my children can eat , " she said .
Sometimes she chooses to buy more food instead of paying her gas bill to heat her home .
When she does , the family sleeps huddled around their stove or an electric heater , she said .
Her monthly food stamp payment is $ 489 , she said .
That 's sometimes sufficient .
But some months , she said , she does n't receive full payments because of mix-ups with paperwork .
Until recently , she said , she received about $ 250 per month , which she said was far from enough to feed her family of four .
The SNAP program is meant to supplement a person 's food budget , not cover all food expenses , said Jean Daniel , a spokesperson for the USDA , which administers the program .
Taking on part - time work would further complicate the application process , she said .
Sears said she worked for seven years at a Salvation Army shelter before becoming unemployed .
" For me , I 've always been a helper .
And my thing is I do n't like to help people to enable them .
I like to help people so they can help themselves in the long run , " she said .
Sears stretches her food budget by buying cheap and sometimes fatty meals .
She said she does n't like doing that but can't avoid it .
With food prices high , she said , grocery shopping is stressful .
" We get like the mac and cheese , which is dehydrated cheese -- basically food that 's no good for you health wise , " she said .
" Everything is high in sodium and trans fats ... and that 's all we basically can afford .
There 's not enough assistance to eat healthy and maintain a healthy weight . "
Advocates for the hungry say many people on the food stamp program opt to buy less - healthy foods because they can't afford fresh fruits and vegetables on such a tight budget .
Food stamp " benefits are n't really enough for a healthy diet , " said Jim Weill , president of the nonprofit Food Research and Action Center .
Sears said she is grateful for the help she does get .
Maribel Diaz , a 36 - year - old mother of three boys in Los Angeles , California , said her $ 319 - per - month payment is n't always enough .
But she said she would starve herself before letting her boys go hungry .
" You 're bringing home less bags [ of food ] now , because the milk is almost $ 5 a gallon and the bread is $ 3 a loaf .
... A chicken is , like , now $ 8 , " Diaz said .
" If you 're really breaking it down , you 're not bringing a lot of groceries home . "
All SNAP recipients are eligible for free nutritional counseling to help people stretch their food budgets , said Daniel , of the USDA .
Advocates for the hungry find flaws in the way the program is set up , but they praise it for being a safety net the government can't take away during tough times .
Unlike aid to soup kitchens , the food stamp program receives federal funding in times thick and thin , and has a $ 6 billion backup fund , Daniel said .
" The money will be found so people are not turned away , " Daniel said .
All of the benefits paid to participants come from the federal government .
States split the program 's administrative costs .
Advocates see some flaws in SNAP but generally give it praise .
" I say about food stamps what Winston Churchill said about democracy : ' It 's the worst possible system except all the others , ' " said Joel Berg , executive director of the New York Coalition Against Hunger .
Berg said the program 's benefits are too small and too difficult for people to obtain .
But the food stamp program is somewhat successful , he said .
" The main purpose of the program is to wipe out Third World starvation in America , and it 's worked , " he said , adding that he 's optimistic about improvements that could come as part of the economic stimulus plan .
Thomas , the laid - off furniture worker in Washington , said he does n't want people to feel sorry for him .
After being let go from his store , he stopped at an employment center before going anywhere else .
He said he faxed about 20 résumés to similar companies on that very day .
None has resulted in a job yet , but Thomas said he has been to interviews for other types of work and hopes employment will come soon .
For now , he 's just happy to continue the job search without the pain of hunger nagging at his stomach .
All About Hunger • Poverty • National Economy
There 's no question that employees at Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory have watched with some concern as the LHC got all the press about being the future of physics despite the fact it had n't actually produced anything .
They have also quietly continued setting world records and are once again reminding people that Fermilab 's Tevatron , currently the world 's most powerful operating particle accelerator , is actually ahead , even in the race to find the as - yet undefined " Higgs particle .
"
Now scientists of the CDF and DZero collaborations have observed particle collisions that produce single top quarks .
The discovery of the single top confirms important parameters of particle physics , including the total number of quarks , and has significance for the ongoing search for the Higgs particle .
Previously , top quarks had only been observed when produced by the strong nuclear force .
That interaction leads to the production of pairs of top quarks .
The production of single top quarks , which involves the weak nuclear force and is harder to identify experimentally , has now been observed , almost 14 years to the day of the top quark discovery in 1995 .
This collision event display , created by the CDF collaboration , shows a single top quark candidate event .
The red arrow indicates the direction of a neutrino and the purple line the direction of an electron escaping from the decay of the top quark .
Credit : CDF collaboration , Fermi National Accelerator LaboratorySearching for single - top production makes finding a needle in a haystack look easy .
Only one in every 20 billion proton - antiproton collisions produces a single top quark .
Even worse , the signal of these rare occurrences is easily mimicked by other " background " processes that occur at much higher rates .
" Observation of the single top quark production is an important milestone for the Tevatron program , " said Dr. Dennis Kovar , Associate Director of the Office of Science for High Energy Physics at the U.S. Department of Energy .
" Furthermore , the highly sensitive and successful analysis is an important step in the search for the Higgs .
" Discovering the single top quark production presents challenges similar to the Higgs boson search in the need to extract an extremely small signal from a very large background .
Advanced analysis techniques pioneered for the single top discovery are now in use for the Higgs boson search .
In addition , the single top and the Higgs signals have backgrounds in common , and the single top is itself a background for the Higgs particle .
To make the single - top discovery , physicists of the CDF and DZero collaborations spent years combing independently through the results of proton - antiproton collisions recorded by their experiments , respectively .
Each team identified several thousand collision events that looked the way experimenters expect single top events to appear .
Sophisticated statistical analysis and detailed background modeling showed that a few hundred collision events produced the real thing .
On March 4 , the two teams submitted their independent results to Physical Review Letters .
This proton - antiproton collision , recorded by the DZero collaboration , is among the single top quark candidate events .
The top quark decayed and produced a bottom quark jet , a muon and a neutrino .
Credit : DZero collaboration , Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory
The two collaborations earlier had reported preliminary results on the search for the single top .
Since then , experimenters have more than doubled the amount of data analyzed and sharpened selection and analysis techniques , making the discovery possible .
For each experiment , the probability that background events have faked the signal is now only one in nearly four million , allowing both collaborations to claim a bona fide discovery that paves the way to more discoveries .
" I am thrilled that CDF and DZero achieved this goal , " said Fermilab Director Pier Oddone .
" The two collaborations have been searching for this rare process for the last fifteen years , starting before the discovery of the top quark in 1995 .
Investigating these subatomic processes in more detail may open a window onto physics phenomena beyond the Standard Model . " References : D0 Collaboration , V.M. Abazov , et al , ' Observation of Single Top Quark Production ' , arXiv:0903.0850v1 [ hep - ex ]
CDF collaboration , T. Aaltonen , et al , ' First Observation of Electroweak Single Top Quark Production ' , arXiv:0903.0885v1 [ hep - ex ]
Former PM suggests religion will be as important to 21st century as ideology was to 20th
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Political leaders have to " do God " if they are to engage properly with the modern world , even if they personally have no religious faith , former prime minister Tony Blair said today .
Blair was notoriously reticent about discussing his own religious faith while prime minister , with his head of communications , Alastair Campbell , once famously saying : " We do n't do God . "
But since leaving Downing Street , Blair has converted to Catholicism and become increasingly open about the importance of religion to his thinking .
Writing today in the New Statesman – guest - edited this week by Campbell – he suggested that even while still in office he felt that religion was a key to understanding the modern world .
And he suggested that religious faith might be as significant to the new century as political ideology was to the last .
Blair said : " As the years of my premiership passed , one fact struck me with increasing force : that failure to understand the power of religion meant failure to understand the modern world .
" Religious faith and how it develops could be of the same significance to the 21st century as political ideology was to the 20th .
Leaders , whether of religious faith themselves or not , have to ' do God ' . "
By James Cove
BBC News , in the Swiss Alps
Some argue that people wearing helmets ski with less care
The death of Natasha Richardson has sparked a debate about whether it should be mandatory for skiers and snowboarders to wear helmets .
There 's been a sharp rise in the number of people wearing helmets after several high - profile ski accidents this winter and some compulsion has already come in .
However , the medical evidence is not conclusive and it's not thought any widespread compulsion is imminent in the Alps .
This winter Lower Austria made it compulsory for all children under 14 to wear a helmet after the death of a 41 - year old woman who had a high - speed collision with the German politician , Dieter Althaus , in January .
He was wearing a helmet and survived , while she had no head protection .
Althaus has since been found guilty of manslaughter .
After the accident , helmet sales increased sharply in Austria and Germany and some shops ran out of stock .
In the UK , retailer Snow and Rock reports a 15 % growth in sales this winter .
A helmet will protect by absorbing some of the impact , thus possibly reducing the severity of injury
Jonathan Bell
Consultant surgeon
Italy already makes it compulsory for children to wear a helmet and many ski schools across the Alps insist on it .
" Serious head injuries are thankfully comparatively rare in skiing but are a significant cause of death and severe long - term disability , " says the consultant surgeon , Jonathan Bell .
" There is good evidence that even moderate head injuries can lead to some permanent disability .
" A helmet will protect against minor injury by absorbing some of the impact and spreading the load , thus possibly reducing the severity of injury . "
This winter in Austria seven people have died as a result of collisions on the slopes .
In total , 29 skiers and snowboarders have died in ski accidents this season .
So , how many people already wear a helmet ?
' Common sense '
The BBC conducted a straw poll on a cable car in Verbier , Switzerland , and out of 75 people , 34 were wearing helmets .
" I have chosen not to wear a helmet but I am now definitely considering wearing one , " said British skier Rory Ross - Russell , who has been skiing for over 30 years .
Experts do not expect skiers to be forced to wear helmets " I ensure my children wear one so I guess I should too . "
Those people who wore a helmet said it was simply common sense , but all were against making it compulsory .
" People should be educated about the risks and then be allowed to make their own mind up , " one Dutch skier said .
In Quebec , Canada , where Natasha Richardson suffered her fatal accident , it 's reported that moves are already being considered to make helmets compulsory .
Some doctors had raised the issue earlier this season and the province 's Sports Minister , Michelle Courchesne , announced it was under review for next winter .
However , the instances of severe head injuries are very rare and some people argue that wearing a helmet makes people feel invincible so they ski with less care and consideration .
It 's highly unlikely that it will be made compulsory for everyone to wear a helmet as serious head injuries are relatively rare
Julian Griffiths
British Association of Snowsports Instructors Natasha Richardson 's accident and death have been widely reported on skiing and snowboarding websites .
Their chat rooms are full of the debate , though most skiers and snowboarders do not want to be made to wear a helmet - most people do not feel it will be made compulsory .
This is a view supported by the British Association of Snowsports Instructors , BASI .
" Despite the debate going on it's highly unlikely that it will be made compulsory for everyone to wear a helmet as serious head injuries are relatively rare and the medical evidence is not conclusive , " says Julian Griffiths , a spokesman for BASI .
" At the moment many Alpine nations encourage helmet use , but do not want to pass laws to make it mandatory . "
Changed attitudes Attitudes to wearing a helmet have changed considerably in recent years .
Serious head injuries while skiing are relatively rare , instructors say Personally I have been wearing one for the past seven years but when I first wore one as a ski instructor , the head of my ski school in Switzerland preferred me not to wear one as he felt it sent out the wrong signal .
" It makes instructors look like they are extreme skiers about to jump off cliffs and ski dangerously , " I was told .
Now , though , ski instructors are encouraged to wear a helmet as it is thought to set a good example .
Whether it is made compulsory or not the death of Natasha Richardson is certain to see more and more people opting to wear a helmet on the slopes .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There are many factors that go into a well - washed plate : pre-rinsing of dried food remnants , hot water , soap , gumption .
The most important one is the sense of touch .
After scrubbing a plate and rinsing it off , it 's important to feel it , too .
Just like people , plates can look clean but be filthy .
Once a quick scrub removes the yellow remains of egg , if you run your fingers over a plate and sense what feels like egg residue , that 's egg .
That does n't mean the egg is some indomitable substance , best left for the next poor dishwashing sap , or perhaps broken down over time .
It means you missed a spot .
Wash it again .
How to stack washed dishes :
If you have ever played Tetris , then you know that there is an art , or at least science , to stacking differently shaped items .
( If you have never played Tetris , there is something suspicious about you . )
See , plates are flat circles .
Bowls are half - spheres .
Glasses are cylinders .
If you had the opportunity to arrange the shapes into groups , before a round of Tetris , there would be no game .
You would simply have a neat pile of blocks .
Even if ( especially if ) there is a random pile of dirty dishes on the counter , spend 30 seconds grouping them together before turning the water on .
You 'll spend less time looking for that valuable slot , when all the plates are washed together .
Restaurant critic Corey Mintz does not own a dishwasher , which makes him an expert scrubber ( and preachy ) .
Barack Obama
Obama Makes a Courtesy Call to George W. Bush
By Anne E. Kornblut
CAMP LEJEUNE , N.C. --
Before announcing his plan for withdrawing troops from Iraq , President Obama made an intriguing courtesy call on Friday morning : to former president George W. Bush , who began the war that Obama has so vehemently opposed .
White House officials did not elaborate on the call , which Obama placed from a holding room at Camp Lejeune just moments before he gave his long - awaited speech .
Robert Gibbs , the White House press secretary , said Obama made the call " as a courtesy " to the former president .
Earlier in the day , aboard Air Force One , Obama called another interested party , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri Al - Maliki .
The Iraqi prime minister had already declared that he was unconcerned about the troop withdrawals , which will leave about 50,000 U.S. troops in place even after the bulk of the forces leave in August of 2010 .
Obama is delivering his address to thousands of service members here .
Posted at 12:21 PM ET on Feb 27 , 2009 | Category : Barack Obama
Share This : Technorati | Tag in Del.icio.us | Digg This
Previous : Obama Promises End to Combat in Iraq by Aug. 31 , 2010 | Next : Gordon Brown to Meet with Obama
Add 44 to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Be the first to know when there 's a new installment of The Trail .
This widget is easy to add to your Web site , and it will update every time there 's a new entry on The Trail .
Posted by : JakeD | March 2 , 2009 9:09 AM
Posted by : robtay12003 | February 28 , 2009 6:47 PM
Posted by : robtay12003 | February 28 , 2009 6:40 PM
Posted by : robtay12003 | February 28 , 2009 6:34 PM
Posted by : jdmsad | February 28 , 2009 11:33 AM
Posted by : JakeD | February 28 , 2009 1:02 AM
Posted by : tomchambers | February 27 , 2009 11:29 PM
Posted by : oldgeek143 | February 27 , 2009 8:36 PM
Posted by : a4853916 | February 27 , 2009 7:01 PM
Posted by : JakeD | February 27 , 2009 6:48 PM
Posted by : JRM2 | February 27 , 2009 5:54 PM
Posted by : JakeD | February 27 , 2009 5:23 PM
Posted by : JakeD | February 27 , 2009 5:14 PM
Posted by : danandlindaking | February 27 , 2009 4:47 PM
Posted by : edwcorey | February 27 , 2009 4:45 PM
Posted by : scrivener50 | February 27 , 2009 4:06 PM
Posted by : LibHawk | February 27 , 2009 4:06 PM
Posted by : mongoose3 | February 27 , 2009 3:55 PM
Posted by : Snowcialist | February 27 , 2009 3:47 PM
Posted by : mongoose3 | February 27 , 2009 3:43 PM
Posted by : alanearth | February 27 , 2009 3:28 PM
Posted by : JakeD | February 27 , 2009 2:47 PM
Posted by : JakeD | February 27 , 2009 2:45 PM
Posted by : demtse | February 27 , 2009 2:39 PM
Posted by : natalierosen1 | February 27 , 2009 2:36 PM
Posted by : pokeymompokey | February 27 , 2009 2:35 PM
Posted by : demtse | February 27 , 2009 2:35 PM
Posted by : gwalter1 | February 27 , 2009 2:30 PM
Posted by : JakeD | February 27 , 2009 2:17 PM
Posted by : NotBubba | February 27 , 2009 2:10 PM
Posted by : JakeD | February 27 , 2009 2:00 PM
Posted by : scrivener50 | February 27 , 2009 1:58 PM
Posted by : JasonSoCA | February 27 , 2009 1:33 PM
Posted by : R2D2 - 51 | February 27 , 2009 1:28 PM
Posted by : nodebris | February 27 , 2009 1:25 PM
Posted by : charlesf1 | February 27 , 2009 1:24 PM
Posted by : hchiba | February 27 , 2009 1:23 PM
Posted by : CranialRectalLoopback | February 27 , 2009 1:22 PM
Posted by : JasonSoCA | February 27 , 2009 1:14 PM
Posted by : marinemommilof3 | February 27 , 2009 1:09 PM
Posted by : BethA | February 27 , 2009 1:08 PM
Posted by : MiddleWay1 | February 27 , 2009 1:04 PM
Posted by : JakeD | February 27 , 2009 12:59 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
MARCH 31-- In a law enforcement first , Ohio cops this month arrested a man for drunk driving on a motorized bar stool .
That 's right , a motorized bar stool , which can be seen in a police evidence photo .
According to cops , Kile Wygle , 28 , crashed his bar stool near his Newark home earlier this month and called 911 due to his injuries .
When an officer arrived and asked Wygle what happened , he answered , ' I wrecked my bar stool . '
According to a Newark Police Division report , a copy of which you 'll find here , Wygle 's homemade ride is powered by a Briggs & Stratton lawnmower engine .
Wygle noted that the bar stool could hit nearly 40 miles per hour , but that he was only going 20 when he wiped out late in the afternoon on March 4 ( a witness told police that he spotted someone driving a ' strange motorized machine ' before the crash ) .
A plastered Wygle , who failed a series of field sobriety tests , was charged with DUI and driving with a suspended license , both misdemeanors .
His bar stool was not impounded .
( 5 pages )
By Jason Toff , Google Mac Team
.
Over the past few weeks , a number of enhancements have been made to Google 's offerings for the iPhone .
We wanted to highlight some of those improvements here .
Google Sync allows you to get your Gmail Contacts and Google Calendar events to your phone .
Once you set up Sync on your phone , it will automatically begin synchronizing your address book and calendar in the background , over - the - air , so you can attend to other tasks .
Sync uses push technology so any changes or additions to your calendar or contacts are reflected on your device in minutes .
Learn more on the Google Mobile blog or try Sync at m.google.com/sync
Tasks lets you easily create and manage to - do lists in Gmail and on your iPhone .
While on the go , you can view tasks , add tasks , and mark them as completed .
These changes are automatically reflected in Gmail .
Using your iPhone , you can also add , edit , and delete entire lists .
Learn more on the Gmail blog or get started with tasks at gmail.com / tasks
Over 1.5 million public domain books in the US ( and over half a million outside the US ) are now available for perusing on your iPhone .
You can search for a title , author , or subject .
Or you can browse the list of " Featured books " and various categories like business , the classics , travel , and more .
Learn more on the Google Book Search blog or start reading at http://books.google.com/m
Last week , we launched new capabilities to Google Docs for your iPhone that allow you to add new rows , edit existing cells , sort by columns , and filter by terms .
Now you do n't have to wait until you get to your computer to update a spreadsheet .
Learn more on the Google Docs blog or start editing at m.google.com/docs
It has been Hamas ' first foray into parliamentary elections
The BBC's Martin Asser examines the consequences .
How much of a shock is a Hamas victory ?
A big shock .
Almost no one was predicting that Hamas would win a clear majority in the Palestinian parliament .
Even the exit polls put the mainstream Fatah party - which has dominated Palestinian politics since the 1960s - ahead by a few percentage points .
Most observers had been predicting a hung parliament with the two sides forced into a coalition .
However , the signs of deep dissatisfaction with Fatah have been visible for years : its corruption , inefficiency , and lack of progress in achieving the Palestinians ' national goals of independence and a just settlement with Israel .
So perhaps the world should not be that surprised by the win - though even Hamas will be surprised at the size of the victory .
What are the implications for Palestinians of Hamas forming a government ?
Many Palestinians will have voted for Hamas because of its perceived discipline and integrity , and its strong anti-Israeli ideology .
It is still too early to say how these characteristics will manifest themselves in a Hamas - led Palestinian government .
Some of the lustre may well rub off when Hamas faces the realities of administration in the very tough circumstances of the Israeli occupation and the breakdown of order on the Palestinian side .
It will doubtless concentrate on the domestic side , tackling issues such as law and order , poverty and healthcare .
The imposition of strict Islamic government is not expected .
The movement 's charter and philosophy will probably come under intense scrutiny , as Fatah 's did when Yasser Arafat set up the Palestinian Authority in the 1990s .
And a lot depends on whether Hamas will form a unity coalition with Fatah - as it says it wants to - which may temper some of its hardline policies regarding Israel and a return to the peace process .
What are the implications for Israel and international diplomacy ?
Some Palestinians argue that Hamas ' participation in elections signifies a de facto recognition of Israel and a two - state peace deal , although Hamas denies this .
Israel says it will negotiate with the Palestinians if militant groups are disarmed .
Now the biggest armed militant group has taken control of the political sphere as well as the " resistance " .
Most likely , therefore , is a continuation of the unilateral policy forged by Ariel Sharon in Gaza , and backed by acting Israeli PM Ehud Olmert : Withdrawal from occupied territory in the West Bank and a retreat to Israeli - drawn , defendable borders .
That is if the Kadima party wins the election due on 28 March .
Hamas ' victory may fuel support for the right - wing Likud party , which argued that Israel should have opposed elections in which Hamas took part .
The US and the international community are also in fix , and will demand major concessions from Hamas before they do business with it .
Hamas is currently maintaining a ceasefire , but remains committed to the armed struggle , the destruction of Israel and retaliatory attacks on Israeli civilians .
It is an open question what will happen to the large international aid budget received by the Palestinian Authority mainly from the European Union , which categorises Hamas as a terrorist organisation .
Who might become the Hamas prime minister ?
It is ironic that the position of Palestinian prime minister was created in 2003 in response to US pressure to devolve power away from the powerful presidency of Yasser Arafat .
The position until now has held little importance .
That will change dramatically with a Hamas incumbent invested with a popular mandate .
Hamas is led by a complicated and covert system that was established in response to Israel 's assassination of several of its top leaders in recent years .
Some of its top leaders live in exile in Syria and Lebanon .
The top name on Hamas ' electoral list was the Gaza political leader Ismail Haniya - considered a moderate in the movement 's ranks whose position on the list was seen as an appeal to mainstream voters .
He would therefore seem a natural choice to become prime minister .
Another possibility would be Mahmoud Zahhar , also based in Gaza , a co-founder of the organisation with Sheikh Ahmad Yassin , who may be more hardline than Mr Haniya , but is believed to have been the leading advocate of Hamas ' participation in the election .
What is the position of the Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas ?
Hamas ' victory does not directly affect the presidency of Mr Abbas , who was elected for a four - year term in office in January 2005 .
It is his job to pick the prime minister , but he must do so in co-ordination with the largest party in parliament - Hamas .
It is the first time the Palestinian government has had a situation of " cohabitation " between the executive and legislative branches , and it is not clear how the relationship will take shape .
But such a powerful mandate for Hamas will clearly eat away at the authority Mr Abbas gained last year with his own crushing win in presidential elections - a contest that Hamas boycotted .
On the plus side for him , US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice telephoned to tell him that the United States " would continue to back him and policies " , according to his spokesman .
Washington has not confirmed the exact content of the conversation yet , but President George W Bush said during a news conference : " We 'd like him to stay in power . "
A new psychodynamic approach to bullying in schools has been successfully trialled by UCL ( University College London ) and US researchers .
CAPSLE ( Creating a Peaceful School Learning Environment ) is a groundbreaking method focused more on the bystander , including the teacher , than on the bully or the victim .
The study , published in the Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry , shows that an easily implemented school - wide intervention focussing on empathy and power dynamics can reduce children ’s experiences of aggression in school and improve classroom behaviour .
Professor Peter Fonagy , UCL Clinical , Educational and Health Psychology , and lead author of the paper , says : “ Bullying has an extensive impact on children ’s mental health including disruptive and aggressive behaviour , school dropout , substance abuse , depressed mood , anxiety , and social withdrawal .
It also undermines educational achievement and disrupts children ’s abilities to develop social relationships .
“ While school anti-bullying programmes are widely used , there have been few controlled trials of their effectiveness .
CAPSLE is a psychodynamic approach that addresses the co-created relationship between bully , victim , and bystanders , assuming that all members of the school community , including teachers , play a role in bullying .
It aims to improve the capacity of all community members to mentalize , that is , to interpret one 's own and others ' behaviour in terms of mental states ( beliefs , wishes , feelings ) , assuming that greater awareness of other people 's feelings will counteract the temptation to bully others .
It also teaches people to manage power struggles and issues , both of which are known to damage mentalizing . ”
The randomized study , working with 1,345 third to fifth graders ( 8 - 11 year olds ) in nine US elementary schools , assessed the efficacy of a three - year programme .
In total , about 4,000 children were exposed to the study protocol .
CAPSLE schools were compared with schools receiving no intervention and those using only School Psychiatric Consultation ( SPC ) where children with the most significant behavioural problems were assessed and referred for counselling .
Rather than simply targeting aggressive children , the CAPSLE programme worked to develop mentalizing skills in students and staff across the wider school community , beginning with bystanders perceiving and accepting their own ( unthinking ) role in maintaining the bully - victim relationship through abdicating responsibility and making an implicit decision not to think about what the bully / victim is experiencing .
The emphasis was on the need to understand rather than react to others and thus avoid the problems created by a regression into the victim , victimizer and bully .
Poster campaigns , stickers and badges were used to create a climate where feelings were labelled and distress was acknowledged as legitimate , with the ultimate aim of changing the way the entire school social system viewed bullying .
In the first year of the study , teachers received a day of group training and students received nine sessions of self - defence .
This training in martial arts with role - playing was designed to help children understand how they responded to victimization and how that victimization affected their capacity to think clearly and creatively .
During the study , teachers were discouraged from making disciplinary referrals ( such as sending someone to the principal ’s office ) unless absolutely necessary , and classes were asked to take 15 minutes at the end of the school day to reflect on the day ’s activities .
All classes would reflect on bully - victim - bystander relationships according to a structured format depicted in posters placed in all classrooms .
Children would assess the extent to which they had succeeded in being reflective and compassionate .
They would then make a classroom decision on whether or not a class banner should be posted outside the room to say that the classroom had had a good mentalizing day .
The study found that children were much tougher on themselves than teachers would have been under similar circumstances
Over the course of the study , reports of aggression , victimization , bystanding behaviour and mentalizing were gathered twice yearly from classroom questionnaires completed by the children .
Behavioural observations on a randomly chosen subgroup of children were made at regular intervals by observers who looked for ‘ off - task ’ and disruptive behaviour .
The programme was found to generate more positive bystanding behaviours , greater empathy for victims , and less favourable attitudes towards aggression in CAPSLE schools .
In these schools , fewer children were nominated by their peers as aggressive , victimized , or engaging in aggressive bystanding compared with the control schools .
This was confirmed by behavioural observation of less disruptive and off - task classroom behaviour in CAPSLE schools .
CAPSLE made no attempt to focus on helping disturbed children individually or picking them out for treatment .
It did not set explicit rules against bullying , nor did it advocate any special treatment for bullying children .
Nevertheless , over time the study found that bullies came to be disempowered , initially complaining that the programme was boring and should be stopped until gradually the social system tended to recruit them into more helpful roles .
For example , a fifth grade bully who was “ humping ” the school trophy case to display his sexual prowess to much younger children became a helper of kindergarteners who were upset and helped them with tasks like tying shoelaces .
Over the course of the study , bullying increased across all the schools being monitored ( no intervention , SPC and CAPSLE schools ) , but the percentages of children victimized were substantially larger in the first two types of schools from start to end .
At the start of the study , 13 per cent of CAPSLE children were victimised compared to 19 per cent at the end .
The increase among SPC children was from 15 to 25 per cent and from 14 to 26 per cent in the schools receiving no interventions .
This school district had numerous socioeconomic problems over the course of the study , making the CAPSLE effects on bullying more remarkable .
Rosario Dawson posed naughty poses in Complex magazine .
Rosario is seen posing in S&M gear , as a naughty schoolgirl , and some sexy massage parlor looking scene .
I think she is very very hot in bed ..... AUOO !!!
The price of carbon has hit new lows as power generators and industrial companies continue to cash in credits under the emissions trading scheme ( ETS ) to bolster their balance sheets .
The price of European Union allowances under the second phase of the ETS has plunged to € 10.15 ( £ 8.8 ) per tonne compared with highs of more than € 30 in July last year .
Analysts at Barclays Capital warned the price could fall further to €9 while Utilyx , the carbon information provider , said : " There seems to be no bottom to carbon prices at the moment . "
Market experts blame the decline on profit taking and a collapse in manufacturing , which has reached its lowest levels since 1981 in Britain .
Power generators and industrial firms are selling their credits to raise cash during the credit crunch but also because they are confident they will not need as many pollution permits at a time of falling demand for their products .
The decline in emissions is good for global warming .
But it also means reductions are being made in " offset " projects , where western companies can invest in green schemes in places such as China to counter the impact of their carbon production at home .
The slump in the price of credits under the ETS will revive criticisms that the cap and trade scheme has just turned carbon into another volatile market commodity used by speculators to make money .
Vincent de Rivaz , the chief executive of EDF Energy , told the Guardian last week that the operations of the ETS needed to be reviewed by Brussels before carbon was turned into a " sub - prime tool " by unscrupulous companies , instead of doing the job it was set up for : reducing CO2 emissions as a way of tackling global warming .
EDF , the power company 85 % owned by the French state , admitted it had sold some of its own carbon credits on the market – in very small numbers – with the rest being transferred for use around the group 's other overseas businesses .
A research paper published by the environmental group WWF in collaboration with the Point Carbon consultancy last spring claimed windfall profits of up to $ 70bn could be made by the power groups in the course of phase two of the ETS , which runs from 2008 to 2012 .
They pointed out that there would have to be a high carbon price to achieve those particular financial gains .
Sanjeev Kumar , the emissions trading scheme coordinator at the WWF , said : " The way the national allocations plans are set up is a disaster .
Handing free permits to power companies is like handing them a cash bonus .
Cheap profits for doing nothing is scandalous . "
Deutsche Bank and others predict carbon prices will rise again as industrial production picks up and the EU tightens the regulation on allowances , especially for phase three of the scheme , which will run until 2020 .
But analysts have been consistently wrong about the direction of carbon prices ; 12 months ago they predicted they would double from € 22 per tonne to more than €40 .
The new US administration of Barack Obama is considering whether or not to set up its own federal carbon emissions trading scheme .
Such a move would help push the world towards a global trading scheme , but critics say all these projects should be halted .
If you are in the military and in need of financial assistance , Omni Financial® is here for you .
We specialize in providing military loans to active duty and career ( 20 + yrs ) retired service members of the following branches of the U.S. Armed Forces :
Army
Navy
Air Force
Marines
Coast Guard
You can also apply for a loan with Omni if you are a past or current Omni customer .
Receive fast access to funds that can be used for personal purposes , debt consolidation , emergency expenses , PCS moves , lease deposits and much more .
Our loans range in amounts from $ 500 to $ 10,000 with repayment terms from 6 to 36 months .
Click request a call now for more information , one of our offices will contact you promptly .
Providing Financial Assistance for 50 Years
Omni provides loans exclusively to active duty and career retired military and we are dedicated to responsible lending practices .
Since our establishment in 1970 we have helped hundreds of thousands of service members stationed around the world obtain the funds they need quickly and easily .
We are one of the first companies to lend to America ’s troops and offer many benefits :
Simple loan application process
Apply online , by phone or at an office location
Receive funds as quickly as the same day
Competitive rates
Personalized service
No hidden fees
Friendly and knowledgeable customer service representatives
15 - Day Satisfaction Guarantee
All our military loans are backed by a 100 % satisfaction guarantee .
If for any reason you are not completely satisfied , you can return the proceeds within 15 days and we will cancel your loan — that ’s our promise to you .
We Know the Armed Forces Because We ’ve Been in Your Shoes
Our decades of experience and expertise in responsible military lending are reflected in everything we do .
We have an in - depth understanding of the military lifestyle because we are staffed by veterans , military spouses , and military advocates who understand the unique needs of service members .
Our specialists will work with you to create a financing plan that best meets your goals and budget , with a focus to get you back on track and on your way to a more secure financial future .
Apply Online Now or Visit One of Our Offices
Unlike other lenders , Omni Financial® makes it easy for you to apply for the personal loan you need .
Our application process is free , straightforward , and confidential .
Even if you have less than perfect credit , we can still help you .
Apply for a military loan online , by phone , or in person by visiting one of our stateside offices serving military installations around the country .
Whichever way you choose to apply and regardless of where you are stationed , upon loan approval , you will have access to your loan funds in next to no time .
Come in , call or apply online , loan applications are accepted online 24/7 .
At Omni Financial® , we are proud to say that we treat service members like family .
See for yourself why we are one of the most trusted names in military lending .
Apply for a loan today !
Request a call if you have any question , one of our offices will contact you promptly .
Omni supports Veterans Airlift Command .
Read about Omni ’s other goodwill involvement .
Two weeks ago , Facebook ’s “ in house sociologist ” Cameron Marlow shared interesting data with The Economist on Facebook users ’ social behavior patterns – essentially , while Facebook users have many friends , they only actively communicate with a core group of them .
Today , Marlow has shared additional thoughts and data on the findings in his personal blog .
A few highlights :
1 ) Facebook ’s Data Team calculated the number of friends for whom users “ maintain ” Facebook relationships , where “ maintain ” is defined as having clicked on a News Feed story or visited their profile more than twice .
Their findings ?
For those users with 500 friends , men maintain 7.8 % of Facebook relationships , while women maintain 9.4 % of Facebook relationships
of Facebook relationships , while women maintain of Facebook relationships
For those users with 120 friends , men maintain 15.8 % of Facebook relationships , while women maintain 18.3 % of Facebook relationships
of Facebook relationships , while women maintain of Facebook relationships
For those users with 50 friends , men maintain 18 % of Facebook relationships , while women maintain 20 % of Facebook relationships
2 ) The number of maintained , one - way , and reciprocal relationships scales on the order of 10 % of total network size , as you would expect .
3 ) The News Feed is allowing more people to stay connected .
As Facebook ’s Marlow says ,
The stark contrast between reciprocal and passive networks shows the effect of technologies such as News Feed .
If these people were required to talk on the phone to each other , we might see something like the reciprocal network , where everyone is connected to a small number of individuals .
Moving to an environment where everyone is passively engaged with each other , some event , such as a new baby or engagement can propagate very quickly through this highly connected network .
To get the full details on the Facebook Data Team ’s approach and analysis , check out Marlow ’s full post here .
Bicycling Mormon missionaries in Georgia get a big suprise as they try to preach their teachings to a priest of the Israelite Church of God in Jesus Christ .
Prospects for Red Dwarf ‘ Earths ’
Most stars in our region of the galaxy are low - mass M-dwarfs , making the investigation of their planetary systems quite interesting .
If we learn that stars like these , which comprise over 70 percent of the galactic population , can be orbited by Earth - like planets , then the galaxy may be awash with such worlds .
But some models have indicated that Earth - sized planets would be rare around these stars , working on the assumption that scaled - down versions of the Sun ’s protoplanetary disk would tend to produce only low - mass planets .
Clearly , we need to know more about the masses of such inner disks , since available mass seems to be a key to the formation of habitable planets .
Extrapolate the early nebula from our own Solar System to lower protoplanetary disk masses around M- dwarfs and the terrestrial worlds that form are no larger than Mars — they ’re small , dry , worlds unlikely to develop life .
Low - mass disks would seem to lead to low - mass planets .
But what if those M - dwarf protoplanetary disks are n’t just scaled - down versions of our Sun’s ?
Fortunately , we can use accretion simulations to study the possible results of varying these parameters , which is what Gregory Laughlin and Ryan Montgomery recently set out to do .
From their paper :
Time and again over the past decade , nature has surprised planet hunters with the sheer diversity of planetary systems .
Experience has shown that planet formation under a variety of conditions can be more efficient than the example of our own system would suggest .
Our approach in this paper has been to investigate a planet building model that lies at the optimistic , yet still justifiable range of formation scenarios .
Should our picture prove correct , then the prospects for discovery of truly earthlike , alarmingly nearby , and potentially habitable planets may lie close at hand .
I like that ‘ alarmingly nearby ’ phrase !
To set about investigating this , Laughlin and Montgomery weigh different disk and star mass scenarios .
They study both Io and GJ 876d for clues , looking for reasonable answers to the question of disk density at a close orbital radius from low mass stars .
They draw on the formation of the moons of Jupiter as inspiration for their model .
Image :
In learning more about how planets form around M- dwarfs , we ’ll discover how common Earth - mass planets may be .
Credit : David Aguilar / Harvard Smithsonian CfA .
And indeed , the simulated M - dwarf planets that emerge from their simulations are worlds with more similarities to Jupiter ’s larger moons than to Earth or Venus .
Using an M - dwarf some twelve percent as massive as the Sun as their base , the team simulates the accretion of planetary embryos through the late phases of growth , finding that systems of three to five planets could emerge with masses comparable to Earth ’s in stable orbits in or near the habitable zone , along with one to two planets per system with masses comparable to Mars .
The further good news is that a terrestrial world like this around a nearby low - mass M - dwarf should be detectable with radial velocity measurements .
Narrowing the sample of local stars to a prime catalog of 169 M - dwarfs , the team tests for detection possibilities from the ground and , with a larger range of targets , from space , the latter simulated by plugging in the characteristics of the proposed TESS ( Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite ) spacecraft .
While ground detections are marginal , the simulation showed that a space observatory like TESS would find some seventeen of the simulated planets after a two year survey .
It would n’t take much , in other words , to put this theory to an early test .
Not only that , but a low - mass star offers up a readily detectable field for a transit of a planet of this size .
And because the Laughlin / Montgomery model would produce planets that are poor in volatiles ( and thus smaller in radius for a given mass than their volatile - rich counterparts ) , a Doppler wobble combined with a transit could determine whether this scenario is viable .
All of this used to seem so utterly theoretical , but with both CoRoT and Kepler in space , we ’re getting used to the idea that finding Earth - class planets may not take more than another couple of years .
Learning that habitable worlds are possible around the numerous red dwarfs in our neighborhood is clearly something we can accomplish , with the added advantage of learning much about how these planets form .
The paper is Montgomery and Laughlin , “ Formation and Detection of Earth Mass Planets Around Low Mass Stars , ” accepted by Icarus and available online .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
The FIA has introduced a budget cap in Formula 1 for the 2010 season , as autosport.com predicted last month , following a meeting of its World Motor Sport Council on Tuesday .
The voluntary cap will be set at £ 30 million per team per season , and those outfits signing up to the option will be allowed total technical freedom .
The FIA hopes that the move will make it easier for news teams to enter F1 and allow those teams without manufacturer support to be guaranteed a long future in the sport .
As a way of enticing teams to take up the option of the budget cap , the FIA has stated that it will tweak the regulations to ensure those with restricted finances will be just as competitive as those spending unlimited amounts of money .
A statement issued by the FIA said : " The technical freedoms accorded to the low - budget teams will be adjusted from time to time to keep their median performance on a par with the median performance of the unlimited - expenditure teams .
The regulations for the unlimited - expenditure teams will remain stable and fixed . "
FIA president Max Mosley confirmed that the £ 30 million budget cap would include drivers ' salaries .
When asked what was included , Mosley said : " Everything except the motor home ( if the team has one ) and any fine (s ) imposed by the FIA .
All expenditure will be included , even the salaries of the drivers and team principal .
" If the team is profitable , it can pay a dividend to its shareholders , who may well include a chief engineer , team principal or even a driver .
But we would make sure the team was genuinely making enough profit to cover the dividend . "
Mosley also outlined details of what technical freedoms teams that signed up for the budget cap would be allowed .
" A different ( but standard ) under body , movable wings , no engine rev limit , no restriction on the number or type of updates , no homologation requirements , no limits on materials , testing , simulators , wind tunnels and so forth - most of the cost saving measures introduced over the last few years will not apply to these teams , " he explained .
" However measures to save money during the race weekend , such as the ban on refuelling and the Saturday parc ferme , will apply to both categories of team .
We are also thinking about a much bigger capacity KERS for the cost - capped teams .
But all this must be covered by the £ 30 million - no exceptions and no free or subsidised outside help .
" Anything supplied by another team or an outside supplier will be included at its full commercial cost except for items supplied to all teams at subsidised rates under the single supplier arrangements negotiated by the FIA ( e.g. for tyres ) , which allow all teams to benefit equally from reduced costs . "
He added : " The engine will comply with current rules , except that there will be no rev limit and no development freeze .
However , the entire engine expenditure will come out of the cap .
If the engine is supplied by an outside commercial entity or another team , we will have to be satisfied that there is no hidden subsidy .
" If a team has its own engine , we will check its full cost just as we will the rest of the car .
The current rule limiting manufacturers to supplying engines to one additional team each will remain in place . "
Sun Yaoting was 8 when his father castrated him with a single swoop of a razor .
The year was 1911 , and China was in turmoil .
Just a few months later rebels deposed the emperor , overturned centuries of tradition and established a republic .
“ Our boy has suffered for nothing , ” his father said , weeping and beating his breast , when he learned that the emperor had been overthrown .
“ They do n’t need eunuchs anymore ! ”
Little did he know that the child nevertheless would earn a place in Chinese history .
The imperial court was resuscitated long enough to give
Sun a chance to serve the wife of the boy emperor Puyi -- a position that gave him the distinction of being the last eunuch to the last Chinese emperor .
Advertisement
After the Communists came to power in 1949 , Sun and other surviving eunuchs were despised as freakish symbols of the feudal past .
He was nearly killed during the Cultural Revolution in the late 1960s , and his siblings were so fearful of persecution that they threw away his bao , or treasure : the severed genitals that eunuchs kept pickled in a jar so they could be buried as complete men .
It was not until the final years of his life that Sun was recognized as a rare living repository of history .
A biography based on hours of interviews in the years before his death in 1996 was recently translated into English .
The book arrives as a museum dedicated to eunuchs , built around the tomb of a 16th century eunuch , is undergoing a major expansion .
It is scheduled to reopen in May .
Whether the interest is prurient or scholarly , the curiosity is definitely there .
Emasculation was thought to render eunuchs nonpersons , without ambition or ego , so their presence in the innermost sanctum of the imperial palace did not violate the emperor ’s privacy .
Advertisement
“ The eunuchs were very mysterious and in some ways more interesting than the emperors themselves , ” said Jia Yinghua , Sun ’s biographer .
Jia met
Sun when he was researching a book about Puyi , and recorded 100 hours of conversations with him .
The biography , “ The Last Eunuch of China : The Life of Sun Yaoting , ” contains everything you might want to know about the gruesome particulars of becoming a eunuch , along with much you probably would not want to know .
Suffice it to say the boys went through excruciating pain without benefit of anesthesia ( other than chile peppers in some cases ) .
In addition to a lifetime of impotence , they often suffered incontinence in exchange for entry to the palace .
Sun was unusual : Inspired by an older eunuch from his village who had become rich , he decided for himself that he wanted to follow this path .
But then the emperor was deposed and the castration had left him too weak for farm work .
Advertisement
The emperor retained the trappings of power in the Forbidden City , however .
Sun came to Beijing at age 14 , still wearing the pigtail of Chinese boys at the time .
He got a job with one of the emperor ’s uncles , and later with Puyi ’s wife .
He followed the imperial family to Manchuria after Puyi was installed in 1932 as puppet emperor of a Japanese colonial state known as Manchukuo .
Sun was privy to the court ’s most intimate secrets , the opium addiction and out - of - wedlock pregnancy of the emperor ’s first wife , Wanrong , and the emperor ’s ambivalence about his own sexuality .
Sun later told his biographer that Puyi was less interested in his wife than in a particular eunuch who “ looked like a pretty girl with his tall , slim figure , handsome face and creamy white skin . ”
He recalled that the two were “ inseparable as body and shadow . ”
After the Communists came to power , many of the eunuchs became penniless outcasts .
A few drowned themselves in the moats of the Forbidden City .
Sun , one of the few who was literate , got a job as caretaker of a temple , where he lived until his death .
The recollections of an adopted son and a grandson , together with the biography , make him one of the most documented eunuchs of modern times .
Advertisement
Scholars also will tell you about other eunuchs : Cai Lun was credited with inventing paper in AD 105 .
Zheng
He became one of China ’s greatest explorers in the 15th century .
But eunuchs are generally depicted in Chinese literature as conniving and greedy , the stock villains of many a palace intrigue .
The eunuch museum is in an overgrown cemetery with stone guardians and a tomb for the Ming dynasty eunuch Tian Yi , who died in 1602 .
Eunuchs were not permitted to be buried with their families , so several other favored eunuchs found their final resting place in Tian Yi’s compound in the foothills of west Beijing .
Hidden behind what had been an elementary school , the tombs somehow escaped destruction during the Cultural Revolution and were opened to the public in 1999 .
The expanded museum is to display paintings of eunuchs , a photo collection about Sun ’s life and other 20th century eunuchs , and items such as the curved knives used to castrate them .
“ The eunuchs are part of a long Chinese tradition that continues to this day in which the regular people had to do anything to serve the all - powerful central government , ” said Cui Weixing , a literary and cultural critic who has written about eunuchs .
Advertisement
“ Maybe that ’s why the Chinese government is n’t so anxious to publicize anything about eunuchs .
But it is a good start that we ’ll have this museum so that people can begin to learn . ”
--
barbara.demick@latimes.com
A drive through Pajottenland with visits to Westvleteren and Struise
March 10 , 2009
Time : Wake up in an uncomfortable hostel bed .
Mix one part jeg - lagged lethargy , one part hangover and one part upset stomach caused by an excessive amount of lambic the night before , this is a hell of a way to start the morning .
Stumbling around the hostel , there ’s kids everywhere ... 20 , maybe 22 years old .
We ’re the old people in the hostel .
Next time we need to be real and just get a hotel .
We walk out into an unbelievably bright street a few blocks from the heart of Brussels .
We have three blocks to go before we hit the subway .
What ’s that ?
A waffle stand ?
Hell yes .
Cover the thing in chocolate , yeah shake some powdered sugar on it , trade it to me for some of these coins .
Best food ever .
In the Hertz rental car office on the other side of town , it ’s about the size of a closet .
Loud woman in front of me is loud .
She ’s American , so I try to be extra quiet and polite to make up for her while I wait .
Drink some water to pass the time .
Read some travel brochures to brush up on your French .
At the counter there ’s no hang - ups , no problems , no concerns , we sign , we pay , we ’re handed the keys .
We ’re in the car and ready to go , I ca n’t believe we get 24 hours for 40 - something US dollars .
I pass on the insurance to save a few bucks , I mean it ’s not like I ’m going to be drinking all day .
That ’s not why I flew to Belgium .
We take a slow turn out of the garage and hit the cobble - stone streets of central Brussels .
We have a map , we know where to go to get out of town , let ’s hope this works .
Shooting down the narrow , cobbled roads , it starts to feel like an experience .
Yeah , I ’m still just sitting in a car and driving on some roads , but it ’s a remarkably different experience compared to just hoofing it or using public transit .
Without any problem we meet up with the R0 expressway on the west side of Brussels .
Just up the road is E40 , and only a few miles further we ’re reaching the outer edge of the lambic world , one of the true gems of beer culture : Pajottenland .
Asse , Belgium .
We ’re only 15 miles outside of Brussels proper , but it feels like an entirely different world .
Rolling hills , farms , creeks , open land , slow life .
I ’d been interested in exploring a lambic café along the main road into Asse for some time , thanks to the magnificent information presented in Tim Webb ’s book Lambicland .
Up on the left is the small white - washed building with a bold sign reading “ Koekoek . ”
We pull into the gravel parking lot , we ’re the only car here .
Are they open ?
Are we too early ?
There ’s a guy half - way up a ladder painting the side of the house .
“ You open ? ” I quickly say .
He motions around the side of the building and says something that I do n’t understand .
Yeah , they ’re open .
Opening the door we step back in time .
At the far end of the dust - filled room is a small bar sitting adjacent to a number of benches and tables , each one adorned with a small red and white plaid tablecloth .
Right away a man appears from a back room and cordially welcomes us and introduces himself .
I try my best to put together some friendly words but he does n’t understand me at all .
It ’s my fault so I just shut up and smile .
From what he said I gathered than he owns the house , his family lives here , this is his life .
Here is a man who in the front of his house has a lambic café , and in back he has a field full of chickens and lamb , they ’re out there making noise and other general fuss .
The reason we ’re here is Girardin lambic .
This is one of the spots where the true jonge lambic can be found - the turbid , frothy , alive , active base lambic created by Brouwerij Girardin .
What is placed before me in a glass is the most alive , dense , flavorful lambic I ’ve tasted in my life .
Absent was the overt acidity of blended gueuze , while present was an exceptionally frothy denseness from the yeast , with the slightest hint of sweetness to compliment .
I ’ve never been the most objective reviewer of beer .
I ’m very open to enjoying every aspect that contributes to a moment , and I fully allow these things to influence my perception of what I ’m drinking at the time .
This truly is life .
Halfway through the glass I ’ve completed my rating .
Perfect 5.0 . Unbelievable .
Lunch at De Heeren van Liedekerke in Denderleeuw .
It ’s early , so we ’re really the only people there .
Scanning the beerbook , salivating .
Lunch is gray shrimp salad for one of us and beef carbonade for the other .
To drink ?
A bottle of 2000 Lindemans Loerik and one of the 1993 De Troch Gueuze , that ’ll be fine .
Yum .
We ’ve been on the road for less than an hour , first traveling west towards Gent , then south on E17 towards Kortrijk and on to Poperinge where we ’ll be staying the night .
Through a small bed and breakfast website we found a gentlemen who rents out rooms on the top floor of his house , not more than a couple of blocks from the center of Poperinge .
After making some small talk and dropping off our things , we set out to find some quick food and then head out of town . :
Six miles straight north from Poperinge you hit Westvleteren , the Sint - Sixtus Abbey , and In de Vrede , their small restaurant , pub and shop .
We spent a comfortable hour sitting on the back patio of In de Vrede sipping fresh Westvleteren 8 and 12 .
This young and this fresh it ’s distinctly hot and green , it needs some time in the bottle to develop .
Why am I complaining ?
I ’m sitting outside on a glorious day in West Flanders drinking one of the best beers in the world .
No complaints at all .
A light breeze , the soft rumble of conversion behind us and the distant calls of sheep down the road , this is pure relaxation ..
We need to be on the road .
We ’ve made plans with Urbain Coutteau of Struise Brewing .
We we ’re supposed to have figured out where Struise Farm was located and show up at an appropriate time , but the location of the farm was the one piece of information that we simply forgot before we started our trip .
Worry starts to set in , both for missing out on meeting him and seeing the farm , and also of standing him up , of not showing up , of leaving him a bad impression of us .
Deca Services is in Woesten , not far from Westvleteren .
We show up unannounced and ask around until we find Urbain , and hesitantly make our introduction .
“ Come back to the farm for a drink ” he says .
Absolutely .
A few miles from Woesten are the two small villages of Lo and Nieuwkapelle .
Through a network of dirt roads we follow Urbain out to Struise Farm , not far off from the main road but completely isolated and peaceful .
There is not a sound of an engine within earshot , the fields are empty , it ’s miles to the nearest neighbor .
Urbain remarks at just how remote the farm becomes at night , and how calm and quiet life becomes for him out here .
There ’s little complexity in the words being exchanged between us but the meaning is well - understood .
This is the good life .
Here is an artisan brewer , an artist , living life on his own terms , in his own way .
I both understand and envy the way he describes his passion for brewing .
I feel welcome in his home .
The conversation flows as the beer does , that is the absolute best part of this hobby … or perhaps way - of - life is a better term .
It ’s not so much about the beer as it is about the people you meet , the friendships you make , and the experiences you take part in .
I look back on this single day in Belgium and I almost do n’t believe that so many experiences can be packed into such a short amount of time .
Nothing brings back a passion for travel as those experiences in life where the focus is truly on the moment , and without even being aware at the time , pure enjoyment in life is nothing more than a funny conversation and a drink shared .
Read the whole thing :
He took the elevator , descending two floors underground to a small , claustrophobic room –the vault antechamber .
A 3 - ton steel vault door dominated the far wall .
It alone had six layers of security .
There was a combination wheel with numbers from 0 to 99 .
To enter , four numbers had to be dialed , and the digits could be seen only through a small lens on the top of the wheel .
There were 100 million possible combinations .
Power tools would n’t do the trick .
The door was rated to withstand 12 hours of nonstop drilling .
Of course , the first vibrations of a drill bit would set off the embedded seismic alarm anyway .
The door was monitored by a pair of abutting metal plates , one on the door itself and one on the wall just to the right .
When armed , the plates formed a magnetic field .
If the door were opened , the field would break , triggering an alarm .
To disarm the field , a code had to be typed into a nearby keypad .
Finally , the lock required an almost - impossible - to - duplicate foot - long key .
During business hours , the door was actually left open , leaving only a steel grate to prevent access .
But Notarbartolo had no intention of muscling his way in when people were around and then shooting his way out .
Any break - in would have to be done at night , after the guards had locked down the vault , emptied the building , and shuttered the entrances with steel roll - gates .
During those quiet midnight hours , nobody patrolled the interior –the guards trusted their technological defenses .
Notarbartolo pressed a buzzer on the steel grate .
A guard upstairs glanced at the videofeed , recognized Notarbartolo , and remotely unlocked the steel grate .
Notarbartolo stepped inside the vault .
It was silent–he was surrounded by thick concrete walls .
The place was outfitted with motion , heat , and light detectors .
A security camera transmitted his movements to the guard station , and the feed was recorded on videotape .
The safe - deposit boxes themselves were made of steel and copper and required a key and combination to open .
Each box had 17,576 possible combinations .
Notarbartolo went through the motions of opening and closing his box and then walked out .
The vault was one of the hardest targets he ’d ever seen .
ADVERTISEMENT
Losing Money ?
Stop the Bleeding !
Learn How ...
It 's official : Red Cross report says Bush Administration tortured prisoners John Byrne
Published : Monday March 16 , 2009
Print This Email
This Graphic report describes inhumane tactics US interrogators attached detainees to collars like dogs and used their leashes to slam them against walls , forced them to stand for days wearing only diapers , and tied detainees necks with towels and threw them against plywood walls , according to accounts in a secret 2007 report issued by the Red Cross to be printed in a New York magazine and leaked on Monday .
The report -- issued by the International Committee of the Red Cross and kept secret for the last two years -- is the first first - hand document to legally say the Bush Administration 's harsh interrogation techniques " constituted torture . "
They strongly imply that CIA interrogators violated international law .
The Red Cross was the only organization to get access to high - value detainees that were transferred to Guantanamo Bay from secret prisons US in 2006 .
It contains accounts from the prisoners , who were held in different locations but offered remarkably uniform tales of abuse at the hands of US agents .
Techniques amounted to " cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment , " the report states .
Such treatment is explicitly barred by the Geneva Conventions .
The Red Cross report is perhaps the most harrowing to date in describing what appear to be routine US practices authorized by the Bush Administration .
They include beatings , sleep deprivation , extreme temperatures , collaring and simulated drowning .
But the report goes further : Prisoners were routinely beaten , stripped , doused with freezing water and loud music , and kept awake for days with their arms shackled above them , wearing only diapers .
" On a daily basis . . . a collar was looped around my neck and then used to slam me against the walls of the interrogation room , " the report quotes detainee Walid Muhammad bin Attash , as saying , according to a story today .
He was wrapped in a plastic sheet , he said , as cold water was " poured onto my body with buckets . "
" I would be wrapped inside the sheet with cold water for several minutes , " he said .
" Then I would be taken for interrogation . "
One captive said his neck was tied with a towel and then he was repeatedly swung into a plywood wall mounted in his cell .
He was often slapped in the face and then placed in a coffin - like wooden box and forced to crouch with his air supply restricted .
" The stress on my legs held in this position meant my wounds both in my leg and stomach became very painful , " he told the Red Cross .
Afterward -- as if this was n't enough -- he was waterboarded by being strapped to what looked like a hospital bed .
" A black cloth was then placed over my face and the interrogators used a mineral bottle to pour water on the cloth so that I could not breathe , " he said .
" I struggled against the straps , trying to breathe , but it was hopeless , " he added .
" I though I was going to die . "
The Washington Post said Monday that at least five copies of the report had been shared with the CIA and top White House officials in 2007 , but barred from public release by ICRC guidelines intended to preserve the group 's policy of neutrality in conflicts .
The Post said that at least five copies of the report had been shared with the CIA and top White House officials in 2007 , but barred from public release by ICRC guidelines intended to preserve the group 's policy of neutrality in conflicts .
The paper quotes an unnamed US official familiar with the report as saying that " it is important to bear in mind that the report lays out claims made by the terrorists themselves . "
The report was obtained by Mark Danner , a journalism professor and author who published extensive excerpts in the April 9 edition of the New York Review of Books .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Setting up SSHFS
What is SSHFS ?
SSHFS allows you to conect to any host that supports SSH and mount the remote directory in your own local directory .
This means you will be able to interact with the files as if they were on your own system and best of all the transactions are encrypted using SSH .
This is much faster , easier , and more effecient than using FTP .
Some people are actually still using regular FTP to transfer files .
The problem with FTP is that not only are your files sent in clear text but your username and password are also in plain sight for anyone to see .
If you are doing web development on a Linux machine , I suggest using this method over ftp to upload images and other content to your webhost or other remote machines .
The beauty of it as a server administrator is there are no additional usernames to setup or software to install .
SSH is the only thing needed on the server side .
To get started open up your terminal and type the following command :
sudo apt - get install sshfs
Ubuntu / Debian users can use this link to install sshfs .
Once you have sshfs installed you can mount a share by using this command .
Remember to replace the credentials and paths to your own .
sshfs user@yourdomain.com :/path/to/remote local / path
Some of you will find this command familiar as it is the same syntax used to copy files with scp .
When you are done with your work you can unmount the remote share with :
fusermount -u local_mountpoint
Advantages
SSHFS gives us a number of advantages .
Anything you can do to local files can also be done on remote files thanks to SSHFS .
For example you could :
WAP2003031701 - WASHINGTON , March 17 ( UPI ) -- President Bush speaks to the United States and the world from the White House on national television on March 17 , 2003 , giving Iraqi President Saddam Hussein 48 hours to leave Iraq or face a war with the U.S. and it 's allies .
rlw / Roger L. Wollenberg | License Photo
OPERATION IRAQI FREEDOM -- F - 16 Fighting Falcons wait on the " hot ramp " at a forward - deployed location while maintenance crews ready the weapons for a night mission March 21 .
The F - 16s are from the 20th Fighter Wing at Shaw Air Force Base , S.C. , and they are flying Operation Iraqi Freedom missions for the 363rd Expeditionary Fighter Squadron .
( U.S. Air Force photo by Staff Sgt. Matthew Hannen ) | License Photo
NAV2003032502 - USS HARRY S. TRUMAN , The Mediterranean Sea , March 23 ( UPI ) --
An F / A - 18 Hornet assigned to the " Raging Bulls " of Fighter Attack Squadron Thirty Seven ( VFA - 37 ) launches from one of four steam powered catapults on the flight deck aboard USS Harry S. Truman ( CVN 75 ) during early morning flight operations on March 23 , 2003 .
Truman and her embarked aircraft are deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom , the multi-national coalition effort to liberate the Iraqi people , eliminate Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction , and end the regime of Saddam Hussein .
rlw / U.S. Navy photo / Christopher B. Stoltz UPI | License Photo
LON2003021503 - LONDON , Feb. 15 ( UPI ) --
An estimated 1.5 million people march down Piccadilly , on their way to congregate in Hyde Park in London on Feb. 15 , 2003 , to participate in an anti-war protest march , where an estimated 1.5 million people were said to have participated , the largest of it's kind in British history .
The United States continues to push the option of war against Iraq , against growing global public support against any military action .
rlw / STEVEN E. FRISCHLING / UPI | License Photo
REX20030040208 - IRAQ , March ( UPI ) -- Royal Marines from 42 Cdo , continue to secure the area around Umm Qasr , Iraq , on March 29 , 2003 .
The marines are supported by helIcopters from 845 and 847 Naval Air Squadrons , which are embarked on HMS OCEAN .
rlw / ANGIE PEARCE /REX FEATURES UPI . | License Photo
REX2003032426 - IRAQ , MARCH 2003 ( UPI ) -- Ashore on the Al Faw Peninsula in Iraq in March , 2003 .
rlw / REX FEATURES UPI | License Photo
REX2003032451 - IRAQ , MARCH 2003 ( UPI ) -- 40 Commando Royal Marines on the Al Faw Peninsula in Iraq evacuating a critically injured Iraqi soldier on March 21 , 2003 .
rlw / REX FEATURES UPI | License Photo
2ND SECOND II TWO GULF COALITION *** Local Caption ***
A group of Iraqi males are detained at the gateway to the city of Basra by soldiers serving with 3 platoon Number 1 Company The First Battalion The Irish Guards .
The soldiers manning the checkpoint on the bridge into / out of Basra are there to show a presence and to prevent Iraqi soldiers and militia leaving the city to possibly fight coalition forces .
These men were suspected of being soldiers attempting to gain entry into the city .
They were released as no proof could be found .
- 28 MAR | License Photo
NIQ2003032804 - SULEYMANIA , Iraq , March 28 ( UPI ) -- Nazar Ahmad Mohamad , a 22 - year - old soldier of Ansar - Al - Islam , a northern Iraqi force suspected to be aligned with Al - Qaida , waits to talk with members of the media in Peshmerga prison in Suleymania , Iraq , on March 28 , 2003 .
rlw /ak/ Ali Khaligh UPI .. | License Photo
NAV2003041609 -CENTRAL COMMAND AREA OF RESPONSIBILITY , Kuwait , March 28 ( UPI ) -- A pilot of a CH - 53 Super Stallion helicopter bends down to gather himself after surviving a crash at Expeditionary Airfield Station while in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Operation Iraqi Freedom is the multi-national coalition effort to liberate the Iraqi people , eliminate Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction , and end the regime of Saddam Hussein .
jg / pcj/Lance Cpl. J.T. Spencer UPI | License Photo
A soldier from the Army helps to guard the Rumelia Oil Field in southern Iraq as firefighters prepare massive water lagoons in the desert to extinguish the last two fires at sabotaged oil wells by the fleeing Iraqi Army on April 2 , 2003 .
Teams from Boots & Coots International Well Control and the Kuwait Oil Co. failed to put out the blazes earlier this week , using water from smaller storage tanks .
( UPI Photo / Chris Corder ) | License Photo
NYP2003021501 - NEW YORK , Feb. 15 ( UPI ) Thousands of demonstrators line New York City 's First Avenue on Feb. 15 , 2003 to join in a world wide protest against the United States ' pending war with Iraq .
rlw/ep/Ezio Petersen UPI | License Photo
A couple believe in making love not war as they take part in a anti war protest rally on March 22 , 2003 in New York City against President Bush attack on Iraq .
( UPI / Ezio Petersen ) | License Photo
IRQ2003040210 - RUMELIA OIL FIELDS , Iraq , April 2 ( UPI ) - A soldier from the Army helps to guard the Rumelia Oil Field in southern Iraq as firefighters prepare massive water lagoons in the desert to extinguish the last two fires at sabotaged oil wells by the fleeing Iraqi Army on April 2 , 2003 .
Teams from Boots & Coots International Well Control and the Kuwait Oil Co. failed to put out the blazes earlier this week , using water from smaller storage tanks .
rlw/cc/Chris Corder UPI .. | License Photo
NIQ2003040209 - KEFRI , Iraq , April 2 ( UPI ) --
An Iraqi Kurd Peshmerga fighter smokes a cigarette outside his shelter near the city .of Kefri , in northern Iraq , on April 2 , 2003 .
rlw / Ali Khaligh UPI .. | License Photo
REX2003040321 - IRAQ , April 3 ( UPI ) --
A soldier serving with Number 1 Company 1st Battalion The Irish Guards , with his mug of tea , resting after a sucessful raid on a large complex on the outskirts if Basra , Iraq , on April 3 , 2003 .
In a dawn raid on a University / factory complex within sight of their patrol base at Bridge Four on the outskirts of Basra the Irish Guards attacked and cleared the base after comming under fire from small arms mortars and SAM Missile systems which were fired from Iraqi positions at a British Lynx Helicopter supporting the Irish Guards .
rlw / Giles Penfound / REX FEATURES UPI .** EUROPE OUT ** | License Photo
IRQ2003040214 - RUMELIA OIL FIELDS , Iraq , April 2 ( UPI ) - A soldier from the Army watches two Chinook helicopters fly over the Rumelia Oil Field in southern Iraq as firefighters prepare massive water lagoons in the desert to extinguish the last two fires at sabotaged oil wells by the fleeing Iraqi Army on April 2 , 2003 .
Teams from Boots & Coots International Well Control and the Kuwait Oil Co. failed to put out the blazes earlier this week , using water from smaller storage tanks .
rlw/cc/Chris Corder UPI .. | License Photo
LON2003021506 - LONDON , Feb. 15 ( UPI ) --
An estimated 1.5 million people congregate in Hyde Park in London on Feb. 15 , 2003 , to participate in an anti-war protest march , where an estimated 1.5 million people were said to have participated , the largest of it's kind in British history .
The United States continues to push the option of war against Iraq , against growing global public support against any military action .
rlw / STEVEN E. FRISCHLING / UPI | License Photo
REX20030040212 - IRAQ , April 1 ( UPI ) -- Private Matereti Vere 25 , orriginally from Fiji , now serving with the 1st Battalion The Black Watch , shares a laugh on April 1 , 2003 with some of the children of Azubayr , a town captured by the British soldiers in Iraq .
It was decided to patrol through the streets without body armour or helmets to show a softer and less agressive side in order to win over hearts and minds , during Operation Telic .
rlw / Giles Penfound / Rex Features UPI ..
*** Europe Out *** | License Photo
SXP2003021617 - SAN FRANCISCO , California , February 16 ( UPI ) --
Demonstrators form a sea of signs as they march up Market Street to Civic Center in San Francisco , on February 16 , 2003 .
Over 200,000 people marched in protest to war with Iraq .
rlw/ts/Terry Schmitt UPI | License Photo
REX2003040322 - IRAQ , April 3 ( UPI ) --
A soldier serving with Number 1 Company 1st Battalion The Irish Guards looks for possible Iraqi Eneny positions as Royal Engineer technicians prepare to cap one of the burning oil wells within the city of Basra , Iraq , on April 3 , 2003 .
In a dawn raid on a University / factory complex within sight of their patrol base at Bridge Four on the outskirts of Basra the Irish Guards attacked and cleared the base after coming under fire from small arms mortars and SAM Missile systems which were fired from Iraqi positions at a British Lynx Helicopter supporting the Irish Guards .
rlw / Giles Penfound / REX FEATURES UPI .** EUROPE OUT ** | License Photo
AFIE2003040904 - IRAQ , April 6 ( UPI ) -- Senior Airman Greg Pelletier and Senior Airman Phil Soares , both security forces journeyman deployed from the 157th Security Forces Squadron , Pease Air Reserve Guard , NH , to the 363rd Expeditionary Security Forces Squadron , authorize a vehicle to proceed through an entry control point during a sand storm on April 7 , 2003 .
The 363rd ESFS members work around the clock performing force protection measures , air base defense , and protecting personnel in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom at a forward deployed location in Southwest Asia .
rlw / AFIE / Matthew Hannen UPI | License Photo
NAV2003041002 - NAJAF , Iraq , April 8 ( UPI ) -- Jubilant Iraqis cheer U.S. Army Soldiers at a humanitarian aid compound in the city of Najaf , on April 8 , 2003 .
The U.S. military is working with international relief organizations to help provide food and medicine for the Iraqi people in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom .
rlw /U.S. Navy / Arlo K. Abrahamson UPI . | License Photo
NIP2003040802 - CHAMCHAAL , IRAQ , April 8 ( UPI ) -- Dara Ali , who works for M.A.G ( Mine Advisory Group ) an International UK Based organization , marks and disengages mines near the city of Chamchaal left by Iraqi army soldiers before going back to Kirkuk in Northern Iraq ..mk / Ali Khaligh UPI . | License Photo
REX2003040802 - Basra , Iraq , April 8 ( UPI ) --
A burnt out Iraqi T55 tank on the southern road to Basra , Iraq on April 8 , 2003 .
Members of the 40 Commando Royal Marines look on .
nn / Rex Features UPI ** Europe Out ** | License Photo
NAV2003040904 -AL NAJAF , Iraq , April 8 ( UPI ) -- U.S.
Army military police provide crowd control while Iraqi citizens line up for food and water being distributed to citizens in need near Al Najaf in Iraq on April 8 , 2003 .
The U.S. military is working with international relief organizations to help provide food and medicine for the Iraqi people in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Operation Iraqi Freedom is the multinational coalition effort to liberate the Iraqi people , eliminate Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction and end the regime of Saddam Hussein .
U.S. Navy photo by Photographer 's Mate 1st Class Arlo K. Abrahamson . ( RELEASED ) .
| License Photo
NAV2003040904 - Central Command Area of Responsibility , April 2 ( UPI ) -- U.S. Navy Hospital Corpsman 1st Class Sylvia Wasden from Gulfport Miss. , is stationed with Naval Mobile Construction Battalion Seventy Four ( NMCB - 74 ) .
" I 've been out here since October , " said Wasden .
" I 'm very proud of what we have been doing here . "
NMCB - 74 is conducting mission oriented tasks in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom .
rlw /U.S. Navy / Aaron Ansarov UPI | License Photo
WAX2003040902 - BAGHDAD , Iraq , April 9 ( UPI ) --
A statue of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein is torn down in Firdos Square in downtown Baghdad , Iraq , on April 9 , 2003 , as seen in this CNN frame grab .
rlw/CNN | License Photo
NAV2003040901 -AL NAJAF , Iraq , April 8 ( UPI ) -- U.S. Marine Corps Major Chris
Hughes shares some time with an Iraqi girl during an effort to distribute food and water to Iraqi citizens in need near Al Najaf in Iraq on April 8 , 2003 .
The U.S. military is working with international relief organizations to help provide food and medicine for the Iraqi people in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Operation Iraqi Freedom is the multinational coalition effort to liberate the Iraqi people , eliminate Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction and end the regime of Saddam Hussein .
jg / Arlo K. Abrahamson / U.S. Navy UPI . | License Photo
REX20030041105 - Iraq , April ( UPI ) --
One of the local leaders of the Iraqi Freedom Force steps from the rubble of what a few days before was the town headquarters for the Ba'ath Party forces in Al Hamzah , Iraq .
The building was destroyed by US .
warplanes in an effort to free the area from Saddam Hussein 's control .
rlw / Shawn C. Rhodes / REX FEATURES UPI .** Europe Out ** | License Photo
WAX2003041104 - WASHINGTON , April 11 ( UPI ) -- Army Private First Class Jessica Lynch , who was rescued last week in Iraq , is expected to return to the U.S. over the weekend .
Lynch , seen in this undated family photo , was captured when her convoy was attacked and later rescued with the help of an Iraqi citizen .
rlw / Family Photo UPI | License Photo
NAV2003041409 - USS Harry S. Truman , Mediterranean Sea , April 11 ( UPI ) --
Two F / A - 18 Hornets assigned to the " Gunslingers " of Strike Fighter Squadron One Zero Five ( VFA - 105 ) fly close air support ( CAS ) missions for coalition special operations forces on April 11 , 2003 .
nn/ U.S. Navy / Tom Lalor UPI | License Photo
REX2003041403 - IRAQ , April 2003 ( UPI ) -- A dead Iraqi soldier lies on the side of a road as members of Naval Mobile Construction Battalion Seventy Four pass by in Iraq on April 3 , 2003 .
rlw / REX FEATURES UPI .** Europe Out ** | License Photo
AFIE2003041802 - ARLINGTON , Va. , april 17 ( UPI ) -- The U.S. Air Force Honor Guard marches behind the caisson of the first Air Force casualty during Operation Iraqi Freedom , Major Gregory L. Stone from the 124th Wing , Idaho Air National Guard , during his full honor funeral at Arlington National Cemetery , Va. , on April 17 , 2003 .
rlw / AFIE /Jera T. Stubblfield UPI | License Photo
AFIE2003042802 - IRAQ , April ( UPI ) -- Airman 1st Class Brandon Midthun , Aerial Gunner on an MH - 53M Pavelowe IV helicopter from the 21st Special Operations Squadron , RAF Mildenhall , United Kingdom takes aim with his his .50 caliber tailgun during a combat mission in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom .
rlw / Air Force photo / Jerry Morrison UPI | License Photo
AFP2003050502 -TALLIL , Iraq , May 1 ( UPI ) -- Members of the 820th Security Forces Group wait to leave an HC - 130 for a static line jump over Tallil Air Base , Iraq May 1 , 2003 during Operation Iraqi Freedom .
jg / Staff Sgt. Shane A. Cuomo U.S. Air Force via UPI | License Photo
AFP2003050501 -TALLIL , Iraq , May 1 ( UPI ) -- Pararescuemen from the 301st Rescue Squadron perform a high - altitude , low - opening jump over Tallil Air Base , Iraq May 1 , 2003 , during Operation Iraqi Freedom .
jg / Staff Sgt. Shane A. Cuomo U.S. Air Force via UPI | License Photo
WAX2003090301 - BAGHDAD , SEPT . 3 ( UPI ) -- U. S. Army military police open a mosqueâ€™s doors as they are assisted by Iraqi police during a raid looking for weapons and persons wanted for questioning near Baghdad on August 29 , 2003 .
The United States has gone back to the United Nations to ask for help in Iraq .
Secretary of State Colin Powell said on Wednesday , " Today we have begun a new effort with respect to our diplomatic efforts to generate international support for Iraq . "
pb/ltc/U.S.
Air Force photo / Master Sgt. Robert R. Hargreaves Jr. UPI | License Photo
WAX2003091180 - BAGHDAD , IRAQ , SEPT .
11 , 2003 - ( UPI ) - Two U. S. Air Force F - 15E Strike Eagles from the 494th Expeditionary Fighter Squadron soar through the skies of Iraq during a combat air support mission on August 26th .
Photo released September 11 , 2003 .
kt / Staff Sgt. Lee A Osberry Jr./U.S. Air Force UPI | License Photo
BAG2003091303 - AL FALLAJA , Sept. 12 ( UPI ) -- Iraqis stand in front of a badly damaged Jordanian Hospital building outside the town of Al Fallaja , Iraq , on September 13 , 2003 .
Eight Iraqi police offers were accidentally killed by the building the previous day while pursuing bandits on the adjacent road ..
Michael Kleinfeld UPI | License Photo
IRQ2003092503 - BAGHDAD , IRAQ , SEPTEMBER 25 ( UPI ) -- U.S. soldiers sift through the remains of damaged concrete and scraps of metal outside the Aike Hotel after a bomb was detonated on the premises on September 25 , 2003 in Baghdad , Iraq .
One Iraqi security guard was killed and one NBC employee was injured in the attack .
Michael Kleinfeld UPI | License Photo
IRQ2003100109 - BAGHDAD , IRAQ , OCTOBER 1 ( UPI ) --
A seemingly shy Iraqi boy stands aloof from other boys in the school yard of their elementary school , on the morning of the first day of school in Baghdad , Iraq on October 1 , 2003 .
The school system has been purged of former Baath Party members and for the first time the curriculums will not be dominated by Saddam Hussein .
mk / Michael Kleinfeld UPI | License Photo
Iraqi Shiite demonstrators block a major road way in front of the Al - Bayaa Mosque and chant anti-U.S. slogans on October 7 , 2003 in Baghdad , Iraq .
The demonstration erupted because American troops arrested the Imam and set up a perimeter at the Al - Bayaa Mosque , which has been the site of disturbances and violence in the last few days ..( UPI / Michael Kleinfeld ) | License Photo
Iraqi children peer through the front door of their home at Shiite demonstrators and U.S. members of the 86th Airborne who were there to control the demonstration on October 7 , 2003 in Baghdad , Iraq .
The demonstration erupted because American troops arrested the Imam and set up a perimeter at the Al - Bayaa Mosque , which has been the site of disturbances and violence in the last few days ..( UPI / Michael Kleinfeld ) | License Photo
Iraqi Police respond to Baghdad Hotel blast that killed at least six and wounded dozens of people on Sunday , October 12 , 2003 in Baghdad .
U.S. civilian administrator Paul Bremer vowed to hunt down those responsible for the suicide car bomb attack .
( UPI / Mitch Prothero ) ......s. | License Photo
Family members of Iraqi Police Sgt. Sheehab Sabah Sheehab mourn his death in Baghdad , Iraq , on October 28 , 2003 .
Sheehab was killed when car bombers struck the Al Dura police station the day before , in addition to mulitple sites , including the International Red Cross and four police stations across Baghdad on Monday , killing about 40 people in a spree of destruction that terrorized the Iraqi capital on the first day of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , according to police and Red Cross reports .
( UPI / P. Mitchell Prothero ) | License Photo
Family members of Iraqi Police Sgt. Sheehab Sabah Sheehab mourn his death in Baghdad , Iraq , on October 28 , 2003 .
Sheehab was killed when car bombers struck the Al Dura police station the day before , in addition to mulitple sites , including the International Red Cross and four police stations across Baghdad on Monday , killing about 40 people in a spree of destruction that terrorized the Iraqi capital on the first day of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , according to police and Red Cross reports .
( UPI / P. Mitchell Prothero ) | License Photo
U.S. troops clash with anti-occupation forces on October 31 , 2003 in Abu Graib , outside Baghdad .
One Iraqi policeman was killed along with several resistance members .
No U.S. troops were killed in the day - long gunbattle .
( UPI / P. Mitchell Prothero ) | License Photo
A UH - 60 helicopter passes over the city of Baghdad , Iraq on Nov. 6 , 2003 .
( UPI Photo / Stacy L. Pearsall / Air Force ) | License Photo
Tech .
Sgt. James Ahlstrom of the 109th Air Control Squadron , Utah Air National Guard , Salt Lake City , Utah gives his daughter Emily one last hug before deploying on Nov. 12 , 2003 .
Ahlstrom 's unit is being sent to the Middle East in support of the Iraqi conflict .
This is the third time in three years that this Air National Guard unit has been activated to augment active duty forces already deployed .
( UPI Photo / Burke Baker / Air Force ) | License Photo
Master Sgt. Julian Chavez of the 109th Air Control Squadron , Utah Air National Guard , Salt Lake City , Utah gives his wife Cathie one last kiss before deploying on Nov. 12 , 2003 .
Master Sgt. Chavez 's unit is being sent to the Middle East in support of the Iraqi conflict .
This is the third time in three years that this Air National Guard unit has been activated to augment active duty forces already deployed .
( UPI Photo / Burke Baker / Air Force ) | License Photo
U.S. Army Captain David Spencer and Technical Sgt. Ryan Knight , Tactical Air Control Party , 4th Air Support Group , eye a strategic target on the horizon in Kirkuk , Iraq , as part of Operation Ivy Cyclone , a combined - arms operation designed to root out and crush insurgents in Iraq recently .
Picture release November 24 , 2003 .
( UPI Photo / Jeffrey A. Wolfe / Air Force ) | License Photo
President George W. Bush pays a surprise visit to Baghdad International Airport on Nov. 27 , 2003 .
Bush talked with the troops and also served a traditional Thanksgiving dinner .
Photo released December 1 . ( UPI Photo / Reynaldo Ramon / Air Force ) | License Photo
A burned - out bus has a " No USA " slogan painted on it in Samarra , Iraq on December 1 , 2003 .
A sustained firefight on November 30th between U.S. troops and anti-coalition forces , who were joined by Iraqi civilians , killed at least 10 and wounded scores of Iraqis , though no evidence supporting the U.S. claim that 54 fighters had been killed could be found .
( UPI Photo / Mitch Prothero ) | License Photo
U.S. soldiers from the 173rd Airborne Brigade , raid the home of a suspected Ba'ath Party member during Operation Bayonet Lightning on Dec. 2 , 2003 in Al Hawija , Iraq .
The operation captured 26 individuals including three targeted individuals .
( UPI Photo / Staff Sgt Suzanne M. Jenkins / Air Force ) | License Photo
An Iraqi Civil Defense Corps member augments U.S. Army soldiers during Operation Bayonet Lighting on Dec. 2 , 2003 in Kirkuk , Iraq .
Operation Bayonet Lighting is a 173rd Brigade level joint cordon operation to locate and question persons of interest and a show of force in the Iraqi city of Al Hawija .
The operation captured 26 individuals including three targeted individuals .
( UPI Photo / Suzanne M. Jenkins / Air Force ) | License Photo
A member of the 173rd Airborne Brigade guards a suspected Ba'ath party member on the streets of Al Hawijah as part of Operation Bayonet Lightning on December 2 , 2003 .
The operation is to locate and question persons of interest and a show of force in the Iraqi city of Al Hawijah .
( UPI Photo / Jeffrey A. Wolfe / Air Force ) | License Photo
Iraqi contractors use a large crane to remove the last Saddam Hussein statue head from the Presidential Palace , which is now used as the Coalition Provisional Authority ( CPA ) Headquarters in Baghdad , Iraq , on Dec. 7 , 2003 .
( UPI Photo / Shane Heiser / Air Force ) | License Photo
President George W. Bush addresses the nation from the White House to let the American people know that Saddam Hussein has been captured by the U.S. military , on December 14 , 2003 in Washington .
The ex-Iraqi leader was hiding out near the town of Tikrit when he was captured .
( UPI Photo / Michael Kleinfeld ) | License Photo
Saddam Hussein shown during a briefing at the Iraqi Forum in Baghdad , Dec. 14 , 2003 .
Troops from the 4th Infantry Division 's 1st Brigade Combat Team captured former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein without incident .
Saddam was found hiding in a storehouse at a remote farmhouse near Tikrit , Iraq .
( UPI Photo / Defense Department ) | License Photo
A U.S. Air Force F - 15E Strike Eagle from Mountain Home Air Force Base , Idaho , piloted by Lieutenant Colonel Stephen Rusin and Weapons Systems Officer Major Timothy Lewis , receives fuel from a KC - 135 from Fairchild Air Force Base , Washington , above Iraq on December 18 , 2003 in support of the Iraqi conflict .
The F - 15E Strike Eagle is a dual - role fighter designed to perform air - to - air and air - to - ground missions .
An array of avionics and electronics systems gives the F - 15E the capability to fight at low altitude , day or night , and in inclement weather and perform its primary function as an air - to - ground attack aircraft .
( UPI Photo / Suzanne Jenkins / Air Force ) | License Photo
A U.S. Air Force F - 15E Strike Eagles from Mountain Home Air Force Base , Idaho , soars over Iraq on December 18 , 2003 in support of the Iraqi conflict .
The F - 15E Strike Eagle is a dual - role fighter designed to perform air - to - air and air - to - ground missions .
An array of avionics and electronics systems gives the F - 15E the capability to fight at low altitude , day or night , and in inclement weather and perform its primary function as an air - to - ground attack aircraft .
( UPI Photo / Suzanne Jenkins / Air Force ) | License Photo
An American KC - 135 Stratotanker leads a formation of a U.S. Air Force F - 15 Strike Eagle , two F - 16 Fighting Falcons and two British GR4 Tornados on Dec. 29 , 2003 over Iraq .
The airframes and crews are deployed in support of Operations in Southwest Asia .
( UPI Photo / Suzanne M. Jenkins / Air Force ) | License Photo
Henri Bergius is an occasional adventurer living in Berlin and working on decoupled software systems , visual programming tools , and free software .
You can reach me by email .
Besides writing on this blog , I 'm also available on Twitter and LinkedIn .
Most of my recent code can be found from GitHub . »
Torinese engineer Salvatore Majorca created the revolutionary Moto Major straight after WWII .
Apparently it was an engineering rather than styling exercise , but 60 years on , its shape is still breathtaking .
The wheels , in particular , would not look out of place on many modern motorcycles .
Lyrics for " Who Let The Dogs Out " - By Baha Men
" Who let the dogs out
Woof , woof , woof , woof , woof
Who let the dogs out
Woof , woof , woof , woof , woof
Who let the dogs out
Woof , woof , woof , woof , woof
Who let the dogs out
The party was nice the party was pumping
Ah yepee ah yo
And everybody having a ball
Yepee ah yo
And tell the fellas stop the name callin '
Yepee ah yo
Then them girls respond to the call
I hear a woman shout outâ ? ¦
Who let the dogs out
Woof , woof , woof , woof , woof
Who let the dogs out
Woof , woof , woof , woof , woof
Who let the dogs out
Woof , woof , woof , woof , woof
Who let the dogs out
Last year in the dance you had a ball
You call me millibug and skettell
Get back gruffy , mash scruffy
Get back you flea infested mongrel ... "
---
Sorry , could n't resist !
Nicely done !
The astronomy lecturer , who is also news editor of Sky and Space magazine , said : " We have software that can recreate exactly the night sky as it was at any point in the last several thousand years .
The government of Haiti is being urged to take action to stop the wave of sexual violence that is blighting the lives of young women in one of the world 's poorest nations .
An online petition has been launched by Amnesty International to protest at Haiti's high incidence of rape , often of young girls by gangs of armed men , that was first highlighted in 2006 when UN workers discovered that up to half of the women living in the capital Port - au - Prince 's vast slums had been the victims of rape .
Since then the government , which only made rape a crime in 2005 , has taken little or no action to hunt down the offenders , among whom are said to be police officers .
Filmmaker Xanthe Hinchey met several victims forced into hiding after their attacks because of the risk of being killed .
Nahomey , now 21 , told how she was raped in the street : " It was a policeman and a civilian .
Now they say they will kill me because they are in prison . "
Another girl , 17 - year - old Jina , is now pregnant after being raped by three men .
Former Fed official , Citibank vice president and Hayekian macroeconomics Gerald O’Driscoll , Jr. :
Alan Greenspan responded to his critics on these pages on March 11 .
He singled out an op -ed by John Taylor a month earlier , “ How Government Created the Financial Crisis ” ( Feb. 9 ) , for special criticism .
Mr. Greenspan ’s argument defending his policy is two - fold : ( 1 ) the Fed controls overnight interest rates , but not “ long - term interest rates and the home - mortgage rates driven by them ” ; and ( 2 ) a global excess of savings was “ the presumptive cause of the world - wide decline in long - term rates . ”
Neither argument stands up to scrutiny .
First , Mr. Greenspan writes as if mortgages were of the 30 - year variety , financed by 30 - year money .
Would that it were so !
We would not be in the present mess .
But the post -2002 period was characterized by one - year adjustable - rate mortgages ( ARMs ) , teaser rates that reset in two or three years , etc .
Five - year ARMs became “ long - term ” money .
The Fed only determines the overnight , federal - funds rate , but movements in that rate substantially influence the rates on such mortgages .
Additionally , maturity - mismatches abounded and were the source of much of the current financial stress .
Short - dated commercial paper funded investment banks and other entities dealing in mortgage - backed securities .
Second , Mr. Greenspan offers conjecture , not evidence , for his claim of a global savings excess .
Mr. Taylor has cited evidence from the IMF to the contrary , however .
Global savings and investment as a share of world GDP have been declining since the 1970s .
The data is in Mr. Taylor ’s new book , “ Getting Off Track . ”
The former Fed chairman also cautions against excessive regulation as a policy response to the crisis .
On this point I concur .
He does not directly address , however , the Fed ’s policy response .
From the beginning , the Fed diagnosed the problem as lack of liquidity and employed every means at its disposal to supply liquidity to credit markets .
It has been to little avail and , in the process , the Fed has loaded up its balance sheet with dubious assets .
The credit crunch continues because many banks are capital - impaired , not illiquid .
Treasury ’s policy shifts and inconsistencies under both administrations have sidelined potential private capital .
Treasury became the capital provider of last resort .
It was late to recognize the hole in banks ’ balance sheets and consistently underestimated its size .
The need to provide second - and even third - round capital injections proves that .
In summary , Fed policy did help cause the bubble .
Subsequent policy responses by that institution have suffered from sins of commission and omission .
As Mr. Taylor argued , the government ( including the Fed ) caused , prolonged , and worsened the crisis .
It continues doing so .
New England , where the Puritans and others sought religious freedom , has surpassed the West Coast as the least religious region in America , according to a new major national survey .
The study , released last week , showed that since 1990 , the percentage of Americans claiming no religion has nearly doubled , growing to 15 % last year .
That was the overall conclusion .
But tucked inside the report are figures offering portraits of various regions .
Nonbelievers , skeptics and the unaffiliated are clustered in New England and along the Pacific , even as all 48 states surveyed have become less religious , the American Religious Identification Survey found .
On the West Coast , 20 % of residents identified with no religion last year , compared with 22 % of New Englanders .
Advertisement
Whereas Pacific states have long been called the “ unchurched belt , ” the irreligious population over the last two decades grew more in New England -- where it nearly tripled -- than in any other region .
To account for the rise of “ Nones ” in the six - state region , researchers with the survey point to the area ’s shrinking Catholic population : New England is now 36 % Catholic , down from 50 % in 1990 .
“ There ’s a complete reciprocal , a correlation of Catholics to no religion , ” said the survey ’s principal investigator , sociologist Barry A. Kosmin of Trinity College in Connecticut .
Survey respondents were not asked whether they left the Catholic Church , but Kosmin and religion scholars said Catholics may feel disaffected with religious institutions in general or estranged by clergy sex abuse scandals .
Advertisement
“ The obvious suspect here . . . would be the pedophilia scandals in the Catholic Church , ” said Randall Balmer , a professor of American religious history at Barnard College and Columbia University .
“ In New England , particularly Massachusetts , that hit pretty hard . ”
Indeed , Massachusetts saw its Catholic population drop 15 percentage points and its unaffiliated group jump 14 percentage points between 1990 and 2008 .
But outside New England , 13 states , primarily in the Sun Belt , saw upticks in their Catholic population .
In California , Catholics climbed 8 percentage points and are now the largest religious group in the state at 37 % of the population .
In Texas , Catholics grew 9 percentage points to total 32 % of the state .
However , they are still outnumbered by other Christian denominations , which account for 48 % of the population even after falling 20 percentage points .
Advertisement
That Catholics are gaining parishioners in these states is no surprise , scholars said .
Latin American immigrants , most of whom are Catholic , have kept the percentage of the nation ’s Catholics nearly level : Catholics make up 25 % of the country , compared with 26 % in 1990 , despite adding 11 million adherents .
“ While the Catholic Church is holding its own overall numerically , it really has a significant leakage from what you might call the old European stock Catholics .
It ’s being replenished by immigrants , primarily from Latin America , ” said Peter W. Williams , a professor of comparative religion at Miami University in Ohio .
The country ’s Latino population has more than doubled since 1990 -- from 22.4 million to 45.5 million in 2007 -- and is concentrated in border states .
In 2007 , 48 % lived in California or Texas .
But determining the nation ’s Catholic population is not as simple as counting the Latino population , said Timothy Matovina , director of the Cushwa Center for the Study of American Catholicism at the University of Notre Dame .
Advertisement
Though the number of Latinos in the country is increasing , many Latino Catholics are switching to Protestant denominations or becoming unaffiliated , Matovina said .
And , he said , the percentage of American Latinos who are Catholic falls after the first generation .
“ For Latino Catholics , it ’s a kind of ‘ shrink while you ’re growing ’ phenomenon , ” he said .
The same is true for Christian groups overall , the survey found .
Christian denominations added 22 million members since 1990 to total more than 173 million in 2008 , but as a proportion of the population , Christians fell from 86 % to 76 % .
It ’s difficult to pin why Americans are abandoning their organized religions in any given region , Matovina said .
Advertisement
“ People tend to judge by what happens at 11 o’clock Sunday morning , ” he said .
“ People think much more locally . ”
Geographic and social mobility within the country also blur the borders of America ’s religious landscape , scholars said .
But regional religious distinctions wo n’t fade entirely , Williams said .
“ Regions are like denominations .
. . .
They tend to shift , ” he said .
“ On the other hand , there are certain basic structures in American life , like religious denominations and regional identity , that are very durable and are n’t static and are n’t going away any time soon . ”
The survey can be found at www.americanreligionsurvey .
Advertisement
joanna.lin@latimes.com
AMID the gloom of recent assessments of the progress of its war in Afghanistan , NATO has seen a flicker of light in an unexpected province : Uruzgan .
This 8,000 square - mile ( 20,000 square - kilometre ) tract of the starkly beautiful Afghan central highlands is fast becoming its star performer .
If the optimism is justified , it would be a vindication for the Netherlands , which took control of Uruzgan in 2006 , deploying 2,000 soldiers , and has faced sniping from NATO 's bigger powers ever since .
Uruzgan was the birthplace of the Taliban leader , Mullah Omar , and is dominated by the conservative ethnic Pushtuns from whom the Taliban draw their strength .
Yet the Dutch forces lost only six soldiers killed in 2008 , while the British in neighbouring Helmand lost 51 dead and Canadian forces in Kandahar lost 32 soldiers .
Critics claim the Dutch are good at being a “ best friend ” to local people , but less convincing as a “ worst enemy ” to the Taliban : “ flower - strewers ” .
Dutch commanders put it differently .
Brigadier - General Tom Middendorp , the Dutch commander , denies his soldiers avoid combat .
They have been in more than 1,000 firefights since 2006 .
But Dutch priorities are to engage local people and help them with development .
Dutch army commanders have pursued an “ ink - spot ” approach , in which they focus on controlling the three central districts where 70 % of the 627,000 population is concentrated .
Other areas have been ceded , they say , until they can win popular support by demonstrating progress in the centre .
General Middendorp points to recent success in the Baluchi Valley as proof that a “ population - based ” approach is bearing fruit .
Dutch forces fought a long battle in the valley in late 2007 , built patrol bases at either end of it and then stood back for a year , content to study the complex dynamics of the area from afar .
They were then able in late 2008 to occupy the whole valley without serious opposition .
Grudgingly , local people concede there has been some improvement .
Haji Zal , a tribal elder in Tirin Khot , the provincial capital , points to better security and new roads , and judges things “ 10 % ” better than a year ago .
Other locals say much of the progress is due to the more robust Australian and American special forces who operate alongside the Dutch : “ The only time the Dutch are fighting is when they are in bed and dreaming , ” sniffs one local police commander .
But with fewer fights come fewer local civilian casualties and , suggests Thomas Rutting , an analyst in Kabul , less local hostility to the Dutch .
Afghanistan , however , has a history of turning success stories into horror movies .
Khost province , for example , used to be held up by American commanders as a model , until apparently lasting progress crumbled last summer .
Similarly , Dutch achievements will be tested by the summer spike in insurgent violence .
The Afghan army 's commander in Uruzgan , General Abdul Hamid , says the Taliban use remote districts of Uruzgan as training areas .
So they have a reason to “ live and let live ” for now .
He estimates local insurgent numbers at around 1,700 .
But General Middendorp argues that the Taliban are less of a threat to the tottering structures of the Afghan state than feuding local tribes and predatory warlords .
The Uruzgan insurgency is mixed up with a notably vicious tribal war between the Popolzai tribe and minority Ghilzai tribes .
Jan Mohammad Khan , a Popolzai warlord and former Uruzgan governor , marginalised the Ghilzais .
This seems to have created lasting turmoil which is exploited by the Taliban .
NATO commanders have begun talking not of the “ Taliban ” but of “ anti- government militias ” .
Since the Dutch arrived , the number of Uruzgan children in school has risen from 12,000 to 50,000 ; 100 health centres have been built ; there are 31 doctors , up from just two ; and infant mortality , still a horrifying 25 % , has fallen from 36 % .
General Middendorp is upbeat , but admits the place is still like “ the Old Testament ” .
To secure lasting change , even if security improvements are retained , will take decades .
The illiteracy rate is well over 80 % , corruption is endemic and tapping the limited pool of educated bureaucrats in Kabul for officials to come and run Uruzgan is currently all but impossible .
For the Dutch , success in Uruzgan may help to lay the ghost of Srebrenica , where their peacekeepers stood by in 1995 during a massacre .
But they are in a hurry to go — by 2010 , according to the Dutch government .
And despite progress in building Afghanistan 's fledgling armed forces , it is unclear who will replace them .
It was December 2002 and war with Iraq was looming .
In a meet - and - greet with new White House reporters in the Oval Office , President Bush was asked about his legacy .
He shrugged with unconcern .
By the time history judges his presidency , he will be long gone , he said .
Besides , Mr. Bush added , everyone who writes history is prejudiced .
" Either they voted for me or against me , but they have an opinion , " the president said in off - the - record remarks , now released with permission from his press office .
Over the years , Bush has often expressed indifference to the way history books will treat him .
But that side of the president – the side that eschews introspection – is matched by another dimension : one that relishes bold moves and that views his presidency as a launch point for initiatives he hopes will extend long beyond his time in office .
Whether it's his single - minded determination to defeat Islamic extremism in the wake of 9/11 , the unprecedented federal foray into education reform , or the biggest expansion of Medicare since its creation , Bush has made his mark on history .
He also leaves office with the economy on the brink of its deepest crisis in 80 years , and , fairly or not , that could be his biggest legacy .
Whether Bush goes down as the next Herbert Hoover – a concern mooted by no less than Vice President Cheney – may well be determined by his successor , Barack Obama .
Vying for " biggest legacy " is Bush 's war on terror , which led to two foreign wars ( one , Iraq , launched on the basis of faulty intelligence ) , bold assertions of executive - branch power that have alarmed civil libertarians , and a black eye for America 's image abroad .
Osama bin Laden remains at large .
Two years after a " surge " of US troops into Iraq , the country has become more stable , and the war has receded in American public consciousness .
Were it not for the economy , Bush might even be moving back to Texas on an up note .
Instead , he leaves with historically low job approvals – below 30 percent – rivaled only by President Truman .
In fact , two years ago , as Bush launched the surge , it was to Harry Truman that he invited comparisons .
Truman fought communism in the early days of the cold war , while Bush has taken on Islamic extremism .
History proved Truman right , Bush reportedly told members of Congress .
Bush can certainly hope for a similar rehabilitation in the history books .
But for now , his assertions of indifference notwithstanding , the president and his White House have gone to unprecedented lengths in these final weeks to try to shape his legacy .
Exit interviews with Bush and Mr. Cheney have blanketed the media .
Top Bush advisers , current and past , including Karl Rove and Karen Hughes , have organized a " Bush legacy project , " according to conservative journalist Stephen Hayes .
The White House has posted online a 50 - page defense called " 100 Things Americans May Not Know About the Bush Administration Record . "
Point No. 1 : " Kept America Safe . "
" You 've got something that is unusual – the degree to which they have marketed what their legacy will be , " says Stephen Hess , a veteran of the Eisenhower and Nixon administrations and a scholar at the Brookings Institution in Washington .
" I think there 's a feeling more than in many presidencies that they were n't appreciated . "
The absence of terrorist attacks on US soil since 9/11 is a recurring theme on the farewell tour .
Another is the economy – not all the terrible news , but the six years of economic growth that preceded the crisis .
And do n't forget the across - the - board tax cuts , key to keeping the Republican base happy as the president strayed from conservative orthodoxy in other areas .
Bush also claims credit for trying to reform the immigration system and Social Security , two risky ventures , as he spent political capital on each and came up empty - handed .
On immigration , he favored a plan to tighten border security , create a temporary worker program , and allow illegal immigrants a pathway to citizenship .
A majority of Republicans balked at what they called " amnesty . "
On Social Security , Bush wanted to allow workers to invest part of their payroll tax in private accounts – a plan congressional Democrats uniformly opposed .
By this point in Bush 's presidency , the start of his second term , his popularity was on the wane , drifting below 50 percent as Iraq war opposition grew , and he could not get GOP congressional leaders to carry water for the plan .
After hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans that summer , Bush 's political capital was gone .
The two policy initiatives – which Bush now touts as helping shape debate for the future – illustrate the difficulty of placing an ideological label on Bush 's approach .
At times , as with immigration and education , he can make common cause with Democrats .
At others , he comes right out of the conservative playbook .
In a way , the common thread is that the first MBA president is a friend to business , not only with immigration and Social Security , but also education , taxes , energy , and the environment .
But ideologically , he is hard to pigeonhole .
" I think it 's fair to say that he does n't fit into any discernible camp in the conservative movement , " says Michael Franc , vice president for government relations at the Heritage Foundation .
Other conservatives are less charitable .
David Keating , executive director of the Club for Growth , slams Bush as a " big- government Republican , " over the explosion in federal spending and deficits .
Though Bush maintains 72 percent support among self - identified conservatives , according to Gallup , he seems to have few friends in the ranks of leading Republicans , at least in public .
At a recent debate among competitors for the chairmanship of the Republican National Committee , Ronald Reagan remained the gold standard of GOP virtue , with nary a kind word for the current president .
Politically , Bush leaves behind a party in disarray .
His own image is also badly in need of repair .
Never since the advent of modern polling has one president experienced such highs and lows in job approval .
After 9/11 , when he rallied a shocked nation , Bush hit 90 percent in Gallup .
By last October , he was at 25 percent .
Many observers have spoken of the lost opportunity of 9/11 , when Bush had the nation , if not the world , behind him .
Bush had come to the presidency promising to be " a uniter , not a divider , " after the polarizing Clinton years and the contested election of 2000 .
Indeed , his record as governor of Texas , where he worked easily with Democrats , held promise .
And the bipartisan education reform , the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001 , added hope .
But politics intervened .
" The key moment was where he and Rove decided to take advantage of 9/11 in the midterm elections [ of 2002 ] , " says Bruce Buchanan , a presidential scholar at the University of Texas , Austin .
" It permanently alienated Democrats . "
After eight years in office , Bush leaves a legacy rich for historians .
Thumbnail assessments of his domestic record on education , and on the environment and energy , are at right .
See page 11 for a review of his economic record .
• Wednesday : Bush 's legal legacy and his recalibration of the constitutional balance of power .
Thursday : his foreign - policy record .
ONE of the most memorable , and parodied , of current infomercials is for the Snuggie , a blanket with sleeves whose users resemble converts to a cozy cult .
Jay Leno mocked the Snuggie in a monologue ( “ Why do n’t you just put your robe on backwards ? ” ) , as did Ellen DeGeneres on her syndicated show ( “ They should throw in a pointed hat so you can look like a wizard . ” )
On CNN recently , a segment on the Snuggie  four million of which have sold since it began advertising in October  said it “ has spawned all sorts of online imitators ” and later mentioned the Slanket as one “ of the other versions of the Snuggie out there . ”
But it turns out that the Snuggie is actually the imitator .
The Slanket , another blanket with sleeves , predates the Snuggie by more than two years .
Gary Clegg said it began in 1998 , when he was a freshman at the University of Maine in Orono and living in a chilly dormitory .
He cut a hole in his sleeping bag because his TV remote would n’t work through the fabric , and subsequently asked his mother to sew a sleeve onto it , he said .
Mr. Clegg added a second sleeve and otherwise refined the design in the ensuing years .
He gave the appendaged blankets as gifts to friends , and finally , with an investment from his brother , Jeff , mass - produced them and started selling them on Slanket.com in early 2006 .
Me : “ Hi , what can I get for ya ? ”
Customer : “ Yeah , um … do you guys serve breakfast ? ”
Me : “ Oh no , sorry , we only serve brunch on Sundays .
We have bagels and pastries in the case right there . ” * pointing *
Customer : “ Hmm , no , I really wanted breakfast . ”
Me : “ Sorry , it ’s just Sundays . ”
Customer : “ But I smell bacon ! ”
Me : “ Yeah , the cook is in the back prepping for the day , and we have some sandwiches with bacon on them . ”
Customer : “ I smell bacon !
You serve breakfast !
I want a hot breakfast ! ”
Me : “ Uh , no… just brunch on Sundays .
Our lunch starts at 11:00 am if you want to come back . ”
Customer : “ NO !
I smell bacon and I want breakfast now ! ” * storms out *
Me : “ … ”
Remember yesterday 's post about how the Obama administration had refused to release the details of a secret copyright treaty because doing so would compromise " national security ? "
Well , it turns out that there are plenty of people who are cleared to be privy to this " sensitive " document — strangely , they all seem to work for giant copyright companies !
Of course , they 're allowed to know what 's in the treaty — but the public , activist groups , consumer rights groups , and the artists whom this treaty is supposed to protect are all forbidden from knowing what it says .
What an embarrassment for an administration that holds itself out as an end to the corrupt , business - as - usual beltway fandango .
Chairman , Mr. Eric H. Smith
President
International Intellectual Property Alliance Vice - Chairman
Mr. Jacques J. Gorlin
President
The Gorlin Group Sandra M. Aistars , Esq .
Senior Counsel , Intellectual Property
Time Warner Inc. Kira M. Alvarez , Esq .
Director , International Government Affairs
Eli Lilly and Company Mark Chandler , Esq .
Senior Vice President , General Counsel ,
and Secretary
Cisco Systems , Inc. Ms. Erin L. Ennis
Vice President
The U.S. - China Business Council Francis ( Frank ) Z. Hellwig , Esq .
Senior Associate , General Counsel
Anheuser - Busch Companies , Inc. J. Anthony Imler , Ph.D .
Director , Public Policy , Latin America
Merck & Co. , Inc. Ms. Mary A. Irace
Vice President , Trade and Export Finance
National Foreign Trade Council , Inc. Jeffrey P. Kushan , Esq .
Sidley , Austin , Brown & Wood LLP
Representing Biotechnology Industry
Organization Stevan D. Mitchell , Esq .
Vice President , Intellectual Property Policy
Entertainment Software Association Douglas T. Nelson , Esq .
Executive Vice President , General Counsel ,
and Secretary
CropLife America Timothy P. Trainer , Esq .
President
Global Intellectual Property
Strategy Center , P.C .
Representing the Thomas G. Faria
Corporation Neil I. Turkewitz , Esq .
Executive Vice President
Recording Industry Association of America Ms. Susan C. Tuttle
Governement Programs Executive
IBM Corporation Mr. Herbert C. Wamsley
Executive Director
Intellectual Property Owners Association Ms. Anissa S. Whitten
Trade Director
Motion Picture Association of America , Inc. Ms. Deborah E. Wiley
Senior Vice President
John Wiley and Sons , Inc .
Association of American Publishers , Inc. Shirley Zebroski , Ph.D
Director , Legislative Affairs
General Motors Corporation
Who are the cleared advisors that have access to secret ACTA documents ?
A private company prospecting the bottom of the Mediterranean Sea in order to plot a course for a new underwater gas pipe between Algeria and Italy has accidentally come across the Danton French battleship , which was sunk by the German navy during the First World War , in 1917 .
Reportedly , the ship still has numerous of its turrets still intact , and is even sitting upright below more than 1,000 meters ( 3,400 feet ) of water .
The discovery has come as a shock , mainly because everyone thought that the vessel had been torpedoed a few miles away from the place where it has been discovered .
Fugro GeoConsulting
Limited , the company that was carrying out the survey , has told the French Admiralty that modern GPS systems are infinitely more accurate than the sextants sailors used to navigate by in the old days .
This would explain the mileage difference .
Regardless of this fact , blueprints have confirmed that the ship is indeed the Danton .
It was named after a French revolutionary , and at the time represented one of the most advanced battleships in existence .
It was torpedoed by the U - 64 German submarine , under the command of Lt. Cdr. Robert Moraht , on March 19th , 1917 , in the Tyrrhenian Sea , at a mere distance of 30 miles south of the island of Sardinia , while it was on its way to assist the blockade of the Strait of Otranto .
Although it had been navigating in zig - zag across the Mediterranean , it could n't escape the U - 64 , which struck it at midday .
At the moment , the Danton was carrying more people than it normally would have , by some estimates more than 1,000 .
Of these , 806 were saved by sailors aboard the Massue destroyer within the 45 minutes it took the ship to go down , who were assisted by other nearby patrol boats .
However , 296 members of the crew drowned , caught in the ship 's undertow .
Surprisingly , the German submarine managed to evade counter - attacks and escaped , leaving the French fleet to deal with a devastating blow .
“ Its condition is extraordinary .
After it was hit by the torpedoes , the Danton clearly turned turtle and rotated several times .
You can see where it dropped some infrastructure on the way down and then impacted on the seabed .
You can see where it slid along the seabed before coming to a rest , ” Fugro GeoConsulting Limited project director Rob Hawkins told the BBC .
The French government is currently seeking to protect the underwater grave , and the gas pipe will most likely take a small detour in the area .
Full Length of Lazer Team in Best Quality
Original Title : Lazer Team
Lazer Team Movie title in your country : Lazer Team
Lazer Team Year of movie : 2015
2015 Genres of movie : Science Fiction , Comedy ,
Science Fiction , Comedy , Status of movie : Released
Released Release date of movie : 2015-09-01
2015 -09-01 Companies of movie : Rooster Teeth ,
Rooster Teeth , Countries of movie : United States of America ,
United States of America , Language of movie : English ,
English , Durationof movie : 90 Min
90 Min Average vote of movie : 5
5 Youtube ID of movie : iB4g23Bdvqo
iB4g23 Bdvqo Translation of movie : EN , DE , PT ,
EN , DE , PT , Actors of movie : Alan Ritchson ( Adam ) , Gavin Free ( Woody ) , Michael Jones ( Zach ) , Burnie Burns ( Hagan ) , Colton Dunn ( Herman ) , Alexandria Deberry ( Mindy ) , Blaine Gibson ( ) , J.J. Castillo ( ) , Irina Voronina ( Female Scientest ) , Don Daro ( Military Brass ) , John Chriss ( Jasper Beth ) , Clint McCreery ( Military Brass ) , Jeremy St. James ( Bean ) , J. Alan Nelson ( Department of Defense Official ) , Travis Barrera ( Air Core ) , Anthony Taylor Lopez ( Soldier ) , Doug Shuffield ( Lt. Col. Love ) , Robert T. McDorman ( Military Police ) , Michael J. Burton ( Jules ) , Miles Luna ( ) , Johnny Walter ( Murdoch ) , Rebecca Chulew ( Spectator ) , Ashley Turner ( News 5 Reporter ) , Gary Teague ( Spectator ) , Deborah Abbott ( Spectator ) , Holly Jee ( Spectator ) , Carolee Crawford ( Spectator ) , Heather Materne ( Spectator ) , Diane Selken ( Spectator ) , Lise Ross ( Spectator ) , Kyle Hoover ( UFO Spectator ) , Mike Carreon ( News 4 Cameraman ) , Barbara Dunkelman (? ) , Joel Heyman ( ) , Caiti Ward ( ) , Arryn Zech ( ) , Kdin Jenzen ( ) , Gustavo Sorola ( ) , Caleb Denecour ()
3864024
Now you can play full Lazer Team in best look with duration 90 Min and was published in 2015 - 09 - 01 with MPAA rating is 1 .
Full Streaming Lazer Team in HD Video with movie summary " In the late 1970 's , the SETI project received a one time signal from outer space .
It looked exactly as theorists thought a communication from an alien civilization would -- unfortunately it has never been decoded .
Or so we were told .
Unbeknownst to the general public the signal was translated and told us two things :
1 ) We are not alone .
2 ) The galaxy is a dangerous place . " in best video format .
Release Lazer Team in High Definition Format by viewing the download link .
Lazer Team
... Full Lazer Team in High Quality 720 p ...
Director : Matt Hullum , Screenplay : Matt Hullum , Screenplay : Burnie Burns , Story : Burnie Burns , Screenplay : Chris Demarais , Screenplay : Josh Flanagan , Producer : Burnie Burns , Producer : Joel Heyman , Producer : Matt Hullum , Producer : Geoff Ramsey , Producer : Gustavo Sorola , Production Design : Marcus LaPorte , Second Unit : Meg Beatty , Second Unit : Derek Franzese , Special Effects : Bob Trevino , Stunts : Clayton J. Barber , Stunts : Gianni Biasetti Jr. , Stunts : Troy Faruk , Stunts : Justin Hall , Stunts : Freddie Poole , Stunts : Immanuel Salas , Stunts : Erika Schultz , Stunts : Carmichael Simon , Stunts : Sam Situmorang , Script Supervisor : Brett Hamann , Stand In : Stephen Latham , Stand In : Carl Thomas , Production Accountant : Jenni Wieland
Of course , now you can watch movie associated with Lazer Team in HD format .
Of course , now you can watch movie associated with Lazer Team entirely length and find the link to this videoin HD format .
Tags :
Now you can play fullin HD video .
Watch fullmovie with single prepare the style by clicking on the image from the sign upward button .
Enjoy each of the albums fresh movie along with all favourite movie loading !
just watch this movienow for free access this online movie .
This can be truly spectacular and may even one of those rare amazing .
The good quality was great all around .
Management , pictures and graphic effects were being all very innovative as well as brilliant .
The pleasure with the script , often humorous and possesses a great deal of heart for many his characters are extremely very beautifully shaped .
For nearly 700 lucky Merrill Lynch employees , 2008 was a million - dollar year , even though the brokerage firm lost $ 27 billion .
On a day the chief executives of eight large banks were questioned about their industry ’s excesses on Capitol Hill , Andrew M. Cuomo , the attorney general of New York State , raised hackles by disclosing how Merrill Lynch distributed its $ 3.6 billion 2008 bonus pool .
The payments , made just before Merrill Lynch was sold to Bank of America in December , have already stirred anger for being paid earlier than usual .
And Mr. Cuomo made it clear that the bulk of the bonuses were paid to a small portion of Merrill Lynch ’s 39,000 employees .
“ Merrill chose to make millionaires out of a select group of 700 employees , ” Mr. Cuomo wrote in the letter , which was sent to the House Financial Services Committee on Tuesday night .
The disclosure again puts Wall Street ’s compensation system , which has long rewarded select individuals with handsome bonuses , under the microscope .
Professional Data Recovery service for Corporates , SMEs and Individuals
Stellar Data Recovery is most trusted and preferred data recovery service provider in India .
We take care of your data , all our data recovery service processes are safe and secure .
We have highly skilled data recovery professionals , who have years of experience in recovering data from any kind of data loss situation .
All our data recovery centers are equipped with world class cutting edge technology and are under surveillance 24x7 .
Our professional services are for all types of clients .
Corporates , SMEs , Individuals , we serve all .
We recover your data as per your need .
When your information , files , and folders are inaccessible you need the best data recovery center with the right technology and experienced engineers , to recover what is most important to you .
A wheelchair - bound but hardly defenceless Harlem granny is being sued for $ 5 m after popping a .357 Magnum cap into an alleged mugger , the New York Post reports .
Margaret Johnson , 59 , described as " a retired city bus driver who has a dislocated hip and a ruptured disc " , was sitting in her motorised mobility scooter in September 2006 when Deron Johnson , 48 , " tried to snatch her purse and gold chain " .
This turned out to be a bad move , since Ms Johnson 's grandfather was Harlem crime boss Ellsworth “ Bumpy ” Johnson , a no-messing - about character who once battled with fellow gangster Dutch Shultz for control of the Harlem numbers racket .
She said of grandpa , immortalised as Bumpy Jonas in the 1971 blaxploitation classic Shaft : " He raised me like his daughter .
I wanted to be just like Daddy .
It made me a strong woman . "
To prove the point , she shot the would - be robber in his left elbow , and he was quickly detained by cops .
He was acquitted at trial , however , after claiming in his defence that he'd simply kicked his alleged victim 's Shih Tzu , ( named Malika , for the record ) , after it attacked him - an act of self - defence which provoked granny to whip out her piece .
Mr Johnson is , as is the local custom , now suing granny and her apartment block landlord for the aforementioned five million bucks .
His lawyer , Craig Davidowitz , claims he 's " suffered permanent nerve damage from the shooting " .
The landlord , meanwhile , is being taken to task for allowing Dirty Harriet to roam free with her personal arsenal of crime - busting firepower .
He demanded : " What 's grandma doing walking the streets with a loaded gun ?
They should have known they had a tenant walking around with a loaded weapon . "
Margaret Johnson , though , is having none of it .
She sensationally explained to the New York Post : " I 'm a peaceful person .
I wish that I had killed him .
I did n't think you had to pay to get mugged in New York City . "
She stressed : " I 'm not spending a dime on that son - of - a - bitch .
This boils my blood .
Why is he picking on me again ? "
The New York Post notes that grandma has a penchant for firearms and " once owned an Uzi submachine gun " .
She said of her current weapon of choice , the .357 Magnum : " I love that gun .
It 's so powerful .
I do n't know too many women who can handle that gun .
I almost fell on my butt when I first fired it . " ®
Bootnote
Just to further demonstrate what a very bad idea it was for Deron Johnson to mess with Margaret , the New York Post has a snap of her proudly posing with her Uzi .
And yes , we know Dirty Harry carried a .44 Magnum , but we reckon it 's unreasonable to expect a wheelchair - confined 59 - year - old to handle that kind of firepower .
The facial expression of a blind athlete after losing an important game
The facial expressions we make to show or hide our emotions are hardwired into our brains rather than learned during life , a study has concluded .
Blind and sighted athletes made the same expressions when they won and lost , US researchers found .
This , the study reported in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology study suggests , meant the expressions were not picked up by watching others .
The researchers believe they could be remnants of evolutionary history .
It could be that our emotions , and the systems to regulate them , are vestiges of our evolutionary history
Professor David Matsumoto
San Francisco State University
The idea that facial expressions are in - built is not new - scientists have suggested it since the 1960s .
However , the study at San Francisco State University provides some of the strongest evidence yet to support it .
Professor David Matsumoto and his team compared 4,800 photographs , capturing the expressions of sighted and blind judo athletes at medal ceremonies at the 2004 Olympic and Paralympic Games .
In each case , the faces of gold and silver medal winning athletes were scrutinised .
While the winners frequently showed genuine joy at their victory , those in the lesser medal positions often produced " social smiles " - smiles involving only mouth movement , indicating that they may be artificial rather than spontaneous .
No biting
The researchers concluded that sighted and blind competitors showed or controlled their expressions in exactly the same way .
Professor Matsumoto said : " The statistical correlation between the facial expressions of sighted and blind individuals was almost perfect .
A sighted athlete shows a very similar expression after losing " This suggests something genetically resident within us is the source of facial expressions of emotion .
" Losers pushed their lower lip up as if to control the emotion on their face and many produced social smiles - individuals blind from birth could not have learned to control their emotions in this way through visual learning , so there must be another mechanism .
" It could be that our emotions , and the systems to regulate them , are vestiges of our evolutionary history . "
He said that humans might have learned that rather than express negative emotions by yelling , biting or throwing insults , they may have developed a system that automatically closes the mouth to prevent it .
Dr Bridget Waller , from the University of Portsmouth , said that primates often used a " bare teeth display " to signal to other primates that they were not going to attack them , and humans might have inherited a similar system .
" It is a way of signalling your benign intent .
It may not be so much that you are stopping yourself from doing something , but actually demonstrating to somebody else that you are not going to do it .
She warned : " People can think that all communication revolves around language , when it happens on so many other levels , such as body language and facial expression . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As MSNBC broadcasted numerous times yesterday of ordinary Japanese citizens beating up on the ‘ Poverty god ’ , while at first it seemed comical , it was treated with an air of jocularity by most anchors .
In reality there is great frustration being felt world - wide .
The masses are truly hurting and there is no joke behind any of it .
Last week , Rick Santelli of CNBC in his rant blamed ordinary citizens for this ailing economy and perhaps Americans should direct any rants and frustration back to the powers that be on Wall Street .
Perhaps any ‘ Poverty god ’ here in America should have the faces of various Wall Street executives .
A neat thought .
Just maybe the citizens of our country in an attempt to show Wall Street of how angry we truly are concerning their bad behavior should erect our own ‘ Poverty gods ’ in every town square .
In our case call them ‘ The criminal thugs of Wall Street ’ .
Within these town squares , we citizens can show our own anger and angst by taking it out on these replicas and as we do so , we shout from the top of our lungs , “ We are mad as hell and we are not going to take it anymore ! ”
At this moment in time Americans must reclaim our dignity and give ourselves self permission to show a sign of force by having our own Howard Beale moment .
While not an economic expert , when I continue to see the Dow sink , an anger erupts in me and directed at the power brokers on Wall Street ; not my fellow Americans .
My anger is a red as the Dow slides into negative territory .
I get angry when trips made by bank executives are explained away to the American people as the way they do business especially when people are finding it harder to find a meal .
I am doubly angry with banks and the thugs that control them hold onto our money and refuse to release bank bailout funds back into the system to unlock this credit freeze .
I would love it if rich philanthropic people would come on - air and cite to the American people we will loan to you , we just need the specs and lock out Wall Street from profiting in these transactions .
What say you , Warren Buffet , Bill Gates and other notable billionaires ?
Perhaps it is you who have the power to jumpstart this economy .
Americans only want the chance to rebuild their lives instead of foraging for their next meal or sleeping in their automobiles .
This notion that we cannot allow some banks to die repulses me as five million people are out of work .
Are we treating these banks as a human being whose rights trump ordinary citizens in this country ?
Patients in various hospitals are taken off life support systems every single day when there is no sign of life .
Meaning they are brain dead .
Can we not say the same thing of failing banks ?
Are n’t failing banks just as brain dead ?
Yet we keep the IV of cash flowing into their veins .
We keep hearing the same old mantra , “ We can not allow this bank to fail ” and again , while not an economic expert , my thoughts are , “ Why ? ” To me failing banks are the cancer that is killing this country one Dow point at a time as it sinks further into negative territory .
Why not allow these cancerous banks to die off and allow the stronger banks to take root ?
Is n’t that called the survival of the fittest ?
As I read this article concerning Citigroup , what grabbed my attention was this , “ The swap of $ 25 billion of preferred shares into common stock will expose the government to the same risks facing other holders of the bank 's common stock .
Shares of Citigroup and many other financial companies have plunged as the sector undergoes its worst crisis in seven decades . ”
This is a sick patient who is indeed brain dead , yet the IV remains intact .
I guess I am like the growing number of Americans who are getting tired of bailing out these banks , as the Dow continue to slide taking with it our economy .
I am sick and tired of rewarding bad behavior when there are other lending institutions out there who have played by the rules and have not received any bailout money .
They are the banks we must allow to come to the forefront in this ailing economy and we must be bold as to say , “ Let Citigroup die ! ”
As many cringe when one hears the term conservatism , I must say I was impressed upon reading a question and answer article of two bank CEOs in Texas whose lending practices are more conservative than others .
Most notable as one reads this entire article is that they did not partake in the bailout package .
In fact in this interview , S. Royce Brown ( Chairman , president and CEO of Extraco Corporation .
Extraco is the largest independent bank in Central Texas with 15 financial centers and has been family - owned and managed since 1902 . ) was asked , " why did your bank turn away federal bailout funds ? "
Brown 's answer in part , " We do n’t need the extra capital , and we do n’t need the government as a shareholder .
We do n’t believe our taxes should be redistributed to our competitors , who we then are expected to compete with as if they were n’t held accountable for their risk choices .
Some will use the TARP funds to make acquisitions or be encouraged by the government to take on more loan risk . "
There is that ' r ' word again , meaning risk as the article on Citigroup cited sinking $ 25 billion dollars more into it would be risky .
When asked this pertinent question of Bill Nesbitt 's ( Chairman and CEO of Central National Bank ) , " why are local banks , including your institution , doing well despite the current economic crisis which has plagued so many other financial institutions ? "
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
A S. Kline is a poet , author and translator .
He was born in 1947 and lives in England .
He graduated in Mathematics from the University of Manchester , and was Chief Information Officer ( Systems Director ) of a large UK Company , before dedicating himself to his literary work and interests .
His work consists of translations of poetry ; critical works , biographical history with poetry as a central theme ; and his own original poetry .
He has translated into English from Latin , Ancient Greek , Classical Chinese and the European languages .
He also maintains a deep interest in developments in Mathematics and the Sciences .
He continues to write predominantly for the Internet , making all works available as open access , with an added focus on the rapidly developing area of electronic books .
His most extensive works are complete translations of Ovid 's Metamorphoses and Dante 's Divine Comedy , both published electronically , with a comprehensive in - depth index fully hyper - linked to the text .
Many of his works have also been published in printed book and audio formats .
You may read his works on the following sites :
It is claimed domestic incidents are linked to the credit crunch
An increase in domestic violence in certain parts of Northern Ireland may be due to the credit crunch , according to an assembly member .
Ulster Unionist Basil McCrea said places that had shown the biggest rises in domestic - related crime had suffered most from the economic downturn .
Magherafelt , Foyle , Strabane and the Limavady areas showed a 14 % increase .
Assistant Chief Constable Duncan McCausland said tackling domestic abuse was " a policing priority " .
Speaking after the Policing Board discussed the issue with senior officers on Wednesday , he said a large number of domestic incidents in Northern Ireland still go unreported .
" We have 60 specially - trained domestic violence officers .
We want to see those responsible for such crime brought to justice , " he said .
The Policing Board will next month publish a report on the PSNI 's approach to tackling domestic abuse and how it meets human rights responsibilities in this area .
' Anecdotal evidence '
Mr McCrea said there was anecdotal evidence to suggest a rise in domestic violence is linked to increased use of alcohol in the home .
" What 's happening is that people can't afford to go out as much , " he said .
" So they buy alcohol , they stay at home , drink at home and that leads to arguments and some things develop into more serious issues .
" There is no doubt that irresponsible drinking is at the heart of many of our problems . "
Mr McCrea said other factors also came into play .
" It may be that people have more confidence in policing and that is why they are reporting more crimes , but certainly we are hearing evidence that there is a problem with regard to the economic downturn . "
Figures showed a 14 % increase in domestic incidents in the Foyle , Strabane , Limavady and Magherafelt districts between April to November 2008 and the same period in 2007 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Downloadable content has become a part of the videogame world whether we like it or not .
It 's become an inevitable eventuality for nearly every big name title , and we have now come to expect most hot games to continue making money with downloadable add - ons ranging from extra costumes and weapons , to map packs and full - on episodic material .
The debate rages on concerning the right and wrong way to use DLC , whether or not publishers are holding back content that could have easily released on the disc , and whether it is right to design extra stuff at the same time the game itself is being made .
In order to try and help this debate continue , we have compiled a little list of some of the worst DLC available on the console with the strongest online userbase , the Xbox 360 .
We 've trawled Xbox Live to find the very worst of the bunch , so join us as we name and shame those publishers who are just taking the utter piss out of you .
Yes , we 'll talk about Horse Armor .
DLC : Horse Armor
For : Oblivion
Price : 200 MS Points
We may as well start with the classic .
Bethesda helped the whole idea of DLC jump the shark by introducing Horse Armor .
This " beautifully handcrafted armor " can be yours for the princely sum of 200 Points , and has earned its place in DLC history as one of the stupidest , most pointless pieces of crappy add - on content of all time .
The horses in Oblivion are about as disposable as cars in Grand Theft Auto , even easier to lose , and lacking in the capacity to access in - game radio stations .
Quite why a sensible and intelligent person would want to spend their hard - earned Microsoft Moon Money to " protect " horses is beyond me .
I 've never seen a horse die in Oblivion .
They 're rarely ever in danger , unless you 're stupid .
Stupid enough to buy armor for the thing , I suppose .
Horse Armor stands as testament to how a developer will just dream up any old bollocks in order to provide some sort of monetized content .
I like Bethesda , but Horse Armor remains among the most shameless items on Xbox Live 's Marketplace .
DLC : LV .
Up & 300,000 Gald
For : Tales of Vesperia
Price : 200 & 300 MS Points
Namco Bandai are the masters when it comes to vampiric DLC , and no greater example can be found than within Tales of Vesperia 's staggering thirty one paid add - ons .
Scamco is n't put off by the fact that Vesperia is a linear , single - player game in a genre that does n't lend itself well to quality DLC .
Those guys found a way to come up with over thirty ways to leech extra cash from idiotic gamers .
With so much Vesperia DLC to choose from , we limited ourselves to two of the most ridiculous -- in - game money and level ups .
If you want 300,000 Gald , just give Namco 300 Points and it 's yours .
Because you can only buy a piece of DLC once , Namco was even kind enough to have TWO 300,000 Gald downloads , so if you spend the original purse of blood money , you can pay another 300 Points for even more .
For 200 Points , you can also jump your characters an extra five levels .
If you want to jump ten levels , just pay 300 Points .
This little scam represents what will be a running theme throughout this article -- paying the game to ostensibly play itself for you .
It 's amazing how people are willing to spend money on this sort of thing .
Paying more money to reduce the amount of play value in your original purchase is just ... wow .
It 's inconceivable , but people are doing it .
DLC : Time Is Money Pack
For : Skate 2
Price : 400 MS Points
Remember what we said about paying games to play themselves ?
Skate 2 exemplifies that with its " Time Is Money " Pack , where for 400 Points you can unlock all the content already on the disc and could be yours for free if you 'd just do what you paid $ 60 to do and actually play the damn game .
Electronic
Arts does n't hide the fact that it 's targeting lazy morons :
" If you are busy , or just plain lazy , " Time is Money " will unlock all locations , skaters and gear that can be earned by playing through Skate 2's career and online modes . "
In a way , you have to admire the shamelessness of EA on this one .
They 're not even trying to obscure the fact that this DLC is cynical pap , but is still incredibly confident that people are going to spend their Space Bucks anyway .
Is it any wonder that publishers sink to such depths when they realize they can make people pay for something they already have ?
DLC : Weapons , Skins & Costumes
For : Dead Space
Price : 120 - 320 MS
Points
I wanted to limit each game to just one piece of DLC , but the sheer amount of worthless rubbish EA is pedalling with Dead Space can not be passed up .
Did you know that for 180 MS Points , you can buy a handful of guns that are exactly the same as in - game weapons just with slightly faster bullets ?
That 's the Speed Kills Pack for you , with a speedier fire rate for the Plasma Cutter , Line Gun and Force Gun .
Just in case you want EA to have even more of your money , why not spend 120 - 180 Points on new skins for your weapons ?
No gameplay changes whatsoever , just a straight up exchange of money for redder guns .
Then there are the costume packs , which can go as high as 320 MS Points .
Because these costumes have enhanced defense and come with fully maxed out weapons , they also have the added benefit of reducing Dead Space 's overall gameplay value , just like in Skate 2 and Tales of Vesperia .
DLC : Darth Vader
For : SoulCalibur IV
Price : 400 MS Points
Namco Bandai return with one of the most offensively predictable bits of crap available on Xbox Live .
The moment we found out that Namco was making Darth Vader and Yoda " exclusive " to the PS3 and Xbox 360 versions of SoulCalibur IV respectively , it became blatantly obvious what Namco was working towards .
Quite pathetically , the leeches did not disappoint , offering Darth Vader to Xbox 360 users for the ridiculous price of 400 Points .
Scamco has a habit of charging people for stuff that 's already on the disc .
In essence , you 've bought what the publisher is offering when you paid for the game itself , but unlike Skate 2 , you do n't have an option to earn it for free .
Namco simply locks the stuff away , and sells you the keys at a later date .
Just like with Tales of Vesperia , there is a ridiculous amount of pointless extra shit for you to spend your Toy Money on , but we had to go with Darth Vader , simply because he exemplifies everything that is wrong with abusive DLC .
Holding back a character for the sole purpose of flogging him off for a few extra bucks is a direct slap in the face to loyal consumers .
Any SoulCalibur fan with dignity should have thrown this offer in the publisher 's face , but I am fairly certain of course that Scamco made ridiculous amounts of cash out of this scheme .
Thus the vicious circle continues .
DLC : Transformers Unlockables
For : Tranformers : The Game
Price : 500 MS Points
" This pack lets you experience everything Transformers : The Game has to offer , " proudly claims Xbox Live Marketplace .
" Unlock levels , G1 skins and bonus content .
For 500 points you can have it all ( do n’t worry – we wo n’t tell anyone ) . "
Yes , this is basically the " Time Is Money " Pack all over again , with the added caveat that this game is based on that shitty Transformers remake that does n't have Frank Welker in it , so it 's automatically even worse .
Still , with a Metacritic score of 52 , perhaps letting this game play itself is a bonus .
Is it a bonus worth 500 frigging points though ?
Of course not .
That 's some arrogance right there , charging that much .
Still , again , I 'm sure enough morons have acquiesed to the ransom .
DLC : The Rest of the game
For : Beautiful Katamari
Price : 200 MS Points apiece
Beautiful Katamari , unsurprisingly from Namco Bandai , is one of the most notoriously DLC controversies , where a selection of 200 Point stages effectively completed the game .
In order to get all the Achievements for Beautiful Katamari , in fact , you are required to buy and play the rest of the game being offered in downloadable form .
One of the worst aspects of this scam is the fact that Katamari is a bit of a cult series as it is .
Is it really right to alienate fans of the franchise when Katamari works so hard to acquire the dedicated followers it has ?
Obviously , Namco does n't worry about such things , and is prepare to fleece anybody with more money than sense .
Great way to make customers trust you .
DLC : Extra Character Data
For : Onechanbara : Bikini Samurai Squad
Price : 500 MS Points
Onechanbara is a rubbish game in and of itself , so it stands to reason that any DLC offered would also be crap .
For a ridiculous 500 Points , you can access one new character for each transaction .
Simply due to the fact that the original characters are n't fun to play , I 'm not prepared to pay such stupid amounts of money to choose from even more .
To access all three new characters , 1500 Points would need to leave your digital wallets .
Is that not simply amazing ?
1500 Points for the game itself is asking quite a lot .
For three characters , it 's basically just D3 pissing in our hair via the gift of Broadband Internet .
DLC : VR Levels
For : Vampire Rain
Price : Free
I know it 's free , but it 's Vampire Rain .
The very fact that AQ Interactive is n't paying US to download it cements this item 's place as a truly rubbish piece of DLC .
Do n't get me wrong .
I love DLC in theory .
When done right , it allows consumers to spend a little more money to reap extra fun from a game they love .
New episodes , maps and , Hell , even those silly costumes and character unlocks can be decent if they come at the right price .
Unfortunately , as is common with every good thing in the games industry , DLC is far too readily raped by irresponsible publishers who do n't care how close their actions bring us to a videogame market crash .
The consumer , as always , is far from blameless .
The only reason any of this shit exists is because they are more than happy to spread their cheeks apart and get bummed senseless by Namco Bandai and pals .
Publishers are happily slapping their fans in the face with giant cocks made out of bloodstained dollar bills , and the morons are happily lapping up every drop of sweat that flies from the veiny weapon with every dull , damp thud .
In that respect , this article has achieved and will achieve nothing .
However , if you 'd like to read it with different colored letters , just send me 1200 Microsoft Points .
Summit Middle School in Frisco , Colo. , is a tobacco - free campus .
Students who smoke cigarettes are suspended .
But when a lunchtime crew of sixth - graders last fall started " smoking " Smarties , the tart , chalky candy discs wrapped in cellophane , lunchroom monitors and the school nurse were flummoxed .
The children did n't light the candy .
They ...
Drop Search
Drop Search makes it very easy to add a powerful , customized search engine to your site , using Google AJAX Search API .
Making a good search engine for your site is not easy and Google does a pretty good job at it so why not use it ?
There is almost no programming required and anyone with basic - level web development experience can copy - paste the sample code below to their website and make it instantly searchable .
In addition to using mouse , keyboard arrows can also be used to select the search results .
Enter and Escape keys work as expected too .
Live Demo of Drop Search
Download Drop Search Locally ( optional )
If you download these two files locally , you can customize the functionality and appearance however you want :
Drop Search Javascript - 6 kb
Drop Search CSS - 2 kb ( Just right - click and ' Save Target As ' or similar . )
Credits
Drop Search is powered solely by the awesome Google AJAX Search API .
Optionally , you may want to sign up for a Google AJAX Search API Key and use this API key in the ' gkey ' parameter .
License
The Drop Search library is released under the Creative Commons license .
Please read and adhere to the Google AJAX Search API Terms of Use .
While I use code and algorithms from various sources , I always respect the code license and give credit where it 's due .
If you think that I am using your code / algorithm without the appropriate license , please let me know .
Sample HTML Code
< html >
< head >
< link rel=" stylesheet " type =" text / css "
href = " http://chir.ag/projects/drop-search/drop-search.css " >
< script type =" text / javascript "
src= " http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.4.2/jquery.min.js "></ script>
< script type =" text / javascript "
src= " http://chir.ag/projects/drop-search/drop-search.js "></ script>
< script >
$ ( function ( ) { // edit this section as necessary :
// #id or .class of the search box
$ ( " #ds " ) .dropSearch ( {
basedomain : " cnn.com " , // which domain to search
inittext : " search cnn " , // the default text in the search box
filter : " - video " , // ignore / require specific keywords
align : " left " , // position of the dropdown list
relative : false , // set to true if within a relative div/ container
width : " 300 " , // should be at least 250px
gkey : " " // please enter your google ajax api here
} ) ;
} ) ;
</script >
</head >
< body >
< ul > < input id = " ds " type =" text " value= " search cnn " /></ul >
</body ></html >
Documentation
For help and documentation on how to use the Drop Search , view the sample code above .
Due to time constraints , I cannot write detailed documentation for Drop Search .
However , feel free to email me for further information , technical questions , ideas , improvements etc .
Disclaimer
The last installment of the famed Mercedes SLK luxury roadster broadened its appeal having long been the favoured choice of well - heeled female buyers .
That means muscular styling borrowed from the SLS supercar , more focused driving dynamics and an improvement in quality .
Offered with a range of four and six - cylinder engines , this generation also introduces a diesel model for the first time , with the promise of over 50 mpg economy and over 500 Nm of torque .
Other highlights include a hi-tech sunroof and the obligatory AMG version – which gets a clever V8 engine and delivers an impressive 415 bhp .
The SLK was renamed in 2016 as the Mercedes SLC .
Engines , performance and drive
There are four petrols and a single diesel to choose from .
The petrol range kicks off with the four - cylinder 184 bhp SLK 200 which comes with either a six - speed manual or smooth 7G Tronic automatic gearbox .
It ’s eager enough but does n’t sound or feel especially sporty .
The six - cylinder option is the charismatic and refined 350 that produces 306 bhp and feels really quick , but those seeking even greater thrills can opt for the 5.5 - litre 415 bhp SLK 55 AMG .
The SLK grips well and is better to drive than its predecessors , but numb steering and a crashy ride stop it challenging the class leading Porsche Boxster .
MPG , CO2 and Running Costs
Equipped with the new four - cylinder 250CDI diesel engine the SLK will return a remarkable 56.5 mpg and emits just 132g / km of C02 .
However thanks to engine start / stop technology and long gearing even the 350 V6 will manage 39 mpg when driven carefully .
The optional automatics are cleaner than manual versions , but the difference is marginal .
Insurance , parts and servicing are all as high as you would expect from a premium brand , but get carried away with the options list and the SLK can start to look expensive compared to its close rivals .
Interior , design and technology
The SLK ’s dramatic styling is definitely the equal of rivals like the BMW Z4 and Porsche Boxster .
Taking its cues from the gullwing SLS supercar , the gaping grille , swept back headlights and long bonnet give it a low , aggressive stance .
LED lights on the bumper come standard on all models , as do alloys wheels and the folding metal roof , which stows neatly into the boot .
AMG sport models add side skirts , bigger alloy wheels and tinted front a rear lights and leather sports seats .
Practicality , comfort and boot space
How much space there is for luggage depends on whether you choose to have the roof up or down , but the SLK is capable of carrying more baggage than most of its rivals .
With the roof in place there ’s 335 - litres of space – more than a Ford Focus - but with the roof open this shrinks to 225 - litres .
Inside , there ’s plenty of space and it ’s easy to get comfortable quickly , and neat extras like the optional Airscarf heater vents in the seats and the lack of turbulence in the cabin make the SLK an excellent top - down cruiser .
Reliability and Safety
The SLK is one of the safest cars in its class thanks to a variety of active systems that first appeared on the flagship S - Class .
Attention Assist monitors the drivers to ensure you do n’t nod off at the wheel , while Pre-Safe senses if a collision is imminent and activates the pre-tension seatbelts .
Optional kit also includes Lane Keep Assist and DISTRONIC plus , a cruise control that matches the SLK ’s speed to the car in front , which makes for a relaxing drive on the motorway .
Remarks of President Barack Obama
Weekly Address
Saturday , March 28 , 2009
Washington , DC
Even as we face an economic crisis which demands our constant focus , forces of nature can also intervene in ways that create other crises to which we must respond – and respond urgently .
For the people of North and South Dakota and Minnesota who live along rivers spilling over their banks , this is one such moment .
Rivers and streams throughout the region have flooded or are at risk of flooding .
The cities of Fargo and neighboring Moorhead are vulnerable as the waters of the Red River have risen .
Thousands of homes and businesses are threatened .
That is why , on Tuesday , I granted a major disaster declaration request for the State of North Dakota and ordered federal support into the region to help state and local officials respond to the flooding .
This was followed by an emergency declaration for the State of Minnesota .
And we are also keeping close watch on the situation in South Dakota as it develops .
The Department of Homeland Security and the Federal Emergency Management Agency continue to coordinate the federal response .
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano is helping to oversee federal efforts and she remains in close contact with state officials .
Acting FEMA administrator Nancy Ward has been in the region since yesterday to meet with folks on the ground and survey the area herself .
In addition , The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is assisting in the emergency construction of levees .
The Coast Guard is aiding in search and rescue efforts while the Department of Defense is helping to move people and supplies .
Members of the National Guard have been activated and are on the scene as well .
Hospitals and nursing homes in the area are being evacuated and residents in poor health or with special needs are being transported to higher ground .
Teams from the Department of Health and Human Services are aiding in this work .
And the Red Cross is in place to provide shelter and supplies for folks in need .
It is also important for residents in these states to remain vigilant in monitoring reports on flood crests and to follow instructions from their state and local leaders in the event that evacuations become necessary .
My administration is working closely with Governors John Hoeven , Mike Rounds and Tim Pawlenty .
And I ’ve been meeting with Senators Byron Dorgan , Kent Conrad , and Amy Klobuchar , as well as Congressmen Earl Pomeroy and Collin Peterson , to pledge my support .
I will continue to monitor the situation carefully .
We will do what must be done to help in concert with state and local agencies and non-profit organizations – and volunteers who are doing so much to aid the response effort .
For at moments like these , we are reminded of the power of nature to disrupt lives and endanger communities .
But we are also reminded of the power of individuals to make a difference .
In the Fargodome , thousands of people gathered not to watch a football game or a rodeo , but to fill sandbags .
Volunteers filled 2.5 million of them in just five days , working against the clock , day and night , with tired arms and aching backs .
Others braved freezing temperatures , gusting winds , and falling snow to build levees along the river ’s banks to help protect against waters that have exceeded record levels .
College students have traveled by the busload from nearby campuses to lend a hand during their spring breaks .
Students from local high schools asked if they could take time to participate .
Young people have turned social networks into community networks , coordinating with one another online to figure out how best to help .
In the face of an incredible challenge , the people of these communities have rallied in support of one another .
And their service is n’t just inspirational – it ’s integral to our response .
It ’s also a reminder of what we can achieve when Americans come together to serve their communities .
All across the nation , there are men , women and young people who have answered that call , and millions of other who would like to .
Whether it ’s helping to reduce the energy we use , cleaning up a neighborhood park , tutoring in a local school , or volunteering in countless other ways , individual citizens can make a big difference .
That is why I ’m so happy that legislation passed the Senate this week and the House last week to provide more opportunities for Americans to serve their communities and the country .
The bipartisan Senate bill was sponsored by Senator Orrin Hatch and Senator Ted Kennedy , a leader who embodies the spirit of public service , and I am looking forward to signing this important measure into law .
In facing sudden crises or more stubborn challenges , the truth is we are all in this together – as neighbors and fellow citizens .
That is what brought so many to help in North Dakota and Minnesota and other areas affected by this flooding .
That is what draws people to volunteer in so many ways , serving our country here and on distant shores .
Our thanks go to them today , and to all who are working day and night to deal with the disaster .
We send them our thoughts , our prayers , and our continued assistance in this difficult time .
Thank you .
In recent weeks , as oil traded around $ 40 a barrel , the conventional wisdom among specialists was that the price decline that began last summer was largely over .
Amid production cuts by the OPEC cartel , oil had apparently found a floor that would last until the global economy rebounded .
But a growing chorus of analysts and economists is questioning that notion .
While theirs is a minority view , they see troubling conditions in the oil market that could still push prices down sharply  and a global economy that is getting worse , not better .
Some are predicting that oil could fall to $ 20 a barrel and stay low for years .
Petroleum executives generally do not regard this prospect as likely .
But in a year when dire predictions about the economy keep coming true , they fear it is a possibility .
Another big drop could lead to a sustained period of low investments , and many executives say that would set the stage for prices to soar once the global economy finally starts to recover .
“ The industry needs reasonable prices , ” Zhou Jiping , the vice president of the China National Petroleum Corporation , said at a conference last month in Houston held by Cambridge Energy Research Associates .
“ If prices stay below $ 40 a barrel , a large number of wells have to be shut down . ”
About the author
( NewsTarget ) A battle is on in the world of economics , a battle that can be symbolized as David vs. Goliath .
It is the intellectual and tactical battle between big government and small government .
Goliath is big government whether it is headed by George Bush or Barack Obama , the new president who promised change but is promoting the business of big government as usual .
David is small government , currently being represented by Ron Paul , the Constitutionalist Congressman from the House Financial Services Committee , who thinks big government is the problem , not the solution .
The most recent battleground is the economic stimulus package newly emerged from the shoot of big government .
The basic premise of Goliath is that to keep the current economic malaise from rivaling or exceeding the scope of the Great Depression , the government must stimulate the economy with massive amounts of money so consumers can get loans to continue their binge of accumulating material goods .
Even though too many people already have a house they can't afford , a new car , bulging closets , spoiled children , and debt up to their eyeballs , Goliath sees the current crisis as the result of the drying up of credit and the refusal of lenders to lend .
This vision is like telling a man who has just finished a seven course dinner that the only way around his indigestion is to eat another meal .
David thinks that in order to keep the current economic crisis from turning into a prolonged depression as was witnessed in 1929 , the government must retrench and let the invisible hand of the market cleanse away the debt overhang before any real economic growth can again take place and the economy can right itself .
David thinks the man who just finished the seven course dinner should take a digestive enzyme , lie down and sleep it off .
The small government proponents believe the way to start improving the situation is to first understand how we got into such a mess .
They see the cause of the current distress as the result of government policies and central planning that created the housing bubble that is now going bust .
About a decade ago , the government made expanded homeownership and affordable housing a public goal .
Through Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and the secondary mortgage market , the government provided the incentive for low down - payment , widely available mortgage products .
It discouraged market - proven lending standards so successfully used in the past .
The Federal Reserve , kept interest rates artificially low , adding even more fuel to this fire .
Many sectors related to the housing bubble flourished because of this environment of easy credit , and many people were put into homes they otherwise could never have afforded .
It was a festive time for a lot of people .
The government - spurred increased demand for housing sent prices soaring until many markets became unaffordable , necessitating even more creative mortgages and leveraged ways to own a home .
Risky investment vehicles such as mortgaged - backed securities , derivatives , and credit default swaps added another financial dimension to the bubble .
Then , when the last person who wanted a house finally got one , the lights went out on the party .
Clearly the situation now is unpleasant for many people .
In response , the proponents of big government have taken their cue from the disease establishment .
They want to treat the symptoms of the economic bust without regard to what caused the bubble in the first place .
For small government proponents , just as the best cure for having eaten too much is not to eat for awhile , the best cure for a massive debt buildup is not to borrow for awhile .
This includes the government as well as the individual .
In the big government camp , there is a lot of scurrying around trying to figure out what to do with the huge debt ball that threatens to roll on top of the economy and squash it .
Some advocate the creation of a " bad bank " to buy up all the troubled debt at inflated prices .
Others want an end to the mark to market accounting rule under which the books of financial institutions are required to show the true value of their assets on a daily basis .
An end to mark to market accounting would allow banks and debt institutions to carry loans on their books as though they were still worth what they were before the borrowers stopped making their payments .
The thinking is that if the old debt can be dressed up in some kind of way that makes it look better , it will be easier to create new debt .
The small government camp thinks that it was government intervention and manipulation that caused the housing market to become divorced from sound money policy in the first place .
They advocate a return to free market principals , sound money policy , assessment of the principles of risk and reward , and supply and demand , without government or political intervention .
For them , it is the manipulative rules and regulations of government attempting to dictate social and economic behavior that are the root causes of the current distortions and bad investments .
Bailing out banks , continuing failed Fed policies and strapping the taxpayer with toxic debt will only worsen the pain and punish the innocent .
For Ron Paul , curing a recession means allowing it to take its course by allowing the market value of debt to reflect its true value .
This would allow lenders to lose money if the borrowers cannot make their payments , a fundamental principal of free markets .
If loans cannot be paid , they will eventually be written off the books at a true value of zero .
Institutions that made bad loans to the point where their financial futures are compromised will disappear .
The investors they represented will lose their money and realize they made bad investments .
Homeowners who bought houses that were overvalued can either pay off their inflated mortgages or they can walk away from their houses .
Either way they will learn from their mistakes .
As a result of the economic crisis , people will realize the importance of saving money again .
Eventually equilibrium will be reached and the economy will be poised to recover , spurred on by a mounting national savings rate .
If Congress wants to be helpful and stimulate demand , it should cut taxes , according to Congressman Paul .
Ideally , the income tax should be completely repealed , and the IRS should be dismantled giving everyone a reason to celebrate .
Unconstitutional programs and departments should be discontinued , and the wasteful governmental encroachment of the people 's liberty and money should be ended , starting with its massive overseas empire .
When the U.S. gives up its desire to rule the world , money dedicated to that purpose could be brought home and would be more than enough to provide funding for the expenses of a small government .
Congress should abolish the Federal Reserve and take back its responsibilities to ensure sound money , safe from the manipulations of powerful banking interests .
Free economies have always gone in cycles , following the grand design of nature .
When an economy is ready to expand it does so , requiring no government stimulus to get it going .
And when it is time for an economy to contract , it will do so no matter how much stimulus is thrown at it .
The current stimulus package creates another $ 6,500 of additional debt burden for every American man , woman and child .
That is $ 26,000 for a family of four .
This burden is on top of the $ 37,000 already owed by every man , woman and child , equating to $ 148,000 for a family of four .
This makes a total of $ 174,000 extra that the family of four will have to come up with , an amount that is the equivalent of buying another house for many families .
This is at a time when people are struggling to pay off their already gargantuan debt for houses , cars and credit cards .
Big government claims the stimulus package is designed to put out the economic fire that threatens to destroy the U.S. economy .
In the words of Congressman Paul , big government 's piling of all this extra debt onto its citizen 's backs is simply throwing kerosene on the fire .
It will only serve to deepen and lengthen the recession until it officially is declared a depression .
So even if Goliath wins the stimulus battle , David will be proven right in time .
Unfortunately a lot of destruction will have to go on in the meantime .
Sources : Ron Paul , , Texas Straight Talk .
Jack Crooks , , Money and Markets .
Barbara is a school psychologist , a published author in the area of personal finance , a breast cancer survivor using " alternative " treatments , a born existentialist , and a student of nature and all things natural .
48 hours ago in Hanoi , Vietnam .
( Photo : Matt Mullenweg )
“ Tweet To Beat could generate help for thousands of students in high - need public schools .
My colleagues and I are cheering you on ! ”
- Charles Best , CEO of DonorsChoose.org
The Ethical Bribe
The gist :
To benefit U.S. public school students , I will bribe the entire world to follow me on Twitter for $ 3 each .
I ’ll also be giving away a round - trip ticket anywhere in the world and a fully - loaded MacBook Pro .
But first things first …
This is “ Tweet to Beat ” , a follow - up experiment to LitLiberation , which was a campaign by bloggers and their readers , and CEOs and their employees , to spread the power of literacy worldwide .
It was a new fundraising model based on competition and social media scalability , and it funded not only US public school projects ( 20,000 + students ) but also libraries and schools in developing countries .
I ’m in Vietnam with readers right now to visit two of the schools .
With zero financing or hard costs , this model ended up raising more than $ 250,000 in less than a month , 3 x more than Stephen Colbert during that same period .
The Experiment
I think that was just the tip of the iceberg , and Twitter is the perfect laboratory for a new - and - improved approach ( at least with a few variables ) .
It ’s public and therefore accountable , it ’s trackable , it allows exclusive communication with followers when needed ( “ protect my updates ” under settings ) , and it ’s current media popularity makes it the ideal PR vehicle for this campaign .
Last but not least , though this experiment has no victims , produces no spam , nor violates the Twitter Terms of Service , this alternative use will get some purists hot and bothered .
Here ’s how the Tweet to Beat campaign works :
1 ) For every new Twitter follower in the next two weeks , I will donate $ 1 to DonorsChoose.org , and an anonymous supporter will match $ 2 , for a total of $ 3 to U.S. public school classrooms per follower .
For now , the matching limit is tentatively capped at 50,000 new followers , though I ’m open to increasing it later .
50,000 new followers would mean $ 150,000 to U.S. public school education , and I hope to double or triple this total with a few twists .
The goal is directly helping 25,000 U.S. public school students in low - income and high - need areas in two weeks .
This timeline is half the time dedicated to LitLiberation .
My current follower count is , at the time of this writing , 22,782 , so we ’ll round down and begin the count at 22,500 .
Every Twitter follower will also get :
- 6 months of RescueTime ’s Pro time tracking tools for free ( Normal price : $ 48 ) .
Just install it with no data entry and know exactly how you spend your time .
Set thresholds , alarms , or use it for an entire business team .
Full disclosure : I am now an investor in RescueTime , as I think they ’re the best out there .
- 6 months of DropBox ’s Pro 50 GB account for free .
( Normal price : $ 60 ) This is a reader favorite .
Sync your files automatically to your computers and the web ; sign in and access your files from any browser or mobile device .
It ’s the world ’s easiest back - up and syncing service .
- 6 months of PhoneTag Alpha , the latest voicemail transcription service , for free ( Normal price : $ 60 ) .
This is closed to the public and an exclusive for Tim Ferriss followers (! ) .
Read voicemail on your mobile phone , portable device and / or e-mail .
Forget about phone interruptions and suffering through long - winded voicemails .
Total value : $ 168 to each follower .
2 ) There is a simultaneous competition for those who would like to spread the word .
Just do the best you can ( Facebook , blog , e-mail friends , FriendFeed , add to your e-mail signature , tell local media , etc. ) and detail what you did in the comments here .
Tell your friends who are teachers and encourage them to do the same .
Bonus points go to people who act sooner vs. later .
Deadline for comments is 3/30/09 at 3:30 pm PST .
If you ’re able , I suggest you use a service like http://bit.ly to get a unique URL for this post so you can track clicks on your individual link as you promote it .
Click - throughs are more important than “ exposure ” .
Here are a few links you can use :
www.twitter.com/tferriss
https://www.fourhourworkweek.com/blog/2009/03/09/tweet-to-beat/
http://bit.ly/tldW
( shortened URL for this post )
Not sure of what to say ?
Here ’s the simple version for Facebook status and other channels :
“ The Tweet to Beat – Paying $ 3 per Twitter follower : http://bit.ly/tldW”
Just get them to this post using curiosity and let the post do the convincing .
For more promotional tactics that work , see the comments from this past competition .
The prizes :
Grand Prize : Round - trip ticket anywhere in the world Continental Airlines or one of their OnePass partners fly .
This is pretty much everywhere on earth .
Redeem the ticket anytime within 10 years , so no rush .
If you prefer the 2nd - place prize , opt for it and the 2nd - place winner will get the round - trip ticket .
2nd-Place Prize : Brand - new condition 15 ″ MacBook Pro and laptop backpack with the following specs , donated by direct marketing expert Joe Polish ( his Richard Branson interview here ) :
15 ″ MB PRO 2.6GHZ 2GB / 200 / SD APPLE $ 2,794.00
UPG 4GB PC2-5300 DDR2 SODIMM W / INSTL
ADD 2GB ( 1X2GB ) PC2-5300 DDR2-667 SODIMM
APPLECARE PROTECTION PLAN -MACBOOK PRO $ 349.00
PACE 15.4 ″ ( BLUE ) LAPTOP BACKPACK EVERKI $ 29.99
How Little Does It Take ?
I hope you choose to participate and make a difference .
Karmic capitalism does n’t take much .
Taking an hour to mentor a child , sending a single e-mail , or following someone on Twitter — remember that the small things are often what have the biggest impact , as we actually do them .
Please spread the word and further the experiment .
I ’ll share all of the results so others can duplicate them with non-profits worldwide .
Interested in doing more ?
Please consider donating a few dollars directly to U.S. classrooms near you through DonorsChoose.org .
“ One of the great movements in my lifetime among educated people is the need to commit themselves to action . ”
- Peter Drucker
Related and Recommended
The Tim Ferriss
Show is one of the most popular podcasts in the world with more than 500 million downloads .
It has been selected for " Best of Apple Podcasts " three times , it is often the # 1 interview podcast across all of Apple Podcasts , and it 's been ranked # 1 out of 400,000 + podcasts on many occasions .
To listen to any of the past episodes for free , check out this page .
Concept cars , dream machines and technology - packed prototypes give us hints of what the future holds for bikers , drivers , sailors and flyers – many have even gone into production little changed from their showpiece status .
Here are 15 that have not , though they live on in our imaginations .
Buick ’s Y - Job : Pre-war Predicter
( image via : Edmunds )
Arguably one of the first concept cars worthy of the name , the 1938 Buick Y - Job was a ray of bright sunshine beaming through the gathering clouds of war .
Longer , lower and wider than anything the US automakers had ever sold before , the Y - Job also boasted advanced technology that , along with its swoopy good looks , would appear on many of GM ’s most memorable post - war offerings .
Only one Y - Job was made … to which we have to ask , Y ?
The Big E : Ford ’s Better Idea ?
( images via : Blue Oval Forums and How Stuff Works )
The 1958 Edsel is the poster child for corporate failure .
After tantalizing the public with a massive marketing campaign over many months , Ford finally delivered an over - achieving understatement .
The Edsel was n’t really that bad , it just was n’t what people were led to believe .
Perhaps if Ford ’s designers had n’t surrendered to the bean counters things would have worked out differently .
( image via : GM Insider News )
Then again , perhaps it ’s better to let sleeping dogs lie ; Ford has enough troubles as it is .
Highways of the Mind
( images via : Arutha and Special - Classics )
Early concept cars were much wilder than those of today yet still created a real sense of possibilities for the future .
Above are just a few of these magnificent dream machines that flew off designers ’ drawing boards and into our collective imaginations .
The red cruiser topmost , it should be noted , is the Ford Nucleon … which was to be powered by an on - board nuclear reactor !
Not quite “ Mr. Fusion ” but can you imagine the high - speed crashes ?
We ’re All Auto - Pilots
( image via : Primary Sources / Newsvine )
Back in the Fabulous Fifties , anything seemed possible and with production cars looking more and more like 4 - wheeled jets , the next step was obvious : actual flying cars !
No need to worry about traffic issues , all that mundane stuff will be worked out in due time … one would hope .
It ’ll Go Over Like a Lead Zeppelin
( image via : Fiddler ’s Green )
Band name brainstorming and Mythbusters lead foil balloon - making aside , the Personal Airship was once everyman ’s dream ride .
One man in particular , Brazilian aviation pioneer Alberto Santos - Dumont , actually built a working model he used as his very own airborne “ car ” in brass - age Paris .
Do n’t Be a Wimp , Fly in a Blimp !
( image via : Paleo - Future )
A German chocolate company named Hildebrands of Santos - Dumont ’s time was so sure airships were going to be the minivans of the future , they issued a series of turn - of - the - century postcards illustrating the brave new world of 2000 !
The Future : It ’s a Gas !
( images via : Dark Roasted Blend and Soviet Poster )
After the Zeppelin concept had proved itself and notwithstanding the 1937 Hindenburg disaster , visionary designers foresaw all things bright and beautiful for bigger and better airships .
Others pushed the envelope past bombastic into the realm of the bizarre .
Snow Fooling
( images via : The Propeller - Driven Sleigh and Oobject )
Snowmobiles have a little - known history that goes back nearly a century .
Canada and Russia ( naturally ) pioneered what later would be known as the Ski-Doo , with the Soviets crafting a number of different armed aerosleds that were used in the 1939 - 40 Winter War with Finland .
Killer Cycle , Qu’est-ce Que C’est ??
( images via : AllPosters and Steam Punk )
Bicycles are coming back into style , partially as a reaction to the hype about Global Warming , and some very futuristic models have attracted attention .
Flash back to a time when bikes pretty much had the roads ( such as they were ) to themselves and you ’ll also find some very forward - thinking designs .
One of the most interesting is the Monocycle , basically a big wheel one sat inside .
Wonder why it did n’t catch on ?
It most definitely works – monocycles ( not unicycles ) can be bought at several retail stores .
Here ’s a short video of a motorized monocycle in action :
Tanks for the Memories
( images via : Armchair General and Dark Roasted Blend )
In the interwar era ( 1919 - 1939 ) a number of odd designs were penned that seeked to amalgamate the two most promising military technologies : the airplane and the tank .
The results were what might expect for a flying tank – and definitely looked much better on paper .
Saucerful of Secrets
( images via : Kaptain Kobold and Nazi Flying Saucers Part II )
Flying saucers that fly through airspace – not outer space – go back more than 60 years to secret research conducted in Nazi Germany .
Today , fan - powered saucers are indeed practical though news stories announcing home versions always seem to be labeled “ coming soon ” .
( images via : WW2 Aircraft and Nazi UFOs )
Here are a few more Nazi saucers , an integral component of an odd mythos that includes a secret U - boat base in Antarctica .
An actual American mission led by Admiral Byrd , Operation Highjump , was conducted in 1946 with the stated purpose of mapping the Antarctic coastline .
According to conspiracy theorists , however , it was an unsuccessful effort to eliminate the Nazi sub & saucer base at “ New Berlin ” .
As unusual as these retrofuturistic vehicles seem , it ’s likely their designers would be even more amazed by today ’s real modes of transportation … well , not counting the flying saucers .
Imagine a self - powering cell phone that never needs to be charged because it converts sound waves produced by the user into the energy it needs to keep running .
It 's not as far - fetched as it may seem thanks to the recent work of Tahir Cagin , a professor in the Artie McFerrin Department of Chemical Engineering at Texas A&M University .
Utilizing materials known in scientific circles as " piezoelectrics , " Cagin , whose research focuses on nanotechnology , has made a significant discovery in the area of power harvesting – a field that aims to develop self - powered devices that do not require replaceable power supplies , such as batteries .
Specifically , Cagin and his partners from the University of Houston have found that a certain type of piezoelectric material can covert energy at a 100 percent increase when manufactured at a very small size – in this case , around 21 nanometers in thickness .
What 's more , when materials are constructed bigger or smaller than this specific size they show a significant decrease in their energy - converting capacity , he said .
His findings , which are detailed in an article published this fall in Physical Review B , the scientific journal of the American Physical Society , could have potentially profound effects for low - powered electronic devices such as cell phones , laptops , personal communicators and a host of other computer - related devices used by everyone from the average consumer to law enforcement officers and even soldiers in the battlefield .
Many of these high - tech devices contain components that are measured in nanometers – a microscopic unit of measurement representing one - billionth of a meter .
Atoms and molecules are measured in nanometers , and a human hair is about 100,000 nanometers wide .
Though Cagin 's subject matter is small , its impact could be huge .
His discovery stands to advance an area of study that has grown increasingly popular due to consumer demand for compact portable and wireless devices with extended lifespans .
Battery life remains a major concern for popular mp3 players and cell phones that are required to perform an ever - expanding array of functions .
But beyond mere consumer convenience , self - powering devices are of major interest to several federal agencies .
The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency has investigated methods for soldiers in the field to generate power for their portable equipment through the energy harvested from simply walking .
And sensors – such as those used to detect explosives – could greatly benefit from a self - powering technology that would reduce the need for the testing and replacing of batteries .
" Even the disturbances in the form of sound waves such as pressure waves in gases , liquids and solids may be harvested for powering nano - and micro devices of the future if these materials are processed and manufactured appropriately for this purpose , " Cagin said .
Key to this technology , Cagin explained , are piezoelectrics .
Derived from the Greek word " piezein , " which means " to press , " piezoelectrics are materials ( usually crystals or ceramics ) that generate voltage when a form of mechanical stress is applied .
Conversely , they demonstrate a change in their physical properties when an electric field is applied .
Discovered by French scientists in the 1880s , piezoelectrics are n't a new concept .
They were first used in sonar devices during World War I .
Today they can be found in microphones and quartz watches .
Cigarette lighters in automobiles also contain piezoelectrics .
Pressing down the lighter button causes impact on a piezoelectric crystal that in turn produces enough voltage to create a spark and ignite the gas .
On a grander scale , some night clubs in Europe feature dance floors built with piezoelectrics that absorb and convert the energy from footsteps in order to help power lights in the club .
And it 's been reported that a Hong Kong gym is using the technology to convert energy from exercisers to help power its lights and music .
While advances in those applications continue to progress , piezoelectric work at the nanoscale is a relatively new endeavor with different and complex aspects to consider , said Cagin .
For example , imagine going from working with a material the size and shape of a telephone post to dealing with that same material the size of a hair , he said .
When such a significant change in scale occurs , materials react differently .
In this case , something the size of a hair is much more pliable and susceptible to change from its surrounding environment , Cagin noted .
These types of changes have to be taken into consideration when conducting research at this scale , he said .
" When materials are brought down to the nanoscale dimension , their properties for some performance characteristics dramatically change , " said Cagin who is a past recipient of the prestigious Feynman Prize in Nanotechnology .
" One such example is with piezoelectric materials .
We have demonstrated that when you go to a particular length scale – between 20 and 23 nanometers – you actually improve the energy - harvesting capacity by 100 percent .
" We 're studying basic laws of nature such as physics and we 're trying to apply that in terms of developing better engineering materials , better performing engineering materials .
We 're looking at chemical constitutions and physical compositions .
And then we 're looking at how to manipulate these structures so that we can improve the performance of these materials . "
Source : Texas A&M University
President Obama said today that U.S. education is in a " relative decline " and that is " untenable for our economy . "
He won applause when he told the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce that bad teachers need to be removed from the classroom and good teachers rewarded with more money .
" We need to make sure our students have the teacher they need to be successful .
That means states and school districts taking steps to move bad teachers out of the classroom .
Let me be clear : if a teacher is given a chance but still does not improve , there is no excuse for that person to continue teaching .
I reject a system that rewards failure and protects a person from its consequences .
The stakes are too high , " Obama said .
Obama summarized the overall state of education this way : " We have let our grades slip , our schools crumble , our teacher quality fall short , and other nations outpace us ...
In 8th grade math , we 've fallen to 9th place .
Singapore 's middle - schoolers outperform ours three to one .
Just a third of our thirteen and fourteen - year olds can read as well as they should .
And year after year , a stubborn gap persists between how well white students are doing compared to their African American and Latino classmates . "
He added : " It is time to give all Americans a complete and competitive education from the cradle up through a career . "
Obama proposed more charter schools and a new " challenge grant " for states that raise the quality of their early learning programs .
He said schools should consider longer school days and school years , and challenged states to raise their academic standards .
" Our curriculum for eighth graders is two full years behind top performing countries .
That is a prescription for economic decline , " he said .
Also :
Today 's system of fifty different sets of benchmarks for academic success means 4th grade readers in Mississippi are scoring nearly 70 points lower than students in Wyoming -- and getting the same grade .
Eight of our states are setting their standards so low that their students may end up on par with roughly the bottom 40 % of the world .
That is inexcusable , and that is why I am calling on states that are setting their standards far below where they ought to be to stop low - balling expectations for our kids .
The solution to low test scores is not lower standards -- it 's tougher , clearer standards .
Standards like those in Massachusetts , where 8th graders are now tying for first -- first -- in the world in science .
( cheers from the Massachusetts contingent )
Click here to read a fact sheet the White House posted today on Obama 's education plan .
Click here to read the speech as delivered .
( Posted by Jill Lawrence )
Over 400 years ago polygamy was declared illegal in England and Wales .
Weakened by multiculturalism and its evil twin political correctness - along with the European Union 's ludicrous anti-indigenous Human Rights Legislation - British Ministers now find it is " too politically sensitive " to curb a thousand muslim men ( and counting ) living in the UK -- guilty of polygamy -- and using their multiple wives to milk the British benefit system .
Just more evidence that hundreds of years of British laws and culture are continually being tossed in the legal and cultural dustbin as a result of the rampant muslim colonization / Islamisation of Britain .
Perhaps these dhimmified ministers also want to abide by Britain accepted Sharia Law ?
" Ministers decided not to force through plans to cut benefits to hundreds of polygamous families in the UK after officials advised that the move would be too politically sensitive .
" LINK
Too bad these same ministers did n't spend more time addressing the crisis of 3000 young muslim women who fall victim to forced marriages per year in Britain OR recall the devastation and humiliation that young model , Sahar Daftary , felt when she discovered her new husband already had a wife ( plus an ex-wife ) & children .
Sahar plunged 150 ' to her " suspicious " suicidal death .
Apparently the ministers prefer to pander to greedy over - sexed muslim males .
" A recent review by four Government departments - the Treasury , the Work and Pensions Department , the Inland Revenue and the Home Office - has concluded that 1,000 men in the United Kingdom are now polygamists , although some say the figure is higher .
What is more , the review found , a Muslim man can claim state support of more than £ 10,000 a year to keep his wives , if the wedding took place in one of those countries where polygamy is commonplace , such as Bangladesh , Pakistan , India , Saudi Arabia and across huge tracts of Africa .
For example , a man can receive &£ 92.80 a week in income support for wife number one , and a further £ 33.65 p for each of his subsequent spouses .
Therefore , if he has four wives - the maximum permitted under Islamic teachings - he can claim nearly £ 800 a month from the British taxpayer .
Controversially , a polygamist is also entitled to more generous housing benefits and bigger council houses to reflect the large size of his family .
He is also able to claim £ 1,000 a year in child benefit for each of his growing brood . "
A nurse , out on the frontlines of the " muslim enriched " Tower Hamlets area of East London , tells of polygamy being commonplace there :
An NHS district nurse working in Tower Hamlets , East London , explained that it was now commonplace .
He said he knew of a Bangladeshi - born male patient with two wives and 13 children aged between three months and 15 years .
' The women have council flats , each paid for by the local authority .
The elderly husband collects benefits for both women , who are in their 30s .
The wives speak very little English , but they are in and out of each other 's flats and are friends .
' On more than one occasion when I have been called to the flats to give treatment to the old man , I have heard them talking in the kitchen and even taking each other 's children to the park . '
The male nurse said this family set - up was not unusual .
' I know of others that comprise of one husband , a number of wives and numerous children .
' It is not difficult to conclude that if there were no state benefits , a man could not afford to live like this , especially here in London .
' The system is at fault .
The men want more wives for their sexual pleasure , but also because it is lucrative . '
Just like the plethora of killer diseases that have been brought into Britain via immigration from Third World countries , undoubtedly the British government would have rathered the public be kept in the dark regarding the plundering of taxpayer 's coffers by muslim polygamists .
Instead it is clear that the British taxpayer ( who would be guilty of a crime for having multiple spouses ) is subsidizing muslim polygamy and muslim men are allowed to finagle the system .
Taxpayer financed muslim POPULATION JIHAD continues on warp speed in the UK .
For LINK to main article go HERE
by Deborah Ng
I do n’t know about you , but I always get a little nervous when I ’m doing a live interview .
I find that if I do n’t prepare properly , my listeners receive dead air and “ umms … ” and “ ers … ” instead of useful information .
As most of our hosts know , hosting a podcast or online radio show is all trial and error .
Though it ’s always good to learn as we go , it ’s not good to choke during an interview .
With that , I give you this :
10 Interview Tips for Podcasters
1 . Touch base with your interview subject beforehand –
It ’s a good practice to contact your guest before hand to discuss the interview .
Find out if he has any upcoming projects , or even if there ’s something in particular he ’d like to talk about .
If there ’s a topic that is off limits , you ’ll want to know that as well in order to avoid an uncomfortable situation .
Let him know some of the things you ’d like to talk about , and find out if it ’s OK to open the phones to callers .
Touching base with your interview subject before the show saves you from surprises later .
2. Create a list of questions before the show – Do n’t go in cold .
Write down every thing you ’d like to ask before hand – even if you have too many questions .
You want to avoid dead air so make sure you have plenty of material on hand .
3 . Do lots of research –
In the days before your interview , learn as much about your guest as possible .
Try and go beyond the obvious .
For instance , it ’s one thing to talk about your guest ’s book but what about that unusual nickname he had in high school ?
Or how about the fact that she coaches her son ’s ice hockey team ?
Do n’t seek answers people already know , find the fun and unusual details that make an entertaining interview .
4 . Give the folks in the chatroom and forums a chance to ask questions –
If you ’re opening the chatrooms or have a forum going , invite your listeners to ask questions too .
Sometimes the most thought - provoking questions do n’t come from your own list .
5 . Announce the interview beforehand and invite your listeners to email questions – Use your blog and show description pages to your benefit .
Build community and create interest in the interview by inviting potential listeners to send in questions before hand .
Who does n’t like to hear his or her name mentioned on the air ?
6 . Do n’t ask yes or no questions –
Try asking the questions that go beyond a simple yes or no answer .
Sometimes guests are n’t so forthcoming with their information .
Find topics that ca n’t be answered with one word .
If necessary , ask your guest to expand upon his answer .
7 . Keep a list of “ universal questions ” handy – I have a list of what I call “ universal ” questions .
For instance “ What advice would you give someone starting out in ________ ” or “ What are some common mistakes people make when ________ ” ?
Think about questions you can ask everyone who visits , and keep them at the ready … just in case .
8 . Keep a pen and paper handy –
As your guest talks , take notes and ask any additional questions .
9 . Choose interview subjects that interest you – Do n’t bring on a guest just for the sake of having a guest .
Choose someone who appeals to you and your audience , and has something interesting to say .
If you do n’t find your guest appealing , it will show in the interview .
10 .
Always allow a minute for shameless self promotion – Invite guests to plug their latest projects .
They most likely agreed to be interviewed because they want the promotion .
Always offer your guest a couple of minutes and then say ” thank you ” for taking the time to meet with you .
And a bonus – Be a good listener .
Of course your job is to ask questions , but let your interview subject talk and get his point across without interruption .
You might be gung ho to get to the next question , but your listeners will want to hear the entire response .
What are your favorite interview tips ?
By Hannah Barnes
BBC Radio 5 Live
It 's not known how many women use male escorts
It 's not just men who pay prostitutes to sleep with them .
For some women , paying for sex is more convenient than cruising bars and clubs trying to find men .
" They do n't want to be found out .
They want to do something private - it's their own world , a part of their life that they want to be secret . "
Nicole runs a high - class escort agency in the West Midlands , whose clients include women as well as men .
Her male escorts host " in-calls " for female clients at a large country cottage , three quarters of a mile away from the nearest town .
The exterior gives no clue as to what goes on inside and instead looks more like a French chalet .
Male escorts know that some of their clients are n't single .
One says some women do n't think paying for sex is cheating , in the same way that having an affair would be .
FIND OUT MORE ...
The Jonathan Maitland show is on BBC Radio 5 Live on Sunday 1 March at 2000 GMT
Or download the free podcast
For women who are attached , the risks of going to a bar or a public place to meet a man are often seen as too high , and so having a discreet hide - away can be crucial .
" They need to be coming to somewhere where they wo n't be seen by somebody passing who knows them or a neighbour , " Nicole says .
When Catarina took the decision to see an escort , she was petrified .
" I did n't think I 'd ever want to see an escort .
I always thought it was other people who did that kind of thing - not somebody like myself . "
But she is just one of an unknown number of women in the UK who are willing to pay for sex .
Born with a disability , sex had always been painful and uncomfortable for Catarina .
Her ex-boyfriends had made her feel guilty about not being able to enjoy sex , and left her confidence at rock bottom .
Superman role - play Andrew changed that .
After just one session , Catarina says she felt " high as a kite " .
" I was able to have sex that was completely pain - free .
My self - esteem grew .
My confidence grew .
If it was n't for Andrew I would n't be where I am today .
I would n't be as confident as I am , as sexually aware as I am .
I think I grew up as well . "
The inside of the agency looks like a normal house
It 's not just women who have a disability or partners at home that are choosing to pay for sex , rather than cruising night clubs or bars for male company .
Catarina 's escort , Andrew Rosetta , has written a book about his 10 - year career called Whatever She Wants and he says women come to him for the chance to be selfish .
Sitting in his plush flat in London 's West End , which he owns outright thanks to his sex work , he recalls a solicitor who used to be a regular client .
" She 's very articulate , bright - she 's a partner in her firm .
But after session three she told me this guilty secret : that she 'd really like to take advantage of Superman .
" I would arrive at her house in a suit .
I 'd go along in glasses ; underneath my suit is a Superman outfit and we would go through this role - play .
" She would at one point bring out a green rock on a chain which was kryptonite - that makes Superman begin to lose his power .
And of course when Superman loses his power , he 's available to be taken advantage of . "
It 's no more seedy than somebody going out to a bar , getting a bit drunk and then ending up going home with a complete stranger
Escort Daniel
Male escorts say women choose to pay for sex for all types of reasons - to gain sexual confidence , to experiment and some are busy business women who just do n't have the time to meet men .
Daniel has been working part - time as an escort in London for the last year , lured by the prospect of making some extra cash in the economic downturn .
He was educated at one of the city 's best private schools , and like Andrew is highly articulate .
" It 's no more seedy than somebody going out to a bar , getting a bit drunk and then ending up going home with a complete stranger .
What 's the difference ?
With what I do , you know what you 're getting , there 's no illusion .
You pay your money .
You get what you get .
You meet some guy at the bar , you do n't know what you get - he could be anyone . "
So how much do these services cost ?
In London the top straight male escorts charge at least £ 100 per hour - often more .
But Nicole says that in the West Midlands , the men on her books offer rates of around £ 60 because of a shortage of work at the moment .
In this economic climate , times are tough , even for the male escort .
Some of the names of people interviewed for this article have been changed to protect their identities .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Two junior high school teachers in Utah have been arrested for allegedly sexually assaulting the same 13 - year old boy , according to a newspaper report .
The inappropriate student - teacher relationships involved Utah studies teacher and cheerleading adviser Linda R. Nef , 46 and Valynne Bowers , 39 , a math teacher , the Salt Lake Tribune reported .
Both Bountiful Jr. High teachers did not know the other was carrying on an affair with the student until recently , Bountiful Police Lt. Randy Pickett told the Tribune .
Nef reportedly met with police and said that she had been having sex with the boy for over a year , police said .
She then told police about the boy 's subsequent relationship with Bowers , who later confirmed it .
Pickett , the police lieutenant , said the teachers exchanged sexual text messages with the boy and that led to phone sex and later , assault .
The assaults occurred off campus , he said .
Sharing demographic information to eliminate redundant data entry
Automatically informing the nurse in the exam room area when a patient is ready for his / her appointment to save staff time
Creating an electronic superbill that is populated with ICD - 9 and CPT - 4 codes based on the provider 's SOAP notes
With the latest Medisoft release , McKesson now offers , a complete practice management / electronic medical record ( PM / EMR ) software solution that works seamlessly together to minimize practice disruption .
Medisoft Clinical combines the practice management features of Medisoft v15 with a fully functional EMR at a price point geared to smaller physician practices like yours .
Which , you get the latest in practice management automation without alot of hassle and at a price you can afford .
Experience the best both worlds with a combined PM / EMR solution that enables your offices to easily perform important office tasks like :
Call us now at 888-691-8058 or 941-743-6666 for more info or to order now .
Gimme Gimme 1999 Archive
Jan-Jun 2000 Archive
Jul - Dec 2000 Archive 1
Jul - Dec 2000 Archive 2
Jan-Dec 2001 Archive
2002 Archive
Jan-Jul 2003 Archive
Jul - Dec 2003 Archive
Jan - Jun 2004 Archive
Jul - Dec 2004 Archive
Jan-Jun 2005 Archive
Jul - Dec 2005 Archive
Jan -Jun 2007 Archive Wedding Fund- raisers 2000 Archive
1999 Archive
While I was at my SO ’s house a couple of weekends ago , he received a small envelope in the mail .
It was hand written , but he did not recognize the writing .
Upon opening it , 3 tiny pieces of paper fell out .
He reads the card inside … turns it over …re - reads it … then re-reads it again .
He handed it to me and asked if I recognized the names on the card and I told him no .
Then he asked me to read it and tell him what I thought .
It is an invitation to a celebration picnic .
It seems this couple is getting married one weekend , and having a gift picnic the next .
The papers that fell out were 1 ) What food item we were to bring to the picnic , 2 ) what GIFT we were to bring , and 3 ) the website they were registered on !!!
Turns out , this was someone my SO had met while kayaking with a group of his friends on a couple of occasions … he ’d never even MET the fiancée , and he ’d never done anything socially with the groom OTHER than the kayaking !!!
I ’ve read stories on your website similar to this and wondered how ANYBODY could be so gauche !!
Well , now I ’ve seen the real deal … first hand …. and am STILL incredulous !!!
Gimme0711-07
I work at a medium sized office of about 100 people .
While we all generally know each other , for a lot of us it 's just basically to nod " hello " at each other in the kitchen .
Imagine my surprise when this e-mail landed from a co-worker into my mailbox yesterday ...
Do you like parties ?
Do you like games ?
Do you like to win prizes ?
Do you like food ?
Do you like drinks ?
Do you like music ?
If you have answered yes to any of these , then I invite you to my Jack and Jill on Saturday September 15th beginning 7:30 pm in the quaint little town of XXXX !
Tickets are $ 10 per person or $ 15 per couple .
Come see me for tickets and directions if you 're interested !
If I have forgotten anyone , please forward this email on !
Thanks !
I ignored it , chuckling to myself at the tackiness of the whole thing , bearing in mind I barely knew this girl .
Then the over - the - top kicker ?
A follow up e-mail from the bride - to - be this morning .
It really does speak for itself ...
Ok .
So , XXXX is a little bit far away for people to go .
That 's cool with me , I just thought I 'd extend the invitation !
So how about this ...... if you can't come , how about buying a ticket anyway ?
Support the cause ?
The " ( insert name of Bridezilla ) Desperately Needs Help Paying For Her Wedding " fund ?
Its not an official charity , and you wo n't get a tax receipt , but I assure you the profiting party ( me ) will be eternally grateful .
After the long weekend , please see XXXX if you choose to support my charity .
Thanks ! :)
Tacky , tacky , tacky !
Gimme0830 - 07
If I had discovered your site sooner , I would have contributed this a long time ago .
Alas .
In any event , my step - cousin ( the granddaughter of my grandmother 's second husband ; that 's what you 'd call her , right ? ) got married a few years ago to a nice guy ; we 'll call them " Eliza " and " Jake . "
The ceremony was elaborate , the dress was beautiful and the reception enjoyable .
The fact that my mother and I were attending a wedding for newly - acquired family members was also a nice promotion of familial unity considering we had n't even met these people until about two years before .
All - in - all , it was a nice occasion that had , apparently , cost the bride 's family 20,000 dollars ( according to the MOB , anyway ) .
The breach of etiquette ( and all around human decency ) did n't occur until later that year when we found out that the MOB , her younger daughter ( not the bride ) and two of her siblings were trying to swindle their dear , loving father out of everything he had ever earned to get herself out of wedding - debt .
My step - grandfather , unfortunately , began suffering the effects of Alzheimer 's not too long after his eldest granddaughter had gotten married and , seeing an opportunity , the relatives began swooping in for his rental properties , money , etc .
The MOB ( who , by this time , is beginning to seem more like an SOB ) even tried to have her father declared incompetent so that she could name herself in charge of his finances and property !
Luckily for my step - grandfather , he had married my grandmother a couple of years before , which named HER next of kin .
Thus , she won the petition to become his legal guardian / executor / whatever you call it .
Since then , most of my step - grandfather 's family has been cut out of his life , including ALL three of his children and both of his grandchildren ( even though the bride did n't have anything to do with the fiasco , as far as we know , she apparently sided with her mother over her grandfather ) .
The ( sadly ) funny thing is that my grandmother ( a Bible - thumpin ' Southern Baptist who has a judgmental streak a few thousand miles long ) thought that her husband 's family was a great improvement over her own ( lack of faith in her children / grandchildren is one her many " endearing " qualities , apparently ) .
Well , you can say a lot about how imperfect WE are , but we 've never tried to rip her ( or anyone else ) off .
We 're moral like that .
Gimme0913 - 07
My story is actually about my cousin , “ Penny ” .
When Penny was getting married , my parents received an invitation from her , but not any one of their children .
I figured , “ No problem .
She is probably on a tight budget . ”
However , I found out later that her brother did not receive an invitation and neither did her mother .
My mother and I figured out that Penny only sent invitations to those that can afford expensive wedding gifts or give away large sums of money .
Needless to say , my parents did not attend the wedding .
And the kicker from this bride - from - hell ?
Penny told all her friends that her mother was dead ( not true , my aunt is alive and kicking ! ) .
Gimme1017 -07
I attended a wedding with my ex boyfriend in which his new sister - in - law went from a nice , sweet girl to a greedy gift - grabber within weeks of her marriage .
The bride and groom had recently graduated from college , moved to a new city and started new jobs .
Since they had only been working for a few months at the time of their wedding , money was a little tight .
My then - boyfriend stayed with them for two nights one weekend on a business layover about a month and a half before the wedding .
Knowing that they were having a hard time financially , he bought over $ 100 in groceries during his stay and went with them on their wedding - related errands during which he paid off the balance on several items .
All told , he paid over $ 300 in wedding expenses that weekend , along with footing their grocery bill .
Their wedding was scheduled for a few weeks before the holidays .
Between buying Christmas presents for family and his children , paying for airfare to attend the wedding and a post - wedding family cruise with the bride and groom and the groom 's parents , and moving to a new apartment in January we did not have the funds to purchase a wedding present for them right away .
We told them that we would send them a present shortly after the New Year .
The bride and groom understood our financial circumstances and stated that they did not mind waiting a few months after the wedding for a gift ( which makes sense , since my understanding is that guests customarily have up to a year after the wedding to buy a gift ) .
On the cruise , my boyfriend and I realized that the newlyweds were struggling to afford shore excursions and other expenses not included in the price of the cruise .
We were spending a little less than we had budgeted for and gave them $ 100 to help them enjoy their honeymoon .
Within weeks after the wedding and cruise , the bride called her mother - in - law ( also my ex boyfriend 's mother ) and spent 20 minutes complaining about the fact that they still had not received a wedding gift from us and calling us selfish and rude .
His mother found her rant shocking , and called my then - boyfriend .
Given the fact that we had financed several hundred dollars of their wedding expenses , flown across the country to attend their wedding , and then given them money on their honeymoon I was appalled that the bride found it acceptable to gripe about a delay in giving them their " official " wedding present .
As far as I know , my ex and his sister in law are still not speaking to one another .
Gimme1112 -07
My fiancé and I received the following letter today , from Macy's .
We are completely appalled at how tacky this is !
Corporate offices will be hearing from us .
Dear Kxxx and Cxxxxxx , Your wedding is quickly approaching , so I just wanted to touch base with you to see how things are going .
If you would provide a list of your key gift givers , I could then contact them and assist with gift choices , making sure that they are aware of any current store sales and promotions .
If I may be of assistance , or if you have any questions regarding your registry , please do not hesitate to contact me at xxx - xxx - xxxx .
I 'm happy to help .
Best wishes to you both !
Sincerely , xxxxx x. xxxx Gift Registry Consultant Gimme0408-08
My friend ‘ Emily ’ recently went to a huge , beautiful wedding in London for a university friend , where the best man announced during the speeches that the couple had been married for 2 years !
There were no particular issues behind this ; they ’d just decided to get married one day , done it at a registry office , and then not told anyone .
Two years later , they wanted a big white wedding , so their parents paid for one , thinking it was the first .
This was also a civil service , which suggests they may have misled the registrar ( in the UK , you ca n’t have 2 civil services ) .
People flew in from America and continental Europe , put up in expensive hotels , and bought presents from the wedding list , then watched the groom and his bride with her huge dress , 6 BMs etc , not have a real wedding .
Apparently this announcement did n’t go down too well , but the couple were n’t embarrassed at all .
Em drank the champagne , enjoyed the dancing , and left , giving them her good wishes and not taking it to heart .
Her next wedding invitation then contained a poem saying ‘ we do n’t want a kettle or a toaster , we want you to pay off our mortgage ’ .
She usually gives people beautiful , hand - made wedding presents , but oddly enough in both these cases , she did n’t bother .
Gimme0417 -08
One of my sorority sisters got married in late December .
During the fall semester , she sent out invitations to her wedding - to EVERYONE in the sorority .
While I though it was nice that she include everyone , I thought it was a bit odd since she is not close friends with all 100 girls .
Our new members , who just joined as a part of fall recruitment also thought it was a bit odd that she invited them , who she had just met , and would only have known her 5 months at the time of the wedding .
We wrote it off as politeness and a big wedding budget and left it alone .
But since she invited so many of us to her out of town wedding , it did n't take long for the rumors to circulate that she was only inviting the chapter for the gifts .
Then came the showers .
She had two that I know of .
Now I understand if your families live in opposite ends of the country , or if you coworkers want to throw an office only type of bash - but this was not the case .
One shower , was hosted by her family , and friends ( besides bridal party ) were not invited .
The other shower was hosted by the bridal party - or rather the bridesmaids that were members of our sorority .
This was the shower that the chapter was invited too .
Maybe having a sorority only shower is similar to a work shower - but to me if the bridesmaids are hosting a shower it should be THE shower - especially since we are in the same city as the families .
Also , I felt bad that three girls in college were going to have to pay to feed the 100 members of our chapter ( who needs a shower that big anyway ? )
What made it even tackier was the fact that the shower invites were on Facebook .
For those of you not familiar - Facebook is a social networking site similar to MySpace where members have profiles , add friends , and post pictures and activities .
When I had n't RSVPed to the wedding , I got a message again via Facebook asking if I could please let her know if I was still coming to the wedding .
I had just gotten out of the hospital and could n't find the invitation so I stooped to her level ( sad , I know , but I was at a low point - not to mention I did n't even have her phone number - we were n't close ) .
I sent her Facebook message back that I was sorry I could n't make it but I wished her the best of luck .
I did n't go to the wedding but by the looks of the photo - albums on Facebook - not many other sisters did either .
Oh and I almost forgot - she had a bachelorette party .
But - not everyone was invited to this .
Yes , all the sisters were invited to a shower and the wedding , but not the party .
And guess what -
It was one of those pure romance parties - where they sell sex toys and novelties - hosted by the Bride and her friend and our sorority sister , the MOH - so if anyone bought anything - the Bride and MOH got a piece of the profit !
I think our sorority should hold an etiquette seminar as our next sisterhood activity !
Gimme0123-08
I always thought an engagement ring was a token of the love a couple shares .
Then I heard this story :
They have been married nine years .
He went into debt to buy her an engagement ring .
Every year , she " turns in " the current ring for a bigger , more expensive model .
From his original $ 10,000 ring to her current $ 60,000 rock .
Gimme0303-08
I am currently planning my wedding for June of this year and my father and mother could n't be more excited about it .
Since they are divorced , I asked my father and mother to give me separate lists of the friends and family members that they wanted to invite .
They also agreed that they would pay for their own guests that I did not know or have only met in passing , etc . .
I also reminded them that the cost of each plate was $ 100 so they should seriously consider the amount of people they invite to keep the costs at a minimum .
My mother gave me a list of her family and friends , most of which I knew already .
My father , after much begging , pleading , and reminding , finally gave me a list of guests that was 50 people long !
When I reminded him that he would be paying for the guests he wished to invite , he said that many of the people were just " courtesy invites " because they had invited him to their children 's weddings .
Fine , sending out a few extra invitations to some older people out of state that probably would n't be able to make the trip was fine , as long as my father agreed that if they did attend , he would be paying for the cost of their dinners .
I sat down to lunch with my father after sending out beautiful hand - made save - the - date cards and reminded him how many people I had send cards to from his list and that he needed to have the money for his guests when the reception place sent us the bill .
He then told me that his guests would be bringing checks as gifts to the wedding and that I should SIGN THEM OVER TO HIM after the reception !
I could n't believe what I was hearing !
I told him that not only was that money supposed to be a gift for my fiancé and I to start our new life together , but that not all people bring checks and perhaps the people would bring something off the registry .
He then told me that the checks given by my mother 's guests could be signed over to him so that he could be " square " and not have to pay any money .
Now my father has always been cheap , but this one definitely takes the cake !
Lets just say that my mother had some choice words for her ex-husband after I told her what he had said .
Gimme0207-08
This is a mammoth train wreck of a wedding story .
A four - wedding pileup , to be exact .
My coworker " Jane " had been with her fiancé , " Derek " , for three years .
There were early signs of tackiness from the beginning .
They became engaged and moved in together very quickly , but Derek could not afford a ring because of their mounting debt .
Jane convinced Derek to borrow money from Jane 's parents ( whom a portion of their debt was owed to already ) to pay for a ring .
Derek did so , purchasing the ring , and gave it to Jane .
She made no attempt to disguise her distaste for his choice of ring .
For whatever reason they could not return it so Jane decided to this time hit up Derek 's parents ( whom a portion of their debt was ALSO owed to already ) for a loan to buy her own ring for herself .
She did so and went by herself to purchase her own ring that she enjoyed .
All is well , right ?
Jane 's parents agreed to foot the bill for the wedding and planning began .
They set the date , sent out the invitations , hired caterers , rented ballrooms , yadda yadda .
Two days before the wedding , Jane decided to call it off .
She never gave me a clear reason as to why so I have to assume it was fairly personal .
Jane and Derek decided to keep the gifts they had already received and would just " tell the people who sent gifts not to send anything when we really do get married . "
Oh , fun .
Because of the short notice , Jane 's parents were also left with many deposits and merchandise that could not be returned .
I guess that happens , right ?
A year later and Jane decides she 's up for it again .
This time she agrees to foot the bill herself , despite still being in debt .
Her parents help out some , though .
Date is set , plans are made , invitations are sent , yadda yadda all over again .
Since she was paying for it mostly herself , it was obviously a slightly less upscale wedding than what she had planned a year ago .
This time she makes it all the way to the day of the wedding before deciding to call it off because , direct quote , " It 's not as classy as I wanted it so I 'm going to wait until I can afford the wedding I really want . "
Again , they decide it 's best to keep all of the gifts and just " tell the people who sent gifts not to send anything when we really do get married . "
The tally so far is two rings , zero weddings , two full sets of wedding gifts , and yet more debt .
Sooo they try for a third time , thinking six months is enough time to save up for an entire wedding !
For whatever horrible reason , Jane decides it would be a fabulous idea to pick out a date and send out invitations before she even knows that she will have enough money .
This time she at least has the courtesy to call off the wedding two months in advance , so there 's no wonderfully tacky gift hoarding this time around .
Her reason for canceling ?
Aside from ( again ) not being able to afford it , she was disappointed because NOBODY SEEMED EXCITED ENOUGH ABOUT THE UPCOMING NUPTIALS !!
On a spur of the moment , they decide to head down to the courthouse and get married once and for all .
Jane tells her parents , who lavish them with wedding gifts and are duly excited .
However , Jane still wants that fancy wedding !
Their genius plan ?
They decided to start again saving and planning for another wedding , but are going to keep the fact that they are married a secret from Derek 's entire family and Jane 's extended family .
Nevermind the fact that they see Derek 's family every weekend and Jane 's parents already know .
I ended up relocating before I could see how this train wreck ended , but something tells me she still has n't walked down that aisle ..
Gimme0119-08
I recently received a link to a couple 's wedding website .
It has links with times , dates , locations , and details .
On the gift registry page , there is a Paypal link with the sentence : " Use the donate button below to make a monetary gift directly for the honeymoon with Paypal " .
Wow .
Gimme0615 -08 Page Last Updated October 11 , 2008
President Morales held up a coca leaf at his news conference
Bolivian President Evo Morales has ordered the expulsion of a US diplomat he accused last week of colluding with opposition groups in recent unrest .
He said Francisco Martinez , a political officer at the US embassy in La Paz , had links to groups involved in violent opposition protests .
President Morales ordered the US ambassador to leave the country six months ago over similar allegations .
The US government has denied the latest allegations as baseless .
Since his election in 2006 , Bolivia 's first indigenous president , a leftist who came to national prominence as a leader of the country 's coca farmers , has frequently accused Washington of meddling .
He accused the CIA of conspiring against his energy policies two weeks ago , and in November he suspended all co-operation with the US Drug Enforcement Administration over allegations of collusion with the opposition .
' Foreign conspiracy '
" Today , I 've decided to declare Francisco Martinez ... persona non grata , " he told a news conference in La Paz , the country 's administrative capital .
" Deep investigations " had determined that the US embassy 's second secretary had been " in permanent contact with opposition groups " .
The expulsion was , he said , a move to " put an end to a foreign conspiracy " .
Mr Morales publicly accused the US diplomat last week of " co-ordinating contacts " with a Bolivian police officer he accused of infiltrating the state oil company YPFB on behalf of the CIA .
The head of YPFB , Morales ally Santos Ramirez , was arrested last month amid corruption allegations .
Denying CIA involvement , Washington accused the Bolivian president last week of using the US as a scapegoat in domestic politics .
" We can't understand how the president can assure us that he wants better relations with the United States and at the same time continue to make false accusations , " said US embassy spokeswoman Denise Urs .
In September , Mr Morales expelled US ambassador Philip Goldberg for " conspiring against democracy " and encouraging Bolivia 's break - up .
The US also described those allegations as unfounded .
Lewis Hamilton and his McLaren - Mercedes team - mate Heikki Kovalainen attended a crisis meeting of the British formula one team 's technical staff at their Woking headquarters yesterday after a disappointing four - day test at Barcelona revealed their new MP4 - 24 challenger is not yet quick enough .
With only a fortnight to go before the first race of the 2009 season in Australia , both drivers struggled with the new car 's handling balance .
It was a bitterly disappointing note on which to round off a week in which the new Brawn - Mercedes set an impressively competitive pace in the hands of Jenson Button and Rubens Barrichello as the world champion was unable to get near the lap times set by the former Honda squad 's new car .
Martin Whitmarsh , who took over from Ron Dennis as the McLaren team principal on 1 March , admitted that the problem might well not be fixed in time for the opening race of the year , although he insisted that Hamilton and Kovalainen would be testing hard for four days at Jerez next week before the cars are loaded up to be air - freighted to Melbourne next weekend .
" I do n't think we have done a good enough job , " said Whitmarsh candidly .
" There is no point in hiding from that fact .
We just have to get our heads down and work hard to fix it .
We will rectify the problem as quickly as we can , even though that might not be as quickly as we would like .
" What you have to remember is that the underlying chassis of the new car is based on the one which won the world championship last year .
We are a team which is accustomed to winning .
We are not where we want to be at the moment and we are not seeking to hide from that reality .
" We believe we do not have the aerodynamic performance that we need .
But teasing more speed out of a formula one car very seldom involves a silver bullet .
We have to be realistic and pragmatic about this and it will take time to rectify the problem . "
Whitmarsh emphasised the fact that there was no blame culture at McLaren and that he was particularly impressed with and appreciative of the support the team had received from Hamilton and Kovalainen .
" The fantastic and gratifying thing is to see Lewis 's confidence and belief in the team and its capabilities , " he said .
" He won the world championship with us last year and knows we have the potential to do it again . "
As far as the performance of the Brawn - Mercedes is concerned , Whitmarsh said he was delighted that the former Honda team had been saved , conceding that he had been pleased to play a part in brokering their deal to use the same engines as McLaren .
He did not seek to downplay their impressive testing performance at Barcelona .
" For the moment I think we must assume that the Brawn is as quick as it looks and that the McLaren is as slow as we were , " he said .
Last year Hamilton opened the season with a strong performance to win the opening race in Australia .
This year he may have to settle for an exercise in damage limitation as he begins the defence of his title .
‘ They ’ have thousands of followers , they adorn themselves with Bio ’s which are occasionally obscure but often that of a self proclaimed Guru … and of course you ’ve never heard of them before .
Should you follow them ?
Seems reasonable to think that IF they have tons of people following them they MUST be legitimate , right ?
* cough * .
I have been observing various Twitter users for the past three months who offer little value , but do know one thing above all other skills they possess … how to manipulate their follower count to get ahead in Twitter .
We ’re following you because … ummm … everyone else is …!
Unfortunately Twitter has no system ( yet ) for other users to ‘ rate ’ profiles and in the absence of such a system , credibility is for the most part distinguished by ‘ how many followers ’ someone has .
The people I ’m referring to in this post are the Twitter users who have discovered how to artificially increase their follower count .
Read on and I ’ll show you one of the ways you can spot a ‘ manipulator ’ simply by looking at the historical growth of their account .
Please note : I ’m not in the business of naming people I ’ve observed .
There are no rules on how to use Twitter so technically speaking these individuals are n’t doing anything wrong per se .
I even follow quite a few of them simply to observe behavioural patterns .
He ’s not who you think he is :
As an example , one of the most " popular " Twitter users in Australia also happens to be one of Australia ’s most infamous convicted spammers .
Clearly people are n’t aware of his past when they follow him ( he obviously does n’t advertise this fact on his profile ) .
Ironically as he started his Twitter climb to the top in early December he bragged about how he would accumulate a mass following in Twitter with ease , which of course is not that hard when you see ‘ how ’ below .
How ?
The way this individual and others like him amassed followers so quickly was simply by regularly following as many people as possible ( within the limits ) and un-following anybody who did not follow back .
This keeps the follower - to - following ratio roughly in check .
If you were able to break down the first few thousand followers for these people you would see the large proportion are simply ‘ return follows ’ .
I believe that a critical mass is eventually reached ( usually above 5,000 followers depending on location ) at which point organic follows start to occur .
This is because making the top lists in sites like Grader , Twiterholic , Alltop lists etc ensures that a profile with lots of followers are ‘ promoted ’ .
Whilst many agree that retweets are the most authentic way of attracting more genuine followers , being on a top 100 list will make sure your follower count continues to rise rapidly regardless of content quality or authenticity .
Recently scripts have appeared in the public domain that auto - follow and un - follow as above .
An example of one of a person using scripts is shown in a graph below , and we can see how this particular individual has amassed over 35,000 followers in just a few weeks .
I am not providing locations to these tools for obvious reasons .
External Evidence :
– Ash from www.BannerBlog.com conducted an experiment where he manually followed 1000 people and un-followed them all a few days later .
The net effect was he gained 350 followers .
here
– @AmyIris wrote a python script to mine names from Twitterholic.com and follow / un - follow which produced similar results to the above .
– @danzarrella ‘s site www.retweetability.com analyses whether or not a profile offers value based on tweets to retweets over followers .
I have tested various people I thought were likely to have been manipulating follower counts and they tended to score lowly in this index .
( Note this should not be taken as rule of thumb – highly conversational tweeters will also score low on this index ) .
How to spot a Twitter Follower Manipulator :
Disclaimer :
To be used as a guide only .
There are always exceptions when looking at statistical data .
Step 1 : Visit http://twittercounter.com
Step 2 : Type in the username you want to analyse .
Select the three month period to examine .
Step 3 : Watch for tell tale signs in their graphs as shown below .
Examples :
Growth profile of a regular Twitter User
Below :
A normal twitter user has the marked pattern of a steady growth .
variations are rarely significant .
Below :
You can see that even celebrities follow a similar growth curve although a slight " J - curve " is evident .
Despite the follower traffic being on a much larger scale the variations are still minor .
( Note – @stephenfry ’s curve contains several unusual jumps but these have been attributed to large scale UK media coverage ) .
Manipulated Following Pattern :
Below :
The following user has a marked number of days where there have been unexplainable spikes .
( No evidence of Retweets or any other source explains these spikes in this instance ) .
You can see where the true line of growth has been manipulated by mass following other users .
The result is a significant jump in people ‘ following back ’ .
Below :
An example of mass manipulation by a Tweeter using scripts to increase their following to incredibly high levels in a very short space of time .
These sudden jumps are a characteristic marker of follower manipulation .
Notes :
It is harder to see anomalous jumps in older twitter accounts .
There are also exceptions that will cause spikes and jumps , but spikes can usually be attributed easily to a source such as massive retweets , or publicity / media .
Conclusion :
I expect to see an increasing trend in this kind of activity in the coming months as Twitter grows .
There are many people who will equate a large following to something they can benefit from .
Hopefully as Twitter matures as a platform , it will be harder to manipulate followers .
Maybe a rating system would allow people to find great people to follow as an alternative to ‘ follower mass ’ alone .
Final word :
It ’s up to you who you follow , but if you find you ’re getting little value from this new breed of " successful "
Twitter user , the best advice is to simply ‘ un - follow ’ .
You may also want to consider using www.socialtoo.com which has an interesting blacklist feature in development .
This article by @eunmac
Share this : Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
At Citrix , we ’re constantly looking to deliver innovative new features that help our customers on their journey to the cloud …
( photo found here )
As more secret memos from the Bush Administration are revealed we find that it took only two weeks for the former president and his lawyers to plot the subversion of the Constitution and the rule of law :
The Justice Department released nine legal opinions showing that , following the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , the Bush administration determined that certain constitutional rights would not apply during the coming fight .
Within two weeks , government lawyers were already discussing ways to wiretap U.S. conversations without warrants .
The legal memos written by the Bush administration 's Office of Legal Counsel show a government grappling with how to wage war on terrorism in a fast - changing world .
The conclusion , reiterated in page after page of documents , was that the president had broad authority to set aside constitutional rights .
The memos reflected a belief within the Bush administration that the president had broad powers that could not be checked by Congress or the courts .
That stance , in one form or another , became the foundation for many policies : holding detainees at Guantanamo Bay , eavesdropping on U.S. citizens without warrants , using tough new CIA interrogation tactics and locking U.S. citizens in military brigs without charges .
Read on ...
We 've known about the secret memos for years , but it still sent a shiver down my spine to actually read them .
I applaud President Obama for making these memos public so that the citizens of the U.S. and the world can begin to understand what happened during those dark years in our history and to insure that never again will any president of any political party abuse their powers this way again .
To read all of the secret memos in their entirety click here .
Pay teenagers not to get pregnant , Republican says John Byrne
Published : Thursday March 12 , 2009
Print This Email This
The man who dubbed Vice President Joe Biden a socialist last September for arguing that paying taxes is " patriotic " appears to have some government redistribution ideas of his own .
Newt Gingrich , often cited as a Republican prospect for president in 2012 , says the state should consider paying teenager girls not to get pregnant .
He also says that states should consider paying teenage girls who become pregnant to take prenatal vitamins to forestall paying additional health expenses for neonatal care down the road .
The remarks were made during a tour of Michigan on Wednesday .
Gingrich is the founder of the Center for Health Transformation , a not - for - profit group advocating the partnership of private and public interests for health care reform .
Along with his remarks about pregnant teenagers , the former Speaker of the House of Representatives also said Wednesday that state legislators should consider paying poor children to read and individuals not to smoke .
" We need to develop a health - based health reform , " Gingrich said , according to AP .
" Free of the usual bureaucracy . "
Another AP article adds , " The first step in lowering health care costs and insuring all Americans is getting people to change their behavior , former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich told state lawmakers Wednesday .
The Republican endorsed the carrot over the stick , saying he would pay pregnant teens to take prenatal vitamins and go to the doctor regularly so the government avoids astronomical bills when babies end up in neonatal intensive care units . "
" His other ideas include paying teens who do n't get pregnant and stay in school ; requiring exercise for school children ; giving tax breaks to grocery stores that open in the inner city ; giving bonuses to food stamp recipients who buy fruits and vegetables ; and making students walk to school if they live close enough , " the story continues .
" You 've got to start with the individual , " Gingrich told the Senate Health Policy Committee .
" We have not thought through the fundamentals . "
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
If United States President Barack Obama asks for Australia to send more troops to Afghanistan , there is no reason why Prime Minister Kevin Rudd cannot say no , a strategic policy analyst says .
Mr Obama has reaffirmed his commitment to the ongoing battle in Afghanistan and when Mr Rudd meets Mr Obama for the first time at the White House next month , it is likely he will be asked to send more Australian troops to Afghanistan .
Mr Obama has ordered another 17,000 US troops to Afghanistan and is conducting a review of policy in the region .
Australia currently has about 1,000 troops deployed in the war - torn country .
Professor of strategic studies at the Australian National University and visiting fellow at the Lowy Institute , Hugh White , has told ABC Radio's AM program he believes the troop request will be very close to the top of Mr Obama 's agenda .
" Obviously he 's got some big issues on his plate , [ including ] the global economic crisis , " Professor White said .
" But behind that , I think Afghanistan is probably the biggest concern he has and I think it 's one in which he 's very much going to be looking for a response from Australia .
" And the Government here has been saying that we 're already contributing and other countries should do more , but I think from Obama 's point of view persuading Australia to make a bigger contribution is likely to be a very high priority .
" So I think Kevin Rudd will be very lucky if he gets out of the Oval Office without having that question put to him . "
Professor
White says Mr Rudd can follow former prime minister Bob Hawke 's example and say no to Mr Obama 's potential request .
" He should first of all try to get a really clear answer to how is this going to work , " Professor White said .
" In what way are the extra troops going to be used ?
How confident are we that it 's going to deliver an effective result within one year or two years or three years ?
" If Barack Obama does n't have a good answer to that question , then I think the best thing for Kevin Rudd might be to say ' No , we 're not going to put more troops in ' .
" That will be a tough thing to say , but that is sometimes the sorts of choices you have to make .
" One can say no to the Americans .
Bob Hawke did , under very important circumstances , for example , on support for SDI ( Strategic Defence Initiative ) . "
But Professor
White says it will be tough to turn Mr Obama down .
" If [ Mr Rudd ] wants to develop the kind of close , personal relationship with Barack Obama that John Howard had with George Bush , I think it will be very hard for him not to say yes , and I think Kevin Rudd probably does have that ambition , " he said .
" On the other hand , he 'll want to be very careful to ask himself and to ask Barack Obama whether there 's much chance of this new strategy in Afghanistan .
" I 've got to say myself , I 'm very sceptical . "
' Terror central '
Professor
White says he does not think it is inevitable that Mr Rudd , who once who dubbed Afghanistan " terror central " , will say yes , but he will certainly be under pressure .
" [ Mr Rudd ] faces very sober decisions , " he said .
" Afghanistan 's a very dangerous place .
A decision to increase Australian forces would be a decision to increase Australian casualties .
" And that 's a very tough choice for a prime minister to make .
He 'll want to be very sure that the decision he takes genuinely reflects deep Australian strategic interests . "
Professor
White says Mr Obama definitely wants more troops from NATO and more troops from Australia .
" And whilst the Australian Government makes a big point of saying ' We 're the largest non -NATO contributor , ' that 's true , " he said .
" But we 're still one of the smallest contributors , and I think Barack Obama is likely to think that a country of Australia 's scale should be making a bigger proportionate contribution .
" And what 's more , he 's committed to quite a substantial surge of American troops , an additional 17,000 American troops .
" Most of the experts agree that 's not going to be enough to implement the strategy he 's envisaged , so he 's going to need larger numbers of troops from a whole lot of contributors and it seems very unlikely that he 'll be able to get that if he does n't get some more from Australia .
" Barack Obama has really committed the credibility of his presidency to his capacity to persuade other partners , NATO and non-NATO , to increase their contributions in Afghanistan .
So I think he 's going to be pretty keen to pop the question and very reluctant to take no for an answer . "
No long - term presence
Meanwhile , Mr Obama says the US has no desire for a " long - term " military presence in Afghanistan despite plans to send more troops to the war - torn country .
" One of the things that I think we have to communicate in Afghanistan is that we have no interest or aspiration to be there over the long - term , " Mr Obama said in an interview with PBS public television .
" There 's a long history , as you know , in Afghanistan of rebuffing what is seen as an occupying force and we have to be mindful of that history as we think about our strategy , " he added .
Mr Obama earlier announced an end to US combat operations in Iraq within 18 months .
Based on an AM report by Alexandra Kirk and wires
+ 22
Schools , Refurbishment • Oslo , Norway Architects : Jarmund / Vigsnæs AS Architects MNAL
Area Area of this architecture project Area : 3900 m²
Year Completion year of this architecture project Year : 2009
Manufacturers Brands with products used in this architecture project Swisspearl Manufacturers :
Products translation missing : en-US.post.svg.material_description
Text description provided by the architects .
Oslo International School is a private school with about 500 children from more than 50 different nations , divided into kindergarten , reception , primary and secondary school .
The school is based on a traditional use of classrooms combined with special facilities for advanced studies .
The primary goal of the building project is to upgrade existing areas , replace temporary structures and establish new educational areas for specific needs .
The project is divided into 3 phases to make possible continuous use of the school during the construction period .
The existing structure from the 1960 - ies was worn down , but had obvious architectonic qualities .
The organization on one level gives easy orientation , good natural lighting and a close contact to the outdoors .
The modular structure is flexible to programmatic changes .
The new structure gently transforms the easy organization within a limited budget , and tries to keep the inherent qualities .
The new mechanical systems are placed on the roof .
Phase 1 is established as pavilions within existing atrium .
They include science laboratories , library and a main " square " .
The main entrance , as a result of the addition , is moved to the west side of the building .
The architecture is developed as a new vocabulary of soft and organic forms , softening dense spatial relationships between new and old areas .
At the same time these new areas contain special programs framed by the rectilinear structure of the old .
Daylight fills the rooms from narrow slits from floor to ceiling combined with circular roof lights .
Phase 2 is a separate pavilion for the smallest children .
It houses 10 classrooms in addition to offices .
The common areas get daylight fro the atrium .
Sizes of rooms are flexible , and can be changed according to number of children on each level .
Phase 3 , under planning , will house new areas for drama , music and physical education .
Parts of the areas will be open at night .
Organically shaped walls are clad with specially milled wooden paneling in convex and concave shape , treated with clear tar .
Inside , the wooden walls are whitewashed .
Phase 2 has a façade covered with fiber cement boards in 10 different colors .
Outside materials are also used on the inside of outside walls .
With reference to the qualities of the old structure , the new buildings are organized around three new atria suited for play and recreation for the different groups of children .
The existing atrium is established as the quiet garden with white gravel , benches and greenery suited for quiet play and conversations .
Two large existing oaks are preserved .
The atrium in phase two has a rubber floor suited for play for the smallest children .
The open school yard towards the west is planned for ball play .
Etrade Brokerage Account Review
Etrade Review
Some of you know that I ’ve been a long time customer and fan of Etrade Financial .
In fact , I also own their stock ( ETFC ) due to my believe that they offer a superior product versus its competitors .
While the stock for sure has n’t made me any money , I continue to be impressed by its brokerage services .
This Etrade review highlights why .
Etrade Brokerage Account and its Seamless Integration with its Banking Unit
I ’ve written before that I almost use Etrade ’s online savings account as though its a cash sweep account .
The reason why I do this is because transferring money between my taxable investment account and my online bank is instant .
This gives me maximum flexibility as well as a fat yield while I ’m not using the funds .
Etrade Brokerage ’s Fast Execution
I never recommend executing market orders , but E*Trade is so confident with their execution rates that they have a 2 second guarantee on market orders for S&P 500 stocks and ETFs .
What happens if the execution does n’t happen within 2 seconds ?
They let you trade the stock or ETF for free .
The advanced routing also helps with limit orders , because it means that your orders have a higher chance of executing at the prices you specify .
Also note that if you use their Power Etrade Pro Platform , you can route your orders through any specific ECN or exchanges you prefer as an option .
Etrade ’s DRIP Treatment vs TD Ameritrade
I also have access to TD Ameritrade ’s brokerage account ( through my wife ) and the way TD Ameritrade handles DRIPs drives me to Etrade even more .
With ETrade , DRIPs are distributed to you the day they are supposed to and reinvested that same day .
With TD Ameritrade , there was at least once where they did n’t give me the dividend until two weeks later and thus reinvested two weeks late .
That ’s absolutely wrong in my opinion , and another reason why I rather deal with Etrade .
Etrade ’s User Interface and Website Availability
In the many years that I ’ve been their customer and logging on pretty much everyday , I have never seen an outage .
Actually , I would think this is a basic requirement for an online brokerage but I ’ve heard horror stories of other brokerages ( read TD Ameritrade ) going offline during market panic and a time when you absolutely need access to your account .
On the user interface front , I ’ve gotten so used to using it that I will be bias .
What I can say though is that it easily displays all your accounts ( IRAs , bank , taxable etc ) all in one convenient screen while not confusing you which account you are on .
The other thing I love about Etrade is actually the fact that they let you do almost everything online .
For example , they have a pretty comprehensive online service center that has many of your questions answered .
They also let you enable and disable DRIPs for any of your stock positions within their online system while many other brokerages require you to call in .
Power Etrade Pro
If you are a high frequency trader and want maximum control , then Etrade ’s Power Etrade Pro is for you .
Basically , it is a trading platform ( which is written in Java so it works in any operating system like Windows , Mac and Linux etc ) that gives full screens of trading tools including :
Nasdaq TotalView ( over 20 x more liquidity than Live Level 2 Quotes )
Streaming Option Chains
Real Time Account Positions
Speed Keys for Quick Navigation and Trading
While I ’ve played around with it ( mainly because I thought it was cool ) , I can honestly say that the website already does what I need it to do .
For professional traders though , the platform is definitely worth looking into .
Global Trading with Etrade
Etrade is also one of the few brokerages that provide trading in foreign exchanges .
With an Etrade account , you can trade stocks in Canada , France , Germany , Hong Kong , Japan and the UK .
If you do n’t want to sleep , they even offer free real time quotes !
Etrade is Right for You
Like I keep telling everyone , I love Etrade and think it ’s a solid contender as your brokerage of choice .
Smart Money agrees with me too because they rated Etrade Financial as the # 1 discount stock broker in 2008 after its review of the user interface , customer service , trading technology and other categories .
Bonus :
They are also offering a bonus right now that gives you 100 free trades !
Click Here to Check Out the Details and Get an Account Today
Exactly a year ago one of the largest torrent sites shut down for good , and a month later the owner was ordered to pay a 110 million dollar fine .
We catch up with TorrentSpy owner Justin Bunnell , who ’s still in court fighting the MPAA , to see how he views the developments of the past year .
Only two years ago , TorrentSpy was the largest BitTorrent site on the Internet , competing with Mininova and The Pirate Bay .
Its future was uncertain though , as the site found itself embroiled in a costly legal battle with the MPAA .
The case was initiated in January 2006 and in the summer of 2007 a federal judge ordered TorrentSpy to start logging all user data .
The judge ruled that TorrentSpy had to monitor its users in order to create detailed logs of their activities and these were to be handed over to the MPAA .
In a response to this decision , TorrentSpy decided to block access to all US visitors instead .
The trouble for the torrent site was not over though .
On March 24 2008 the site went offline and a month later TorrentSpy ’s owner was ordered to pay a $ 110 million fine after the court terminated the case .
This decision is currently under appeal .
Today marks the passing of a year since the site ’s closure , so TorrentFreak took the opportunity to catch up with TorrentSpy owner Justin Bunnell to see where he stands 12 months on .
We began by asking him whether he believes he made the right decision when he took the site offline .
“ Most decisions you can review with hindsight and decide if it was good or bad .
However , this is one that I still question even today , ” Justin told us .
“ We took the site offline to show we were serious about settlement – we figured if they hated the site and therefore us , taking the site down would make them happy . ”
However , the MPAA did n’t back off , quite the opposite .
“ Their bewildering reaction was to get angry instead .
In short , we took the site down so it would stop being such a contentious issue with the courts and I would probably make the same decision today , ” Justin said .
Although the site has ceased to exist , together with one of the largest BitTorrent communities , Justin is still dealing with the TorrentSpy legacy in court .
When we asked him what he missed the most , Justin said he did n’t “ miss out ” on any of the downside fun .
“ It is sad that a vibrant community that shared ideas and opinions about technology , politics , society and other speech has been obliterated , but the sad fact is that Goliath wins most of the time , ” he told .
“ I have become cynical about the fairness and standard of justice in our courts and political process , ” Justin said commenting on the legal proceedings involving his site , and the future of file sharing in general .
“ I see very little opposition to more and more restrictions on the actions and speech of the Public to ‘ protect ’ the entertainment industry , especially now . ”
A handful of torrent sites that are willing to stand up in court are no match for the powerful lobby of the entertainment industry according to Justin .
“ Money is the gas of the political engine and in 2008 alone the entertainment industry gave $ 47 M to politicians .
What do you think these profit obsessed corporations expect in return ? ”
It is indeed sad to see that lobbyists have manage to influence lawmakers into some of the most idiotic decisions .
Change has not come yet for P2P apparently .
We wish Justin all the best , and hope that his appeal is a success .
JOHANNESBURG
Concerned with a cholera threat from its northern neighbour , Zimbabwe , South Africa could be overlooking a creeping water crisis of its own , as ageing infrastructure and rising demand spew potentially deadly bacteria into its water systems .
When apartheid crumbled in 1994 , an estimated 14 million South Africans lacked access to a formal water supply , and about half the country - 21 million people - had no formal sanitation , according to the Department of Water Affairs and Forestry ( DWAF ) .
Since then , access to water has increased dramatically , but backlogs persist : in 2008 , about 5 million people were still in need of adequate supplies , while three times more - 15 million people - lacked basic sanitation .
The quality of municipal drinking water is monitored monthly , with nearly all municipalities reporting an acceptable standard of water .
However , outdated infrastructure and problems in retaining skilled staff have contributed to what DWAF admits are unacceptably high levels of pollution in some rivers and dams .
South Africa 's tap water is among the best in the world , according to DWAF spokesperson Linda Page .
But with millions still lacking access to flush toilets and piped water , the threat of waterborne diseases cannot be ignored , she said .
In 2008 , half of the municipal water supplies surveyed in Western Cape Province , on the country 's south coast , had high levels of the potentially deadly E. coli bacteria , according to a study released by the provincial DWAF .
In impoverished districts like Ukhahlamba , in neighbouring Eastern Cape Province , the problem is even more extreme .
In 2008 , Ukhahlamba reported levels of E. coli and other bacteria that were so high in some parts of its water supply it had been forced to issue " boil alerts " and supply water to severely affected communities by tanker trucks , according to presentations made to parliament in June .
Though E. coli can sometimes be traced back to certain industries , it is often taken as an indication that water supplies were recently contaminated with human or animal waste .
That problem is being exacerbated by the first heavy rains of the 2009 season , which can wash contaminants into water systems .
Municipalities across the country have blamed poor water quality on a lack of resources and capacity that has put far too much strain on ageing water treatment plants .
In 2004 South Africa had just 15,000 civil engineers , with the bulk in the private sector and only 11 percent working for local government .
A river runs through it
With its source high in the Drakensberg Mountains , the Vaal River stretches more than 1,000 km to become the main tributary to South Africa 's longest waterway , the Orange River .
It feeds large portions of the Greater Johannesburg Metropolitan area , the country 's economic heartland , as well as most of the northern Free State Province .
It has also , in some areas , registered high enough levels of faecal matter to warrant Rand Water , South Africa 's largest bulk water utility , to warn that contact with the river may put people at risk of serious infection .
One of the major problems is that our system is very old - our pump station is giving us problems , almost everything is giving us problems
Every year thousands of tourists flock to the towns that dot the banks of the Vaal .
In sleepy Parys , visitors make up a vital part of the local economy , but in December , when the extent of the pollution became known , the town lost about US $ 180,000 a week in cancellations .
According to businessman Carl Cilliers , who runs a resort on the river 's edge , a repeat performance could put him and his family out of business .
Local wildlife is also struggling to cope with the environmental impact .
Recently , court - ordered contractors removed 20 tonnes of dead fish after a local NGO , Save the Vaal River Environment ( SAVE ) , took the local Emfuleni municipality to court for leaking millions of litres of raw sewage into the river .
SAVE said the pollution had contributed to stomach and intestinal disorders among nearby residents .
In its defence , Emfuleni municipality - well aware of its failing pumps and ageing infrastructure – argues that it lacks the finances and capacity to correct the situation .
" One of the major problems is that our system is very old - our pump station is giving us problems , almost everything is giving us problems , " said Mojalefa Radebe , media relations officer at the municipality 's Water Service Unit .
In 2007 , the municipality ran an operational deficit of about US $ 4 million , with an outstanding US $ 2 million debt to Rand Water .
Dr Roman Tandlich , a lecturer at the Faculty of Pharmacy at Rhodes University , in Eastern Cape , and former fellow of the university 's Unilever Centre for Environmental Water Quality , said surface streams and rivers like the Vaal were the sole source of water for many people living in informal settlements , as well as rural and peri-urban areas .
While Tandlich admits there are backlogs in the provision of drinking water and sanitation , and that mistakes have been made , he also stresses the complex environment in which post - apartheid service provision operates .
For instance , standard sanitation systems are problematic in townships , and systems based on ventilated pit latrines , where an additional ventilation shaft is dug alongside the main hole to reduce odour and the presence of flies and mosquitoes , are being explored .
Studies from Ghana have shown that extremely high levels of government subsidy are needed to fund conventional sewage systems , while ventilated pit latrines have proven to be a cost - effective alternative . "
[ The ] backlog in service delivery is huge in South Africa , " Tandlich said .
" Mistakes have been made in the past , but it also has to be stated that some challenges are so unique that no easy answers or parallels to draw on exist .
" DWAF 's
Page said funds have been put aside to address problems in infrastructure , as well as the issues of budget management and skills shortages .
llg/oa/he
The Capitol Hill Chamber of Commerce looks at the future — and sees digging , lots of digging on Broadway as the 8 - year light rail project takes shape .
The Chamber is approaching this challenge in an interesting way — studying what it is that people love , and do n’t love , about the hill .
Wrote about this effort to “ brand ” Capitol Hill awhile back — as I ’ve been fortunate enough to be able to part of some of the branding discussion , I asked if I could share some of what the Chamber has learned with you .
From a telephone survey conducted with about 300 Seattle - area residents , here are some of the numbers the Chamber is considering :
First , a quick look at a question directly related to a key goal for a neighborhood marketing effort — how to get people to visit the area more often .
Here ’s how often Seattle residents said they come to Capitol Hill — and the top reasons why they said they do n’t come more often .
Hmm , not sure the new bike parking will help with the above .
But I propose “ Capitol Hill has clean and safe parking ” as our new slogan .
Catchy .
I liked the following dataset .
The survey question was open ended , by the way , so no answer options were provided .
These people said The Internet without prompting .
Smart people !
Now , let ’s play word association .
What first comes to mind for you ?
There ’s a lot of gay in these top answers .
When Seattle thinks Capitol Hill , it thinks entertaining gay youth on Broadway .
And they think Seattle .
I made reference to the data in this final graph in the recent thread discussing why CHS readers leave the hill .
Included in the respondents were about 40 hill residents .
This graph compares non-hill residents vs. hill residents by what areas of the city they visit besides Capitol Hill .
I include Northgate because it is our biggest difference from the rest of Seattle — the rest are Seattle ’s top non-hill destinations .
Next steps for the group are to shape the results into a marketing plan for the hill and develop messages to help promote the neighborhood through the challenging light rail construction period .
You ’ll probably see signs and banners someday that were born of this process .
You might scoff at the notion and attempts to market a place — yeah , we made fun of the Chamber ’s walking map , we admit .
But it ’s good to see data at play in the conversation .
Thanks to the Chamber and Kite , Inc. for the survey data .
The Chronicles of Riddick on Blu-ray Disc Review By Rachel Cericola
The Film
The Chronicles of Riddick
The Picture
Pitch Black
The Sound
Pitch Black
The Extras
Final Thoughts
Riddick
Where to Buy :
Product Details
Actors : Vin Diesel , Thandie Newton , Karl Urban , Colm Feore , Linus Roache , Keith David , Judi Dench
Director : David Twohy
Audio / Languages : DTS - HD Master Audio 5.1 ( English ) , DTS 5.1 ( Spanish , French )
Subtitles : English SDH , Spanish , French
Aspect Ratio : 2.40:1
Region : A
Number of Discs : 1
Rating : PG - 13
Studio : Universal Studios
Blu-ray Disc Release Date : March 31 , 2009
Run Time : 134 minutes ( unrated ) , 120 minutes ( theatrical )
List Price : $ 29.98
Extras : Introduction by David Twohy Deleted Scenes w/ Commentary by David Twohy Virtual Guide to The Chronicles of Riddick Toombs ' Chase Log Visual Effects Revealed Creation of New Mecca Riddick Rises Keep What You Kill Feature Commentary with Writer / Director David Twohy and Actors Karl Urban and Alexa Davalos
Overall Video Audio Movie Extras
View all articles by Rachel Cericola
The first Riddick flick , , was made on a shoestring budget .
The second coming of Vin Diesel 's ex-con action hero is , which shows that bigger is not always better .
Riddick is still a wanted man , in more ways than one .
A group of bounty hunters want to bring our big boy in .
Also , he is recruited to help save the galaxy against a group of interplanetary terrorists called the Necromongers .
It sounds like two movies -- two bad ones .
The worst part is that the film drags in Thandie Newton and Judi Dench -- who should be stripped of her Dame - ness for portraying some half - wind / half - woman nonsense .
You have to hand it to director David Twohy ; the guy knows how to spend his money .
had him pinching pennies .
For Riddick , he was given $ 105 million of fun money to play with -- and fun he had .
Instead of being captive to one planet , he 's created an entire universe here , and the universe has plenty of small details .
The 2.40:1 transfer also has plenty of great colors and flesh tones , as well as some deep blacks .
Still , we miss being impressed by what Twohy could do with that shoestring .
Like , this film relies on a lot of the sound to keep you entertained .
It sure is n't the acting .
Universal delivers with a DTS - HD 5.1 Master Audio track , which blows action out of the surrounds during the film 's many thrill scenes .
The bass also has a nice boom , but works nicely with the rest of the roaring sounds .
Twohy is quite the Chatty Cathy .
Like the Kevin Smith of sci- fi , the director provides commentary for a lot of the extras on this disc .
He gives intros for the movie and deleted scenes , commentary , and chats up a storm in a few of the featurettes .
Most notable include " The Virtual Guide To The Chronicles Of Riddick , " which provides a bit of background , and " Visual Effects Revealed .
" Normally you could n't keep us away from a good interplanetary ass - kicking .
However , the goofy plot , the waste of good talent , and the acting abilities of Diesel hamper this follow up outing .
Still , if you 're looking for mindless sci- fi fun to test out your Blu-ray setup or want to continue with the series , could be worth a rental .
I mean , every photo seems to have a meaning , like if you did n't just took a picture but thought a lot before doing that ...
Those shots simply have more values than the visual ones only .
They just have something in them that I can't define precisely .
They talk to my insides like a good poetry , if I can say so .
And they do n't bash me in the head with ' special effects ' ... which is definitely a good thing .
The University of Texas at Austin
Wed , Sep 30 ' 20 - Wed , Sep 30 ' 20
This morning in San Francisco , the California supreme court heard arguments on the constitutionality of Proposition 8 , the ballot measure that banned gay marriage .
The supremes will also consider whether the thousands of same - sex marriages performed in the state prior to Prop.
8 's passage should remain valid .
The hearings opened with Shannon Minter , lead counsel for those petitioning to invalidate Prop. 8 , arguing that " what Proposition 8 accomplishes , if it were upheld by this court , is to establish the constitutional principle that a majority can take away a fundamental right from a group defined as a [ marginalised ] class . "
It was a typically clinical way of conveying in legalese what the case is really about :
Is our democracy intended to accommodate mob rule that rescinds individual rights ?
Despite what Mike Huckabee would have us believe , California 's Prop. 8 is radically different from other state amendments banning same - sex marriage .
In California , the state supreme court ruled same - sex marriage legal , and marriages between same - sex couples were performed legally from June until November and the passage of Prop .
8 . For that reason , this case is necessarily about the right of the majority to vote the rights of a minority out of existence .
But so much more than a legal right hangs in the balance .
Watching and listening on TV to the attorney for the sponsors of Prop.
8 , Ken Starr – last seen feverishly masturbating over a Beltway tryst and a stained blue dress – speak in his yawn - inducing monotone about revisions versus amendments , what struck me most was how passionless it all was .
We 're talking about people 's lives , and family and sex and romance and love , and people 's right to have that love legally recognized – everything we associate with emotion and intimacy and the most fundamental expressions of our humanity .
Yet all of that was being very carefully ignored , talked around in this dreadfully staid and formal way .
It made me want to run into that courtroom and shout and gnash my teeth and stomp my feet , just to inject some semblance of passion into the proceedings .
( If I could simultaneously have drowned out Starr 's inserting into the record such laughably absurd asides as " Each of us is a minority – a minority of one " and " Proposition 8 does n't invalidate – it merely denies recognition " in that condescending cadence he picked up at the Bobby Jindal School of Speaking Good , it would have been even better . )
Naturally , I know that a courtroom is n't the place for that sort of thing – that justice is n't meant to be meted out on the basis of emotional entreaties – so I did n't expect fists pounding against podiums .
Yet there was something somehow indecent about the calm , abstract , detached legal proceeding meant to consider a thing born of the messy vulgarity of irrational fear and raw hatred .
Still , in the end , when San Francisco 's chief deputy city attorney Therese Stewart concluded , coolly and succinctly , that " a guarantee of equality that is subject to exceptions made by a majority is no guarantee at all , " it was satisfying .
Because it was right .
Now it 's in the hands of the justices .
Late yesterday , the LA Times reported that the court appeared likely to uphold Prop. 8 , " but also seemed likely to decide – perhaps unanimously – that the marriages of same - sex couples who wed before the election would remain valid " .
The judges have 90 days to submit their ruling – but let 's hope it does n't take them that long to decide in favour of equality and love .
[ H/t Heather ]
We 've been hearing a lot from the likes of Sean Hannity and Glenn Beck that President Obama and the Democrats are imposing " socialism " on America .
Which tends to make anyone who knows much about socialism -- beyond , that is , the bumper - sticker political awareness of a 13 - year - old -- wonder what the hell they 're talking about .
It 's pretty obvious by now that these are unrepentant capitalists in the Obama Administration -- just not laissez - faire capitalists .
Socialism ?
Please .
Bill Moyers wondered the same thing .
So he went out and found an unrepentant socialist -- a Cal - Riverside prof named Mike Davis -- and interviewed him .
As Moyers put it in the interview :
Moyers :
You know , Mike , there 's so much talk from that side of the spectrum raising the specter of Socialism .
And I thought I might as well talk to a real Socialist about what the term means .
I mean , I cannot find anyone in this country advocating the abolition of private markets and the wage systems or nationalizing all the major industries , I mean , no one 's arguing for supplanting capitalism , are they ?
Davis : I am .
But Davis , as he makes clear , stands in contradistinction to Barack Obama , as well as to most Democrats .
Like most actual socialists , he considers Keynesian economic measures like this administration 's to be half - solutions at best .
The real heart of the interview , though , came when they discussed what all this talk about " socialism " is really about :
BILL MOYERS : And yet , Obama 's only been in office two months now .
And there 's this chorus of voices , the " Wall Street Journal " editorial page , conservative talk radio , Fox News , Lou Dobbs , CNBC 's Cramer and Kudlow , all blaming Obama for the bad economy .
Are those attacks sticking out where you live in California ?
MIKE DAVIS : Well , I mean you know , what could be more absurd than the , you know , the people who brought this country to its knees now being the chorus of dissenters , now representing themselves as the populace ?
The fact that they 're the ones who have erected the antenna , the lightning rod for popular anger is worrisome because if these bailouts and stimulus fail , if the country sinks deeper into what could be a very long period of stagnation if popular anger is monopolized by the demagogues on the Right , I think you could see a real resurgence of the Republican Party or at least of its most anti-immigrant economic nationalist wing .
This is something maybe not very visible on the national screen .
But when you live near the border like I do in Southern California , the southern cities , areas of the Midwest , this has really invigorated what you once would have refereed to as the John Birch Society wing of the Republican Party .
The vacuum left by the fall of the Soviet Union has been filled by , you know , good old - fashioned Nativism immigrant bashing .
No group is so vulnerable right now as the immigrants whose labor has sustained the California economy for the last generation , legal or un -legal .
They have the fewest entitlements .
They have the least safety net .
And their jobs are the ones that are being impacted most directly because they work in construction services or industries that are highly sensitive to the business cycle .
Some have gone back to Mexico .
Mexican statistics show that .
But it does n't make sense for most people to go back .
The border economy has really collapsed .
The tourist economy along the border is dead .
The maquiladoras , the border assembly plants are laying off .
So having made huge investments to get to the United States , does n't make a lot of sense to go back to a country where there are even fewer jobs and fewer hopes .
How are people surviving ?
Well , in some cases , they cram five into a room .
They 're standing in front of Home Depots hoping they wo n't get picked up by the police or the immigration service .
And , of course , this exists in a situation where it's very likely that our southern border and that Mexico are going to become very , very destabilized , further destabilized than they are .
And this provides lots of ammunition to construct the whole , like , Versailles myth of the economic crisis .
You know , to blame immigrants , to blame liberal , to blame the imaginary socialism of bank rescue plans that are fully endorsed by THE ECONOMIST or the FINANCIAL TIMES .
Indeed , all you need to do is compare and contrast Beck 's performance in interviewing the head of the Communist Party USA -- whom he treats with open contempt and then talks over when he refuses to play into Beck 's little McCarthyite game -- with Moyers ' dignified and thoughtful interview .
And then think about just what purpose it served Glenn Beck and his bosses at Fox to trot out Sam Webber just so they could treat him like garbage : Because it sets an example .
American International Group should be allowed to go bankrupt because keeping it and other sick financials alive on government support risks ruining the US economy , legendary investor Jim Rogers told CNBC Tuesday .
AIG , whose $ 61.66 billion fourth - quarter loss was the largest ever for a US company , received $ 30 billion more in government funds Monday .
The insurer 's financial health has n't improved despite getting as much as $ 150 billion from the government last year .
" Suppose AIG goes bankrupt , it is better that AIG goes bankrupt and we have a horrible two or three years than that the whole US goes bankrupt , " Rogers said .
" AIG has trillions of dollars of obligations , let them fail , let the courts sort it out and start over .
Otherwise we 'll never start over . "
On Monday , CEO Edward Liddy told CNBC that the insurer is far more stable and secure than it was last fall but acknowledged that it was " difficult to say " if AIG will need even more money from the government in the future .
Bailing out the banks is going to increase the debt spiral and finally cause the destruction of the world 's biggest economy , Rogers said .
" I think it 's astonishing , they 're ruining the US economy , they 're ruining the US government , they 're ruining the US central bank and they 're ruining the US dollar , " he said .
" You are watching something in front of our eyes , very historically , which is basically the destruction of New York as a financial center and the destruction of America as the world 's most powerful country . "
Japan 's economic " lost decade " was caused by trying to bail out the banks , and the West risks running out of money if it does n't let the bad banks fail now , Rogers warned .
Systemic risk is going to be the same in 10 months , 5 years of 10 years if the fundamental problem is not solved , he added .
So I sat in pain until 9 .
Then I called my primary care physician .
At first they said the next available appointment was over two weeks away .
Its hard to schedule same day or even same week appointments as they are only open four days a week for a total of six hours a day .
They said if it hurt that much I should go to the emergency room .
After over an hour of my persisting , I got an appointment for later in the afternoon .
So I showed up in pain at 3 p.m. , paid the $ 30.00 co-pay and saw my Doctor .
Actually , it was n't my doctor ; he left a few years back .
So now I have a new doctor .
She spends a total of five minutes with me and explains that it could be a myriad of different ailments and I need to see a specialist .
She said it would take over a week to get a referral and have that referral approved by the insurance company but in the meantime she would have me get blood tests and Abdominal CTs .
The blood tests were easy enough , but the CTs were booked until after Christmas .
In the meantime , I should just rest and not eat much until they can figure it out .
One week and 7 phone messages later , my Doctor finally told me the referral went through .
My next appointment is January 14 .
Blood tests show Crones disease , not that anyone has explained to me what this means .
So I have missed a bunch of work , paid out hundreds in co-pays and Rolaids and I am in no better position than I was .
I guess the emergency room would have been a better option but I always thought the emergency room was for people suffering heart attacks , strokes and other near death incidents .
Guess it is the only way to get efficient medical care these days .
Can this really be the way it is ?
I pay my premiums and hardly ever see a doctor .
Yet , the one time I do I am in a constant state of waiting , with no one explaining to me what is going on .
I could not imagine having cancer and being treated like this .
So how can we fix this system ?
Personally , I really have no idea .
Perhaps the problem is medical care has become a big business and run like such .
It seems to me the system has doctors seeing as many patients as possible without spending time with any .
It seems that referrals and tests are delayed in the hopes that they will be forgotten .
Because of the need to see patients , doctors do not follow up with the patients they just saw .
No phone calls , no nothing .
If you want to talk to a doctor , you have to go into the office so they can get the next co-pay .
This is a direct result of the HMO system itself .
I do not believe doctors can be happy existing in this world .
How can you take money out of medical care ?
Doctors and nurses deserve good salaries and the money has to come from somewhere .
Hospitals need technology and good staff , so the money has to come from somewhere .
I for one do n't mind paying the premiums and co-pays as long as I am getting my moneys worth .
But that is not happening .
If I could , I would change doctors but apparently this takes over a month to do and needs massive paperwork to complete .
I can't send it back like a bad meal .
There are no return counters .
What can we do ?
All I know is the system needs to be fixed as the current system undermines patient care .
The current system creates financial and timing barriers to actually seeing any doctor , never mind your own doctor .
I also know I have no ideas on how to fix the problem .
Thanks for reading .
By Leo Babauta
I ’ve been procrastinating a lot lately .
I actually love procrastinating and have nothing against it .
But for those of you who want to beat procrastination , here are 10 simple steps :
1 . First make sure you really , really , really want to do it .
Seriously – do n’t skip this step .
2 . Keep things simple – do n’t mess with tools , formatting , anything , just start .
3 . Make it the first thing you do today , before checking email or anything else .
4. Clear away everything that stands in the way of doing .
Including turning off the Internet .
5 . Just get started .
Overcome the initial barrier by diving in .
6 . Tell yourself you ’re just going to do 10 minutes .
7 . Put something you dread more at the top of your to - do list — you ’ll put off doing that by doing the other things on your list .
( Structured procrastination . )
8 . Find something about it that excites you .
9. Forget about perfection .
Just start doing it , and fix it later .
10 .
If you keep procrastinating , re-evaluate whether you really want to do it .
Consider not doing it , or putting it on the backburner .
If all else fails , just take a nap or go outside and enjoy the outdoors or do nothing .
Life is n’t all about productivity .
Do less .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
I ’ve been reading about Wall Street ’s fabulous Gaussian copula function for some time , but aside from a vague notion that it was a rocket science method of measuring risk , I ’ve never had the slightest idea what it was actually all about .
In this month ’s Wired , Felix Salmon explains .
Basically , it ’s a clever way of figuring out whether the odds of two different bonds defaulting are correlated .
If they are , then bundling them together into a single security is risky since there ’s a good chance they ’ll both go into the toilet at the same time .
If they are n’t , bundling them together is fairly safe since even if one of them defaults , at least the other one is still safe .
Its inventor was a math guru named David X. Li :
In 2000 , while working at JPMorgan Chase , Li published a paper in The Journal of Fixed Income titled “ On Default Correlation : A Copula Function Approach . ”
( In statistics , a copula is used to couple the behavior of two or more variables . )
Using some relatively simple math — by Wall Street standards , anyway —
Li came up with an ingenious way to model default correlation without even looking at historical default data .
Instead , he used market data about the prices of instruments known as credit default swaps .
…. When the price of a credit default swap goes up , that indicates that default risk has risen .
Li’s breakthrough was that instead of waiting to assemble enough historical data about actual defaults , which are rare in the real world , he used historical prices from the CDS market ….. Li wrote a model that used price rather than real - world default data as a shortcut ( making an implicit assumption that financial markets in general , and CDS markets in particular , can price default risk correctly ) .
Hmmm .
The implication here is that the fundamental problem with the Gaussian copula — which was the mathematical basis behind the proliferation of CDOs , CLOs , and all the other shiny new investment vehicles that imploded so spectacularly last year — is that it was based on the relatively brief historical record of credit default swaps .
I do n’t have any doubt that that ’s true , but a few paragraphs later the real villain turns out to be a familiar one :
“ Everyone was pinning their hopes on house prices continuing to rise , ” says Kai Gilkes of the credit research firm CreditSights , who spent 10 years working at ratings agencies .
“ When they stopped rising , pretty much everyone was caught on the wrong side , because the sensitivity to house prices was huge .
And there was just no getting around it .
Why did n’t rating agencies build in some cushion for this sensitivity to a house - price - depreciation scenario ?
Because if they had , they would have never rated a single mortgage - backed CDO . ”
There ’s just no getting around it : there might have been technical problems with the Gaussian copula function , but even if it had worked the way people thought it did it would n’t have mattered .
The rating agencies and the sell - side BSDs were just using it as an excuse to pretend that house prices would rise forever anyway .
That was a far more fundamental problem than the statistical shortcomings of the formulae they used .
Still , it ’s an intriguing piece that ’s worth reading .
You can put it alongside Joe Nocera ’s piece last month on Value at Risk , yet another quant model developed at JPMorgan whose wide misuse contributed mightily to our current economic meltdown .
When common sense takes a holiday , it turns out , all the math in the world ca n’t save you .
Aalpha has been a pleasure .
Aalpha has been painstakingly thorough from project conception to the final module .
Aalpha has been patient and has adhered closely to our contract even when we encountered some undefined gray areas .
Aalpha has generated an outstanding product in a timely fashion at a reasonable price .
But , most importantly Aalpha has remained flexible throughout the project .
I have recommended Aalpha ’s service to two other companies and would not hesitate to use their services again .
Randy Blumhagen Founder at ToneStac , Inc .
But in another conversation with one of the gunman , the Pakistani controller gave detailed instructions on how apparently Nurma and another woman should be killed : " Stand her up on this side of the door .
Shoot her in such a way that the bullet goes right through her head and out the other side .
The bullet should not get stuck in her body
Do it , I 'm listening , " he hectored his gunman in Nariman House , where six , including the Rabbi of a Jewish charity and his wife were killed .
" One is done ? " he demanded , and his gunman replied : " Both are finished . "
Mrs Rabinovich had been staying at Mumbai's Chabad Lubavitch charity where she was planning to complete her emigration to Israel the following week .
From CreationWiki , the encyclopedia of creation science
Created kinds are organisms that are defined by creation biology as sharing a common ancestry .
The phrase refers to the Genesis account of the creation week during which God created many kinds of plants and animals .
They are also referred to as " original kinds , " " Genesis kinds , " and more formally by creation scientists as baramin , a term coined in 1941 by Frank Marsh from the Hebrew words ברוֹא , bara ( create ) and מִין , min ( kind ) .
The study of baramin ( known as Baraminology ) is a rapidly growing field of creation science involved with the identification of the created kinds . [ 1 ]
History of the Concept
The concept of the " created kind " originates from the biblical book of Genesis where it is first mentioned in chapter 1 .
" The earth brought forth vegetation , plants yielding seed after their kind , and trees bearing fruit with seed in them , after their kind ; and God saw that it was good .
There was evening and there was morning , a third day ...
Then God said , ' Let the waters teem with swarms of living creatures , and let birds fly above the earth in the open expanse of the heavens . '
God created the great sea monsters and every living creature that moves , with which the waters swarmed after their kind , and every winged bird after its kind ; and God saw that it was good .
God blessed them , saying , ' Be fruitful and multiply , and fill the waters in the seas , and let birds multiply on the earth . '
There was evening and there was morning , a fifth day .
Then God said , ' Let the earth bring forth living creatures after their kind : cattle and creeping things and beasts of the earth after their kind ' ; and it was so . "
Genesis 1:12 - 24
In contrast to the evolutionary principle of common ancestry , creation biologists argue that organisms were created in a finite number of discrete forms as described in the Bible , which subsequently diversified through speciation and microevolution .
There is much uncertainty about what exactly the Bible means when it talks of " kinds " .
The original Hebrew word min is used to describe a variety of groups of organisms .
Nevertheless , creationists are in agreement that the phrase refers to a distinct barrier between different types or organisms and a limitation on variation .
In The Genesis Record ( 1976 ) , Henry Morris states :
“ It is significant that the phrase “ after his kind ” occurs ten times in the first chapter of Genesis .
Whatever precisely is meant by the term “ kind ” ( Hebrew min ) , it does indicate the limitations of variation .
Each organism was to reproduce after its own kind , not after some other kind . [ 2 ] ”
Early creationists used the word " species " ( Latin for " kind " ) for the concept of " created kind " referred to in the Bible .
The concept of " fixity of species " persisted in the minds of scientists and laymen for some time , despite the narrower definition of species later adopted , as illustrated when Henry Morris continues :
“ It will probably be found eventually that the min [ Hebrew word for kind ] often is identical to the " species , " sometimes the " genus , " and possibly once in a while with the " family " . [ 2 ] ”
Theologian Russell Mixter comments on this early view :
“ One should not insist that " kind " means species .
The word " kind " as used in the Bible may apply to any animal which may be distinguished in any way from another , or it may be applied to a large group of species distinguishable from another group ... there is plenty of room for differences of opinion on what are the kinds of Genesis . [ 3 ] ”
Due to an improved understanding of speciation , it is now widely recognized by creationists that the process has been a regular part of the development of the created kinds .
In contrast to the earlier views , today most creation scientists see the trend opposite to what Morris predicted : equating the " family " level as most often identical to the kinds of the Bible , sometimes the " genus , " and only once in a while the " species " .
In 1941 , creation biologist Frank L. Marsh proposed that the Biblical created kind could be defined in terms of reproduction .
He argued that two creatures which can successfully mate must have descended from the same kind .
This idea has been adopted to support the practice of baraminology , the attempt to identify the created kinds .
[ 1]
The few creationists who work in baraminology have attempted to derive a consistent set of rules for establishing when this criteria is met .
Microbiologist and creationist Siegfried Scherer refined the criteria to state that if two creatures can hybridize with the same third creature , they are all members of the same " basic type " .
Thus all members of a ring species would be members of the same kind .
Scherer also updated Marsh 's explanation of true fertilization :
“ Two individuals belong to the same basic type if embryogenesis of a hybrid continues beyond the maternal phase , including subsequent co-ordinated expression of both maternal and paternal morphogenetic genes . ”
Assigning the kinds to a particular level of the modern taxonomic hierarchy has proved problematic , as evolutionary assumptions have influenced the classification system .
As a result , the kinds do not coincide on a consistent basis with any particular taxonomy level .
Nevertheless , today most creation scientists identify the family level of classification ( such as Felidae ) as most frequently synonymous with the baramin , whereas for others like humans it coincides with the genus level ( homo ) .
Diversification of Kinds
As subpopulations become isolated , each group is less diverse than the parent population ; some gene combinations may be lost entirely .
The created kind is based upon an idea that organisms were created with the innate ability to vary a great deal , and evolutionary processes are merely the means by which that genetic information is expressed .
“ Each of the original kinds was created with a vast amount of information .
God made sure that the original creatures had enough variety in their genetic information so that their descendants could adapt to a wide variety of environments . [ 4 ] ”
The creationary phylogenetic tree is similar in form and function to the evolutionary tree , but bears two important differences .
First , while the evolutionary tree traces life back to a single cell , the creation biology tree traces life back to a number of unrelated populations that roughly resembled the forms of life today .
The evolutionary model is single monophyletic tree , whereas the creation model contains many polypheletic trees .
Those who tend to support a polyphetlic origin of life are often called pattern pluralists . [ 5 ]
Second , while the evolutionary tree credits evolutionary change to an increase in genetic diversity from simpler to more complex organisms , the creation biology tree credits small mutational change to the rearrangement and expression of genetic variation that was " built in " to the original kinds ;
Many creationists believe that change within a population is accomplished only through the rearrangement of preexisting information or the degradation of the created genome . [ 6 ]
Others assert that organisms were designed with a molecular machinery capable of editing genes , adding new alleles to the population , which generates diversity .
[ 7 ]
It is generally agreed upon that natural selection , reproductive isolation ( speciation ) , and genetic drift are effective in leading to the formation of populations that are highly adapted to their environment .
Speciation and genetic drift is believed to have occurred at high frequencies during the dispersion immediately after the global flood .
“ The biblical creation / Fall / Flood / migration model would also predict rapid formation of new varieties and even species .
This is because all the modern varieties of land vertebrates must have descended from comparatively few animals that disembarked from the ark only around 4,500 years ago .
In contrast , Darwin thought that this process would normally take eons .
It turns out that the very evidence claimed by evolutionists to support their theory supports the biblical model . [ 8 ] ”
Selection is used to explain the diversification of distinct species by both creationists and evolutionists .
Imagine a small gene pool in which there are genes for both blue and brown eyes evenly spread throughout the population .
In such a situation , some people will be born with brown eyes , and other people will be born with blue eyes .
However , if part of the population separates from the main group , and the smaller population has only the gene for brown eyes , then the descendants of that smaller population will have only brown eyes .
The characteristic for brown eyes has become " set " in the isolated population .
Many creationists believe that the formation of the races was also a result of this process .
The population on board the ark is believed to have been a hybrid population containing the genetic characteristics of all the races .
When the population spread over the Earth after the flood , gene pools became isolated and began to adapt differentially to the regions into which they settled .
[ 9 ]
For example , skin color became lightened by natural selection , so that northern populations developed lighter skin in order to produce vitamin D in more sun-deprived areas , while equatorial populations developed darker skin to protect them from the harmful effects of the sun .
As a result of the population isolation , the racial characteristics became " set " in the respective populations , resulting in the characteristic races observable today .
Boundaries Between Kinds
Most of the controversy regarding created kinds revolves around the asserted boundaries between the kinds -- the position that the kinds are unrelated .
Those challenging creation biology often ask what basis creation biologists have for asserting that such boundaries exist , or for determining what those boundaries are .
The project of determining the precise boundaries between the kinds is not easy , because it is in essence a historical project , in which the evidence is strictly limited by the evidence available today .
This problem is analogous to the problems in constructing phylogenetic trees , where evolutionary biologists struggle to determine which criteria should be used in determining how life is related .
Creationists generally assert that conclusions about common ancestry should only be drawn if there is substantial evidence to support the conclusion .
That is , one should not presume that forms of life are related , but should hold that position only if there is solid reason to do so .
In the absence of the ability to directly observe life in its original form , classification of kinds generally revolves around reproductive compatibility -- that is , created kinds are generally seen as having common descent if they are reproductively compatible .
Thus , humans and frogs are considered to be different kinds because they are not reproductively compatible at all , while the African and European races are considered to be clearly of the same kind , because they are totally reproductively compatible .
The classification is more difficult when reproductive compatibility is partial , as in the case of the mule , a hybrid of the horse and the donkey which , although viable , is not fertile .
While it is possible that the two species descend from a common ancestor due to their reproductive compatibility , it is also possible that they do not , but were created separately with reproductive systems similar enough to create viable offspring , but not similar enough to create fertile offspring .
Other criteria for common ancestry are rejected .
The mere fact that organisms are alive is not seen as evidence of common ancestry , because there is no evidence available to refute the possibility that life originated in several unrelated forms .
Genetic and physiological similarities are not seen as evidence of common ancestry , because there is no evidence available to refute the possibility that the genetic similarities are a result of a similar design being used on different " kinds . "
Since 2001 , creation biologists at the Baraminology Study Group have been developing a new method for demarcating created kinds .
The new method involves the application of morphological character data to create a " biological character space , " which can then be used to determine continuity and discontinuity between species , and ultimately to determine " biological trajectories . "
Creation scientists generally recognize that kinds are a form of clade since created kinds refer to common ancestry .
Baraminology , or the effort to classify life according to the created kinds , is thus the creationist equivalent of cladistics .
" ' Keep my decrees .
Do not mate different kinds of animals .
Do not plant your field with two kinds of seed .
Do not wear clothing woven of two kinds of material . ' "
- Leviticus 19:19
Endogenous Retroviruses
Recent genetic study [ 10 ] has revealed that Endogenous Retroviruses ( ERVs ) have the capacity to attach to RNA at certain sites within a kind .
If ERVs attach in gametic cells , the viral genetic material can then be passed on to the next generation .
Some sites are shared between kinds .
For example , apes may have ERVs that share a site with humans .
Evolutionists claim that the given site was populated in the ape - kind and appears in the human - kind by heredity .
This would make sense , except there are many sites in apes not occupied in humans , and vice versa .
Since the sites are common locations for ERVs to attach , another explanation is that they simply arrived independently .
A more interesting observation about ERVs is that a " kind " will share common ERVs on common sites in the RNA , but another kind will have different ERVs on different sites entirely .
For example , housecats and lions share the same ERVs on the same sites , but their ERVs are not the same as those on an ape , nor at the same sites .
This has led some to speculate that ERVs could be an independently observable arbiter of the boundaries between kinds .
In the end , much of the hype about ERVs has some creationists unnecessarily in a tumult .
Many of the claims about ERVs are not backed up by empirical evidence . [ 11 ]
For example , the process of ERV integration into a host genome has never been observed , and many claimed ERV sequences have been found to have important roles in placenta formation and gene regulation in mammals . [ 11 ]
Before answering on the subject , one should do more investigation on the facts , which will make it easier to debunk , or at least find flaws in evolutionary claims .
Identification
Main Article : Baraminology
To understand the true history of life on Earth , it is important that creation biologists identify the organisms that were created in the beginning .
It is generally assumed that the " created kind " is analogous to the taxonomic Family , although numerous exceptions certainly exist .
A canonical list of kinds has not been constructed and identifications are extremely provisional ( with the exception of humans , on which there is a strong creationist consensus ) .
Baraminologists draw upon several sources of information to identify the created kinds , which include scriptural accounts , hybridization data , and the fossil record .
It is very important not to confuse the " created kind " with the modern use of the word species .
Although animals like the fox and coyote might be considered different taxonomic species , they are still parts of the same " kind " of animal .
The created kind is thought to be more often synonymous with the " Family " level of classification in the taxonomic hierarchy ; at least in mammals ; and occasionally it can extend as high as the order level .
Here are some examples :
Thus the created kind corresponds roughly to the family level of taxonomic classification , and possibly even the order , with the notable exception of humanity wherein the genus is representative . [ 12 ]
Humanity — Dr. Sigrid Hartwig -Scherer of the University of Munich concluded that H. erectus / H. ergaster , Neanderthals and H. sapiens were members of the same basic type ( which corresponds to a monobaramin ) genus Homo .
Hybridization Data
Creationists view sexual compatibility to be one of the best physical indicators that organism belong to the same baramin ( created kind ) . [ 13 ]
This is largely based on the observations that compatibility diminishes over time in related species due to genetic drift .
The Bible also states that God created organisms with seed in it , according to their various kinds .
Therefore , the ability of genetically dissimilar species to mate successfully would seem to indicate that they are related .
A hybrid is the progeny that results from such a mating .
Hybridization especially refers to human breeding of plants or animals of different breeds or species , although wild varieties are recognized .
Hybrid plants are created when the pollen from one kind of plant is used to pollinate an entirely different variety , resulting in a new plant .
This type of crossbreeding shows that the created kind is broader than the species designation , and often synonymous with the family level of taxonomic classification .
To aid in the identification of baramins , a database of known cases of interspecies reproduction is needed .
To meet this need , Ashley Robinson and Todd Wood started an Internet - accessible database of published references to such interspecific hybrids .
This important creation science research tool is called the HybriDatabase . [ 14 ]
The database is hosted and maintained by the Center for Origins Research ( CORE ) at Bryan College ; it currently contains nearly 5000 hybridization records .
Examples of hybrids :
Bertram the Liger is a hybrid ( a cross between a male lion and a tiger ) .
The Mule — a cross between a horse and a donkey .
The Liger — a cross between a lion and a tiger .
Kekaimalu the Wholphin is a fertile hybrid of two different genera , the False killer whale and Bottlenose dolphin .
Kekaimalu herself gave birth to a calf , showing she was a fertile hybrid .
Thus , these creatures classified as different genera are really a single polytypic ( many - type ) baramin .
hybrid .
Thus , these creatures classified as different genera are really a single polytypic ( many - type ) baramin .
Bos ( true cattle ) and Bison ( American buffalo ) can produce a fertile hybrid called a Cattalo .
Bos and Bison are thus likewise the same polytypic baramin , although they classified as different genera .
and are thus likewise the same polytypic baramin , although they classified as different genera .
Brassica and Raphanus are different plant genera which hybridize to what has been given a new generic name Raphanobrassica .
.
The creationist Don Batten helped create a hybrid of the fruit species lychee ( Litchi chinensis ) and longan ( Dimocarpus longana ) , again from different genera .
Fossil Record
To identify whether a particular variety was created or evolved , baraminologists compare living organisms with those visible in the fossil record ( which creationists interpret as having mostly been laid down during the flood ) .
Creationists recognize that organisms change dramatically over time , and many new species have developed since the creation .
However , it is also viewed as improbable that any specific variety would have evolved independently before and also after the great deluge .
Therefore , it is believed to be assumable that any organism alive today , which has obvious ancestors in the fossil record , is a created kind .
Biblical References
Creation
Unfortunately , the descriptions of the kinds of plants and animals formed during the creation week are very general , and provide no specific definitions that would help with the identification of created kinds .
" Then God said , ' Let the waters below the heavens be gathered into one place , and let the dry land appear ' ; and it was so .
God called the dry land earth , and the gathering of the waters
He called seas ; and God saw that it was good .
Then God said , ' Let the earth sprout vegetation , plants yielding seed , and fruit trees on the earth bearing fruit after their kind with seed in them ' ; and it was so .
The earth brought forth vegetation , plants yielding seed after their kind , and trees bearing fruit with seed in them , after their kind ; and God saw that it was good .
There was evening and there was morning , a third day . "
- Genesis 1:9-13
" Then God said , ' Let the waters teem with swarms of living creatures , and let birds fly above the earth in the open expanse of the heavens . '
God created the great sea monsters and every living creature that moves , with which the waters swarmed after their kind , and every winged bird after its kind ; and God saw that it was good .
God blessed them , saying , ' Be fruitful and multiply , and fill the waters in the seas , and let birds multiply on the earth . '
There was evening and there was morning , a fifth day . "
- Genesis 1:20 - 23
" Then God said , ' Let the earth bring forth living creatures after their kind : cattle and creeping things and beasts of the earth after their kind ' ; and it was so .
God made the beasts of the earth after their kind , and the cattle after their kind , and everything that creeps on the ground after its kind ; and God saw that it was good .
Then God said , ' Let Us make man in Our image , according to Our likeness ; and let them rule over the fish of the sea and over the birds of the sky and over the cattle and over all the earth , and over every creeping thing that creeps on the earth . '
God created man in His own image , in the image of God He created him ; male and female He created them .
God blessed them ; and God said to them , ' Be fruitful and multiply , and fill the earth , and subdue it ; and rule over the fish of the sea and over the birds of the sky and over every living thing that moves on the earth . '
Then God said , ' Behold , I have given you every plant yielding seed that is on the surface of all the earth , and every tree which has fruit yielding seed ; it shall be food for you ; and to every beast of the earth and to every bird of the sky and to every thing that moves on the earth which has life , I have given every green plant for food ' ; and it was so .
God saw all that He had made , and behold , it was very good .
And there was evening and there was morning , the sixth day . "
- Genesis 1:24-31
Summary of the original kinds detailed in the creation account found within Genesis 1 .
Many kinds of plants bearing fruit ;
Many kinds of trees bearing fruit ;
Many kinds of great sea creatures ;
Many kinds of sessile and mobile aquatic organisms ;
Many kinds of birds ;
Many kinds of livestock ;
Many kinds of insects , and ;
Many kinds of wild animals .
The Flood
Additional references to kinds are present during the description of the global flood , but again these statements are so general as to provide no specific definitions .
We can only be sure that a great many species from each broad category of animal were present on board the ark .
For example we know that there were many birds due to the statement " every bird of every sort " .
However , we can not be certain certain God created just one species of birds like the " bird of prey " , or several different species .
Likewise were there many water fowl created or just one ?
Animals can change so dramatically through time that making such determination is exceedingly difficult .
If only Noah had provided modern baraminologists with a complete manifest !
" On the very same day Noah and Shem and Ham and Japheth , the sons of Noah , and Noah 's wife and the three wives of his sons with them , entered the ark , they and every beast after its kind , and all the cattle after their kind , and every creeping thing that creeps on the earth after its kind , and every bird after its kind , all sorts of birds .
So they went into the ark to Noah , by twos of all flesh in which was the breath of life .
Those that entered , male and female of all flesh , entered as God had commanded him ; and the L ORD closed it behind him . "
- Genesis 7:13-16
The only specific mentions at the time of the flood are to the dove and raven , which Noah used to test whether the earth had dried sufficiently .
From this reference we can sufficiently conclude that there were indeed a great many birds on board the ark .
" Then it came about at the end of forty days , that Noah opened the window of the ark which he had made ; and he sent out a raven , and it flew here and there until the water was dried up from the earth .
Then he sent out a dove from him , to see if the water was abated from the face of the land ; but the dove found no resting place for the sole of her foot , so she returned to him into the ark , for the water was on the surface of all the earth .
Then he put out his hand and took her , and brought her into the ark to himself . "
- Genesis 8:6-9
Other Biblical References
There are other mentions of plants and animals in the Old and New Testaments , but caution should be given to accepting these as baramin .
Given the rapidity with which speciation and diversification can occur , it is possible that many of the animals listed elsewhere in the Bible have developed since the global flood .
For example the list of clean and unclean animals in Deuteronomy 14 contains references to the red and black kite , which should probably be viewed as belonging to the same baramin ( created kind ) .
It also lists several species of owls including the desert owl , which has arguably adapted to conditions that did not exist before the flood .
" You shall not eat any detestable thing .
These are the animals which you may eat : the ox , the sheep , the goat , the deer , the gazelle , the roebuck , the wild goat , the ibex , the antelope and the mountain sheep .
Any animal that divides the hoof and has the hoof split in two and chews the cud , among the animals , that you may eat .
Nevertheless , you are not to eat of these among those which chew the cud , or among those that divide the hoof in two : the camel and the rabbit and the shaphan , for though they chew the cud , they do not divide the hoof ; they are unclean for you .
The pig , because it divides the hoof but does not chew the cud , it is unclean for you .
You shall not eat any of their flesh nor touch their carcasses .
These you may eat of all that are in water : anything that has fins and scales you may eat , but anything that does not have fins and scales you shall not eat ; it is unclean for you .
You may eat any clean bird .
But these are the ones which you shall not eat : the eagle and the vulture and the buzzard , and the red kite , the falcon , and the kite in their kinds , and every raven in its kind , and the ostrich , the owl , the sea gull , and the hawk in their kinds , the little owl , the great owl , the white owl , the pelican , the carrion vulture , the cormorant , the stork , and the heron in their kinds , and the hoopoe and the bat .
And all the teeming life with wings are unclean to you ; they shall not be eaten .
You may eat any clean bird . "
- Deuteronomy 14:3-20
Broad Biblical Categories
An analysis of the Biblical references to plants and animals reveals broad categories that should not be confused with the Biblical kind - as used by creation biologists .
When comparing the three primary sources , the Genesis 1 account of Creation ( a good framework ) , and the two Mosaic Law chapters about clean and unclean foods ( which shows how distinctions are made within these categories and names specific families within ) in Leviticus 11 and Deuteronomy 14 .
These references reveal two broad categories of plants , and eight categories of life .
The names provided below are the original Hebrew words used in Genesis 1 , because there can be controversy over what the correct English translation for these words should be .
Links are provided to Strong 's definitions for these words for ease of examining how they are used throughout the Bible .
Plants
Genesis 1:11 - 12 provides 2 definite categories of plants .
A third possible type may be mentioned , Deshe ( KJV grass ) , but may just be a generic term for plants used to describe the following 2 , especially since the word Miyn ( KJV kind ) is not clearly used of it .
Life
Concerning other life , the following categories are provided in Genesis 1:20 - 30 :
Featured Article
Recognized for exceptional quality and value .
See also other
featured articles .
