Subjected to more than a century of propaganda masquerading as news , Russians often seem to live in a different reality from the rest of us .
At a time when their country is locked in its worst financial crisis in a decade , Russians are more optimistic about the economy than they have ever been .
According to opinion polls , 57 % reckon it is flourishing , up from 53 % in July .
The survey 's findings are a triumph for the state , proving that the Kremlin has not lost its touch when it comes to manipulating fact .
Obeying orders from the top , Russian television has banned the use of words such as " crisis , " " decline " and " devaluation . "
Coverage of the mayhem in the country 's stock market , where shares have fallen by 75 % since August ( see chart above ) , is scant .
Instead , just as in Soviet times , Russians are told how bad everything is in the West .
The US , Russians are told , is in irreversible decline , while desperate Britons are throwing themselves into the Thames .
The Queen , facing imminent penury , has been forced to pawn her diamonds and , according to one tabloid front page , Brits can no longer afford to bury their dead .
It has fallen to Russia , one television commentator gravely intoned , to come to the rescue of Europe .
Russia , another newspaper declared , was set to become the continent 's lender of last resort .
As Russians are frequently reminded , this supposed stability is almost entirely thanks to the wisdom and leadership of Vladimir Putin .
Yet if the state has been successful in projecting an image of calm confidence , there is growing evidence of panic behind the scenes .
Read more here .
HT : Greg Allar
Solar panels are one of the least cost - effective ways of combating climate change and will take 100 years to pay back their installation costs , the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors ( Rics ) warned yesterday .
In a new guide on energy efficiency , Rics said that roof panels for heating water and generating power are unlikely to save enough from bills to make them financially viable in a householder 's lifetime .
In the case of solar panels to heat water for baths and showers , the institution estimates the payback time from money saved from electricity and gas bills will take more than 100 years – and up to 166 years in the worst case .
Photovoltaic ( PV ) panels for power – and domestic , mast - mounted wind turbines – will take between 50 and 100 years to pay back .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Given that the devices have a maximum lifetime of 30 years , they are never likely to recoup the £ 3,000 to £ 20,000 cost of their installation , according to Rics ' building cost information service .
Instead , it suggested people wanting to cut fuel bills should insulate lofts and cavity walls , install efficient light bulbs and seal windows .
Joe Martin , author of Rics ' Greener Homes Prices Guide , said there was an argument for installing solar panels but it was not an economic one .
" We wanted to bring some reality to this because there are a lot of missionaries out there .
The whole push for household renewable power is that you can do these things and make back money but that 's not true on existing property , " he said .
The solar power industry accused Rics of failing to take account of the rising cost of energy and other financial benefits of renewable power in its figures .
Jeremy Leggett , of Solar Century , said : " They are grossly irresponsible . "
Rics assessed the cost , annual savings , disruption and payback time of various energy - saving methods and gave each an overall rating of one to five stars .
Solar panels for heating and power and wind turbines generating between 3 kW and 5 kW merited two stars .
Smaller 1.5 kW turbines of the type installed on roofs paid back in 25 years , received a three - star rating .
By contrast , cavity wall insulation had a five - star rating : spending £ 440 would save £ 145 a year in fuel bills , paying back in three years , while an investment of £ 325 in extra loft insulation would save £ 60 annually , paying back in five years .
The figures were compiled before energy companies put up bills by up to 30 per cent last month and ignore state subsidies .
Last year , the Department for Trade and Industry slashed grants for the installation of household renewable power by 83 per cent , infuriating the fledgling micro-generation industry which complained the move rendered solar panels unaffordable to all but the wealthy .
Jeremy Leggett , executive chairman of Solar Century , complained that Rics ' figures failed to assume any rise in energy prices , when a conservative estimate of 10 per cent a year would transform the calculations .
In addition , Rics had failed to take account of a number of other benefits – renewable obligations certificates worth £ 160 a year to householders from next year ; reductions in energy consumption of up to 40 per cent for schemes with a meter ; the rising payments from energy companies for spare electricity put back into the national grid ; and the increased value of an energy - efficient home .
He estimated the current payback of power - generating PV panels was 13 years .
Rics countered by saying it had not taken account of maintenance costs and that it deliberately chose not to include " ifs " in its figures .
" I doubt however you do the sums , they [ solar panels ] make sense , " a spokesman said .
Amos Brown says foes boycott his fundraiser SAN FRANCISCO Pastor says some people are mad at him for opposing Prop .
8
The Rev. Amos Brown ignited a crowd of thousands with a fiery speech at a City Hall rally denouncing the passage of Prop. 8 in San Francisco , Calif. , on Saturday , Nov. 15 , 2008 .
" I am a Baptist but I am not a bigot , " the former San Francisco supervisor proclaimed .
less The Rev. Amos Brown ignited a crowd of thousands with a fiery speech at a City Hall rally denouncing the passage of Prop. 8 in San Francisco , Calif. , on Saturday , Nov. 15 , 2008 .
" I am a Baptist but I am not a ... more Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Amos Brown says foes boycott his fundraiser 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Tension is growing in the African American community over Proposition 8 , with the leader of the San Francisco branch of the NAACP saying he expects some black ministers to boycott the group 's annual fundraiser tonight because he supports same - sex marriage .
The Rev. Amos Brown , a pastor at Third Baptist Church and president of the local branch of the civil rights organization , and Alice Huffman , president of the California State Conference of the NAACP , have faced criticism from some members since they decided to oppose Prop .
8 .
" It 's no secret that there has been debating and arguing within the organization over this issue , " Brown said .
" Now the ministers are boycotting our fundraising dinner . "
The annual dinner is the local group 's largest fundraiser and is expected to draw as many as 500 people .
Brown said Thursday that he spoke to the national organization 's new president , Ben Jealous , who decided at the last minute to fly out to attend the dinner .
" He said he will call on his friends to support the event , " Brown said .
While the national organization does not take positions on state propositions , Hilary Shelton , vice president of advocacy and director of the Washington bureau , said the organization opposes enshrining discrimination into the constitution .
" Prop. 8 is discriminatory , " Shelton said .
African American ministers contacted by The Chronicle said there is no organized boycott of the dinner .
Bishop Donald Green , senior pastor at the San Francisco Christian Center , said he supported Prop. 8 because he believes marriage should be between a man and a woman .
" That 's my opinion and ( Brown ) has a right to his opinion , " Green said .
" I have n't heard of a boycott .
I am not going to his dinner , and I would n't normally go to his dinner . "
Rochelle Metcalfe , a former writer for a local African American newspaper who now writes a community column on the Internet , said some black ministers are upset with Brown .
" I 've been hearing about people who are upset that he supported the No on 8 campaign , " she said .
" He knows some people do n't agree with him so I do n't think the boycott is a surprise .
" But it is a hurtful issue because it is splitting our community . "
Brown is convinced that some NAACP members are not attending the dinner because of his politics .
He recently had a Sunday sermon interrupted by another minister who was upset that he was using the pulpit to show his support for gay marriage .
He also said Lynette White , who writes a popular Listserv of African American events , refused to advertise the dinner .
White , who sends out the daily list to about 1,000 people , said it was a personal choice not to post the listing until Wednesday .
" I sent out a message about it yesterday , it was n't at the top of my list of things to do , " said White , who declined to state her position on Prop .
8 . " I did n't want to send it out before the election , and that 's my prerogative . "
Brown said some people who had supported the dinner are now choosing not to attend .
" I would say about 25 percent of the people made it known they are not coming because of our position , " Brown said .
" We will go ahead with our friends who have the sense to know the issues well , that it is equal protection under the law and not a religious issue .
" The Yes on 8 position does not represent the spirit of Jesus . "
J. Edgar Boyd , pastor of Bethel AME Church in the Western Addition , said he is a member of the NAACP but will not attend the dinner because of a scheduling conflict .
" I did not take a position on this issue in front of my congregation but our general assembly agreed that marriage was between a man and a woman , " said Boyd .
" We follow that direction .
" The people have spoken on this issue .
It became law and everyone should abide by that .
The tension is mostly coming from people who disagree with that , but they had their opportunity and the yes campaign won . "
Brentwood Mall is the definition of sleepy .
The northern Burnaby mall is not quiet by any means , and is just as busy as any average shopping mall ( excluding the one nearest to it , Metrotown Mall , but we do n’t count the biggest mall in BC ) .
But it does seem to draw an older clientele with a B - grade offering of stores and services .
It ’s anchored not by Sears and The Bay like most , but by Sears and Zellers , which makes a bigger difference than you might expect .
Must be the two dollar pancakes at the Zellers restaurant .
Anyway , after scouring for a place to park and looking forward to getting my croissant on , I swing by EB Games to see if I can pick up a copy of Crono Trigger DS .
I get in line and watch a minor drama unfold .
There was a man at the till talking to a CSR , trying to buy something .
The CSR was looking a little skeptically at him , and for good reason .
Let me paint you a picture .
The guy is about six feet tall with a shaved head .
He has scars on his forehead and some fresh wounds from what I can only assume was fistfight , as they matched the slight black eye he has .
He has no facial hair but has some sunglasses resting on his head .
He is wearing a worn out white sweater , custom made .
The sweater has the words “ It ’s never as bad as it can get ” around the neckline and the logo of the German SS printed on the heart .
On the back , it is slightly torn with the words “ Surrey Vets ” on the back , and with some other writing I did n’t have time to read , but I think you get the picture .
The CSR is visibly annoyed , holding a Visa card in one hand and a cordless phone in the other .
From where I was standing you could see that the card was one of those ornate jobbies , the kind with the rolling hills of green and the blue skies with cotton candy clouds printed right on the plastic , taking you away to a wonderful world where you are n’t buying a Big Mac with 15 % interest tacked on .
This does not please the CSR .
See , what I find out after is that the card is a fake .
Clearly a fake .
Not even close .
I got to see it and it was a like a laminated library card with a half - assed faux hologram in the corner .
So obviously the CSR calls security , manifesting in a couple of brawny chaps with ear radios and pepper spray to the rescue .
As security is asking him to leave over his protests that his card is legitimate , a few uncomfortable customers ( myself included ) look on and exchange glances .
I ’m meeting eyes with one of these when the skinhead turns to us and says “ are you going to let this n****r kick me out of the store ” , in a way I took to be not rhetorical .
So , with security close by and with a few other customers between him and I and feeling full of sass , I answer .
“ Yeah man , I was totally black before I got right with Jesus ” .
His eyes met mine , his arms went slack at his sides as I struggled to maintain eye contact and a straight face .
The security guards look at me for a moment as if asking why I had just asked for this to get worse .
The skinhead stared at me for a few seconds , and sauntered off into the mall with security trailing behind .
So what was this Neo - Nazi buying ?
Which gore - fest shooter with sexual over and undertones was he so desperate for ?
I guess he just wanted to get his White - Power waggle on because all he wanted was a Wii .
Take that stereotypes !
The No Votes
Details on the Republican and Democratic representatives who voted against the $ 700 billion financial bailout plan .
Tokyo , Nov 12 | Updated : Nov 13 2008 , 05:42 am hrs
More than a third of married couples in Japan have stopped having sex , many of them because they are too tired or just cant be bothered , a government - backed medical researcher said on Wednesday .
About 37 % of couples surveyed this year by Kunio Kitamura , head of the Japan Family Planning Association , said they had not had sex for at least a month , compared with 32 % in 2004 .
The most common reason , given by a quarter of the males surveyed , was being too tired after work , while 19 % of women said sex was too much of a hassle , he told Reuters .
Its a question of work - life balance , Kitamura said in a telephone interview .
This is not something that the individual can tackle alone .
The people who run companies need to do something about it .
His written survey involved 647 men and 821 women aged up to 49 , who are married .
The trend could have serious consequences for Japan , whose falling birthrate and aging population are continuing headaches for the government .
The average number of children born to a Japanese woman in her lifetime was 1.34 in 2007 , compared with 2.1 in the United States in 2006 .
Kitamura said doctors may also be partly to blame for Japans negative attitudes toward sex during pregnancy or after giving birth .
He is set to report to the Ministry of Health on his findings next year .
Reuters
Test of the new motor from ETH Zurich 's Department of Power Electronics exceeds 1,000,000 rpm in the digital readout .
Industrial motors can spin at a head - spinning 250,000 revolutions per minute .
But a new matchbook - sized motor runs circles around the competition .
Researchers from ETH Zurich 's Department of Power Electronics created a drive system in cooperation with its industrial partners that exceeded 1,000,000 rpm in tests .
For a cosmic comparison , really old , collapsed stars can spin just over 60,000 rpm .
Such stars are the epitome of the " skater who has pulled her arms in " analogy .
Any faster and the stars would fly apart , theory holds .
The typical kitchen blender rotates at about half that rate .
High - performance car engines typically max out well under 10,000 rpm .
The rotor in the new device has a titanium shell to withstand flying apart like a star .
Ultra - thin copper wire is used for the windings , which are inserted in a cylinder " made of special iron previously unused for machines , " the researchers said in a statement .
Top - secret stuff , apparently .
A Swiss company , Celeroton , has been founded to bring products to market based on the work .
The new motor could be applied for faster drills and more efficient and compact compressors for cars and airplanes .
The trend towards increasingly smaller cell phones and other teensy electronic devices means ever smaller holes must be drilled to make them , and that requires higher rotational speeds , the researchers said .
" Our findings will rapidly be converted into concrete applications and products , " said Johann Kolar , one of the researchers involved in the feat .
Obama answered calls for the disbandment of the White House office central to the Karl Rove - style politics he once condemned .
The office stays .
White House political office will remain
President - elect Barack Obama has answered bipartisan calls for the disbandment of the White House office central to the Karl Rove - style politics the Democrat condemned as a candidate .
The office stays .
Patrick Gaspard , a New Yorker and longtime labor operative , will head the Office of Political Affairs , the Obama transition announced on Friday .
Advertisement
Gaspard was national political director for the Obama campaign and has been an associate director for personnel for the transition .
The office he will oversee has been strongly denounced by some Republicans and Democrats , including Obama 's former opponent Sen .
John McCain , who vowed to abolish the office if he were elected , and House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Henry A. Waxman ( D - Calif. ) , who issued a report last month recommending its elimination .
Obama had remained largely silent on the office 's future in his administration – both during the campaign and in the first few weeks of transition .
An Obama transition spokeswoman said that keeping the office open does not mean the president - elect will default on his campaign promise to change politics - as - usual in Washington , which as a candidate he dubbed the " perpetual campaign . "
" An Obama White House will be focused on meeting the next challenge , not winning the next election , " transition spokeswoman Jen Psaki wrote in an e-mail Friday evening .
" That is what he promised in the campaign and that is how he will govern . "
The Office of Political Affairs was created by President Ronald Reagan .
And while it has been criticized for as long , it has also been staffed by every president since .
Opponents of the office argue that a partisan political office has no business being in the White House .
“ It ’s not an office that should be subsidized by taxpayers , and it should not be part of the White House itself , ” said Craig Holman , a lobbyist with the government watchdog group Public Citizen .
The office has no benefit for the public , he said .
“ I ’m really disappointed , ” Holman said of Obama ’s decision .
“ I really did n’t think he was going to keep it . ”
It ’s a move Republicans will seize upon .
“ Many voters will be disappointed that Barack Obama is doing nothing to make his White House less political , ” Republican National Committee spokesman , Alex Conant , wrote in an e-mail responding to Gaspard ’s appointment .
But others , particularly those who ’ve served in previous presidential administrations , have defended the office , saying the nation ’s chief executive needs someone in the White House to give him a sense of the political impact of policies and legislation .
“ Every White House needs a political operation , ” Edward J. Rollins , White House political director under Reagan , wrote in a New York Times op - ed published in Friday ’s paper .
Rollins urged Obama to keep the office , writing , “ When he takes office , Mr. Obama will face major challenges .
A political office that lets him communicate with his supporters and mobilize them for important battles will be essential . ”
Part of Obama ’s dilemma in deciding whether to staff the office – if it ever was a question – is the unprecedented support network he amassed during his campaign .
His campaign has a list of 3 million contributors and contact information for 10 million supporters .
The Obama transition is trying to figure out how to maximize the potential of this support network , even as the transition collects more e-mail addresses through its website , change.gov .
The Office of Political Affairs could have a role in determining how to mobilize this support .
The office ’s newly named director is known for keeping a low profile , in contrast to the social networking , public display of governing style that has been a defining trait of the Obama campaign and transition .
A veteran in New York Democratic politics , Gaspard , who was born in Haiti , helped out on Jesse Jackson ’s 1988 and Howard Dean 's 2004 presidential runs , and worked for then - New York City Mayor David Dinkins .
Most recently , Gaspard left his position as executive vice president for politics and legislation at the politically potent Local 1199 of the Service Employees International Union , United Healthcare Workers East .
A former colleague recently described Gaspard to Politico as “ hardworking , loyal and very private . ”
New York lobbyist and political consultant Jennifer Cunningham , who was Gaspard ’s boss at 1199 , also recently told Politico , “ He is very discreet , very professional and all about results . ”
In other formal White House staff announcements from the transition on Friday :
The Obama campaign ’s Iowa state director , Jackie Norris , will be Michelle Obama ’s chief of staff .
Jill Biden ’s chief of staff will be Catherine M. Russell , who had the same role during the campaign .
Cynthia Hogan , who has been Vice President - elect Joe Biden ’s counsel in the Senate for almost two decades , was named counsel to the vice president .
And Moises V. Vela Jr. , who was chief financial officer and senior adviser on Hispanic affairs for Al Gore , was tapped as director of administration for the vice president ’s office .
“ This group of public servants will bring decades of expertise to my administration , ” Obama said in a statement released by the transition , “ and I 'll rely on their counsel and hard work as we fix our struggling economy and meet the great challenges of our time . ”
Haskell '98 supports just one array constructor type , namely Array , which gives you immutable boxed arrays .
" Immutable " means that these arrays , like any other pure functional data structure , have contents fixed at construction time .
You can't modify them , only query .
There are " modification " operations , but they just return new arrays and do n't modify the original one .
This makes it possible to use Arrays in pure functional code along with lists .
" Boxed " means that array elements are just ordinary Haskell ( lazy ) values , which are evaluated on demand , and can even contain bottom ( undefined ) value .
You can learn how to use these arrays at http://haskell.org/tutorial/arrays.html and I 'd recommend that you read this before proceeding to the rest of this page .
Nowadays the main Haskell compilers , GHC and Hugs , ship with the same set of Hierarchical Libraries , and these libraries contain a new implementation of arrays which is backward compatible with the Haskell ' 98 one , but which has far more features .
Suffice it to say that these libraries support 9 types of array constructors : Array , UArray , IOArray , IOUArray , STArray , STUArray , DiffArray , DiffUArray and StorableArray .
It is no wonder that the array libraries are a source of so much confusion for new Haskellers .
However , they are actually very simple - each provides just one of two interfaces , and one of these you already know .
Quick reference [ edit ]
Immutable
instance IArray a e IO monad
instance MArray a e IO ST monad
instance MArray a e ST Standard Array
DiffArray IOArray STArray Unboxed UArray
DiffUArray IOUArray
StorableArray STUArray
Immutable arrays [ edit ]
The first interface provided by the new array library , is defined by the typeclass IArray ( which stands for " immutable array " and defined in the module Data .
Array .
IArray ) and defines the same operations that were defined for Array in Haskell ' 98 .
Here 's a simple example of its use that prints ( 37,64 ) :
import Data .
Array buildPair :: ( Int , Int ) buildPair = let arr = listArray ( 1 , 10 ) ( repeat 37 ) :: Array Int Int arr ' = arr // [ ( 1 , 64 ) ] in ( arr !
1 , arr ' !
1 ) main = print buildPair
The big difference is that it is now a typeclass and there are 4 array type constructors , each of which implements this interface : Array , UArray , DiffArray , and DiffUArray .
We will later describe the differences between them and the cases when these other types are preferable to use instead of the good old Array .
Also note that to use Array type constructor together with other new array types , you need to import Data .
Array .
IArray module instead of Data .
Array .
Mutable IO arrays [ edit ]
The second interface is defined by the type class MArray ( which stands for " mutable array " and is defined in the module Data .
Array .
MArray ) and contains operations to update array elements in - place .
Mutable arrays are very similar to IORefs , only they contain multiple values .
Type constructors for mutable arrays are IOArray and IOUArray ( in Data . Array .IO ) and operations which create , update and query these arrays all belong to the IO monad :
import Data .
Array .IO main = do arr <- newArray ( 1 , 10 ) 37 :: IO ( IOArray Int Int ) a <- readArray arr 1 writeArray arr 1 64 b <- readArray arr 1 print ( a , b )
This program creates an array of 10 elements with all values initially set to 37 .
Then it reads the first element of the array .
After that , the program modifies the first element of the array and then reads it again .
The type declaration in the second line is necessary because our little program does n't provide enough context to allow the compiler to determine the concrete type of arr .
Mutable arrays in ST monad [ edit ]
In the same way that IORef has its more general cousin STRef , IOArray has a more general version STArray ( and similarly , IOUArray is parodied by STUArray ; both defined in Data. Array .ST ) .
These array types allow one to work with mutable arrays in the ST monad :
import Control .
Monad.ST import Data .
Array .ST buildPair = do arr <- newArray ( 1 , 10 ) 37 :: ST s ( STArray s Int Int ) a <- readArray arr 1 writeArray arr 1 64 b <- readArray arr 1 return ( a , b ) main = print $ runST buildPair
Believe it or not , now you know all that is needed to use any array type .
Unless you are interested in speed issues , just use Array , IOArray and STArray where appropriate .
The following topics are almost exclusively about selecting the proper array type to make programs run faster .
Freezing and thawing [ edit ]
Haskell allows conversion between immutable and mutable arrays with the freeze and thaw functions :
freeze :: ( Ix i , MArray a e m , IArray b e ) => a i e -> m ( b i e ) thaw :: ( Ix i , IArray a e , MArray b e m ) => a i e -> m ( b i e )
For instance , the following converts an Array into an STArray , alters it , and then converts it back :
import Data .
Array import Control .
Monad.ST import Data .
Array .ST buildPair :: ( Int , Int ) buildPair = let arr = listArray ( 1 , 10 ) ( repeat 37 ) :: Array Int Int arr ' = modifyAsST arr in ( arr ! 1 , arr ' !
1 ) modifyAsST :: Array Int Int ->
Array Int Int modifyAsST arr = runST $ do starr <- thaw arr compute starr newarr <- freeze starr return newarr compute :: STArray s Int Int -> ST s ( ) compute arr = do writeArray arr 1 64 main = print buildPair
Freezing and thawing both copy the entire array .
If you want to use the same memory locations before and after freezing or thawing but can allow some access restrictions , see the section Unsafe operations and running over array elements .
DiffArray [ edit ]
As we already stated , the update operation on immutable arrays ( IArray ) just creates a new copy of the array , which is very inefficient , but it is a pure operation which can be used in pure functions .
On the other hand , updates on mutable arrays ( MArray ) are efficient but can be done only in monadic code .
DiffArray ( defined in Data. Array .
Diff ) combines the best of both worlds - it supports the IArray interface and therefore can be used in a purely functional way , but internally it uses the efficient update of MArrays .
How does this trick work ?
DiffArray has a pure external interface , but internally it is represented as a reference to an IOArray .
When the ' // ' operator is applied to a diff array , its contents are physically updated in place .
The old array silently changes its representation without changing the visible behavior : it stores a link to the new current array along with the difference to be applied to get the old contents .
So if a diff array is used in a single - threaded style , that is , after '// ' application the old version is no longer used , then a !
i takes O ( 1 ) time and a // d takes O ( n ) time .
Accessing elements of older versions gradually becomes slower .
Updating an array which is not current makes a physical copy .
The resulting array is unlinked from the old family .
So you can obtain a version which is guaranteed to be current and thus has fast element access by performing the " identity update " , old // [ ] .
The library provides two " differential " array constructors - DiffArray , made internally from IOArray , and DiffUArray , based on IOUArray .
If you really need to , you can construct new " differential " array types from any ' MArray ' types living in the ' IO ' monad .
See the module documentation for further details .
Usage of DiffArray does n't differ from that of Array , the only difference is memory consumption and speed :
import Data .
Array .
Diff main = do let arr = listArray ( 1 , 1000 ) [ 1 .. 1000 ] :: DiffArray Int Int a = arr !
1 arr2 = arr // [ ( 1 , 37 ) ] b = arr2 !
1 print ( a , b )
You can use ' seq ' to force evaluation of array elements prior to updating an array :
import Data .
Array .
Diff main = do let arr = listArray ( 1 , 1000 ) [ 1 .. 1000 ] :: DiffArray Int Int a = arr !
1 b = arr !
2 arr2 = a ` seq ` b ` seq ` ( arr // [ ( 1 , 37 ) , ( 2 , 64 ) ] ) c = arr2 !
1 print ( a , b , c )
Unboxed arrays [ edit ]
In most implementations of lazy evaluation , values are represented at runtime as pointers to either their value , or code for computing their value .
This extra level of indirection , together with any extra tags needed by the runtime , is known as a box .
The default " boxed " arrays consist of many of these boxes , each of which may compute its value separately .
This allows for many neat tricks , like recursively defining an array 's elements in terms of one another , or only computing the specific elements of the array which are ever needed .
However , for large arrays , it costs a lot in terms of overhead , and if the entire array is always needed , it can be a waste .
Unboxed arrays ( defined in Data. Array .
Unboxed ) are more like arrays in C - they contain just the plain values without this extra level of indirection , so that , for example , an array of 1024 values of type Int32 will use only 4 kb of memory .
Moreover , indexing of such arrays can be significantly faster .
Of course , unboxed arrays have their own disadvantages .
First , unboxed arrays can be made only of plain values having a fixed size -- Int , Word , Char , Bool , Ptr , Double and others ( listed in the UArray class definition ) .
You can even implement unboxed arrays yourself for other simple types , including enumerations .
But Integer , String and any other types defined with variable size cannot be elements of unboxed arrays .
Second , without that extra level of indirection , all of the elements in an unboxed array must be evaluated when the array is evaluated , so you lose the benefits of lazy evaluation .
Indexing the array to read just one element will construct the entire array .
This is not much of a loss if you will eventually need the whole array , but it does prevent recursively defining the array elements in terms of each other , and may be too expensive if you only ever need specific values .
Nevertheless , unboxed arrays are a very useful optimization instrument , and I recommend using them as much as possible .
All main array types in the library have unboxed counterparts :
Array - UArray ( module Data.Array .
Unboxed ) IOArray - IOUArray ( module Data.Array .IO ) STArray - STUArray ( module Data.Array .ST ) DiffArray - DiffUArray ( module Data.Array .
Diff )
So , basically replacing boxed arrays in your program with unboxed ones is very simple - just add ' U ' to the type signatures , and you are done !
Of course , if you change Array to UArray , you also need to add " Data. Array .
Unboxed " to your imports list .
StorableArray [ edit ]
A storable array ( Data. Array .
Storable ) is an IO - mutable array which stores its contents in a contiguous memory block living in the C heap .
Elements are stored according to the class ' Storable ' .
You can obtain the pointer to the array contents to manipulate elements from languages like C .
It is similar to ' IOUArray ' ( in particular , it implements the same MArray interface ) but slower .
The advantage is that it 's compatible with C through the foreign function interface .
The memory addresses of storable arrays are fixed , so you can pass them to C routines .
The pointer to the array contents is obtained by ' withStorableArray ' .
The idea is similar to ' Foreign Ptr ' ( used internally here ) .
The pointer should be used only during execution of the ' IO ' action returned by the function passed as argument to ' withStorableArray ' .
{-# OPTIONS_GHC - fglasgow - exts #-} import Data .
Array .
Storable import Foreign .
Ptr import Foreign .C.Types main = do arr <- newArray ( 1 , 10 ) 37 :: IO ( StorableArray Int Int ) a <- readArray arr 1 withStorableArray arr ( \ ptr -> memset ptr 0 40 ) b <- readArray arr 1 print ( a , b ) foreign import ccall unsafe " string.h " memset :: Ptr a -> CInt -> CSize -> IO ()
If you want to use this pointer afterwards , ensure that you call ' touchStorableArray ' AFTER the last use of the pointer , so that the array will be not freed too early .
Additional comments : GHC 6.6 should make access to a ' StorableArray ' as fast as to any other unboxed array .
The only difference between ' StorableArray ' and ' UArray ' will be that UArray lies in relocatable part of GHC heap while ' StorableArray ' lies in non-relocatable part and therefore keep the fixed address , what allow to pass this address to the C routines and save it in the C data structures .
GHC 6.6 also adds ' unsafeForeignPtrToStorableArray ' operation that allows to use any Ptr as address of ' StorableArray ' and in particular work with arrays returned by C routines .
Example of using this operation :
import Data .
Array .
Storable import Foreign .
Marshal .
Alloc import Foreign .
Marshal .
Array import Foreign .
Foreign
Ptr main = do ptr <- mallocArray 10 fptr <- newForeignPtr_ ptr arr <- unsafeForeignPtrToStorableArray ( 1 , 10 ) fptr :: IO ( StorableArray Int Int ) writeArray arr 1 64 a <- readArray arr 1 print a free ptr
This example allocs memory for 10 Ints ( which emulates array returned by some C function ) , then converts returned ' Ptr Int ' to ' Foreign Ptr Int ' and ' Foreign Ptr Int ' to ' StorableArray Int Int ' .
It then writes and reads first element of array .
At the end , memory used by array is deallocated by ' free ' which again emulates deallocation by C routines .
We can also enable automatic freeing of allocated block by replacing " newForeignPtr_ ptr " with " newForeignPtr finalizerFree ptr " .
In this case memory will be automatically freed after last array usage , as for any other Haskell objects .
The Haskell Array Preprocessor ( STPP ) [ edit ]
Using mutable arrays in Haskell ( IO and ST ones ) is not very handy .
But there is one tool which adds syntax sugar and makes using of such arrays very close to that in imperative languages .
It is written by Hal Daume III and you can get it as http://hal3.name/STPP/stpp.tar.gz
Using this tool , you can index array elements in arbitrary complex expressions with just " arr [ |i| ] " notation and this preprocessor will automatically convert such syntax forms to appropriate calls to ' readArray ' and ' writeArray ' .
Multi-dimensional arrays are also supported , with indexing in the form " arr [ |i| ] [ |j| ] " .
See further descriptions at http://hal3.name/STPP/
ArrayRef library [ edit ]
The ArrayRef library reimplements array libraries with the following extensions :
dynamic ( resizable ) arrays
polymorphic unboxed arrays
It also adds syntax sugar what simplifies arrays usage .
Although not so elegant as with STPP , it 's on other hand implemented entirely inside Haskell language , without any preprocessors .
Unsafe operations and running over array elements [ edit ]
As mentioned above , there are operations that converts between mutable and immutable arrays of the same type , namely ' freeze ' ( mutable → immutable ) and ' thaw ' ( immutable → mutable ) .
These copy the entire array .
If you are sure that a mutable array will not be modified or that an immutable array will not be used after the conversion , you can use unsafeFreeze / unsafe Thaw instead - these operations convert array in - place if input and resulting arrays have the same memory representation ( i.e. the same type and boxing ) .
Please note that " unsafe * " operations modifies memory - they sets / clears flag in array header which tells about array mutability .
So these operations can't be used together with multi- threaded access to array ( using threads or some form of coroutines ) .
There are also operations that converts unboxed arrays to another element type , namely castIOUArray and castSTUArray .
These operations rely on actual type representation in memory and therefore there is no any guarantees on their results .
In particular , these operations can be used to convert any unboxable value to the sequence of bytes and vice versa , f.e. it 's used in AltBinary library to serialize floating - point values .
Please note that these operations do n't recompute array bounds according to changed size of elements .
You should do it yourself using ' size Of ' operation !
While arrays can have any type of indexes , internally any index after bounds checking is converted to plain Int value ( position ) and then one of low - level operations , unsafeAt , unsafeRead , unsafeWrite , is used .
You can use these operations yourself in order to outpass bounds checking and make your program faster .
These operations are especially useful if you need to walk through entire array :
-- | Returns a list of all the elements of an array , in the same order -- as their indices .
elems arr = [ unsafeAt arr i | i <- [ 0 .. rangeSize ( bounds arr ) - 1 ] ]
" unsafe * " operations in such loops are really safe because ' i ' loops only through positions of existing array elements .
GHC - specific topics [ edit ]
Parallel arrays ( module GHC.PArr ) [ edit ]
As we already mentioned , array library supports two array varieties - lazy boxed arrays and strict unboxed ones .
Parallel array implements something intervening - it's a strict boxed immutable array .
This keeps flexibility of using any data type as array element while makes both creation and access to such arrays much faster .
Array creation implemented as one imperative loop that fills all array elements , while access to array elements do n't need to check " box " .
It should be obvious that parallel arrays are not efficient in cases where calculation of array elements are rather complex and you will not use most of array elements .
One more drawback of practical usage is that parallel arrays do n't support IArray interface which means that you can't write generic algorithms which work both with Array and parallel array constructor .
Like many GHC extensions , this is described in a paper : An Approach to Fast Arrays in Haskell , by Manuel M. T. Chakravarty and Gabriele Keller .
You can also look at sources of GHC .
PArr module , which contains a lot of comments .
Special syntax for parallel arrays is enabled by " ghc - fparr " or " ghci - fparr " which is undocumented in user manual of GHC 6.4.1 .
Welcome to the machine [ edit ]
Array# , MutableArray# , ByteArray# , MutableByteArray# , pinned and moveable byte arrays
GHC heap contains two kinds of objects - some are just byte sequences , other contains pointers to other objects ( so called " boxes " ) .
These segregation allows to find chains of references when performing garbage collection and update these pointers when memory used by heap is compacted and objects are moved to new places .
Internal ( raw ) GHC 's type Array # represents a sequence of object pointers ( boxes ) .
There is low - level operation in ST monad which allocates array of specified size in heap , its type is something like ( Int -> ST s Array # ) .
The Array # type is used inside Array type which represents boxed immutable arrays .
There is a different type for mutable boxed arrays ( IOArray / STArray ) , namely MutableArray # .
Separate type for mutable arrays required because of 2 - stage garbage collection mechanism .
Internal representation of Array # and MutableArray # are the same excluding for some flags in header and this make possible to on - place convert MutableArray # to Array # and vice versa ( this is that unsafeFreeze and unsafe Thaw operations do ) .
Unboxed arrays are represented by the ByteArray # type .
It 's just a plain memory area in the heap , like the C's array .
There are two primitive operations that creates a ByteArray # of specified size - one allocates memory in normal heap and so this byte array can be moved each time when garbage collection occurs .
This prevents converting of ByteArray # to plain memory pointer that can be used in C procedures ( although it 's still possible to pass current ByteArray # pointer to " unsafe foreign " procedure if it do n't try to store this pointer somewhere ) .
The second primitive allocates ByteArray # of specified size in " pinned " heap area , which contains objects with fixed place .
Such byte array will never be moved by GC so it 's address can be used as plain Ptr and shared with C world .
First way to create ByteArray # used inside implementation of all UArray types , second way used in StorableArray ( although StorableArray can also point to data , allocated by C malloc ) .
There is also MutableByteArray # type what do n't had much difference with ByteArray # , but GHC 's primitives support only monadic read / write operations for MutableByteArray # , and only pure reads for ByteArray # , plus unsafeFreeze / unsafeThaw operations that changes appropriate fields in headers of this arrays .
This differentiation do n't make much sense except for additional safety checks .
So , pinned MutableByteArray # or C malloced memory used inside StorableArray , unpinned MutableByteArray # used inside IOUArray and STUArray , and unpinned ByteArray # are used inside UArray .
Both boxed and unboxed arrays API are almost the same :
marr <- alloc n - allocates mutable array with given size arr <- unsafeFreeze marr - converts mutable array to immutable one marr <- unsafeThaw arr - converts immutable array to mutable one x <- unsafeRead marr i - monadic reading of value with given index from mutable array unsafeWrite marr i x - monadic writing of value with given index from mutable array let x = unsafeAt arr i - pure reading of value with given index from immutable array ( all indexes are counted from 0 )
Based on these primitive operations , the arrays library implements indexing with any type and with any lower bound , bounds checking and all other high - level operations .
Operations that creates / updates immutable arrays just creates them as mutable arrays in ST monad , make all required updates on this array and then use unsafeFreeze before returning array from runST .
Operations on IO arrays are implemented via operations on ST arrays using stToIO operation .
Mutable arrays and GC [ edit ]
GHC implements 2 - stage GC which is very fast - minor GC occurs after each 256 kb allocated and scans only this area ( plus recent stack frames ) when searching for a " live " data .
This solution uses the fact that usual Haskell data are immutable and therefore any data structures that was created before previous minor GC can't point to the data structures created after this GC ( due to immutability data can contain only " backward " references ) .
But this simplicity breaks when we add to the language mutable boxed references ( IORef / STRef ) and arrays ( IOArray / STArray ) .
On each GC , including minor ones , each element in mutable data structures should be scanned because it may be updated since last GC and now point to the data allocated since last GC .
For programs that contains a lot of data in mutable boxed arrays / references GC times may easily outweigh useful computation time .
Ironically , one of such programs is GHC itself .
Solution for such programs is to add to cmdline option like " +RTS - A10 m " which increases size of minor GC chunks from 256 kb to 10 mb , i.e. makes minor GC 40 times less frequent .
You can see effect of this change using " +RTS - sstderr " option - " %GC time " should significantly decrease .
There is a way to include this option into your executable so it will be used automatically on each execution - you should just add to your project C source file that contains the following line :
char * ghc_rts_opts = " - A10 m " ;
Of course , you can increase or decrease this value according to your needs .
Increasing " - A " value do n't comes for free - aside from obvious increasing of memory usage , execution times ( of useful code ) will also grow .
Default " - A " value tuned to be close to modern CPU cache sizes that means that most of memory references are fall inside the cache .
When 10 mb of memory are allocated before doing GC , this data locality is no more holds .
So , increasing " - A " can either increase or decrease program speed , depending on its nature .
Try various settings between 64 kb and 16 mb while running program with " typical " parameters and try to select a best setting for your concrete program and cpu combination .
There is also another way to avoid increasing GC times - use either unboxed or immutable arrays .
Also note that immutable arrays are build as mutable ones and then " freezed " , so during the construction time GC will also scan their contents .
Hopefully , GHC 6.6 fixed the problem - it remembers what references / arrays was updated since last GC and scans only them .
You can suffer from the old problems only in the case when you use very large arrays .
Further information :
Defendant :
Marshall Bruce Mathers , III , Usama Bin Laden , Darryl F. Zanck Institute for Media Domination and Talmudic Studies , The , Philip Purcell , Hillary Rodham Clinton , Engine # 9 , Indianapolis Motor Speedway Corporation , Arayan Brotherhood , Center for Medicare / Medicaid Services , United Negro College Fund , Booker T Washington , Usamah Bin-Muhammad Bin-Ladin , Duncan Donuts , Islamic Republic of Iran , Fort Bragg Military Base , Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , Charlie Sheen , World Trade Organizaton , Garden of Eden , Norman Y Mineta , Rainbow / Push Coalition , Napoleon , Merck Pharmaceuticals , Simon and Schuster , Hugo Chavez , Gangs in Hong Kong , Lil Kim , Lloyd M Bentsen , Sean O'Keefe , Taliban , The , Jerry West , Black Panther Party , Earth Liberation Front , Pink Triangle Coalition , Anti Defamation League , The Rose Bowl , Tonya Harding , Pizza Hut , Elian Gonzalez , Mall of America , Kim Jong II , Shawn Carter , Mein Kampf , Viagara , General Motors , Chirs Matthews , Brian L Roberts , Sirius Satellite Radio , Max Mayfield , Brad Pitt , Pirates Cove Miniture Golf Course , John Grisham , Beth Holloway Twitty , Vladimir Putin , Eminem , Teresa Heintz Kerry , Statue of Liberty , David W Anderson , FBI , John Deere , Jimmy Dean Sausage Co , Mark Emerson , Area 69 , Nelson Mandela , Jean - Bertrand Aristide , Department of Housing and Urban Affiars , Yao Ming , George E Pataki , Foday Sankoh , George P Shultz , Sister Souljah , Huggies , Vanna White , Vietnam Veterans of America , Rush Limbaugh , Wolf Blitzer , Sundance Film Festival , Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms , Talmud , International Atomic Energy Agency , U.S. Department of Agriculture , Pennsylvania Lottery Commission , Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries , www.antisocial.com, Geico Insurance , Six Flags of Arlington Texas , U.S. Capitol Police , John W Snow , Michael Aramcost , Michael Brown , James Hoffa , Christopher Cox , Stephen L Johnson , American Civil Liberties Union , Gordan R Sullivan , Leaning Tower of Pisa , Dosotevsky , Symbionese Liberation Army , Aljazeera Television , Monica Lewinsky , Pennsylvania Turnpike , Iraqi Baath Regime , Ariel Sharon , Sandra Bullock , McDougals , The Appalachian Trail , Mayflower Moving Corp , Don King Productions Inc , Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , Moorish Science Temple of America , Bob Vila , Dennis Hastert , John Walters , Elizabeth Smart , City of Nadi , Michael J Fox , Miles O'Brien , Warren Buffett , Paula Abdul , Denny's , Scott Peterson , Kentucky Militia , Donna E Shalala , Niccolo Machiavelli , Michael Tigar , Brotherhood of the Snake , CEO Morgan Stanley Dean Witter , Edward M Liddy , Guantanamo Bay , Jewish Mossad , Dr. William Pierce , Golden Gate Bridge , Robert C Bonner , Steve Jobbs , The New York Times , Virgina Kings Dominion , R James Nicholson , Madeleine Albright , Encyclopedia Britanica , Academy Awards , Gale A Norton , www.GOOGLE.com, Sugar Ray Leonard , Hubble Space Telescope , Plymouth Rock , Unknown Writes of Norther American Free Trade Agreement , Malcom X , National Academy of Science 's Institute of Medicine , Richard M Daley , Donald J Trump , Richard Jewel , Zacarias Moussaoui , www.ASKJEEVES.com, WKRP in Cincinatti , The Olsen Twins , Islamic Muslim Brotherhood , Ho Chi Minh City , Kofi Annaan , Oprah Winfrey , Motley Rice , American Psychiatric Association , David Coulter , Baptist Church , Uliminati , Founder Adam Weishaupt , www.MEDIACONTROL.com, Katie Curic , John Kasich , Guerilla 's in the Mist , www.YAHOO.com, International Islamic Relief Organization , Burt Reynolds , George W Bush , Paul Wolfowitz , Colonel Muammar Gaddafi , World Wide Web , Monogram Bank of Georgia , Mohammed Atta , Western Uhion Financial Services , Lucy Liu , Jo Anne B Barnhart , Shawn John Combs , Toll Brothers , Comcast Cable Co. , Yale Skull and Bones , Airforce One , Anglo - Saxons Alliance , Frank Sinatra , Jr , Bob Barker , Assassins of Serbia Prime Minister Zoran Zjindjic , Marion " Suge " Knight , Grand Canyon - Parashant National Monument , Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of North America , Jewish Synagogue's , Slobodan Milosevic , Mozart , Drew Barrymore , Michael Savage , Lee R Raymond , Leann Rimes , Outlaws Motocycle Gang , Joseph Biden , Jose Padilla , Nelson Rockefeller , Smith N Wesson , David Duke , William Jefferson Clinton , Sandy Berger , John Birch Society , Medieval Times , Francis J Harvey , The International Space Station , Delta Airlines , Jessica Simpson , National Assocaition of Realtors , Kyoto Protocol , Kentucky Fried Chicken , King James Bible , Richard B. Cheney , Home Depot , Colin Powell , Louis Farrakhan , Joseph H Boardman , Larry King , Halliburton Company , Smithsonian Institute , www.DEFCON.org, Ace Hardware Stores , Holocaust Survivors , www.SECUREDPARTY.com, Jewish State of " Israel " , AFL - CIO Union , Bellvue State Hospital Center , Dennis Hopper , Evangelical Lutheran Chuch , I Lewis Libby , Red Guerilla Resistance , Kraft Foods Inc , www.2600.com, Federalist Society , Small Business Administration , Jeb Bush , Joshua Bolten , Lee Scott , Wu Tang Clan , Native American Fish Society , Church of Scientology , Geneva Convention , National Guard and Reserves , The , Nostradamus , Bumble Bee Tuna , John Fund , National Center for Mission & Exploited Children , Ben Gurion Airport , Dalai Lama , Royal Institute for International Affairs , Virgin Mary , The , Robert M Gates , Bloods and Crips of Detroit , Jackie Chan , Natioal Hockely League " NHL " Players Association , United States Marine Corps , Grace Jones , Phi Beta Kappa , Anna Nichole Smith , Anne Richards , Jenna Bush , Edward S Robinson , Rudolph Giulani , The Da Vinci Code , POW - MIA , European Union , Newsweek Magazine , Equal Opportunity Employer , Marco Polo , John Dudas , Wiccan Worship , Make A Wish Foundation , Unification Church , Leavenworth Federal Prison , www.EHARMONY.com, RJ Reynolds Tobacco Holdings Inc , Public Broadcast System , Newt Gingrich , Statue of Felix Dzerzhinsky , Tammany Hall , Anti-Communist Memorbilla Collection , Kevin Bacon , Byzantine Republic Army , Barry Bonds , Planet Hollywood , Air and Space Museum , Jennifer Lopez , House of Rothschild , M.C. Hammer , Oliver North , Hartsfield Atlanta International Airport , Louis XV , Roc - A Fella Records , Charles Dickens , Proctor & Gamble , Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , Dennis Rodman , Geraldo Rivera , Assistant Secretary For Indian Affairs , Harley - Davidson Inc. , David Stern , Barbara Walters , Bill O'Reilly , United States Secret Service , Comptroller of Currency , Wu- Wear Inc , Michael A Aquino , Japan 's Nikkei Stock Exchange , American Express Credit Card Corp , Michael Moore , Christopher Reeves , Reverend Jessie Jackson , Ben Bernanke , Ben Roethlisberger , Presidental Emergency Operation Center , New Jersey Port Authority , Sears Tower , Negro Justice League , William F Buckley , Richard Reid , United Parcel Service , Citigroup Inc , Queen Rania , Ripley 's Believe It Or Not , Robert W Kagan , John Walsh , Webster Hubbell , Demi Moore , Suha Arafat , Philadephia Eagles , 2005 Roster , Patricia Hearst , Michealangelo , Tara Reid , Porter Goss , Ray Nagin , Whoopi Goldberg , Kweisi Mfume , International Criminal Court , Alan Greenspan , Bolivian Mafia , The , Harrison Ford , www.GINOROMANO.com, Bobby Accord , Phil Donahue , Noelle Bush , Pete Rose , Danny Glover , Lester Crawford , Immigration and Naturalization Service , National Wildlife Refuge , Harrah's Las Vegas Inc , Ninja Samurai Fighters , Miss Cleo , Fabio , Verne Minnie Me , The Apollo Theater , Architecture of Fee Masonry , Jonathan J Pollard , Venus Williams , Fidel Castro , Sylvester Stallone , John D Negroponte , American Red Cross , Trent Lott , Anheiser Busch , Sumner Redstone , Rastafarian Natives , Condeleza Rice , Home Shopping Network , Ben N Jerry 's Icecream , National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing , B'Nai B'Rith , Roman Empire , Hamas , Jack Welch , International Trade Commission , Sprint / Nextel , City of Crawford Texas , All National Abortion Clinic , Grand Wizard of Ku Klux Klan , Queen of England , Chechen Rebels , Spencer Abraham , Joe Gibbs Racing , Computer Hackers and Telephone Phreakers , Killington Vermont Ski Resort , Indra K Nooyi , Joey Buttafuoco , Cathedral Church of the Intercessor , Charles E Schumer , Surgeon General , The , Pope Benedict , XVI , Olympia J Snowe , Merriam Websters Dictionary 10th Edition , Houston Chronicle , Jessica Alba , Randy Johnson , Montana Freeman , First Presbyterian Church , Tony Danza , Al Qaeda Islamic Army , Kellogg Brown & Root , Michael Chertoff , Various Buddhist Monks , The World Court Hague , Henry A Kissinger , National Oceanic Atmosphere Administration , George Orwell , Kenneth Starr , Bono , Verrizon Communications , D B Cooper , Dr. James Billington , Puerto Rican Nationalist Party , Angela Merkel , Catholic Church , Steven Spielberg , Ringling Bros and Barnum & Bailey Circus , Matt Drudge , Franklin Mint , John Wayne Bobbit , New York Stock Exchange Inc , Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers , www.ebay.com, Fruit of A - Loom , Julia Roberts , Adolf Hitler 's National Socialist Party , Marion Blakey , Jason Society , Arizona Game and Fish Commission , www.FRAUDEFEDERALRESERVE.com, Ming Dynasty , Wendy's , The Waffle House , Hoover Dam , Humane Society , Mike Johanns , Richard S Fuld , Che Guevara , Kingdom Hall of the Jehovah 's Witness , Vienna Convention , Irish Republican Army , Richard Thornburgh , Green Bay 's Lambeau Field , Boston Globe , The , Magna Carta , Tsunami victims , Chemical / Bio Sensor Research Center , Unknown Authors , www.Amazon.com, Russell Crowe , Soledad O'Brien , Paris Hilton , Nordic Gods , Carnival Cruise Lines , Meals on Wheels , G8 Summit , Church of Jesus Christ and Latter Day Saints , Fort Knox , Rand Corporation , Vatican , The , Planet of Pluto , Chris Berman , Christina Applegate , Sierra Club , Gambino , Donald E Graham , Donald H Rumsfeld , J K Rowling , US Department of Internal Affairs , Columbine High School , Black Entertainment Television Inc , William Gates , Hannibal Lector , Rosie O'Donnell , Ross Perot , Scott McClellan , Jerry Lewis Telethon , Vincent K McMahon , ADT Security , John Ashcroft , The Eiffel Tower , British SAS , www.ACCUWEATHER.com, Michael O Leavitt , Trevor Smith , Janet Reno , Commanding Officer USS Grayback , Holy Land Foundation , Margaret Spellings , Ben Yahweh , Arlen Spector , Centers for Disease Control , Peter Jennigs ' Widow , Gray Davis , Out - Back Steakhouse , Palestine Liberation Organization , Mike Tyson , Harley G Lappin , John E Potter , Yellow Cab Company , Holy Grail , The Salvation Army , Carlos M Gutierrez , John Dupont , Sumbionese Liberation Army , Sammy Sosa , I - 95 " Interstate " Developers , Consulate General of Nigeria , John P Abizaid , AARP , National Vanguard Books , Metroplitan Transit Authority , Diane Sawyer , Hamid Karzai , Sir Elson John , Aztec Pyramids , Vincente Fox , National Medal of Arts , United States Holocaust Museum , Mt. Rushmore , Thomas J Ridge , Disney 's Grand Floridian Resort , Notre Dame , Saddam Hussein , James G Roche , National Rifle Association , The Bolivian Mafia , People Against Treatment of Animals , Rollingstone Magazine , The Pillsbury Company , International Monetary Fund , Jewish Workers , Island Def Jam Music Group , John McCain , Joseph Lieberman , Ramzi Ahmed Yousef , National Public Radio , Aberdeen Maryland , Amtrak , Ronald McDonald Charities , USA Today , Charles Moose , United Methodist Church , Elaine Chao , Screen Actors Guild Inc , University of Miami , United States Olympic Committee , Paul Revere , Council of Foreign Relations , Boy Scouts of America , Chandra Levy , Knights of Malta , Samuel W Bodman , National Archives and Three Mile Island
It was encouraging to see the uncompromising light of science being shone on the practice of female genital mutilation this week at the American Society for Reproductive Medicine 's annual meeting in San Francisco .
Crucially , the illumination came from two specialists in reproductive medicine within Saudi Arabia , a country where FGM is frequently practised .
The results presented in their talk , entitled " Female circumcision is detrimental to women 's sexual satisfaction " , may seem so blindingly obvious as to be worthless .
But as they explained , the study is part of an effort to build a collection of rigorous evidence about the long - term effects of FGM so that attitudes can be changed from within the countries where it is practised .
" I think the local people can make a change .
If we can convince people that there is a complication , we can do something to change this tradition , " said Dr Sharifa Sibiani from the King Abdulaziz University Hospital in Jeddah .
She said the study would be more powerful than any research carried out in the west , because local people would regard that as an attempt by foreigners to denigrate their traditions .
" The change must come from inside , not from outside , because otherwise they will reject it . "
The World Health Organisation defines FGM as , " all procedures involving partial or total removal of the external female genitalia or other injury to the female genital organs for non-medical reasons . "
It affects 100 m to 140 m women worldwide and is particularly prevalent in parts of Africa .
In Egypt , Sudan , Ethiopia and Mali , for example , more than 80 % of women have undergone FGM .
Typically , the procedure is carried out by a Daya ( an elderly female birth attendant ) when a baby girl is a few days old , but it can be done at any time during childhood , adolescence , before marriage or during a first pregnancy .
The scope of the operation – which is often carried out in non-sterile conditions using household implements – can vary considerably from removing the clitoris to cutting away all of the woman 's external genitalia before stitching the wound back together leaving only a tiny hole for menstruation and urination .
Sibiani's colleague Prof Abdulrahim Rouzi said he knew of a case in which a newly married woman bled to death as a consequence of this more substantial form of FGM .
" [ My colleague in Sudan ] saw an 18 - year - old woman dying in front of him because her husband could not penetrate [ during sex ] – so he had brought a knife and cut her , " he said .
Although FGM is most prevalent in Muslim communities , it pre-dates Islam ( and also Judaism ) and is not mentioned in the Qur'an .
For their study , Sibiani and Rouzi interviewed 260 women who were attending the obstetrics and gynaecology clinic at King Abdulaziz University Hospital between February 2007 and March 2008 .
Half had been subjected to FGM and half had not .
The team asked them to complete a questionnaire on their attitudes towards sex and their experience during intercourse .
" To our knowledge , there is no study in the literature to assess female sexual dysfunction after female genital mutilation , " said Sibiani .
They found that women with FGM were no more likely to suffer pain during intercourse or experience lowered sexual desire .
However , FGM made them less likely to experience arousal , lubrication , orgasm and satisfaction during sex .
Rouzi said it was vital to have concrete evidence to help change attitudes .
" We want to document the complications so we can go and argue that there is no real basis for this cultural practice , " he said .
" I 'm interested in presenting a scientific - based discussion . "
The study will be published soon in the journal Fertility and Sterility .
• This clarification was added on Friday November 21 2008 .
It was not correct to say that female genital mutilation is practiced " frequently " in Saudi Arabia .
The data on the practice of FGM there is not good and therefore its prevalence is unknown .
Although some studies suggest that it does occur in the country FGM may be most common amongst immigrant populations .
In Dr Sharifa Sibiani and Prof Abdulrahim Rouzi 's study the participants were a mixture of migrants and women born in Saudi Arabia .
In the first quarter of 2008 , Fox News , after six years of cable - news ratings dominance , saw itself slip into second place behind CNN in the so - called “ money demo ” — viewers in their mid-20s through mid-50s , who advertisers care about most .
The shift came thanks to a series of competitive primary nights and debates among Democratic candidates , after the Republican nomination had already been settled .
As it turns out , in the second quarter , as the Democratic race quieted down and the general election campaigning began , Fox News reclaimed the lead , but just barely .
The NYT notes that the “ back - and - forth these last few months masks a more ominous trend for Fox News . ”
The most dominant cable news channel for nearly a decade and a political force in its own right , Fox has seen its once formidable advantage over CNN erode in this presidential election year , as both CNN and MSNBC have added viewers at far more dramatic rates .
In the first five - and - a - half months of 2004 , the last presidential election year , Fox ’s prime - time audience among viewers aged 25 to 54 was more than double that of CNN’s — 530,000 to 248,000 , according to estimates from Nielsen Media Research .
This year , through mid-June , CNN erased the gap and drew nearly as many viewers in that demographic category as Fox — about 420,000 for CNN to 440,000 for Fox .
Meanwhile , CNN has added 170,000 viewers a night , on average , when compared with the last presidential year , while Fox has shed about 90,000 , according to Nielsen .
( MSNBC , which added 181,000 viewers in that audience , much of it courtesy of gains by “ Countdown With Keith Olbermann , ” still lagged in third place , with 303,000 . )
Clearly , the Democratic race , and the fact that the Democratic candidates would n’t debate on Fox News , had something to do with the shift .
But as the NYT noted , “ [ D ] isproportionate interest in the Democratic campaign alone cannot explain the struggles of Fox relative to years past , and the gains of its competitors . ”
“ I do n’t think it ’s that Fox has slipped , ” said Scott Reed , a Republican strategist who managed Bob Dole ’s presidential campaign in 1996 .
“ I just think MSNBC and CNN have risen to the occasion in a far more creative way , with better guests , cooler maps and more interactive shows . ” [… ]
CNN and MSNBC have somehow managed to photocopy several pages from the playbook of Roger Ailes , the founder of Fox News and its chairman , whose emphasis on sharp opinions , glitzy graphics and big personalities has been taken to heart by competitors like CNN ’s Anderson Cooper , Mr. Olbermann and his running mate on MSNBC , Chris Matthews .
Maybe .
But I ’d offer an alternative explanation : as the conservative movement falls apart , and the country is ready to move away from the Bush / Republican status quo , Fox News ’ schtick has grown pretty tiresome .
Time ’s James Poniewozik argued recently that the network “ has to figure out how not to seem like yesterday ’s news . ”
There ’s something to be said for this .
In Bush ’s America , with Republicans in ascension , Fox News became the official network of the federal government .
Officials were anxious to dish propaganda , and the network was anxious to help disseminate it .
The audience for GOP talking points has , however , grown smaller as the party ’s failures became more overwhelming .
Given this , it ’s no wonder CNN has practically caught up to FNC in the “ money demo , ” and MSNBC is n’t too far behind .
I ’d add , though , that the nation ’s good fortune may actually be Fox News ’ life - preserver .
If , come January , there ’s a Democratic president and a Democratic Congress for the first time in 16 years , there are going to be plenty of suddenly - motivated conservatives looking for a news outlet to tell them how awful the governing party is .
Fox News and its audience want someone to be mad at , and come 2009 , they ’ll probably have no shortage of options .
[ / caption ]
A new camera that will assist farmers , ranchers , foresters and educators is heading to the International Space Station .
Students and faculty from the University of North Dakota built the Agricultural Camera , known as AgCam , which will be delivered by Space Shuttle Endeavour on the STS - 126 mission to the ISS .
The astronauts will install the system on the station but once its set up , students will control the camera remotely , sending commands from the Operations Center at UND .
AgCam will take images in visible and infrared light of growing crops , rangeland , grasslands , forests and wetlands in the northern Great Plains and Rocky Mountain regions .
“ The beauty of the AgCam is the combination of features it has to provide important data to a wide variety of people , ” George Seielstad , the director of AgCam at told Universe Today .
“ Plus , students have the opportunity to do real engineering and provide valuable data to protect our environment . ”
The information from AgCam will provide useful data about crops and other vegetation .
“ We ’re getting two spectral bands , near infrared and red ( in the visible ) , ” said Seielstad , from Florida , where he and several of his team are to attend the launch at Kennedy Space Center , “ but the difference between those two are the most critical for determining the health of the vegetation of any kind , be it crops , prairie , grassland , pasture , or a forest .
So those two bands are critical . ”
The AgCam will also provide better resolution than Landsat , at 15 - 20 meter resolution .
But the big advantage is the frequency of over passes .
“ The space station comes over sometimes more than once a day in a particular area , ” said Seielstad .
“ But routinely , it comes over at least two or three times a week .
Even if it ’s cloudy one of those times you ’re getting an image a week , and that has n’t been available before . ”
Seielstad said regular images will help people in the agricultural industries to monitor their crops and the environment .
“ The best thing is the change of getting an image regularly instead of only every once in awhile .
It will be like getting a motion picture of your crop rather than the snapshot two or three times a season . ”
The camera will only be operational during the growing season in the northern plains of the US , from about April to October .
And even though there are times that the ISS goes over the region only at night , Seielstad said there are more times the camera will be gathering data than not during the growing season .
“ There will be some gaps in the data collection , but it ’s a vast improvement from what is currently available , ” he said .
Another advantage is the quick delivery of data .
“ The data comes back to us from the ISS , through the Marshall Space Flight Center to the UND operations center , ” said Seielstad .
“ It can quickly be turned into usable data and sent out .
You might be looking at data that ’s only 24 - 48 hours old , which is very fast turnaround . ”
All the data will be available to anyone on the AgCam website .
“ There are several Indian reservations in the area we serve and they manage their own resources , so it will be valuable for them as well , ” said Seielstad .
“ Educators can also make use of it too as a tool to bring into the classroom .
“ For every parameter , there are other satellites that can provide similar data , but it yet does n’t exist in the full combination of what the AgCam will provide , ” said Seielstad .
AgCam imagery also may assist in disaster management , such as flood monitoring and wild fire mapping .
For more information on the AgCam , see the Upper Midwest Aerospace Consortium AgCam website , or NASA ’s Ag Cam website .
As regular readers know , I hate SMS ( text messaging ) .
It ’s not the idea or technology that I hate , it ’s just the ridiculous costs associated with it .
Why should I pay AT&T $ 15 a month for unlimited text messages ( tiny amounts of data ) when I already pay $ 30 a month for “ unlimited ” data ?
So in some ways I ’m happy that more people ’s hatred for the service will grow today with the news that Twitter is ending outbound SMS updates in Canada .
The quiet killing of this feature ( made on the Twitter Status blog rather than the main Twitter blog ) , is due to “ unexpected changes in our [ Twitter ’s ] billing , ” according to the post .
The arrangement Twitter had negotiated with Canadian mobile carriers to send Twitter updates via text ( which Twitter was subsidizing ) has apparently seen costs double multiple times over the past several months .
To be clear , while sending Twitter updates via the Canadian shortcode ( 21212 ) will still work , receiving any Twitter updates will no longer be an option .
This renders the service almost useless .
Canada is not the first to see Twitter SMS updates get the axe .
In fact , it was one of only three where the service actually still worked when the company last announced it had to kill SMS in some countries back in August .
Now the U.S. and India remain as the only countries with full SMS support for Twitter .
It seemed like those countries , along with Canada may have been safe because of established relationships with carriers — but that is clearly not the case .
So you have to wonder , how long until the service is cut in the U.S. and India ?
I do n’t blame Twitter here , I blame the operators and their greed when it comes to SMS .
It ’s almost 2009 and we ’re still paying upwards of 20 cents to send 160 characters ( or ridiculous monthly rates ) .
It ’s nearly a $ 100 billion industry , with profit margins near 90 percent .
It ’s a scam .
You can find me on Twitter here along with fellow VentureBeat writers Eric Eldon , Dean Takahashi , Anthony Ha , Chris Morrison and Dan Kaplan .
Oh , and we have a VentureBeat account ( for our posts ) as well .
[ photo : flickr / myki roventine ]
E. Coli such as these could be engineered to carry out useful tasks on a tiny scale ( Image : Wikimedia Commons )
Shrinking robots allows them to carry out ever more delicate tasks .
But even the smallest built so far are too big to be able to , say , imprint microscopic , or even nanoscale , patterns onto microchips .
Now Jan Liphardt , a physicist at the University of California , Berkeley , and colleagues , say it may be possible to create new species of slave bacteria to do the job instead .
The idea is to create stripped - down versions of bacteria , with only enough of a genome to perform certain tasks – for example , swimming along a chemical trail using their flagella , secreting another chemical as they go .
Advertisement
The team describes how thousands of such “ biobots ” – or minicells – could carve out the kind of microscopic features needed on microprocessors , or gene chips used to test for millions of specific DNA sequences at once .
Light relief
Biobots might be created using similar techniques to those being used by Craig Venter to create simple artificial cells of his own design .
They would be controlled using light of a specific frequency .
Varying the amount of light would switch the biobots on or off by activating pigments carried by the mini workers .
But like more normal - sized robots , biobots could be entertaining too , the patent says .
People could race them around tracks , mazes , or obstacles .
They might even compete in biobot war games , trying to track each other down and making a kill by secreting antibiotics .
Such contests would depend on finding an easy way to make the tiny gladiators easier to see , perhaps by making them luminous , the patent notes .
Read the full remote - controlled biobots patent application
Since the 1970s , New Scientist has run a column uncovering the most exciting , bizarre or even terrifying new patented ideas – find the latest stories in our continually updated topic guide .
Read past Inventions : Personal life mapper , Diamond dialysis implant , Healing accelerator , Bespoke spinal splints , Excrement antibiotic , Self - replicating materials , Treatment for fragile X , Dust buster , Birthing computer , Eyeball stiffener , and Hurricane pacifier .
This Russian lady seems not to care much about any kind of baby seat , even on a high - way .
“ Why should I care – that place under the back glass is so cool for my baby ”
By Terry Canaan
November 21 , 2008
While the most visible military action is in Afghanistan , America is acting elsewhere .
We now have troops in the Philippines , helping to train that country ’s armed forces to go after terrorist cells that have executed an American , and still hold hostages .
Our soldiers , working with the Bosnian government , seized terrorists who were plotting to bomb our embassy .
Our Navy is patrolling the coast of Africa to block the shipment of weapons and the establishment of terrorist camps in Somalia .
- George W. Bush , 2002 State of the Union address
Yeah , about those terrorists in Bosnia — Bush ’s case against them was just thrown out of court .
Judge Richard J. Leon of the Federal District Court in Washington has said the government ’s evidence was too weak to hold the five Algerians .
Six years after Bush bragged about arresting them , they were ordered released from the concentration camp at GuantÃ¡namo Bay .
The case against them rested entirely on “ a classified document from an unnamed source , ” the judge said .
“ To rest on so thin a reed would be inconsistent with this court ’s obligation . ”
This was the first legal test of the evidence against the men and the case against all of them gets thrown out .
This is the kind of evidence we ’ve been relying on to justify throwing people in a hole for years — evidence so thin it practically gets laughed out of court .
Meanwhile , the five men have lost six years of their lives to our tropical prison camp .
Far from making us safer , GuantÃ¡namo is actually losing cases .
People leave there with a deep hatred for the American government .
Think about it , if you were snatched out of your bed , flown halfway around the world , locked into a prison camp , abused , tortured , and then sent home , would n’t you give very serious thought to becoming a terrorist ?
Slap any other name than the United States of America on that country and would n’t you see a moral justification in bringing that nation down ?
That ’s what the prison at GuantÃ¡namo Bay is doing for us .
And that ’s all it ’s doing for us .
Remember how the neocons defended torture ?
Remember how we absolutely had to use “ harsh interrogation techniques ” or terrorists were going to get away with everything and we were all going to die ?
Remember that ?
It turns out that by using “ harsh interrogation techniques , ” we ’re letting terrorist get away with everything .
American Civil Liberties Union : Less than a month after throwing out an alleged confession obtained through torture , a judge late Wednesday rejected more evidence gathered through coercive interrogations in the military commission case against Afghan national Mohammed Jawad .
Army judge Col. Stephen Henley held that evidence collected while Jawad was in U.S. custody cannot be admitted in his trial .
Previously , the government had told the judge that Jawad ’s alleged confessions were the centerpiece of its case against him .
“ For the second time in less than a month , the judge has thrown out evidence at the heart of the government ’s case against Mr. Jawad because it was obtained through torture .
All of Mr. Jawad ’s alleged confessions have now been suppressed and the government is left with no case , ” said Hina Shamsi , staff attorney with the ACLU National Security Project .
“ If the government continues to prosecute this case , it will only provide further evidence that the military commissions system is a sham aimed at obtaining convictions regardless of the facts or the law . ”
If you ’re one of those people who just ca n’t get it through their heads that torture is not only wrong , but literally evil , then consider this — it ’s screwing up our case against the people we ’re torturing .
Innocent or guilty , torture has made it a damned good bet that Jawad ’s case will go in Jawad ’s favor .
Maybe we ’re lucky with Jawad , maybe he really is innocent ( like that better , torturing an innocent man ? ) , but we ca n’t be this lucky forever .
Relying on evidence obtained through abuse guarantees — with nearly 100 % certainty — that a guilty terrorist is going to be dealt a Get Out of Jail Free card .
Torture is not making us safer .
It ’s nearly inarguably putting us at risk .
Those are the facts and the facts do n’t care whether or not you like them .
GuantÃ¡namo is n’t making us any safer either , since the innocent people in there are just learning to hate the US .
It turns out that — just as all we pansy - assed , weepy liberals said all along — there ’s nothing about any of this that qualifies as a good idea .
The hard - headed neocon realists turn out to be blockheaded neocon dreamers ; GuantÃ¡namo has failed .
There ’s a way to correct this amazing , astounding , astonishing failure .
Get Obama to close Gitmo .
Not eventually , but immediately .
The longer it holds prisoners , the longer it causes us problems in the long run .
The ACLU has an online petition to urge Obama to do just that .
Dear President - Elect Obama , I was deeply moved by your recent affirmation that you will close the GuantÃ¡namo detention facilities and shut down the military commissions , which have been a stain on America here , at home and abroad .
Nothing would make me prouder than to see you act on your first day in office to restore America ’s moral leadership in the world .
With one stroke of your pen , you can close GuantÃ¡namo Bay prison , shut down military commissions , and ban torture .
If this strikes you as somewhat unrealistic to expect Gitmo to shut down day one , it probably is .
But in politics , it ’s always a good idea to ask for more than you expect to get .
That way , you have something to compromise down to .
Gitmo is going to be closed , we just have to keep that closure a top priority .
Go sign the petition and help bump this up on the radar a little bit .
If something ’s not working , then there ’s no reason to waste any time in stopping it .
System : Commodore 64
Title : Gateway to Apshai
Publisher : Epyx
Circa : 1983
Overall Rating :
Intro
You have a destiny to fulfill .
Will you survive the perilous journey through the gateway to the fabled Temple of Apshai ?
This game is one of the best RPG games I 've ever played , and along with Sword of Fargoal ( another great dungeon crawling game ) , it claimed many hours of my life , and heavily influenced my passion towards RPG games .
This is one of the great ancestors of dungeon crawling games such as Diablo .
Whenever you venture into one of the modern video game dungeons , remember - it all started here .
Before writing any review , I would play the game for at least an hour or two to remind myself of its features .
At 9:00 PM I inserted the cartridge into my Commodore 64 .
Ahhh the sight of the good ol ' dungeon .
The atmosphere ... the sound effects ... the weapons ... the treasures ... a few minutes into playing the game and I was totally immersed .
Only at 4:00 AM , 7 hours later , I remembered that I had a review to write .
Once again , the addictiveness of this game claimed a good portion of my night 's sleep .
Must ... destroy ... cartridge ...
Story
You are not really the heroic type .
But this is soon going to change .
You have been summoned to the chambers of Merlis , an old priest .
The land is dying , cursed with evil monsters and plagues .
According to the prophecy , the curse will be lifted once the Temple of Apshai is reclaimed by the son of Apshai 's greatest warrior .
And that hero is You .
Many have ventured into the Temple of Apshai , but none have returned ( these are always encouraging words to hear . )
The fate of the kingdom rests on your shoulders .
Armed with only a worn dagger and some torn leather armor , you travel east , climb down into a pit , and discover the entrance to the first level of the gateway to the Temple of Apshai .
What evil lays beyond these foul gates ?
Gameplay
This is a dungeon crawl .
The dungeon crawl .
You explore the Gateway to the Apshai , navigating a labyrinthic maze , killing monsters and picking up treasure on the way .
All rooms and corridors are initially hidden behind darkness , but get illuminated as you explore them .
This keeps your pulse pounding .
What lays beyond the darkness ?
The Gateway consists of 8 levels , each consisting of 16 dungeons , each consisting of 60 rooms .
That 's a lot of rooms to explore !
( 8 * 16 * 60 = 7680 , for those who are not so mathematically inclined ) .
Who knows how many hours of play this game claimed from innocent kids , kids like me who should have probably been doing their homework instead of playing video games .
You start off at the first level , armed with only a dagger and leather armor .
In each level , you choose which of the level 's 16 dungeons you will explore , making each game different and providing for a very high replay value .
As the dungeon level increases , so do the challenges .
As with any RPG , your character has statistics ( The exact effect of each of the attributes is not listed in the manual , so this is according to my own experience )
Strength :
This determines how hard you hit .
The higher the strength , the less blows it will require to kill a monster .
Agility :
This increases your change to hit and to avoid getting hit .
Luck :
This affects what treasures you will find and also whether you will take damage from traps .
Health :
When this drops to zero ... guess what ?
Lives :
You start with five lives .
When you lose them all , the game is over .
After completing a level , you will sometimes Level Up , increasing one of the attributes and your health points .
There are also different items in the game such as charms that can further raise those statistics .
Your first weapon is the dagger , but as you explore the dungeon you will find more powerful weapons .
There are melee weapons ( such as a short sword , long sword , and two handed sword ) and ranged weapons ( such as a bow with regular or magic arrows ) .
Only leather armor protects you when you begin your adventure , but as you journey on , you will find stronger armor such as chain armor and plate armor , as well as shields and helmets .
These will reduce the damage you take .
Other artifacts you can pick up include healing potions , maps , and spells .
Last but not least , there are the treasures .
Treasures give you points ( the objective of the game is to pick up as much treasure as you can while clearing the dungeons ) .
The more treasures you find , the higher your score will be .
There are different types of treasures .
Treasures made out of gold are worth more than bronze ones .
Also , the higher the level in which you find the treasure , the more points it is worth .
Along the way , you will encounter a large variety of monsters and traps .
Traps can be found under the floor , under treasures , or other items .
There are all sorts of traps including freeze traps , pit traps , and teleportation traps .
You have a Locate Traps skill which you can use to reveal nearby traps .
You have no way of disarming a trap though ( Except perhaps with a disarm spell if you can find one ) .
If there is a trap beneath an item you seek , you 'll have to decide whether to risk it or to move on .
Monsters also come in different shape and size .
There are thieves , bats , rats , wizards , warriors , giants , undead , mummies , vampires , goblins , snakes and more .
At the lower level you will encounter easier foes such as bats and rats , but as you progress you will run into more difficult adversaries .
In addition to your weapons , you can find spells that you can use such as stun , fear or paralyze .
If you get hit and are about to die , you can sip a healing salve to restore your health .
Some rooms might contain hidden doors which you can only locate if you use your search skill .
The monster AI , however , is not that great .
They will often get stuck behind walls , and you can swing at'em and kill them from the other side of the wall .
You have six and a half minutes to explore each dungeon level .
After the time elapses , if you are still alive , you move into the next deeper level .
You can also decide to move to the next level before the time is over ; however it is your best interest to gather all the weapons and items you can find before advancing to the next level so that you better be prepared for the challenges ahead .
Gameplay is very fun , very addictive .
You can easily lose track of time in these dungeons .
Multiplayer
None .
Controls
There is a small learning curve , but once you get used to the controls , it flows smoothly .
You move your character around by using the Joystick .
You take action by pressing the fire button on the joystick .
F3 cycles through your inventory .
F5 gives you a list of actions including keys ( to open doors ) , locate trap ( self explanatory ) , search spell ( to locate hidden doors ) , drop item , check supplies ( inventory listing ) , check status ( health , lives and attributes ) , check weapons ( to see what weapons and armor you have equipped ) , and next level ( to prematurely advance to the next level ) .
F7 arms a weapon and switches between different weapons types .
I do have a couple of qualms about the controls , though .
First off , any action you take sheaths your weapon and you have to hit F7 to arm it again .
Many times , I would forget to do that and hopelessly mash the joystick button trying to slay a foe , before realizing that my weapon is sheathed .
Second , in order to find out what your health is , or how much ammo you got left , you have to click F5 and go to the Check Status or Check Weapons menu .
This can be tedious to do after every battle .
There is enough room in the top panel , and I feel that at least the health and weapon statistics could 've been displayed there .
Graphics
True classic dungeon crawling graphics !
Very simple , yet very effective .
Sound Effects & Music
These still linger in my mind .
The sound of springing a trap .
Getting hit .
Running into monsters .
This game had a great atmosphere and very good sound effects .
Obscurity
Despite being one of the grandfathers of RPGs , many have not heard of this game .
Summary / Author ’s Take
Have I mentioned how fun it is and how addictive it can be ?
Men like women who resemble dear old mom , and women like men who look like dear old dad , a computer analysis now shows .
Scientists in Hungary investigated 52 university students and their parents .
They also looked at the significant others of the volunteers and the parents of these significant others , for 312 faces total .
The computer analysis of the volunteers ' faces revealed that women often resembled their male partner 's mother , a finding echoing psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud 's legendary " Oedipus complex . "
This proved especially true when it came to aspects of the lower face , such as lips and jaws .
" Freud may be right in that a strong emotional relationship between mother and son have a strong effect on later life , " said researcher Tamas Bereczkei , an evolutionary psychologist at the University of Pécs in Hungary .
There were also significant resemblances between men and their female partner 's father , echoing the " Electra complex . "
This was especially true when it came to proportions of the center of the face , such as how far apart the eyes were or the size of the nose .
The Oedipus and Electra complexes are both named after figures in Greek myth —
Oedipus unknowingly killed his father and married his mother , while Electra wanted to kill her mother , who helped plan the murder of Electra 's father Agamemnon .
Both complexes refer to a subconscious desire of a child for the parent of the opposite sex , often accompanied by hostility to the parent of the same sex .
Bereczkei and his colleagues suggest that people sexually " imprint " on their parents — searching , in the case of heterosexuals , for partners that resemble the parent of the opposite sex .
The researchers argue that people are not merely searching for partners who look familiar , as the male volunteers did not go for female partners that resembled their fathers , and the female volunteers did not go for male partners that resembled their mothers .
The researchers conjectured the male volunteers focus on aspects of the lower face since past research suggested that area is related to how feminine women are , while the female volunteers concentrated on the center of the face of men since it sheds light on masculinity .
Recent findings are uncovering how specifically faces are important when it comes to deciding mates — for instance , women seem to judge potential mates by how masculine their features are , and also seem to be able to tell which guys might be interested in becoming fathers just by looking at their faces .
Since inbreeding has both costs and benefits in terms of reproduction , the researchers conjecture sexual imprinting might have evolved to help people as a compromise to choose mates with a moderate degree of genetic similarity , who resemble one parent but not the other .
Bereczkei suggested this effect might be " even stronger between spouses belonging to different races , counterbalancing the other differences in cultural background . "
He also conjectured that when it comes to sexual orientation , " I expect homosexual people to behave in the same manner than heterosexuals and use parental models . "
Of course , Bereczkei stressed that many factors go into choosing a mate besides the face , such as status , age and so on .
" An investigation of interrelationships among these features would be a very interesting research area in future , " he said .
" We would like to study those specific circumstances and conditions that make similarity crucial , or at least especially important , in mating .
It is possible , and our former studies suggest this , that a strong emotional bond between parent and child promotes the shaping of parental model . "
To further explore their findings , Bereczkei and his colleagues plan to test volunteers with composite faces made from merging the volunteer 's own face with an average face .
" We wonder if these people will recognize ' their own ' face and choose them as potential partner , " he said .
Future research could also investigate to what degree a person 's cultural background influences this effect .
Another direction scientists could pursue is whether this effect is limited to mate choice , or whether it encompasses " other phenomena like friendships , " Bereczkei said .
As economic crisis deepens , rich get richer
Forbes publishes list of 400 wealthiest Americans
By Tom Eley
24 September 2008
Even as the US careens into its greatest economic calamity since the Great Depression , the financial aristocracy whose parasitism and criminality has brought on the crisis has held its own — and then some .
The recently released Forbes 400 list of the richest Americans shows that the combined wealth of the aristocracy has increased 2 percent , even amidst the financial breakdown and recession of the economy .
“ In this , the 27th edition of the list , ” Forbes glumly notes , “ the assembled net worth of America ’s wealthiest rose by $ 30 billion — only 2 % — to $ 1.57 trillion . ”
Readers will be forgiven for tripping over the word “ only ” in relationship to a $ 30 billion increase in wealth for 400 spectacularly wealthy individuals .
This “ modest ” figure — the increase in wealth for the oligarchy in a bad year — is only slightly less than the federal government has budgeted for unemployment insurance for all of 2008 .
The overall wealth of the 400 richest Americans is staggering .
There are no multimillionaires on the list ; a minimum of $ 1.3 billion being required to gain admittance , while the average net worth is $ 3.9 billion .
The combined wealth of the richest 400 individuals is $ 400 billion more than the entire discretionary spending budget for the federal government .
It is more than $ 300 billion larger than the combined 2008 outlay for Social Security , Medicare , and Medicaid .
It is more than 15 times the combined appropriations for education and highways and mass transit .
The personal wealth of the top 400 Americans is more than twice the combined annual GDP of all of sub -Saharan Africa , home to nearly 800 million people , the vast majority of whom live in dire conditions .
It is also several hundred billion dollars larger than the GDP of the world ’s eighth biggest economy , that of Spain .
The club ’s richest member is Microsoft magnate Bill Gates , whose net worth , $ 57 billion , is greater than the annual GDP of about 120 of the world ’s 180 nations .
The year ’s biggest winner is New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , whose personal wealth increased by $ 8.5 billion to $ 20 billion , making Bloomberg the nation ’s eighth richest individual .
On Tuesday , without a hint of irony — much less shame — Mayor Bloomberg proposed brutal across - the - board budget cuts for the city of New York .
He is calling for cutbacks totaling $ 500 million for the current fiscal year , to be followed by much steeper cuts in the coming years .
Meanwhile Bloomberg , in the course of just one year , pocketed 17 times what he is now demanding that millions of working people in New York City forfeit in terms of vital services and jobs .
Only in America !
However , owing to the turbulence of the stock market , great fortunes were being both made and squandered even as Forbes published its list .
“ The Forbes 400 is a snapshot of estimated wealth on Aug. 29 , 2008 , the day we locked in prices of publicly traded stocks , ” the magazine wrote .
“ Given how unsettled the stock market is , some of those on our list will become significantly richer or poorer within weeks — even days — of publication .
Many , including AIG shareholders Eli Broad and Steven Udvar - Hazy , have lost hundreds of millions of dollars . ”
Becoming poorer is of course a relative process ; we can be certain that none of the demoted oligarchs faces hunger .
Among this year ’s biggest “ losers ” — and there is a degree of poetic justice in this — are casino moguls .
Kirk Kerkorian has managed to squander $ 6.8 billion of ill - gotten social wealth , while the fortune of his rival Sheldon Adelson “ has fallen $ 13 billion in the past 12 months — $ 1.5 million per hour . ”
Adelson has managed to lose more in an hour than most US workers will earn in a lifetime .
That the nation ’s financial aristocracy continues to gorge itself even as the economy stagnates demonstrates the increasing parasitism of the elite .
The wealth of the super - rich is no longer bound up with the growth of the real economy , as it was in the days of Carnegie , Rockefeller , and Ford .
Just the opposite is the case .
The wealth of the aristocracy is based on the plundering and destruction of the real economy .
A perusal of the basis of the Forbes 400 members ’ wealth illustrates the parasitic nature of US capitalism .
The largest two categories on the list are “ finance ” with 65 members and “ investments ” with 51 .
Among the “ sources ” Forbes lists for these categories are “ leveraged buyouts , ” “ investments , ” “ hedge funds , ” “ money management , ” and “ banking , insurance . ”
The next largest category is “ media / entertainment , ” with 36 representatives among the Fortune 400 , followed by the 35 members in the highly toxic “ real estate ” category .
There are 30 members of the Fortune 400 who have reaped their fortunes from “ technology , ” almost all from Internet ventures or computer technology .
Twenty - eight more are found in the “ oil / gas ” category .
Among the Fortune 400 there are 20 in the “ retail ” group , among them seven members of the Walton clan , owners of Wal - Mart , who collectively have assets of over $ 100 billion .
It has to be asked :
Are there any members of the Forbes 400 actually associated with producing commodities or creating wealth of some sort ?
There are only 19 members of the 400 in the category called “ manufacturing . ”
However , upon inspection we see that this group is comprised of corporate raiders , oil refiners , inheritors , and controllers of holding companies .
Only five members of this classification are actually associated with producing a commodity — and four of these produce light consumer goods .
Likewise , there are only 11 members of the financial aristocracy whose wealth has been associated with commodity production in the agricultural sector .
But among these , nine are inheritors of the Cargill fortune .
Of the other two , one has gained his fortune selling discount cigarettes ; another by producing pesticides in Argentina .
There are nine members of the group in the “ apparel ” category , which is split between those whose wealth has come from retail sales , such as the owners of the Gap clothing stores , and those who have made windfalls by producing consumer goods in low - cost countries and selling the products for inflated prices in the US , such as Phil Knight of Nike .
There is only one member of the “ construction / engineering ” category , the 321st richest American , Alfred Clark , who has made his fortune by building sports stadiums .
The “ food ” category , of which there are 21 members , is divided among retailers , inheritors , and the owners of single product lines , including the owner of the Slim - Fast empire .
There are only three members of the “ shipping / trucking / transport ” category , and one member of “ mining / lumber ” ( whose wealth came from overseas ventures ) .
In short , the incredible fortunes accumulated by the American elite have precious little to do with socially useful production .
On the contrary , the financial aristocracy has reaped its obscene piles of wealth from the gutting of infrastructure , the shuttering of industrial production , and the impoverishment of working people , the broad mass of the population .
首イボ対策のオールインワンジェル「わらびはだ」、半年くらい首のイボで悩んでいた私も、使って2か月で肌が綺麗になって、イボが目立たなくなってきたんです。
思わぬ落とし穴がないか、購入前に念のため悪い口コミも見たら、
2週間使ったのにイボへの効果が実感できなかった
週に2～3回ケアしていたのに効果を感じなかったので1か月でやめた
など、肌のターンオーバーの目安となる1.5ヵ月以上の毎日のケアができていなかったり、すぐに使用をやめてしまったりなどと、使用者個人に問題があって取るに足らない悪評ばかりで、使用期間と使い方を守ればほとんどの人が効果を実感していたんです。
公式サイトで使用者のリアルな口コミも読めますので、気になっている人はまずチェックしてみてくださいね。
＞＞すぐにわらびはだの公式サイトを見る
※クリックして開かなければキャンペーン終了
わらびはだの口コミをチェック※落とし穴の心配は不要で続けて使うことが大切
わだびはだの口コミは、首イボが綺麗に目立たなくなると高評価でした。
悪い口コ ミ
毎日使わないと効果を実感しにくい
週 に2～3回使っていますが、今のところまだ効果は出ていません。
即効性を期待していたんですが、やっぱり毎日1ヵ月くらいは使わないといけないかも。
コスパは悪くないので、もう少し続けてみるつもりです。
2週間の使用では変化を感じにくい
使って2週間ほどになりますが、まだ効果を実感できていません。
すぐに変化が出るって期待してたんですけどね～。
1～2か月は使って様子を見て、リピするか決めようと思っています。
良い口コ ミ
2ヶ月くらいで首イボが消えた
夏の終わりから春先にかけて、毎年首にできるボツボツ。
乾燥からなのか痒みもあり、毎年の悩みでした。
友達に相談したところわらびはだを進められ、使い始めて2ヶ月ちょい立ちました。
ボツボツが消えてきて、痒みは全くありません。
その上、肌にハリが出てきました。
ジェル状で、お風呂上がりと洗顔後に1日2回使用しています。
ベタつき感もなく肌に染み込んでいく感じが凄く癖になります。
オールインワンジェルですのでこれからも、使い続けていこうと思います。
シミ・そばかすが薄くなった
わらび肌は顔のボツボツのために購入しましたが、シミやそばかすまで薄くなってきました。
ビタミンのおかげなのでしょうか？
ジェルなので肌に負担もかからないので、肌の調子が良好です。
すごくおすすめできる商品ですよ。
保湿力が高 い
わらび餅のような透明な見た目ですごくしっとりしてますが、付けて時間が少し経つとスッと肌に入っていって、全然ベタつきがないのがびっくりしました。
オールインワンなのも楽だし、保湿力も朝まで持つので乾燥の季節にはいいなと思いました。
香りも良くて使い心地がすごくいいです。
口コミまと め
2ヵ月で首イボが綺麗に取れてきた
保湿力が高くずっと肌が潤っている
肌が明るくなりシミ・そばかすが目立たなくなってきた
子供でも使えるくらい肌に優しい
オールインワンだから時短で使える
以上の通り、わらびはだは口コミでも首イボや保湿効果を実感しているもので多数が占められていました。
一部に悪評も見られましたが、毎日使わないと効果を実感しにくいなど取るに足らない内容で、ほとんどの口コミが効果を実感している内容でした。
公式サイトでもリアルな口コミが読めるので、ぜひ見てみてくださいね。
＞＞もっとわらびはだの口コミを見るならコチラ
わらびはだはどこで売ってるか通販＆市販の販売店を調査した結果※最安値＆返金保証付きは公式一択
販売店 取扱 価格や特典 公式サイト 〇 初 回1,980 円
ずっと全国送料無 料
2回目からも毎月50％オフ
30 日間の返金保証付き
プレゼント付き 楽天 × amazon × メルカリ・ヤフオク △ 公式サイト初回分の 約 1.5～2 倍 薬局 × ドンキ × ロフト × 東急ハンズ ×
楽天・amazonの取扱店舗
調査時点ではわらびはだの取扱店舗は見つかりませんでした。
また、通販大手といえど、楽天もamazonも個人が出品していることもあり、まれに新品と偽って中古品が売られているケースもありますので、やっぱり公式サイトで始めるのがベターですよね。
メルカリ・ヤフオクでお試しする場合の値段と安全性
わらびはだの公式サイトの初回分と比べて、やや割高の値段で出品されているものが多かったです。
また、メルカリやヤフオクは1品からお試しできますが、楽天やamazon以上に下記のようなトラブルが多いと言えます。
商品が届かない 商品が類似品や偽物だった 商品取引相手と連絡が取れなくなっ た
実際に、国民生活センターでも注意喚起されています。
安心を買うという意味でも公式サイトで始めるのが絶対におすすめです。
マツキヨなど薬局・ドラッグストアの販売店舗
次の大手10社を調査しましたが、すべてわらびはだの取扱店舗はありませんでした。
マツキヨ ツルハドラッグ ウエルシア薬局 コスモス薬品 スギ薬局 サンドラッグ ココカラファイン クリエイト カワチ薬局 クスリのアオ キ
ドンキやロフト・東急ハンズの市販状況
薬局・ドラッグストアと同様に取扱店舗は存在しませんでした。
定期コースの解約方法と回数しばりについて
しばりは3回で4回目から解約OKです。
回数のしばりはありますが30日間返金保証付きなので、肌に合わないなど万一のトラブルが起きても安心ですよね。
公式サイトのキャンペーンがお得な理由
初 回80%OFF 初回からずっと全国送料無 料 2回目以降もずっと50％OFF
の4,980 円 30 日間返金保証付き 公式キャンペーン限定プレゼント付き
公式キャンペーンは今だけですので、せっかくのチャンスを逃さないでくださいね。
＞＞わらびはだの公式キャンペーンの詳細はコチラ
※クリックして開かなければキャンペーン終了
わらびはだとは※海外でも高評価のスキンケア
国内外で数々の賞を受賞している実績がある
満足度98.２％を誇る
オールインワンなのにあらゆる肌トラブルに効果的
わらびはだは国内はもちろんですが、国外でも大人気のオールインワンなんです。
その理由は、開発者たちも同じ悩みを持っていたので、全力でその悩みに応えたいという思いがあったからです。
でも、女性はいつも忙しいのでスキンケアは手軽に済ませたいですよね。
オールインワンでもしっかりと肌トラブルに応えれる、そんな商品がわらびはだなんです。
イボや乾燥などで悩んでいる方に、わらびはだはおすすめできるスキンケアですよ。
いつまでも若々しい肌を手に入れたい方は、自宅でケアができるわらびはだを試してみてください。
国内外で数々の賞を受賞している実績がある
JMR オーガニゼーション 成分が魅力的なオールインワンジェル第1 位
JMR オーガニゼーション 使ってみたいオールインワンジェル第1 位
パヴォネアワード プレミアムクオリティー 2018 年度銀賞受 賞
モンドセレクション 2019 年度銀賞受賞
台湾の美容番組ベストコスメ賞にて女人我最大賞受賞
国内だけでなく、海外でも高い評価を得ていることが分かります。
さらに、美容大国であるフランスでも楽天の売り上げが1位となっています。
満足度98.2 %を誇る
わらびはだはモニターさんにも満足度調査がされています。
そちらの調査によると、製品への満足度で堂々の98.2％を記録しているんです。
徹底した調査でこの結果ですから、とても信頼できますね。
特 に40代以上の女性からの支持率が高くなっています。
オールインワンなのにあらゆる肌トラブルに効果的
オールインワンって聞くと、保湿効果が弱いなどデメリットがあるように思いますよね。
しかし、わらびはだは高い保湿効果はもちろんですが、肌の角質によってできるイボなどのケアもできます。
さらに、肌のトーンが上がりシミやくすみにも効果があったと言う評価もあるんです。
わらびはだ1本だけあれば、あらゆる肌トラブルを解消してくれると言えます。
成分別の効果と副作用について徹底調査
わらびはだの全成分を見てみても、美容成分がたくさん使用されていて、続けて使うことで美肌効果が期待できます。
保湿効果のある成 分
沖縄産のアロエベラエキスやヘチマエキス、オクラエキスは保湿や肌荒れ改善が期待できます。
また、プラセンタエキスは保湿に必要なアミノ酸をたくさん含んでいます。
さらに、ヒアルロン酸やツバメ巣エキスといったお肌の保湿やハリに効果的とされる成分が豊富に含まれています。
肌のキメを整える成 分
わらびはだには、お肌のイボやポツポツ、ざらつきを改善してくれるヨクイニン（ハトムギ）が配合されています。
また、つるつるのお肌にはノーベル賞を獲得した美容成分EGFも含まれています。
肌のバリア効果を高めてくれる成分
シークワーサーの果皮には、ノビレチンやタンゲレチンという成分が含まれています。
これにはポリメトキシフラボノイド類が含まれていて、紫外線からお肌を守ってくれる作用があります。
副作用の心配なし※徹底したやさしさ処方で安心
結論からいうと、わらびはだには一般的な副作用の心配はありません。
わらびはだの美容成分の中で、副作用が懸念される成分を調べました。
しかし、わらびはだは、やさしさ処方が徹底されていて、お肌に負担になる成分は使っていませんでした。
無香料
弱酸性
無着色
無鉱物油
ノンパラベ ン
さらに、1つ1つ手作りされていて衛生管理も徹底されています。
子供さんの保湿ケアや男性の髭剃り後のケアなどにも最適ですよ。
使う量＆使い方のポイントを簡単解説
わらびはだはオールインワンジェルなので、スキンケアはこれ1本でしっかりと肌ケアができますよ。
使い方の手順はこちらです。
クレンジング・洗顔でメイクを落とす おでこ、鼻、あご、両頬に少しずつ付ける
内側から外側に全体に広がるように伸ばす 気になる所は重ね塗り
クレンジングでメイクを落として、洗顔からスタートします。
化粧が残っているとわらびはだの美容成分が浸透しないので、必ずメイクを落としましょう。
わらびはだを容器から、さくらんぼ程度の量を指先（スパチュラ）ですくいだします。
そして、わらびはだを両頬やデコルテなど、十字に配置します。
顔の内側から外側にかけて、優しく伸ばしていきます。
この時、肌をこすりすぎると逆にお肌を痛めてしまうので、優しくがポイントです。
イボやシミ、そばかすなど気になる部分には重ね付けします。
しばらくすると、わらびはだの美容成分が浸透してきます。
特に難しい手順はないので、毎日手軽に続けて使う事ができますね。
公式サイトのQ＆Aにも使い方について書かれているので、気になる人はチェックしてみてくださいね。
＞＞もっと使い方を詳しく見るならこちら
販売者情 報
McCain Acorn Fears Overblown Charges of voter fraud are out of proportion to reality , say experts .
Oct. 16 , 2008  -- Charges of potential vote fraud volleyed by Republicans , including Sen . John McCain himself , are out of proportion to reality , according to election experts .
The concerns – raised by the Republican National Committee in daily conference calls with reporters , as well as by McCain himself in Wednesday 's debate – focus on the nonprofit group Acorn , whose nationwide voter registration efforts have garnered apparently fraudulent registration cards , some for fictional characters like " Mickey Mouse . "
Acorn , whose registration efforts generally target poor neighborhoods , " is now on the verge of maybe perpetrating one of the greatest frauds in voter history in this country , maybe destroying the fabric of democracy , " McCain claimed last night , citing Sen.
Barack Obama 's ties to the group .
Obama reportedly worked with Acorn when he ran a Chicago - area voter registration drive shortly after graduating from law school , and conducted leadership training with the group .
During the primaries , Obama 's campaign paid an Acorn - affiliated group $ 800,000 for get - out - the - vote efforts , which reportedly did not include voter registration .
The group 's political arm has endorsed Obama 's candidacy .
But McCain 's voter fraud worries – about Acorn or anyone else – are unsupported by the facts , said experts on election fraud , who recall similar concerns being raised in several previous elections , despite a near - total absence of cases .
" There 's no evidence that any of these invalid registrations lead to any invalid votes , " said David Becker , project director of the " Make Voting Work " initiative for the Pew Charitable Trusts .
Becker should know : he was a lawyer for the Bush administration until 2005 , in the Justice Department 's voting rights section , which was part of the administration 's aggressive anti-vote - fraud effort .
" The Justice Department really made prosecution of voter fraud of this sort a big priority in the first half of this decade , and they really did n't come up with anything , " he said .
" We 're chasing these ghosts of voter fraud , like chickens without a head , " said Lorraine Minnite , a political science professor at Barnard College in New York who has researched voter fraud and fraud claims for most of the past decade .
" I think it 's completely overblown , I think it 's meant to be a distraction . "
" This stuff does not threaten the outcome of the election , " said Minnite .
" How many illegal ballots have been cast by people who are fraudulently registered to vote ?
By my count , it 's zero .
I just do n't know of any , I 've been looking for years for this stuff . "
Vote Tampering and Fraud Sees Seven or Eight Convictions a Year , Says Expert
For all types of vote tampering and fraud , including vote buying , Minnite says the Justice Department has averaged seven or eight convictions a year .
Despite the experts ' opinions , a McCain - Palin campaign spokesman reiterated that their concern was real .
In cases like absentee voting , " there 's no way of knowing whether [ voters ] are who they say they are , " said the spokesman , who declined to be identified .
So far , one case of alleged vote fraud has been reported in this election :
On Sept. 30 , an Ohio man reportedly attempted to vote using the state 's early - voting process , who registered under a fake address , according to the New York Post .
However , the state 's bipartisan election board was downplaying concerns over such fraud , according to the paper .
Acorn has defended its efforts by pointing out that it has reported " almost all " of the bogus cards itself , and noting that McCain had supported the group 's efforts in other areas in the past .
" Repeating a lie does n't make it true , " read a statement the group released last night in response to McCain 's attack , " and the McCain campaign has resorted to the worst type of deceptions in regards to Acorn . "
And while the RNC has labeled Acorn a " quasi - criminal group , " not all Republicans share their party 's concern .
Florida Gov. Charlie Crist , whom McCain once reportedly considered as a running mate , told a reporter recently that he was n't worried by Acorn 's registration efforts in his state .
Even the non-partisan truth - in - politics Web site FactCheck.org called foul on McCain 's alleged possible conspiracy , noting that a Republican prosecutor handling a key Acorn registration fraud case has said there 's no evidence indicating the group was involved in vote fraud .
" This scheme was not intended to permit illegal voting , " said King County , Wash .
Prosecutor Dan Satterberg in a 2007 statement , after a federal - state investigation found seven Acorn workers had submitted over 1,700 bogus voter registration forms .
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
CNN / Money has a short article up that has three places you could stash your cash where it would be safe in this crazy up and down economy .
Mind you , I would not start moving your money out of investment accounts to put it in these places , but if you have cash sitting around that you are wondering what to do with and you do n’t want to lose it , you might want to check these out .
Bank Money - Market Accounts & CDs
Bank CDs and money market accounts ( Not money market mutual funds ) are FDIC - insured up to $ 250,000 per person per institution ( $ 500,000 for joint accounts ) .
Stable - Value Funds
Stable value funds invest in high - quality short - to intermediate - term bonds , which are guaranteed , as well as interest - bearing contracts from insurance companies , and are currently yielding around 4 % .
Money Market Funds
The government has recently put in place a new guarantee for money funds – essentially a type of FDIC insurance – promising that investors will get $ 1 back for every $ 1 invested , with no dollar limit .
Granted , it is only for 3 months , but chances are that will be extended .
What are you doing in this market ?
Are you leaving everything as - is ?
Are you moving your money around ?
Are you stuffing your mattress full of $ 1 bills ?
Rashid Rauf escaped from police custody in Pakistan in 2007 A fugitive British militant linked to an alleged UK plot to use liquid bombs to blow up transatlantic airliners has been killed in Pakistan , reports say .
Pakistani media said Rashid Rauf , born in Birmingham , was killed in a US air strike in North Waziristan , a haven for militants and the Taleban .
Mr Rauf , on the run after escaping from Pakistani custody , was seen as a link between the UK plotters and Pakistan .
Three men were convicted in the UK in September of conspiracy to murder .
News of the liquid bomb plot paralysed global air travel , prompting authorities to implement stringent security measures at airports around the world .
Rashid Rauf was arrested in Pakistan on 9 August 2006 , at the request of US authorities , who feared he was about to disappear into the remote north - west of the country .
ALLEGED LIQUID BOMB PLOT
Group accused of plotting to carry liquid explosives onto planes at London Heathrow Airport Arrests in August 2006 , after Rashid Rauf detained in Pakistan Move prompted increased security at UK and US airports
At trial , three men convicted of conspiracy to murder None found guilty of conspiring to target passenger aircraft
Profile : Rashid Rauf
One day later authorities in the UK and the US implemented strict security measures at airports , fearing possible bomb attacks .
Hundreds of flights were delayed at airports around the world with massive disruption at major UK terminals and in the US , amid security service fears that militants were planning to mix liquids into lethal explosives .
Terrorism charges against the Briton were eventually dropped but he remained under detention in Pakistan as a " preventative measure " .
Mr Rauf , who is thought to have Pakistani citizenship through his family connections , then escaped custody in December 2007 while on his way to an extradition hearing under police guard .
West Midlands Police in the UK were seeking his extradition from Pakistan as a suspect in the murder of his uncle , who was killed six years ago .
' Safe haven ' Several Pakistani TV channels reported that Mr Rauf was one of five people killed on Saturday by a presumed US attack in the country 's remote north - western region .
Unnamed Pakistani intelligence sources said that a wanted Egyptian militant , Abu Zubair al - Masri , was among the others killed .
However , the BBC has so far been unable to independently confirm the news .
A young Asian woman at the Rauf family home in the Ward End area of Birmingham said they had had no confirmation of his death , and no contact from Britain 's Foreign Office .
She said the family wanted to be left alone " to deal with this " .
Islamist militants use the mountainous tribal areas along the border between Pakistan and Afghanistan as a safe haven for training and resupply .
The US regularly uses pilotless drones to attack militant targets in the region , a tactic that has caused growing resentment among Pakistan 's leaders .
On Thursday the government summoned the US ambassador in Islamabad to protest one day after an attack deep inside Pakistani territory killed five people - including at least one alleged militant .
Pakistan says the constant missile strikes infringe its sovereignty .
The BBC's Barbara Plett , in Islamabad , says the attacks spark widespread anger in Pakistan - especially among tribal figures .
In that context , Saturday 's attack will be reported in Pakistan as another violation of Pakistan 's sovereignty and not for the possible killing of Rashid Rauf , our correspondent says .
The US says the insurgents use the territory to launch attacks against coalition forces in Afghanistan .
Islamabad has been pursuing a policy of ad - hoc peace deals with local Taleban commanders .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
All Smart People Use Google
It Appears That You Are Not One Of Them
Someone thinks you are an idiot because you were too stupid to check Google before asking a question .
They gave you a link to this site as a joke .
The fact that you followed it pretty much proves the point .
Hope that helps .
Have a nice day .
WARNING : SITE ABUSES
It has come to my attention that some sites are redirecting to this one when their users were not expecting it .
I have no control over this .
The only sites I have control over that have anything to do with this site are justfuckinggoogleit.com , www.justfuckinggoogleit.com, fuckinggoogleit.com , and www.fuckinggoogleit.com.
If any other site is sending you here , it is their problem , not mine .
They may have been hacked , or they may be playing a joke .
I do n't know , and I can't do anything about it .
Please stop sending me e-mail about this issue .
Please direct abuse reports or server problems to webmaster@justfuckinggoogleit.com
Google does not endorse this site , and is not associated with it in any way whatsoever .
I have added an information page
By the way , http://www.justfuckinggoogleit.com/search/foo bar will show this page and then redirect users to the Google page for searching on " foo bar " , as will many other variants .
" It could be any one of them and it would be foolish to speculate so soon , but I am 99.9 per cent sure there is a religious element to this , " he said .
Up to 30,000 climate refugees could be created if plans to build a new coal - fired power station go ahead , a report claimed today .
The findings by the World Development Movement were released as environmental activists prepare to stage a 48 - hour protest today as part of their ongoing campaign against the new plant at Kingsnorth power station in Kent .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The group 's report entitled " Carbon Evictions : the UK's role in the forced migration of climate refugees " , claims 30,000 people - the population of Strood , close to the site - would become refugees worldwide as a result of the new plant .
It estimated the UK would be responsible for 5 per cent of global C02 emissions causing a 4C rise in global warming , thus creating 10 million of the predicted 200 million climate refugees by 2050 .
Benedict Southworth , director of the World Development Movement said : " The effects that climate change will have on the world include more and worse cyclones ; flooding ; drought ; and sea level rises that will force people to leave their homes .
" The Government must wake up and realise that we can't promise to reduce carbon emissions with one hand and give carbon intensive projects like the Kingsnorth coal power station the thumbs up with the other .
" If emissions are n't reduced significantly in the UK , 10 million of the poorest people in the world will become homeless .
Those people have done little to contribute to climate change , but they will suffer the worst consequences . "
Camp for Climate Action , who is organising the two - day action , said protests will take place across the country , with supporters planning to target plant owners E.ON and potentially banks that have invested in the company .
The group orchestrated a week - long heavily policed protest at the site near Hoo in August , culminating in a day of direct action , during which campaigners attempted to " shut down " the power station .
Susan Moore , of Camp for Climate Action , said : " E.ON , companies in its supply chain and anyone associated with new coal in the UK are all potential targets .
Burning coal is the dirtiest way to produce electricity and we refuse to stand by as the green light is given to a new generation of coal fired power stations . "
The current E.ON - owned Kingsnorth plant is due to close in 2015 .
However , the company plans to replace it with a new two - unit coal - fired power station , the first for 30 years , which it claims will be 20 per cent cleaner .
Emily Highmore , E.ON spokeswoman , said : " We are respectful of their right to protest .
Our concern is that they do it peacefully and lawfully . "
Hundreds of protesters seeking to topple Thailand ’s prime minister seized Bangkok ’s international airport terminal Tuesday , forcing cancellation of all flights .
Members and supporters of the People ’s Alliance for Democracy stormed through police lines at Suvarnabhumi Airport and into the fourth - floor departure area , according to reports from Bangkok .
They were armed with metal rods , sticks and golf clubs .
That forced officials initially to suspend outbound flights .
Before they canceled all air traffic , some arriving flights were rerouted to the northern city of Chiang Mai or the southern resort island of Phuket .
Images of angry tourists stranded in an airport terminal besieged by demonstrators were being broadcast around the world just as struggling resorts and hotels prepare for the peak vacation season .
The multibillion - dollar tourism industry is a crucial component of the Thai economy .
Advertisement
Protesters demanded that airlines get their permission to use the airport , and they briefly entered the control tower .
Earlier Tuesday ,
Thai television showed alliance supporters firing pistols and slingshots at government supporters who had pelted the protesters with rocks as they rode in a truck from a demonstration at Don Muang airport , Bangkok ’s older and smaller airfield .
Eleven people were reported injured , most of them government supporters .
One was in critical condition with a gunshot wound to the chest .
Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat set up temporary offices at Don Muang after thousands of alliance supporters ringed the parliament building last month .
Somchai escaped then by climbing over a back fence .
Advertisement
The six - month standoff pits the alliance , drawn mainly from urban Thailand , against Somchai ’s more numerous rural backers .
He is due to return today from a summit of Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation leaders in Peru .
Somchai is the brother - in - law of exiled former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was forced from power by a bloodless military coup in 2006 .
The opposition regards Somchai as a puppet of Thaksin , a mobile - phone tycoon .
Last month , the Supreme Court found the former leader guilty of corruption for having violated conflict - of - interest rules in helping his wife buy land from a government agency at cut -rate prices .
The 2006 coup was sparked by widespread protests , and the People ’s Alliance for Democracy appears to hope it can provoke military intervention again .
But military commanders repeatedly have said they will not step in .
Advertisement
Analysts have suggested the alliance is losing support from its main backers in business and among the middle class as they feel the effect of the worsening global economy .
The anti-government alliance launched what it called “ the last battle ” on Monday , but failed to bring 100,000 supporters into the streets as it had predicted .
Police said one - tenth that number demonstrated outside Don Muang airport .
Calls for a national strike have also gone largely unheeded .
“ The PAD needs to increase the level of the demonstration and use nonviolent protest and close Suvarnabhumi Airport to send a final word ” to Somchai and his government , the alliance said in a statement .
It called on the prime minister to “ resign immediately and without conditions . ”
--
Advertisement
paul.watson@latimes.com
By Jonquil Frankham
WASHINGTON , DC , November 13 , 2008 ( LifeSiteNews.com )
– " Why believe in a god ?
Just be good for goodness ’ sake , " proclaims a new ad campaign by the American Humanist Association meant to coincide with the Christmas season .
The campaign has already been launched in the New York Times and the Washington Post , and is due for the sides , backs , and interiors of more than 200 Washington buses by December 1st .
The American Humanist Association predicts that the ads will raise public awareness , and controversy , about the debate between science and religion .
It is set to run throughout the Christmas season , says AHA president Fred Edwords , “ to reach those open to this message but unaware how widespread their views are . ”
He also says , “ There are an awful lot of agnostics , atheists and other types of non-theists who feel a little alone during the holidays because of its association with traditional religion . "
“ Morality does n’t come from religion , ” says Edwords .
“ It ’s a set of values embraced by individuals and society based on empathy , fairness , and experience . "
He says that the intention of the ad campaign is not to offend , though he admits that “ some folks may be offended . ”
But Bill Donohue , president of the Catholic League , counters , “ Codes of morality , of course , have always been grounded in religion .
For those of us in Western civilization , its tenets emanate from the Judeo - Christian ethos .
By casting this heritage aside , and replacing it with nothing more than the conscience of lone individuals , we lay the groundwork for moral anarchy . ”
“ And that is because there is nothing that can not be justified if the only moral benchmark is what men and women posit to be right and wrong .
Indeed , every monster in history has followed his conscience , ” Donohue added .
Tim Wildmon , of the American Family Association , asked , “ How do we define ‘ good ’ if we do n’t believe in God ?
God in his word , the Bible , tells us what ’s good and bad and right and wrong .
If we are each ourselves defining what ’s good , it ’s going to be a crazy world . "
" It ’s the ultimate grinch to say there is no God at a time when millions of people around the world celebrate the birth of Christ , " said Matthew Staver of the Liberty University School of Law .
The ad campaign follows a similar campaign launched in London , with the support of prominent atheist Richard Dawkins .
The bus ads read : " There ’s probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life . "
For related LifeSiteNews.com coverage :
Bush Proclaims 56th Annual National Day of Prayer - May 3 : American Humanist Association will observe a National Day of Reason instead
http://www.lifesitenews.com/ldn/2007/may/07050103.html
Campaign to oust Vatican from U.N. Gains support
http://www.lifesitenews.com/ldn/2000/jan/00012105.html
They say you should never write anything in an email that you do n't want to see on the front page of the New York Times .
And while you may shrug and ask why in the world the Times would print your email about how drunk you got last night , well , you 'd be surprised .
6 Peter Chung : Investment Banker , Sex Machine
Peter Chung 's future could n't have been brighter .
After graduating from Princeton he landed a sweet job with The Carlyle Group , complete with a fancy apartment .
Chung soon found himself tempted by the money , women and fast lane existence that apparently exists in Korea for young investment bankers .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Investment banking in America .
Investment banking in Korea .
Showing off the virtues instilled by his expensive education , 2 weeks after landing his new gig Peter was emailing his friends about his ambitious plans for the future :
" .... CHUNG is going to fuck every hot chick in Korea over the next 2 years ( 5 down , 1,000,000,000 left to go ) the second bedroom is for my harem of chickies ... I know I was a stud in NYC but I pretty much get about , on average , 5 - 8 phone numbers a night and at least 3 hot chicks that say that they want to go home with me every night I go out . "
It 's all about Seoul .
We 're not sure where he got the billion hot chicks from .
Either Chung was bad at math or he had no real standards when it came to women .
In any event , he had set the bar high for himself and needed some help from his friends back home :
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" Oh , by the way , someone 's gotta start fedexing me boxes of domes , I brought out about 40 but I think I 'll run out of them by Saturday . "
We suspect this was not due to any real shortage of " domes " ( from the context we assume he means wiener covers ) in Korea , but rather to hammer the point home that he was getting some , but in a responsible manner .
He might have also been embarrassed to ask his mother to send him condoms in with her usual care package of cookies and socks .
Chung apparently took things a little too far when he boasted about how everyone in the industry was kissing his ass :
" ... I have bankers calling me everyday with opportunities and they pretty much cater to my every whim - you know ( golfing events , lavish dinners , a night out clubbing ) "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
A night out clubbing ?
With bankers ?
Awesome !
The Fallout :
We 're not sure what was worse , Peter writing the email in the first place , deciding to send said email from his work account or his choice of friends to send the email to .
The result was the email being forwarded to a whole lot of people in the investment banking industry .
Within days , Chung was forced to resign in disgrace , probably with a case of crabs to boot .
Thus the Sex King of Korea 's reign ended shortly after it began , and his plan to fuck every beautiful woman in the country was likely never realized .
John Bullinaria 's Step by Step Guide to Implementing a Neural Network in C By John A. Bullinaria from the School of Computer Science of The University of Birmingham , UK .
CLICK HERE FOR THE MOST RECENT VERSION OF THIS PAGE
This document contains a step by step guide to implementing a simple neural network in C .
It is aimed mainly at students who wish to ( or have been told to ) incorporate a neural network learning component into a larger system they are building .
Obviously there are many types of neural network one could consider using - here I shall concentrate on one particularly common and useful type , namely a simple three - layer feed - forward back - propagation network ( multi layer perceptron ) .
This type of network will be useful when we have a set of input vectors and a corresponding set of output vectors , and our system must produce an appropriate output for each input it is given .
Of course , if we already have a complete noise - free set of input and output vectors , then a simple look - up table would suffice .
However , if we want the system to generalize , i.e. produce appropriate outputs for inputs it has never seen before , then a neural network that has learned how to map between the known inputs and outputs ( i.e. our training set ) will often do a pretty good job for new inputs as well .
I shall assume that the reader is already familiar with C , and , for more details about neural networks in general , simply refer the reader to the newsgroup comp.ai.neural - nets and the associated Neural Networks FAQ .
So , let us begin ...
A single neuron ( i.e. processing unit ) takes it total input In and produces an output activation Out .
I shall take this to be the sigmoid function Out = 1.0 /( 1.0 + exp (- In ) ) ; /* Out = Sigmoid ( In ) */
though other activation functions are often used ( e.g. linear or hyperbolic tangent ) .
This has the effect of squashing the infinite range of In into the range 0 to 1 .
It also has the convenient property that its derivative takes the particularly simple form Sigmoid_Derivative = Sigmoid * ( 1.0 - Sigmoid ) ;
Typically , the input
In into a given neuron will be the weighted sum of output activations feeding in from a number of other neurons .
It is convenient to think of the activations flowing through layers of neurons .
So , if there are NumUnits1 neurons in layer 1 , the total activation flowing into our layer 2 neuron is just the sum over Layer1 Out [ i ] * Weight [ i ] , where Weight [ i ] is the strength / weight of the connection between unit i in layer 1 and our unit in layer 2 .
Each neuron will also have a bias , or resting state , that is added to the sum of inputs , and it is convenient to call this weight [ 0 ] .
We can then write Layer2 In = Weight [ 0 ] ; /* start with the bias */
for( i = 1 ; i <= NumUnits1 ; i++ ) { /* i loop over layer 1 units */
Layer2 In += Layer1 Out [ i ] * Weight [i ] ; /* add in weighted contributions from layer 1 */ }
Layer2 Out = 1.0 /( 1.0 + exp (- Layer2In ) ) ; /* compute sigmoid to give activation */
Normally layer 2 will have many units as well , so it is appropriate to write the weights between unit i in layer 1 and unit j in layer 2 as an array Weight [ i ] [j ] .
Thus to get the output of unit j in layer 2 we have Layer2 In [ j ] = Weight [ 0 ] [j ] ;
for( i = 1 ; i <= NumUnits1 ; i++ ) {
Layer2In[j ] += Layer1 Out [ i ] * Weight [ i ] [ j ] ;
}
Layer2Out[j ] = 1.0 /( 1.0 + exp (- Layer2In[j ] ) ) ;
Remember that in C the array indices start from zero , not one , so we would declare our variables as double Layer1Out [ NumUnits 1+1 ] ;
double Layer2In [ NumUnits 2+1 ] ;
double Layer2Out[ NumUnits2+1 ] ;
double Weight [ NumUnits1+1 ] [ NumUnits2+1 ] ;
( or , more likely , declare pointers and use calloc or malloc to allocate the memory ) .
Naturally , we need another loop to get all the layer 2 outputs for ( j = 1 ; j <= NumUnits2 ; j++ ) {
Layer2In [ j ] = Weight [ 0 ] [j ] ;
for( i = 1 ; i <= NumUnits1 ; i++ ) {
Layer2In[j ] += Layer1 Out [ i ] * Weight [ i ] [ j ] ;
}
Layer2Out[j ] = 1.0 /( 1.0 + exp (- Layer2In[j ] ) ) ;
} Three layer networks are necessary and sufficient for most purposes , so our layer 2 outputs feed into a third layer in the same way as above for ( j = 1 ; j <= NumUnits2 ; j++ ) { /* j loop computes layer 2 activations */
Layer2In [ j ] = Weight12 [ 0 ] [j ] ;
for( i = 1 ; i <= NumUnits1 ; i++ ) {
Layer2In[j ] += Layer1 Out [ i ] * Weight12 [ i ] [j ] ;
}
Layer2Out[j ] = 1.0 /( 1.0 + exp (- Layer2In[j ] ) ) ;
}
for( k = 1 ; k <= NumUnits3 ; k++ ) { /* k loop computes layer 3 activations */
Layer3In [ k ] = Weight23 [ 0 ] [ k ] ;
for ( j = 1 ; j <= NumUnits2 ; j++ ) {
Layer3In[ k ] += Layer2Out[j ] * Weight23[j ] [ k ] ;
}
Layer3Out[k ] = 1.0 /( 1.0 + exp (- Layer3 In [ k ] ) ) ;
} The code can start to become confusing at this point - I find that keeping a separate index i , j , k for each layer helps , as does an intuitive notation for distinguishing between the different layers of weights Weight12 and Weight23 .
For obvious reasons , for three layer networks , it is traditional to call layer 1 the Input layer , layer 2 the Hidden layer , and layer 3 the Output layer .
Our network thus takes on the familiar form that we shall use for the rest of this document
Also , to save getting all the In's and Out 's confused , we can write LayerNIn as SumN .
Our code can thus be written
for ( j = 1 ; j <= NumHidden ; j++ ) { /* j loop computes hidden unit activations */
SumH[j ] = WeightIH [ 0 ] [j ] ;
for( i = 1 ; i <= NumInput ; i++ ) {
SumH[j ] += Input [ i ] * WeightIH [ i ] [j ] ;
}
Hidden[j ] = 1.0 /( 1.0 + exp ( - SumH[j ] ) ) ;
}
for( k = 1 ; k <= NumOutput ; k++ ) { /* k loop computes output unit activations */ SumO[ k ] = WeightHO [ 0 ] [ k ] ;
for ( j = 1 ; j <= NumHidden ; j++ ) {
SumO[k ] += Hidden [ j ] * WeightHO[j ] [ k ] ;
}
Output[k ] = 1.0 /( 1.0 + exp ( - SumO [ k ] ) ) ;
}
Generally we will have a whole set of NumPattern training patterns , i.e. pairs of input and target output vectors ,
Input [p ] [ i ] , Target [ p ] [ k ]
labelled by the index p .
The network learns by minimizing some measure of the error of the network 's actual outputs compared with the target outputs .
For example , the sum squared error over all output units k and all training patterns p will be given by
Error = 0.0 ;
for ( p = 1 ; p <= NumPattern ; p++ ) {
for( k = 1 ; k <= NumOutput ; k++ ) {
Error += 0.5 * ( Target [ p ] [ k ] - Output [ p ] [ k ] ) * ( Target [ p ] [ k ] - Output [ p ] [ k ] ) ;
}
}
( The factor of 0.5 is conventionally included to simplify the algebra in deriving the learning algorithm . )
If we insert the above code for computing the network outputs into the p loop of this , we end up with
Originally posted at Democratic Underground .
REPUBLICANS FRAUDULENTLY
SWITCHING PARTY REGISTRATIONS , FORGING DOCUMENTS : PERJURY CHARGES FILED ; ONE ARREST MADE SO FAR
" Election officials and lawmakers have {recently} launched investigations into the activities of { Young Political Majors} YPM workers in Florida and Massachusetts .
In Arizona , the firm was recently a defendant in a civil rights lawsuit .
Prosecutors in Los Angeles and Ventura counties {in California} say they are investigating complaints about the company , " the LATimes reports .
A second LATimes article is perfectly clear both about Mark Jacoby 's personal false registration to vote " at a childhood California address where he no longer lives " so that he could gather signatures in California , and also about the grocery store signature - gathering fraud , and states " dozens of voters said they were duped into registering as Republicans by his firm , Young Political Majors , or YPM . "
LA TIMES : On October 3 , the Public Integrity Unit of the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office charged Jacoby with four felonies : two counts of voter registration fraud and two counts of perjury .
A warrant was issued for his arrest and bail was set at $ 50,000 .
{ The arrest was made over the weekend near an Ontario , California hotel}
The above two LA Times stories cover fraudulently tricking voters into signing what they were told was a petition against child molestation .
The Malibu Times and the Press Enterprise provide additional facts showing for example that YPM was issued 7000 voter registration cards in one county alone , and that 27 of 33 Democrats interviewed in another California County of Bernardino were shocked to find out their party registrations were switched .
MEDIA HAS YET TO BREAK THE STORY BELOW , WHICH GETS BIGGER :
But YPM apparently also engaged in outright forgery of voter signatures , as confirmed by an August 20 , 2008 letter from Registrar Dean Logan .
( LA Registrar Dean Logan is well known in Washington State , where I lived in 2004 , for finding hundreds of ballots in the gubernatorial recount , some of them after the first machine recount , ultimately counted by court order and handing the governorship to Christine Gregoire during the hand recount . )
In an August 20 , 2008 letter to student voter Tiffany Hoffstetter , LA County Registrar Dean Logan finally responded to Hofstetter ’s repeated complaints :
" We share your concerns that someone falsified your information and signature on a voter registration form and changed your party affiliation .
This registration was canceled … "
Registrar Dean Logan went on to say that YPM was not exactly , uh , forthcoming in response to telephone inquiries .
It appears that YPM is ducking the investigation :
" Our office has made numerous telephone calls to the political organization , Young Political Major ( YPM ) shown on our records as the organization that issued this form , but staff has been unsuccessful in receiving a response to requests to contact our office . "
Logan continued ( and this shows that this is not a SOS Bowen - initiated deal per se ) :
" [ T ] here have been a few instances in which political organizations appear to intentionally alter registration forms for payment , in our experience we have found this to be an exception . " {…} " We will continue efforts {…} to support referral of this case to the Los Angeles County District Attorney , Public Integrity Division . "
LONDON ( Reuters ) - World oil prices could easily fall below $ 50 a barrel and might even slip toward $ 40 or perhaps $ 35 , but they will recover and could do so fairly quickly , analysts and economists say .
Benchmark U.S. crude futures dropped to a 22 - month low under $ 55 on Thursday as evidence mounted that the deepening recession would have a severe impact on demand , reducing the use of oil by industries and individuals alike .
Oil has now fallen more than 60 percent from July ’s record $ 147.27 a barrel and is moving close to what is widely considered to be the average operating cost , or “ cash cost , ” for the world ’s oil major oil companies around $ 50 a barrel .
Many analysts think the market is likely to fall further , breaching the psychological $ 50 barrier before recovering .
“ How low prices go is rather random : $ 50 , $ 40 , $ 35 ?
It could be any of those numbers , ” said Kevin Norrish , analyst at Barclays Capital in London .
“ All we would say is that the lower it goes , the further out of equilibrium the market is headed . ”
The oil price collapse over the last four months has reflected several factors hitting the market at the same time .
As the gravity of the global recession has become clear , economists have recalibrated their views of oil demand .
The International Energy Agency ( IEA ) , which advises 28 industrialized countries , on Thursday slashed its global oil demand growth forecasts .
It says demand has grown this year at the slowest rate in a generation and next year it is expected to expand by only 350,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) .
CONSERVATIVE
World oil demand is now expected to average 86.2 million bpd in 2008 , rising to just 86.5 million bpd in 2009 .
Some analysts say the IEA ’s assumptions are too conservative and that a dramatic contraction in demand in the major developed economies will offset growth in oil demand elsewhere and produce a rare absolute fall in global demand .
Falling demand forecasts have led to widespread assumptions by oil traders that oil markets will be oversupplied .
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed last month to cut its oil production by 1.5 million bpd from November 1 and many analysts think it will trim its output further .
An Iranian oil official said on Thursday OPEC members would meet in Cairo on November 29 for “ consultation ” on the market , a move which temporarily helped push up oil prices off their lows .
Rob Laughlin , senior oil analyst at brokers MF Global , says the market could begin to turn if OPEC , responsible for pumping around 40 percent of the world ’s oil , trims production .
“ Already some OPEC members are struggling to make money at these prices getting oil out of the ground , ” he said .
“ Look at Iran and Venezuela where the costs are relatively high .
These countries are seriously feeling the pain . ”
Prices are already well below the average cost for the most expensive new projects -- known as the marginal cost of production -- at about $ 75 - $ 80 a barrel , according to London - based analysts Bernstein Research .
David Dugdale , London - based energy analyst at MFC Global Investment Management , says future oil production could be curbed if oil prices fall much below $ 50 as many oilfields , particularly in sub-sea developments such as the North Sea , are more costly to develop .
OVER -REACTION
“ If it goes to $ 50 or below you are going to see some supply reaction ... some cut in discretionary spending , ” he said .
But the impact on supply will take time to be felt : “ For example , the cuts by OPEC last month could take two or three months to work into the market , ” he said .
In the meantime , the momentum appears to be downwards .
Driven short - term as much by sentiment in futures markets as rational calculations over fundamental costs for production , many analysts say the oil price is likely to go well beyond the level justified even by a dramatic fall in demand .
IEA chief Nobuo Tanaka said on Wednesday the price of oil was already “ overshooting ” to the downside : “ The market is over - reacting , ” he told Reuters .
Analysts liken oil price moves to a weight on a piece of elastic : most of the time it swings within fairly narrow ranges , reacting to signals on supply and demand and other news but occasionally a big shock makes it swing to wild extremes .
“ Just as on the upside we went too far , so on the downside , we are going too far as well , ” said Dugdale .
Most analysts see prices recovering fairly quickly in the next few months , according to a Reuters poll of 34 analysts last week , which produced an average forecast for WTI next year of $ 81.30 and almost $ 90 in 2010 .
Barclays Capital sees the price for U.S. crude recovering to average almost $ 78 a barrel in the fourth quarter of this year and bouncing back to more than $ 105 for 2009 .
“ Whatever the low is , the price wo n’t stay there for very long , ” Norrish said .
We ’ve been hearing a lot about universal healthcare .
But before you give up on market competition , consider that government regulation of hospitals and medical professionals makes medical care much more expensive than it need be .
We seldom hear about difficulties in finding a doctor , rationing of services and poor - quality care under universal healthcare schemes -- even though such problems are already happening in government - run programs in California .
Individuals insured by state Medicaid programs have “ insurance , ” but because of low reimbursement rates , they are too often unable to find physicians and specialists who will care for them .
It ’s even less often that we hear about another option , the only good option : Using innovation to make healthcare cheaper and more accessible .
When I say cheap healthcare , I do n’t mean we should pay physicians less .
I mean delivering high - quality care in less - expensive ways .
Annual physicals do n’t need to be done in a high - priced medical office , for example .
And we need to oppose the move requiring audiologists to have doctorates .
Patients should have low - cost options when it comes to getting a simple hearing test .
Likewise , we need to repeal laws that require physician assistants , physical therapists and nurse practitioners to have master ’s degrees .
Advertisement
One of the reasons healthcare costs are growing is that lobbyists for medical professionals and hospitals use such laws to protect their members from competition .
If they keep blocking cost - saving innovations , it could backfire on them .
The public will get so frustrated with the high cost of care that they will demand universal healthcare , which wo n’t be a picnic for the industry or the rest of us .
The success of retail clinics across the country gives us a glimpse of what innovation can do for patients .
Those “ convenience clinics ” are popping up in CVS pharmacies , at Wal - Mart and Target .
Wal - Mart ’s new retail clinics will be “ co- branded ” with local hospitals .
Staffed by nurse practitioners , convenience clinics provide routine care at affordable prices .
( You do n’t need an MD to diagnose pink eye or an ear infection . )
The innovations will keep on coming -- but only if we let them .
Advances in software and other diagnostic tools can dramatically improve medical diagnosis and treatment .
They also will make medical care more affordable by allowing less - expensive , mid-level clinicians to diagnose and treat more illnesses .
The physician lobby fights those innovations , and many doctors argue that software will miss some diagnoses .
Do they mean that they never miss anything ?
The experts disagree .
“ Studies of autopsies have shown that doctors seriously misdiagnose fatal illnesses about 20 % of the time , ” writes David Leonhardt in the New York Times .
“ Misdiagnosis is killing thousands of Americans every year . ”
Advertisement
For all its faults , America ’s healthcare sector has its advantages .
It produces some of the highest survival rates in the world for cancer and other serious illnesses .
Patients generally do n’t have to wait a year for a hip replacement .
Being 70 does n’t make you ineligible for a kidney transplant .
And U.S. medical innovations benefit other countries that suffer from the lack of them in their government - run schemes .
Rather than give up on all that , let ’s deregulate medical care so that providers can find innovative ways to deliver high - quality care cheaply .
Let ’s eliminate the increasingly strict education requirements for clinicians and let medical professionals offer walk - in physicals or other services at competitive prices .
Like Wal - Mart and MinuteClinic , they will rely on brand name and reputation to assure quality .
We also need to better promote health savings accounts , which put spending in the hands of consumers and encourage them to shop around for low - cost alternatives .
Retail clinics are only the first step .
My hope is that the increased access and reduced costs will quickly become evident and will build support for additional innovations -- and the deregulatory policies necessary to make them possible .
Advertisement
Universal coverage sounds appealing , but it means government will be running the trains .
Here and abroad , government does not have a good record when it comes to access , oversight or innovation .
Before we give up on free markets , let ’s actually give them a shot .
HOW TO CHOOSE THE RIGHT OUTDOOR BLINDS FOR YOUR HOME ?
austinbaines
In this day and age of steel , glass and solid everyone adores getting a charge out of in open spaces now and again .
It is the most ideal path for u ... more ...
ドメインが無効な状態です。
「 www.dyson-game.com 」のページは、ドメインが無効な状態です。
ウェブサイト管理者の方はこちらから変更・更新を行ってください。
「 www.dyson-game.com 」is Expired or Suspended .
The WHOIS is here .
A billboard in Rancho Cucamonga asking viewers to " imagine no religion " was taken down this week after residents and the city complained about its message .
The Freedom From Religion Foundation advertisement was first installed last week causing local conversation and complaints .
The pressure quickly built up and the General Outdoor sign company took it down .
The foundation 's co-president Annie Laurie Gaylor was not so happy , as expressed in a statement they sent out : " Are religionists so thin - skinned they must squelch free debate ?
One small freethought billboard in the immense state of California is such a threat to insecure religious egos that it must be censored ?
With local freethinkers ' help , the Freedom From Religion Foundation would love to plaster the valley with our message .
Let 's fight back ! "
Moral Hazard of the Coming Mortgage Bailout
“ Why am I being punished for having bought a house I could afford ?
I am beginning to think I would have rocks in my head if I keep paying my mortgage . ”
- Todd Lawrence , Norwich , CT homeowner with a traditional 30 - year mortgage
>
Herein lies the simple problem in trying to “ save ” so many mortgages : A huge swath of them should not be saved .
Some of that is due to price , some of it is due to not wanting to reward irresponsible behavior , but the bulk of it is simply because the people living in these homes cannot reasonably afford to pay for them , even after a 20 - 30 % workout .
There are now more than 10 million “ home - owers ” underwater , with their mortgages greater than the present value of their homes .
Since they have little skin in the game — thanks to banks that did away with down payment requirements — there is little incentive for them to tough it out .
Not surprisingly , it is FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair who is leading the push towards a mortgage workout plan .
She wants policy makers to take action to help people stay in their homes — thereby taking pressure off of the FDIC , which insures the banks .
Why ?
More foreclosures = more bank failures = bigger FDIC obligations .
The problem with this current rescue plan is that it is designed to “ prevent the continued downward spiral of the housing market . ”
But that is EXACTLY what the housing market needs — overpriced homes that are not selling need to come down in price .
We had a normal price increase from 1996 - 2001 , and then a near vertical set of price gains from 2002 - 06 .
Any framework for systematically modifying loans that fails to comprehend that is doomed to failure .
( permanent post here )
Here is the grim reality about home prices :
They remain elevated by just about every historical metric .
Look at the median income to median home price , or look at the cost of renting versus the cost of ownership .
Look at the inventory for sale , relative to 5 year trailing price increases .
The bottom line is that in much of the country , prices are still too high .
That ’s reflected in all the inventory that is not selling .
And home sales typically tend to be a chain of prices and sales :
The seller of the starter home tot he newlyweds then can move to the larger home with room for their growing family , and that seller moves to an even bigger manse , and so on and so on .
But if the newlyweds cannot afford that first purchase , the entire chain gets slogged down .
The notable exceptions ?
Where foreclosures have driven prices down 40 , 50 even 60 % , home sales surge .
Much of our leadership fails to understand that simple truism about home prices .
As we detailed in our “ Fixing Housing Proposal , ” you want to save the homes where there is a reasonable justification for a mortgage workout .
This means where the home price can be reasonable , the mortgagee can afford it , and the mortgage holder willing to take a modest haircut .
Otherwise , you reward bank lenders and home buyers who were utterly reckless , and punish those people who were prudent and responsible .
Moral hazard not only encourages recklessness , it leads to people looking to avoid responsibility for bad decisions .
We see this in groups seeking credit card debt forgiveness — only because the current climate encourages it .
>
( permanent post here )
Previously :
Fixing Housing & Finance : 30/20/10 Proposal ( 9/22/08 )
http://www.ritholtz.com/blog/2008/09/fixing-housing-finance-302010-proposal/
Sources :
Mortgage Plan May Aid Many and Irk Others
DAVID STREITFELD
NYT , October 30 , 2008
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/10/31/business/31bailout.html
Treasury , FDIC Said to Craft Plan to Curb Foreclosure
By Alison Vekshin and Robert Schmidt
Bloomberg , October 29 2008
http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=newsarchive&sid=asOlfO5uPwIY
Relief Nears for 3 Million Strapped Homeowners
MICHAEL R. CRITTENDEN and JESSICA HOLZER
WSJ , OCTOBER 30 , 2008
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB122531677860781723.html
More U.S. Homeowners Have Mortgage Higher Than House Is Worth
Dan Levy
Bloomberg , October 31 2008
http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=newsarchive&sid=aYyk2_TLjGao
Groups seek credit card debt forgiveness
( AP ) October 29 , 2008 : 9:47 PM ET
http://money.cnn.com/2008/10/29/news/economy/creditcard_bailout.ap/index.htm
New Loan Fix Is Unlikely the Last
FDIC Plans Mortgage Guarantees ; Lawmakers Consider Pressuring Reluctant Investors
JOHN D. MCKINNON and JESSICA HOLZER
WSJ , OCTOBER 24 , 2008
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB122477138431362499.html
White House Is Said to Want Limits on Loan- Guarantee Proposal
Alison Vekshin and Robert Schmidt
Bloomberg , October 31 2008
http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=newsarchive&sid=aQomFeVyf9tk
Friday , October 31 , 2008 | 10:09 AM | Permalink | Comments ( 75 ) | TrackBack ( 0 )
add to de.li.cious | digg this !
| add to technorati | email this post
TrackBack TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c52a953ef010535cd33bb970c
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Moral Hazard of the Coming Mortgage Bailout :
Comments
Hallelujah .
Posted by : Pilgrim | Oct 31 , 2008 10:16:18 AM
By GottaLaff
I told you it was coming , and it is :
Mark Penn , the top campaign strategist for Hillary Rodham Clinton 's campaign , advised her to portray Barack Obama as having a “ limited ” connection “ to basic American values and culture , ” according to a forthcoming article in The Atlantic .
The magazine reports Penn suggested getting much rougher with Obama in a memo on March 30 , after her crucial wins in Texas and Ohio : “ Does anyone believe that it is possible to win the nomination without , over these next two months , raising all these issues on him ?
...
Wo n’t a single tape of [ the Reverend Jeremiah ]
Wright going off on America with Obama sitting there be a game ender ? ”
Atlantic Senior Editor Joshua Green writes that major decisions during her campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination would be put off for weeks until suddenly Clinton “ would erupt , driving her staff to panic and misfire . ”
Green reports that on a staff conference call in January where C linton received “ little response ” or “ silence ” to several of her suggestions for how to recover from the Iowa loss and do better in New Hampshire , “ Clinton began to grow angry , according to a participant ’s notes , ” Green recounts .
“ ‘ This has been a very instructive call , talking to myself , ’ she snapped , and hung up . ”
Penn , the presidential campaign ’s chief strategist , wrote in a memo to Clinton excerpted in the article : “ I cannot imagine America electing a president during a time of war who is not at his center fundamentally American in his thinking and in his values . ”
his
that
Green writes .
“ [ H ] er advisers could n’t execute strategy ; they routinely attacked and undermined each other , and Clinton never forced a resolution .
... [ S ] he never behaved like a chief executive , and her own staff proved to be her Achilles ’ heel .
“ What is clear from the internal documents is that Clinton ’s loss derived not from any specific decision she made but rather from the preponderance of the many she did not make . ”
“ I do n’t mean to be an asshole , but ... changes to important statements and other critical campaign communications simply have to go through Howard , ” Garin wrote on April 12 .
“ Howard is the person who is ultimately responsibility for making sure that we deliver our messages the right way , and I hope everyone will support and respect him in that role . ”
Robert Barnett , the superlawyer and longtime Clinton adviser , e-mailed about 20 Clinton aides on March 6 , with the subject line “ STOP IT !!!! ” :
“ This circular firing squad that is occurring is unattractive , unprofessional , unconscionable and unacceptable .
...
After this campaign is over , there will be plenty of time to access blame or claim credit . ”
The Penn memo suggesting that the campaign target Obama ’s “ lack of American roots ” said in part : “ All of these articles about his boyhood in Indonesia and his life in Hawaii are geared towards showing his background is diverse , multicultural and putting that in a new light . [...]
Every speech should contain the line you were born in the middle of America American to the middle class in the middle of the last century . [... ] “ Let ’s explicitly own ‘ American ’ in our programs , the speeches and the values .
He does n’t .
Make this a new American Century , the American Strategic Energy Fund .
Let ’s use our logo to make some flags we can give out .
Let ’s add flag symbols to the backgrounds . ”
“ Assuming after Iowa and New Hampshire the presidential nominating contest narrows to two competitive candidates who remain locked in a highly contested election through 5 February , the focus of the campaign will shift to the delegate count . ”
But the campaign , Green notes , had already ceased polling in states they did n’t expect to win , so it had a limited ability to narrow the margins in states that favored Obama .
Green reports that on Feb. 11 , the day that Clinton finally replaced campaign manager Patti Solis Doyle with Maggie Williams , Wolfson aide Phil Singer cursed out first Wolfson , then Policy Director and Solis Doyle ally Neera Tanden , yelling : “ [ Expletive ] you and the whole [ expletive ] cabal ” before climbing on a chair , berating the entire staff and leaving .
The same day , Washington Post Managing Editor Phillip Bennett wrote Williams to complain Singer had spread rumors about one of his reporters .
Williams eventually saw the letter after Wolfson intercepted it , and Singer left for a week .
On his return , Green reports that Wolfson explained to a colleague , “ When the house is on fire , it ’s better to have a psychotic fireman than no fireman at all . ”
The same day , Washington Post Managing Editor Phillip Bennett wrote Williams to complain Singer had spread rumors about one of his reporters .
Williams eventually saw the letter after Wolfson intercepted it , and Singer left for a week .
On his return , Green reports that Wolfson explained to a colleague , “ The famous 3 a.m. ad , written by Penn and approved by Clinton , almost did n’t run [...]
It was Bill Clinton — not Hillary — who issued the decisive order : ‘ Let ’s go with it . ’ ”
, written by Penn and approved by Clinton , almost did n’t run [...]
It was ” [ A memo ] worried that Clinton ’s anticipated wins in Texas and Ohio on March 4 would not meaningfully narrow Obama ’s delegate lead — a fact sure to sap momentum once the initial excitement of victory passed . ”
" They proposed that Clinton , from a position of strength immediately after her wins , challenge Obama to accept Michigan and Florida revotes .
Such a move ‘ preempts Obama ’s reiteration on March 5 that they are still up 100 - plus delegates and that we ca n’t win , ’ they noted .
‘ The press will love the rematch , like Rocky II . ”
Get ready , we 're in for a bumpy ride : Ouch .
I 'm sorry , wtf ?
And Penn calls himself American inthinking and values , afterThen there were the " end runs " around Howard Wolfson by Geoffrey Garin :
Not a smoothly run campaign , to say the least .
But back to portraying Obama as " lacking American roots " .
And then , please , someone remove the fork I 'm sticking into my eye : What happened to the Democrats ' big tent ?
Hell , what happened to ethics ?
More excerpts : I gave you most of it , but please go here for more .
These things are not surprising , but they are pretty appalling , to say the least .
Imagine how she 'd run the government .
And what was that about not playing the so - called race card ?
New Witness Said to Implicate Palin
A key witness in the “ Troopergate ” investigation of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin has backed off an earlier defense of Palin and now says the governor ’s associates applied pressure to deny workers compensation to her estranged ex- brother - in - law , according to three state officials briefed on the case .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
In reversing earlier testimony , Murlene Wilkes , owner of Harbor Adjustment Services in Anchorage , told a state investigator that she received phone calls and personal visits from advisers to Palin , including her husband , Todd Palin , the officials said .
Wilkes said she was told to deny workers compensation to Trooper Mike Wooten , the ex-brother - in - law , because he supposedly was lying about his physical condition , according to the officials who spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation of Palin is still underway .
After becoming Alaska ’s governor in December 2006 , Palin launched what looks like a vendetta against Wooten , who was involved in a bitter divorce and child custody battle with Palin ’s sister .
Palin , her husband and some of her senior aides argued that Wooten deserved to be fired for misconduct , including alleged threats to the governor ’s family .
Todd Palin also was circulating a photo of Wooten on a snowmobile while the trooper was out on workers comp .
The family feud with Wooten became a political liability for Palin when she fired Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan in July .
Monegan blamed his firing on his refusal to fire Wooten .
The state ’s Legislative Council with a Republican majority approved an investigation into Monegan ’s firing that Palin first welcomed but then turned against after she was selected in late August to be the Republican vice presidential candidate .
Steve Branchflower , a former federal prosecutor hired to handle the probe , has vowed to issue a report by Oct. 10 , despite the refusal of Todd Palin and several top Palin aides to give depositions or otherwise cooperate .
Though there was earlier evidence that Gov. Palin ’s aides and her husband challenged Wooten ’s workers comp for a back injury , Wilkes ’s reported reversal could add to the appearance of wrongdoing because Wilkes recently succeeded in renewing her company ’s $ 1.2 million state contract despite lower competing bids .
When the contract was renewed this year , Wilkes ’s firm got a raise to $ 1.5 million even though there were at least three other bids that came in at $ 1.2 million .
One losing firm has appealed the contract award .
In the recent interview with Branchflower , Wilkes said it was implied that if she did n’t deny Wooten ’s claim , she would lose the contract , according to the state officials knowledgeable about the probe .
Wooten ’s compensation claim was denied in 2007 by Johanna Grasso , an adjuster who then worked for Wilkes 's Harbor Adjustment , according to Chancy Croft , Wooten 's workers compensation attorney .
However , it ’s unclear what role , if any , Wilkes played in that decision .
Important Witness
In a legislative hearing on Sept. 12 , Branchflower described Wilkes as an “ especially important " witness because he had received a tip in August that " someone from the governor 's office or someone from the state " advised Wilkes to deny Wooten 's claim .
Branchflower said that when he first called Wilkes , she denied ever talking to anyone in the governor ’s office about the Wooten file .
She also insisted that she had never seen a photo of Wooten on a snowmobile .
After that initial interview , however , Branchflower said one of Wilkes ’s employees who was handling Wooten ’s claim called an investigative tip line and said Wilkes had confided " something to the effect that either the governor or the governor 's office wanted this claim denied . "
Branchflower quoted the employee as saying she did n’t “ care if it 's the president who wants the claim denied .
I 'm not going to deny it unless I have the medical evidence to do that . "
Branchflower said he felt that Wilkes was possibly “ not truthful ” in her initial comments and should be required to give a sworn statement .
" She obviously is a key player because she handles all of the workmen 's compensation claims for the state of Alaska , " Branchflower said .
" She may have a financial motive , " he added , noting her contract with the state .
[ Anchorage Daily News , Sept. 13 , 2008 ]
Two weeks ago , Branchflower confronted Wilkes with evidence — including the statements by the co-worker — contradicting Wilkes ’s previous answers , according to the three state officials briefed on the developments .
Wilkes then told Branchflower that she had received phone calls and personal visits from Palin ’s associates , including the governor ’s husband , showing her photos of Wooten on the snowmobile and telling her to deny his workers comp claims because he lied about his physical condition , the officials said .
It is unknown whether Branchflower will conclude that any laws were broken as a result of Palin ’s alleged interference in her ex-brother - in - law ’s workers comp case .
Palin has denied any wrongdoing .
Rogue Investigation
Immediately after becoming Alaska ’s governor , Palin – along with her husband and senior aides – conducted what amounted to a rogue investigation into suspicions that Wooten was faking a job - related injury , according to state documents , law enforcement officials and former aides to Palin .
A little - noticed passage in a transcript of a conversation between Frank Bailey , Palin ’s director of boards and commissions , and Alaska State Trooper Lt. Rodney Dial shows that Palin ’s office had developed information against Wooten that was turned over to the state ’s workers compensation board , purportedly to prove that Wooten was not too sick or injured to work .
In the Feb. 28 , 2008 , conversation with Dial , Bailey disclosed that Gov. Palin and her husband had uncovered information about the trooper that was not publicly available and had collected statements about Wooten going “ snowmachining ” when he was out on workers comp for a back injury .
“ The situation where [ Wooten ] declared workers comp , but then was caught on an eight - mile snowmachining [ sic ] trip days — days after , you know , that — that started coming up there , ” Bailey said .
“ So we collected statements that we forwarded on to workers comp . ”
According to John Cyr , executive director of the Public Safety Employees Association which represents Wooten and other state troopers , Wooten was approved for workers comp benefits in January 2007 because he had suffered a back injury when he pulled a dead body from a wrecked automobile and slipped on icy pavement .
After Wooten started receiving workers comp , Todd Palin began following him around “ snapping pictures , ” Cyr said .
“ Frank Bailey was getting people to say that [ Wooten ] was lying on his workers comp form , ” Cyr said .
“ The governor ’s family was following Mike around everywhere .
They forwarded that information to the workers comp division . ”
Also in January 2007 , Todd Palin invited Palin ’s new Public Safety Commissioner Monegan to the governor ’s office , where Todd Palin urged Monegan to reopen the Wooten case .
After checking on it , Monegan said he informed Todd Palin that he could n’t do anything because the matter had been processed and the case was closed .
In an interview with the Washington Post , Monegan said that a few days later , the governor also called him about the Wooten matter and he gave her the same answer .
Monegan said Gov. Palin brought the issue up again in a February 2007 meeting at the state capitol , prompting a warning that she should back off .
Cyr said Wooten received his benefits totaling $ 11,000 without any problems until “ somewhere between the end of March and the first of April . ”
Then , “ out of nowhere [ Wooten ’s ] workers comp claim was contravened , which basically means he got a letter saying he was n’t entitled to benefits anymore , ” Cyr said in an interview .
After Wooten “ hired an attorney and filed a counterclaim against the state , ” there was a settlement in November 2007 in which Wooten underwent a back operation , Cyr said .
“ This was a serious injury and he was flat broke and had to file for bankruptcy because his claims were denied , ” Cyr said , accusing Palin of abusing her power .
“ There was absolutely a personal vendetta against this trooper by the governor and the governor ’s staff . ”
According to documents in Wooten ’s case , another apparent factor in denying his disability claim was a preexisting condition from the trooper ’s days in the U.S. Air Force .
Branchflower also has zeroed in on a routing slip dated Aug. 21 — a week before John McCain settled on Palin as his running mate — from the Alaska Department of Labor and Workforce Development .
The routing slip indicated that Wooten ’s workers comp file was pulled and sent to the attention of Mike Mongale , a state manager with the workers compensation division .
“ Wooten , as requested , ” the routing slip says , which was made out to the attention of “ Mike Mongale . ”
“ A request came in to return all of Wooten ’s [ workers comp ] files to Juneau [ the state capital ] , ” according to a note and routing slip faxed to Cyr from the workers compensation division .
“ The person who asked to route the files was told the files were being copied for the governor . ”
Jason Leopold has launched a new Web site , The Public Record , at www.pubrecord.org.
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
I do n't know what to think about Terminator Salvation .
I like the gritty decay in these leaked production concept illustrations as opposed to the shiny robots shown in the previous movies .
But on the other side , it 's like the producers took the look and feel of the Matrix , Transformers , and a John Romero zombies movie into a blender and said " push the button , Frank . "
Then again , I guess there 's only one way to portray post - apocalyptical warfare machinery .
This :
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
I 'm amazed by the Harvesters , the giant mechas you can see next to the tiny T - 600 , which is a previous even more zombiesque version of Arnie 's T - 800 .
But " Mototerminator " ?
Hello ?
Does that mean there will also be Carterminators ?
iPodterminators ?
Ah , the wonderful world of the merchandising .
Whatever they do , I hope they find some use for the secret kinetic rocket fire balls .
[ Filmonic via io9 ]
NOT everyone agrees that income inequality is a problem to be solved .
America and Britain are reckoned to have among the greatest inequality , among rich countries , as measured by the Gini coefficient .
Such inequality may be associated with certain problems , for example a study produced last year by Unicef , the UN children 's agency , suggested that the two countries have particularly low levels of child wellbeing .
For many ordinary Americans and Britons , however , social mobility and getting opportunities to prosper may be more important .
Nordic countries , which are the most equal , regularly do well in happiness surveys .
The highest levels of inequality are in poor countries , especially in South America and Africa .
AFP
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Republican Party on Sunday said Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama had not done enough to screen out illegal campaign contributions and asked U.S. election officials to look into the matter .
U.S. Democratic presidential nominee Senator Barack Obama ( D - IL ) speaks during a campaign rally in Asheville , North Carolina , October 5 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
Citing news reports , the Republican National Committee said Obama had accepted contributions from foreigners and taken more than the $ 2,300 maximum from donors who give in small increments .
The Obama campaign denied the charges .
The RNC said it will ask the Federal Election Commission to examine Obama records in detail to determine the extent of the problem .
The Obama campaign could face fines if found guilty of violations by the FEC , but any decision would likely come after he faces Republican John McCain in the November 4 presidential election .
Obama spokesman Bill Burton said the McCain campaign has had to return over $ 1.2 million to donors who potentially violated the law with their contributions , including money from foreign nationals .
“ Our campaign has shattered fund - raising records with donations from more than 2.5 million Americans .
We have gone above and beyond the transparency requirements , ” Burton said .
“ While no organization is completely protected from Internet fraud , we will continue to review our fund - raising procedures to ensure that we are taking every available to step to root - out improper contributions , ” he said .
But Republican officials said the Obama campaign had not done enough to weed out illegal donations .
“ It seems to the RNC that the Obama campaign knew they were excessive , ” RNC chief counsel Sean Cairncross said in a conference call .
“ Yet they appear to have taken no action on their own . ”
Obama opted out of the public financing system so his money totals include both the primaries and the general election .
More than half of the $ 454 million raised by Obama has come in small increments of $ 200 or less .
By contrast , one - third of McCain ’s $ 230 million raised during the primary campaign has come in small donations .
McCain is taking public funds in the general election campaign so he is limited to $ 84 million .
Campaigns are not required to report small donations , and some donors appear to have given well beyond the legal limit , Newsweek magazine reported .
Two apparently fictional donors using the names “ Doodad Pro ” and “ Good Will ” gave Obama more than $ 11,000 in increments of $ 10 and $ 25 , according to Newsweek .
Other news accounts suggest that roughly 11,500 donors who gave a total of $ 34 million to the campaign may be citizens of foreign countries , who are not allowed to contribute to U.S. elections , the RNC said .
“ We see a lack of control , a lack of willingness on the part of the Obama campaign to ask relevant questions , ” Cairncross said .
Whether it's a crisp shard garnishing bread pudding or crumbles on maple ice cream , bacon is subtly making its way into desserts .
And not so subtly :
When bacon impresario Dan Philips of the Grateful Palate collaborated on a bacon - themed dinner at The Brown hotel in Louisville , Kentucky , pastry chef Brian Logsdon created this bacon - studded baklava for dessert .
More Recipes with Bacon
Starting with Mono 2.2 , Jonathan Pryor 's Mono .
Options library will be shipping with the runtime .
The library itself is not all that remarkable .
While certainly useful , especially to those who write a lot of command line application , it is just another library .
But it represents something bigger ; Mono is outgrowing the standard .
Mono is not just playing catch - up any more , it is trying to move past the CLR in many areas .
And as an open source project , they can slip in new libraries at a much faster clip than Microsoft .
Instead of trying to build everything themselves , they can simply pick up mature projects like Mono .
Options or the collection library C5 and include them in the standard release .
One of the most impressive enhancements announced for the December 's Mono 2.2 release is support for SIMD .
SIMD is a set of CPU commands that can drastically speed up operations of vectors .
Instead of performing operations on each element of an array in sequence , one can use an SIMD instruction to process a vector of up to 16 elements .
Below is a list of supported types .
Mono .Simd.Vector16 b - 16 unsigned bytes
Mono.Simd.Vector16sb - 16 signed bytes
Mono .
Simd .
Vector2d - 2 doubles
Mono .
Simd .
Vector2l - 2 signed 64 - bit longs
Mono .
Simd .Vector2ul - 2 unsigned 64 - bit longs
Mono .
Simd.Vector4f - 4 floats
Mono.Simd.Vector4i - 4 signed 32 - bit ints
Mono.Simd.Vector4ui - 4 unsigned 32 - bit ints
Mono .
Simd .
Vector8s - 8 signed 16 - bit shorts
Mono .Simd.Vector8us - 8 unsigned 16 - bit shorts
The performance gains are remarkable .
Using a Spring - Gravity algorithm , a naive C++ program takes 9.5 seconds to run .
By comparison , a literal conversion into Mono takes a pitiful 17.7 seconds .
But by switching from standard operators to SIMD functions , the time to run Mono drops to 1.7 seconds .
So what are people planning to doing with Mono ?
Make games for Windows , XBox 360 and the iPhone .
You can see more from the PDC 2008 video on Channel 9 .
Got into any of the invitation only betas ?
Me neither .
It ’s my understanding that the invitations for recent betas of numerous games were given to those gamers who use the PlayStation Network most regularly .
But if that ’s the case , why the hell have n’t I been invited to any of them ?
I ’m talking of course , of betas for upcoming games such as Home , Killzone 2 , LittleBigPlanet , Resistance 2 and the MotorStorm : Pacific Rift demo .
If you were lucky enough to have been invited to any of these , then consider yourself one of the luckiest people in the world , or possibly just Europe .
Either way , you ’re lucky .
Well , luckier than me at least .
Apart from when I ’m at University or sleeping , I ’m almost literally online on the PS3 all the time , if not on a game then listening to music or watching a video .
And yet I have n’t been invited to any of the above betas .
Not even the MotorStorm demo .
How embarrassing .
Personally , I feel a little let down by SCEE with this .
But what I really want to know is have any of you not been invited to any betas ?
And if you have n’t , do you feel as annoyed by SCEE as I do , or am I just being my over - exaggerating , hyperbolic self ?
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
October 15th , 2008
The backstories for what follows are :
Wall Street Chop Shop
Unloading Toxic Waste Mortgage Backed Securities : “ We Americans Were Very Clever ”
Here ’s part of an email that I sent to someone a couple of days ago :
I ’ve never been as close to honest to god mobsters as I was when I was
contracted out to [ Wall Street firm ] .
No shit , pinky ring wearing ,
Hey - Tony , fuggetaboutit mobsters .
When that stuff went down , the night before the paper dump …
And no law
enforcement was involved in the investigation .
Man , that was it .
You
just knew that this was going to be handled off the books .
So , if I had n’t seen that stuff at [ Wall Street firm ] , I might think , “ Maybe , maybe
not , ” about that Jim Willie story .
But I believe it .
Oh yeah .
Why are n’t more people saying what they saw inside [ Wall Street firm ] ???
The IT
contracting team that I was involved with was literally one step above
janitorial level in that thing and I COULDN ’T BELIEVE what we wound up
seeing .
Where are the stories ???
I ’m not the only one who ’s afraid to talk .
Well , I ’ve told what I know , but I have n’t linked the name to it .
The feds / anyone looking to get even wo n’t have to look far to find A LOT
of people who knew what happened .
The front - line managers in that chop
shop were up to their eyeballs in it .
…
A big component of this thing is 100 % criminal activity .
[ Wall Street firm ] knew
the loans were going to bogus applicants …
…
And now Unkle $ cam comes along to make it all better with the confetti
paper .
HAHAHA
Via : Yahoo Tech Ticker :
The day after the news about a watershed change in American capitalism , the story behind the story of how Hank Paulson forced the nations top 9 banks to take capital is coming to light .
After a discussion of the state of the banking system and U.S. economy , the bankers were then unceremoniously handed a one - page term sheet outlining Paulson ’s plan .
The bank CEOs “ were n’t allowed to negotiate , ” The WSJ reports .
“ Paulson requested that each of them sign .
It was for their own good and the good of the country , he said , according to a person in the room . ”
In sum , Hank Paulson made the bank CEOs an offer they could n’t refuse — like a present - day ( and real ) Don Corleone .
Posted in Economy Top Of Page
What 's the team a Polyphony Digital doing besides finishing their upcoming Gran Turismo 5 racing simulator ?
Making some crazy ass tech demos with four PlayStation 3s hooked together to share rendering time .
Not only can four PS3s create a 2160 p image ( that 's four 1080 p images for a resolution of 3840x2160 blasted on Sony's 4 K projector ) , they can create one single 1080 p image that runs at 240 FPS .
240 !
That 's faster than the human eye can see ; and so fast , we imagine , that you can actually see into the future .
The audience reception was described thusly :
It is as though you are following a real world event happening right in front of your face with your own eyes .
Any and all flickering in the movement of the vehicle , in the smoke from the tires , etc. are completely gone , and you are almost tricked into believing you are watching something in real life .
The guests at the event were baffled by the quality of the image , and stared in amazement at the screen .
Advertisement
Head on over to the Gran Turismo site to see the tech details of how they did this .
[ Gran Turismo via PS3 Fanboy ]
Radiohead is the sort of dopily dissonant , synth - mashing , warbling , British crap that passes for cutting edge these days .
Their Internet fans are legion , their pretentious and egotistically dull albums continue to sell , and the people who malign the good name of critics by calling themselves as much incessantly drool over Radiohead like they 've got platinum bars shooting out of their jocks .
A strong argument for pouring mercury into your ear canal .
We all have a favorite band .
I wo n't tell you what mine is , because even if you 'd heard of them , which you have n't , you could n't even begin to understand them .
I like my favorite band because they 're great .
However , you like your favorite band because the hot girl at the record store likes them .
You like them because that cool friend of yours with the black - framed glasses and the emotionally damaged girl on his arm .
Who knows , maybe you ’re pathetic enough to like them because the goddamned Internet likes them .
What I 'm getting at is this : the basic problem of rock fans is that they 're a bunch of lazy tin-eared babies who would gladly gobble up whatever some circle - jerking hype-rag like Spin or Rolling Stone tells them to like ( or worse yet , maybe they take the advice of Pitchfork Media , if they fancy themselves hipsters or are too cheap to buy magazines ) .
No argument can be made that people like such awful bands “ because they ’re good , ” because it ’s plain to anyone with even the most stunted vestige of a brain that they ’re not .
I have neither the time not inclination to hold your bratty little hands and teach you how to appreciate music .
Instead , I think I 'll just explain to you exactly why these bands you claim to like are entirely without merit .
Why should you listen to me ?
Because I ’m a goddamned scientist .
You do n’t just barge into NASA and start pushing buttons and turning dials all higgledy - piggledy , forming your own little opinions about how physics works , do you ?
No , you let the well - educated science guys do it , because you know jack shit about it ; your only hope is to LISTEN and LEARN .
I ’m not condescending to you .
I ’m smarter than you .
There ’s a difference .
The lazy - eyed gnome uses a Macintosh .
How delightfully insipid .
I think I 'll start with Radiohead , perpetual media darlings and so - called " greatest rock band in the world . "
You ’d have to be blind or illiterate not to notice that the Internet is crawling with poor misguided slobs who have been somehow duped into thinking that these guys do n't suck .
Luckily , I ’m here to dispel that myth .
They suck .
They suck like the wind .
What it boils down to is this : with Radiohead , it 's all about proving something .
Apparently Thom Yorke has something akin to Small Man Syndrome , except in his case it 's more like Small Incredibly Fucking Creepy Disfigured Gnome Syndrome .
First of all , he had to prove that an ethereal fetus - fairy with an heroically obtuse haircut could make it onto the pop-charts .
He did so , of course , with " Creep , " a song so affectingly pathetic that it could make even someone as nerdy as you feel like you had someone to laugh at .
It found a substantial audience among teenage girls who needed someone to feel sorry for , teenage boys who wanted to nail said teenage girls ( or who were captivated by those exiting two seconds before the chorus where it sounds like Johnny Greenwood drops his guitar ) , and denim - jacketed indie- loving radio DJs who are always in search of the " Next Bleak Thing . "
As for the album that spawned this single , “ Pablo Honey , ” let ’s just say that even with the current Radiohead craze in full effect , no revisionist guitar - band historians have dared to step up and claim that it was any good .
It ’s best to just pretend it did n’t exist .
Even with a perfectly respectable one - hit wonder , the newt - faced boy and his merry band of twiddlers were n't content .
They had to furrow their pale brows and set about making an album that would captivate the critics ( or at least one that would have more than one song that anyone would remember in 5 years ) .
What they eventually shat out ( directly into the mouths of those critics ) was The Bends , which gained popularity for such songs as " Fake Plastic Trees , " which was presumably some sort of ham - fisted attempt to convey a message about the angst of the modern world .
Luckily , the business - savvy boys of Radiohead kept it vague enough that even the most vapid black - haired hipster twat could project some sort of rudimentary vestige of meaning onto it .
Their record label paid the requisite $ 50 bribe to the slack - jawed heroin addicts at New Musical Express for a good review .
While I ’m not currently in a masochistic enough mood to look up the reviews , they undoubtedly proclaimed it " staggeringly mature " or perhaps " a bold proclamation of artistic intent ; impossible to ignore . "
Radiohead had their critical success , the British music press had a fresh armful of junk , and everyone was happy .
For their next trick of mass public deception , Radiohead decided to embark on a cosmic journey into the center of Neo - Pink - Floydian masturbatory pretension with OK Computer , the first in a series of Radiohead concept albums entirely lacking in concepts .
They once again took MTV and modern rock radio by storm , this time with a long and tedious single called Paranoid Android .
It was basically Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen , weirded up about 80 % and without the element of irony that made it at least bearable as something to smirk at .
It featured an adorable video ( which was seemingly animated with Mario Paint ) in which , appropriately , a pale and skinny man engaged in entirely meaningless and surreal exploits .
The song was typical of the album ; it was a tale told by five idiots , full of sound and fury but signifying nothing .
Their prog-rock gambit was successful ; rather than being cornered into admitting that they were too stupid to understand the album , fans and music journalists instead just assumed it had some sort of deep and profound meaning , and showered it with simpering praise that still reverberates today on a thousand Internet nerd colonies .
A million brainwashed converts were left yearning for more Radiohead like lambkins for the teat .
More of this , please !
What followed was an extended break in which Radiohead decided to entirely forget about the concepts of melody and even - remotely - not - sucking .
This time they set about to prove that they could not only release an album which was entirely and undeniably without any merit whatsoever and still sell a shitload of copies , but that they could actually do it twice in one year .
Kid A and Amnesiac replaced the inarticulate poetry and weird - for - the - sake - of - weird musicianship of OK Computer with a brand of synthesized rambling usually associated with the crazy , bearded , compulsively - masturbating auteurs of “ IDM , ” which is an imaginary sub - genre of electronic music ( the " I " stands for " Intelligent " which stands for " pretentious and meaningless " ) .
One would think that such wild - eyed , obstreperous garbage would have no choice but to be interesting , but Radiohead once again defied expectations by making the albums as boring as a tea - party with grandma .
Not even your own grandma , with whom you had an emotional connection .
This was like a tea party with your neighbor ’s grandma .
The decidedly lukewarm reaction from the music press only added to the die - hard fans ’ mistaken impression that these albums were deep and mysterious .
Their next move , to their credit , was a shrewd one .
They were well aware that even their most glassy - eyed followers were itching for some kind of a return to form .
The fans found it hard to articulate what exactly they were missing when they listened to Kid A and Amnesiac ; what it was , of course , was the fact that all the tunes had been cleverly removed .
Radiohead had made two albums that superficially resembled music but really were n't music at all .
So , in order to drum up public interest in their next album , they made the outlandish claim it would contain actual tunes and , if we were lucky , perhaps guitar playing which conformed to some sort of pattern .
The carrot at the end of this stick was kept tantalizingly out of reach , of course .
" Hail to the Thief " ( a title which they bought off of Don Henley for a copy of Stupid White Men and a new cardboard box ) was released this year directly into the cable modems of a million greasy social deviants who loved it almost enough to buy it .
The album contains , when we 're lucky , primitive , one - celled predecessors of tunes that with a few million years of evolution might be able to fill up a 5 second cell phone ringtone .
They ’ve given you just enough of what you want that you ’ll buy their next record , but luckily for them they ’ve set the delightful precedent that they can sell just as many records without having to write any actual songs .
Radiohead , the kings nerdy , boring , tuneless rock music , are on top of the world .
They ’ve proven time and time again that they can piss directly into your open mouths , and you ’ll frolic and gargle in the yellow stream like God himself was giving you a nectar - bath .
Loathsome pseudo - intellectual college boys used to have ponytails ; now they have Radiohead .
God help you , you stupid , gullible infants .
I hope you ’ve found this educational .
The first step toward recovery is to break down the misguided opinions that the music press has formed for you .
You ca n’t be truly free until you can look at what was once your favorite band and say , “ everything they ’ve ever done has been utter shit . ”
Hopefully I ’ll be able to lovingly guide you through this process , and gently persuade you about many other bands in a similar fashion .
You might tell me “ David , there is no possible way you could dislike ( insert name of terrible band you stupidly think is good ) .
They are geniuses . ”
Oh , but I can , and I do .
I look forward to the opportunity to shit upon all that you hold sacred , because it ’s the only way you ’ll ever learn , you media - addled philistines .
Feel free to never under any circumstances e-mail me and share your mentally stunted ramblings .
Better yet , feel free to just weep in your goddamned Livejournal about it instead .
– Dr. David Thorpe ( @Arr )
Researchers may not be able to spot the universe 's first stars in their telescopes yet , but that has n't stopped them from taking a close look at how those fireballs emerged from the cold , dark days when the universe was young .
New three - dimensional simulations published in Science show the series of steps by which the uneven fog of hydrogen atoms present before stars took shape would have clumped into protostars — dense balls of hydrogen just 1 percent the mass of the sun .
These stellar seeds would eventually grow into full - fledged stars larger than the sun , fusing hydrogen into helium and then the rest of the elements that make up modern stars , planets and life itself .
The results help illuminate the " cosmic dark ages " during the first billion years after the big bang that kicked off the universe some 13.7 billion years ago .
Variations in the cosmic microwave background radiation tell researchers that matter resulting from the big bang was unevenly distributed .
Stars and galaxies formed in areas where gas was concentrated .
Sounds simple enough , but the huge distances involved have made simulations challenging .
In the new study , researchers from Nagoya University in Aichi , Japan , the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan in Tokyo and Harvard University computed the temperature and density of gas across thousands of light - years ( much greater than the average distance between stars ) at a resolution of about 50,000 miles ( 80,500 kilometers ) , 10 times smaller than the radius of the sun .
They focused on the time when the universe was about 1.3 billion years old .
The simulated gas condensed under its own gravity into clouds of hydrogen molecules measuring tens of light - years across but containing only as much mass as the sun .
The cloud cooled by emitting radiation , which allowed its core to form a flattened , rotating spiral .
After it could cool no more , the center of the spiral congealed into a relatively stiff ball measuring roughly three million miles ( five million kilometers ) in size and reaching a temperature hotter than 18,000 degrees Fahrenheit ( 10,000 kelvins ) in its center .
The simulation stops short of true star formation , however , because shock waves emanating from the protostar made its behavior too complicated .
The results confirm earlier , more simplified simulations , researcher Abraham Loeb of the Harvard –Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics says .
What remains unclear , he adds , is how much gas the core accumulates after it begins to burn hydrogen , which determines the final mass of the star and ultimately its fate — supernova or black hole .
Loeb says it is widely believed that the star tops off at a few tens of solar masses , which when it died would yield a supernova and blow heavy elements into space and seed the formation of smaller stars .
But there 's a chance the star could keep growing until it reached several hundred solar masses .
In that case , it would probably collapse into a black hole and take its heavy elements with it .
One major goal of the James Webb Space Telescope ( JWST ) , the successor to Hubble scheduled for launch in 2013 , is to glimpse faint light from the first galaxies to confirm researchers ' understanding of the earliest stars .
Astrophysicist Volker Bromm of the University of Texas at Austin wrote in an editorial accompanying the study that the combination of JWST with other experiments and improved simulations " promises to close the final gap in our cosmic worldview in the decade ahead . "
Audi A4 voted the most beautiful car of the year
News , Audi
on 10/01/2008
Source : Audi
Filed under :on 10/01/2008 Source : Audi Audi is making a habit of winning the Auto Bild Design Award conferred by readers of Auto Bild : After voting the Audi TT the winner in 2006 and the Audi R8 the victor one year later , the readers of the German automotive magazine this year chose the Audi A4 as the “ most beautiful car of the year , ” and thus as the overall champion .
In addition , the A4 also took a clear first place in the sedan and station wagon category , finishing well ahead of its competitors .
The Audi A3 likewise outperformed all its rivals in the small and compact car segment , as did the Audi Q5 in the off - road vehicle and SUV category .
Approximately 42,000 readers of Auto Bild took part in the voting on vehicle design , choosing from among more than 100 cars in seven categories .
The magazine has been presenting the award since 2006 , with Audi taking first place overall every year .
The Audi Q5 immediately won out in the off - road vehicle and SUV category this year , before even being launched on the market .
In the overall rankings , the Q5 received so many votes that it took third place its first time out .
The Audi A3 product improvement impressed readers , accumulating more than 23 percent of the votes .
Audi rounded off its success in the study and concept car category , taking second place with the Audi A1 project quattro .
Rupert Stadler , Chairman of the Board of Management of AUDI AG , will accept the award from Bernd Wieland , editor - in - chief of Auto Bild , at the Paris Motor Show on Thursday .
Source : Audi
Share with : Delicious reddit Facebook StumbleUpon
Prev : Paris preview : Audi A1 Sportback concept Next : Second snapshot of the Aston Martin Project One - 77 released
Your Comments
Confirmed atheist Richard Dawkins was forced onto the defensive yesterday after he died but subsequently rose from the dead in a miraculous resurrection , much like that of the son of God Jesus Christ .
‘ There are a number of perfectly logical scientific explanations for what has happened ’ he told journalists flocking to hear his story or just touch the hem of his clothing .
‘ Although I was pronounced dead after the unfortunate incident on Friday , the doctors clearly made a mistake .
The fact that there was thunder and lightning , and those around claim to have heard the sound of angelic voices is completely irrelevant . ’
Dawkins suffered a shocking but ironic death on Friday having been seized by a mysterious gang of burly men dressed as Roman soldiers .
They nailed him to a cross , and left him there until he died some hours later .
However on Sunday , his body was no longer to be found in Slough mortuary , and he was seen walking on the A4 towards his home , where his resurrection was hailed as a miracle .
It is being suggested in some quarters that Richard Dawkins was being taught a lesson by God , who has now given him magical powers including the ability to walk on water and cast out demons .
A bitter Pope Benedict said ‘ Why is it the naughty ones get all the attention ?
I have been saying that I definitely , definitely believe in God for ages and I have n’t been given the ability to perform a single miracle .
Unless you count progressing from the Hitler Youth to being God ’s representative on Earth , I suppose . ’
Despite the miraculous events of the past few days , Richard Dawkins was standing by his militant atheism .
‘ All of it can be explained by science and rational thought ’ he insisted to reporters outside his front door .
At this point a leper rushed through the crowd , and kissed Dawkins ’ feet , only to stand up apparently totally cured of her hideous affliction .
‘ OK , that is pretty impressive , I admit ’ said the author of The God Delusion .
‘ Oh shit , I think I ’m going to get pissed . ’
At that he touched a bottle of mineral water , turning it into Chateau Lafite 1967 , and slunk inside to drink it .
See also : Atheism renounced to avoid working bank holiday weekend .
Does 1 plus 1 really equal 2 ?
Only mathematicians could ask such a strange question and only mathematicians could ( and , as you 'll be relieved to hear , have ) come up with a rigorous proof based on a meticulously worked - out definition of the whole numbers .
Given this insistence on formality , it may be surprising that your average proof in an academic journal is riddled with informalities .
Authors gloss over details , appeal to pictures , even intuition , and take hidden leaps of logical faith that , philosophically speaking , are n't entirely justified .
These days mathematics contains proofs so long and complex that few people are able to check and understand them in full , yet once a result has made it through the peer review process and into a journal , its truth is taken as read .
Soon a task for computers ?
All this is a far cry from the mathematical dream which started with Euclid over 2000 years ago : that every mathematical statement should be derived from the very axioms of mathematics in a sequence of verifiable logical steps .
Proofs which do this are known as formal proofs , and they are the focus of a special issue of the Notices of the American Mathematics Society , which is now freely available online .
The issue contains four accessible articles exploring the current state of the art of formal proofs and giving some practical guidance for those feeling the need to formalise their maths .
The reason why you 'll find few formal proofs in the mathematical literature is that they are tedious and long .
Famously , it took Bertrand Russell and Alfred Whitehead until page 86 of the second volume of their Principia Mathematica to prove that 1 plus 1 is indeed 2 , a result they accompanied by the comment " the above proposition is occasionally useful " .
The definition of the number 1 , when laid out according to the strict rules of the Bourbaki school of mathematics , would run to over four trillion symbols .
Even if mathematicians submitted to the tedious task of expanding all their proofs in such a painstaking manner , it would not be humanly possible to check all the logical steps involved .
But what mathematicians are currently exploring is whether the essentially mechanical task of checking formal proofs could be left to those who are best at the mind - numbing application of rules : computers .
Computer assisted proofs have been a hot topic in mathematics for a while now .
Debate started in the 1970s when the mathematicians Kenneth Appel and Wolfgang Haken produced a proof for the four colour theorem which relied on a volume of computer calculations so large that no human could possibly check them all .
Given the amount of bugs that routinely creep into computer programs ( according to one of the articles in the Notices , a typical software program contains one bug per 100 lines of code ) this raises the question whether such computer assisted proofs can be trusted , and their validity is indeed hotly disputed by mathematicians .
The computer tools that have been developed to help with formalising proofs , the aptly named computer proof assistants , are essentially different from purpose - built programs like those used by Appel and Haken .
Rather than performing a set of specific calculations , the proof assistants can take as input any formalised mathematical proof and check its validity .
Several proof assistants are currently competing for mathematicians ' favour .
Each is based on the basic axioms of mathematics ( what exactly these axioms should be is disputed , but there is a general consensus ) and rules of logical inference .
Once a mathematical proof has been formalised and translated into a language the proof assistant can understand , the assistant goes off to check that there are no holes , and that the result does indeed derive directly from the axioms .
The hope is that with the help of these tools , many important mathematical results can eventually be made absolutely water tight .
The question of bugs does of course remain .
How do you know that the assistant does n't contain any ?
Thomas C Hales , a proponent of computer proof assistants writing in the Notices , points to the surprising simplicity of the central bits of code that drive the assistants : one of them , known as HOL Light , is implemented by a section of code a mere 500 lines long .
The code is openly available for scrutiny and has passed under the eyes of expert logicians .
What 's more , proofs can be verified by more than one assistant , and the chance that several assistants erroneously verify the same false proof is extremely low .
In fact , Hales believes that " the error rates of top - tier theorem - proving systems are orders of magnitude smaller than error rates in the most prestigious mathematical journals . "
Currently , formalising a proof and having it checked by a computer proof assistant is still an enormous undertaking , and most working mathematicians have little to do with computerised theorem proving tools .
However , the idea is that , as the library of formally verified proofs grows , mathematicians will routinely interact with computerised systems , submitting their own proofs and checking which results have already been verified .
Hales hopes that the system will eventually " become a familiar part of the mathematical workplace , much as email , ... computer algebra systems and web browsers are today . "
So much for checking the work of human mathematicians , but can computers actually come up with their own proofs ?
Some progress has been made in this area , too , especially with programs designed to solve special classes of problems .
General theorem discovery tools , however , operate at most at the level of your average undergraduate exercise , proving , for example , that the number e is irrational .
A sizeable task for an undergraduate , but disappointing viewed from the cutting edge of mathematical research .
For the moment , and probably for some time to come , mathematicians ' jobs are safe from their automated counterparts .
Further reading
Former President Bill Clinton on Monday praised Senator Barack Obama ’s energy policy at the opening of the National Clean Energy Summit in Las Vegas .
But Mr. Clinton also lauded Mr. Obama ’s rival , Senator John McCain , and said that either candidate would be progressive on the issue of climate change .
“ Obviously , I favor Senator Obama ’s energy positions , and Democrats have been by and large the more forward - leaning actors , ” Mr. Clinton said .
“ But John McCain has the best record of any Republican running for president on the energy issue and on climate change . ”
He added , “ I ’m very encouraged about where the presidential rhetoric is in this campaign . ”
Mr. Clinton ’s remarks opened the two - day summit , held at the University of Nevada , Las Vegas , and organized by Senator Harry Reid , Democrat of Nevada , and John Podesta , Mr. Clinton ’s former chief of staff .
Mr. Clinton challenged Nevada to tap its abundant wind and sunlight to become the first carbon - neutral state .
He also questioned the recent rush to support offshore drilling .
In 1978 Robert C Bayliss paid for a Richland County land parcel in rural Viola , Wisconsin , and built a log cabin on it .
Several years ago his well was ruined during a road - blasting project on Hwy G adjoining his property .
He could not afford to drill a new well .
Later , in 2000 , a mail mix - up made it appear to Richland County that his taxes were delinquent .
While arguing with the county about that , he sent them a bill for $ 5,000 to replace his well .
The county refused reimbursement , so he did not pay taxes from 2000 to 2006 , an amount of $ 6,509.44 plus interest .
On March 31 , 2008 , authorities attempted to serve eviction civil process papers .
Bayliss responded with warning shots .
April 3 , 2008 , at 9:01 , a.m. , authorities from all over the state attempted an assault with an armored Bear Cat .
The 60 - year - old Viet Nam navy sonar technician held his ground .
At 4:52 p.m. , a third assault with three Bear Cats , a helicopter , plane , IR camera , and PA system deployed firearms and teargas .
Bayliss surrendered after his house caught on fire .
No injuries were sustained , but the three Bear Cats were damaged .
The FBI and BATF were on the scene to secure and clear the area .
Bayliss faces nine counts :
Eight felonies including two counts of first degree attempted homicide and is facing up to 186 years of maximum prison time .
Richland County Sheriff Darrell Berglin stated , " It was Mr. Bayliss who decided how this day was going to begin and how this day was going to end , " and " Ruby Ridge , Waco , that s what were dealing with here .
It was a pretty heavy decision .
Im glad I m not going to a funeral . "
Rumors are circulating that the cost of the operation may approach $ 500,000 .
The property was assessed at $ 30,500 in 2007 and will be auctioned off for a $ 40,000 minimum bid , without a house .
Non-violent means of dealing with Bayliss were most likely available .
A former Viola volunteer firefighter , he is well respected by neighbors and the community .
Authorities view him as anti-government .
Bayliss is a short - wave radio commentary listener with pro-constitutional views , whose rights have been violated by unethical techniques .
Is there an attorney who will step forward to represent this financially challenged individual whose bail may approach $ 1 million ?
Tyranny can only prevail if good men do nothing !!
~ With thanks to Brice W. Davis , Ron Paul supporter and farmer from Soldiers Grove , WI , for submitting this report .
Sources include the Richland Observer and Wisconsin State Journal .
When not in Rome ... simply log on to Google to see the ancient city restored to its former glory
It is difficult to imagine how Ancient Rome might have looked - unless you stand among the ruins and squint .
Now you do n't have to .
The Eternal City has been restored to its former glory with the help of a computer model .
Google has launched a model that allows visitors to explore Ancient Rome , going inside famous buildings such as the Colosseum
Visitors can explore Rome as it was under the Emperor Constantine in 320 AD , regarded by many historians as its heyday .
The three - dimensional world was created by Google and is available to download for free .
It lets users stand in the centre of the Forum , stroll across the arena of the Colosseum or fly through the Arch of Constantine .
They can explore 6,700 buildings and the detailed interiors of 11 structures including the Temple of Venus and Rome , the Temple of Vesta and the Basilica of Maxentius .
The model also reveals how Trajan 's Column - a 125ft monument at the centre of the Forum - can be seen from across the city and lets explorers tour Ludus Magnus , the gladiatorial training school .
Each building has been carefully reconstructed and positioned using historical records , recreating the biggest and most important metropolis of the ancient world .
The guide features 6,700 buildings including the Circus Maximus ( top ) and Forum ( below )
Google claims the site will be invaluable to historians , students and school children , as well as helping to bring the city to life for tourists .
The model is available via Google Earth , the internet service which allows users to explore the world using satellite maps .
Although some city centres such as San Francisco and Munich and famous landmarks have been recreated in three dimensions , this is the first time users have been able to walk around an ancient city .
The virtual tour is based on a physical model - the Plastico di Roma Antica - created by archaeologists and model makers between 1933 and 1974 .
One of the technical whizzes behind the Google version , Bernard Frische of the University of Virginia , said : ' The project is the continuation of five centuries of research by scholars , architects and artists since the Renaissance who have attempted to restore the ruins of the ancient city with words , maps and images . '
Mayor of Rome Gianni Alemanno said : ' Our spectacular ancient remains continue to fascinate people all around the world drawing millions of tourists to our city every year .
We 're delighted even more people all over the world can now enjoy the heritage of our great city .
' It 's a perfect example of how the new technologies can be ideal allies of our history , archaeology and cultural identity . '
See Ancient Rome rise from the ruins ...
( Please note that this is my per­son­al take at the dis­cus­sions that took place in Dubai as part of the Glob­al Agen­da Coun­cil on the Chal­lenges of Geron­tol­ogy put togeth­er by the World Eco­nom­ic Forum , and builds on the work of my col­leagues , but it does not rep­re­sent a for­mal doc­u­ment or state­ment of posi­tion .
Sim­ply put , we would like to engage your brain in defin­ing the chal­lenges and outlining / exe­cut­ing the solu­tions ) .
Con­text : The Chal­lenges of the Aging Soci­ety
The world is aging .
This is occur­ring in two ways : through shifts in the age struc­ture that will even­tu­al­ly lead to many more peo­ple reach­ing old­er ages than ever before , and through con­tin­ued suc­cess in extend­ing life .
Less than 100 years ago , life expectan­cy was between 30 to 40 years .
Today , close to 800 mil­lion cit­i­zens are 60 and over .
And aging in health­i­er ways .
Aging has incor­rect­ly been asso­ci­at­ed with decline and decay , when in fact many peo­ple live healthy into old­er ages .
There has been a syn­chro­nous exten­sion in life expectan­cy and qual­i­ty of life — the aver­age 65 - year - old today is much health­i­er , phys­i­cal­ly and men­tal­ly , than the aver­age 50 - year - old of 100 – 150 years ago — when most exist­ing insti­tu­tions were envi­sioned and cre­at­ed .
Healthy life can be fur­ther extend­ed with exist­ing knowl­edge .
The fact is the onset and pro­gres­sion of fatal and dis­abling dis­eases , dis­or­ders , and dis­abil­i­ty can be post­poned using well - researched basic mea­sures of pub­lic health , envi­ron­men­tal and behav­iour­al changes , and med­ical tech­nol­o­gy inter­ven­tions .
The same meth­ods may be used to improve or main­tain men­tal and phys­i­cal func­tion­ing .
Our health­care and retire­ment sys­tems are on bank­rupt­cy track — their premis­es are out­dat­ed .
Exist­ing insti­tu­tions , poli­cies and atti­tudes do not reflect the points out­lined above , hav­ing been devel­oped for a soci­ety that no longer exists .
We need to get on the right track : aging pop­u­la­tions rep­re­sent poten­tial resources that are cur­rent­ly untapped or under­uti­lized .
The cur­rent dis­ease - based research agen­da com­pounds the prob­lem : emerg­ing bio­med­ical research holds the promise of slow­ing down the bio­log­i­cal process­es of aging — there­by con­tribut­ing to low­er preva­lence rates of a spec­trum of dis­eases .
Yet , giv­en exist­ing fund­ing par­a­digms , there is not a well - inte­grat­ed and fund­ed research plan in place to dri­ve the agen­da .
Solu­tion : Cap­tur­ing the Longevi­ty Div­i­dend with a Healthy Aging Agen­da
Get­ting our insti­tu­tions and poli­cies in the right track ‑giv­en the grow­ing exten­sion of healthy life - can pay a series of eco­nom­ic , health , and oth­er life course div­i­dends .
A course change can have a sig­nif­i­cant return on invest­ment , and the absence of this course change will have a series of neg­a­tive con­se­quences glob­al­ly .
We need to cap­ture the longevi­ty div­i­dend to ben­e­fit peo­ple of all ages , as well as old­er adults - stop think­ing Bur­den , start think­ing Human Cap­i­tal to be main­tained and deployed .
To cap­ture this Longevi­ty Div­i­dend , we need to move the agen­da for­ward in three com­pli­men­ta­ry areas :
1 ) Pro­mote Healthy Lifestyles that help Main­tain Phys­i­cal and Cog­ni­tive Func­tion­al Abil­i­ties :
- Part­ner to Raise the Pre­ven­tion Agen­da : we need adopt a cross-sec­tor life course approach to health pro­mo­tion , engag­ing not only the health and insur­ance sys­tem but also the edu­ca­tion sys­tem and the media sec­tor .
In health­care , we need to inte­grate med­ical care and pub­lic health approach­es to pre­vent and ame­lio­rate chron­ic dis­eases and con­di­tions — geri­atric med­i­cine offer a valu­able tem­plate for health care redesign that would be ben­e­fi­cial for all .
- Invest in Life­long Learn­ing : invest­ing in edu­ca­tion at every point in the life course , encour­ag­ing life long learn­ing .
2) Redesign Envi­ron­ments to Fos­ter Health , Engage­ment and Finan­cial Secu­ri­ty :
- Redesign Retire­ment Poli­cies : redesign­ing the cur­rent retire­ment par­a­digm through enhanced flex­i­bil­i­ty offers a win/ win/ win sce­nario — for employ­ers , employ­ees , and soci­ety at large .
- Pro­vide oppor­tu­ni­ties for pro­duc­tive engage­ment : cre­ate new gen­er­a­tive roles and a host of oppor­tu­ni­ties for pro­duc­tiv­i­ty and engage­ment by elder adults .
These would con­fer huge soci­etal ben­e­fits on unmet glob­al needs , and if designed cor­rect­ly , will pro­mote the health of an aging soci­ety .
One exam­ple is the “ expe­ri­ence corps ” mod­el .
- Redesign Cities : redesign­ing cities to sup­port healthy aging and inde­pen­dence and engage­ment .
One of the tran­si­tions that will take place is that a sig­nif­i­cant por­tion of future cohorts will live in cities .
Hence , we need to cre­ate nec­es­sary envi­ron­ments and trans­porta­tions that will accom­mo­date this trend .
3 ) Devel­op an inte­grat­ed Healthy Aging Research Agen­da : the dis­ease - spe­cif­ic mod­el needs to be sup­ple­ment­ed by advanc­ing research design to slow the bio­log­i­cal process­es of aging .
We need to raise and inte­grate resources to invest in research for inno­va­tion in new social exper­i­ments , retire­ment and pen­sion poli­cies that work , con­tin­u­um of liv­ing cir­cum­stances that encour­age liv­ing in place , devel­op­ment of enhance­ments that encour­age phys­i­cal and cog­ni­tive func­tion­ing , basic bio­log­i­cal research on aging , all built on a strong social com­pact .
There are 2 promis­ing areas to start mov­ing this agen­da for­ward :
1 ) Pro­pose a new Mil­len­ni­um Devel­op­ment goal : Include these press­ing issues as one of the Mil­len­ni­um Devel­op­ment Goals , opti­miz­ing a full healthy life course and har­ness­ing the oppor­tu­ni­ties of an aging world , includ­ing build­ing effec­tive approach­es .
2 ) Pro­pose a Healthy Aging agen­da for Glob­al 2000 com­pa­nies : in part­ner­ship with the appro­pri­ate Coun­cils , sug­gest research - based prac­tices and poli­cies : — Health pro­mo­tion in the work place .
— Flex­i­ble retire­ment poli­cies .
— Defin­ing new roles for old­er adults and civic engage­ment .
— Invest in life long learn­ing .
— Devel­op new tech­nolo­gies , prod­ucts and ser­vices for an under­served , and grow­ing , mar­ket .
Now , your turn : Ã‚Â can you help define the chal­lenges and out­line the solu­tions ?
Carl says : " Although there is a fair amount of waste , there is a lot of food left over which is always shared out with the team , though most of the food used in the sets have either been superglued or pinned , and neither of these makes for good eating . ”
This fishscape features rocks made of oyster shells and crab claws , boats made of marrows and asparagus , and a shining , silvery , slippery sea of fish
Credit : CARL WARNER
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has announced that the Government will guarantee all deposits in Australian banks , building societies and credit unions for the next three years .
Mr Rudd has announced the measures in response to the global financial crisis , making the Federal Government liable for up to $ 700 billion in bank deposits .
He says the Government will guarantee all money that Australian banks borrow internationally and it will stand by all deposits in Australian institutions with no cap on the maximum amount .
" The Australian Government will guarantee all deposits whatever their size in all Australian financial institutions for three years , " he said .
Mr Rudd says Australia 's institutions are sound , but these measures are needed because other Governments are offering guarantees on their institutions .
" This global financial crisis has entered a new and dangerous phase with real consequences for growth , for jobs and therefore for the future , " he said .
Opposition Leader Malcolm Turnbull says it is an important step .
" Mr Rudd and I are very much of the one mind on these measures , " he said .
The Government is also doubling to $ 8 billion the amount of mortgage backed securities it will buy .
Mr Rudd says the global crisis will mean higher unemployment in Australia but he says the Government still intends meeting its election commitments .
Earlier , Federal Treasurer Wayne Swan said the Government must be mindful that other countries are guaranteeing all bank deposits .
" We are looking at broadening the scheme and we are getting feedback on what 's occurring elsewhere in the world , because we can't operate separately from the rest of the world , " he said .
" We have to have a scheme which is broadly compatible with the rest of the world and that 's what I 've been providing the feedback on . "
In the 1990s , Japan experienced a financial crisis after the bursting of a bubble .
Although outside the scope of this paper , the seeds of the crisis might have been sown during the financial deregulation in the 1980s before the formation of asset bubbles .
When the gap between competitive pressures in the financial markets and a " convoy " style of banking supervision and regulation that , in effect , ensured the viability of the weakest banks became unsustainable , the crisis erupted .
In this regard , it may be argued that the crisis was accentuated by the formation and bursting of the bubble .
It was an unprecedented crisis in terms of severity .
Though essentially a domestic problem , with the authorities ' primary concerns focused on its impact on the domestic financial system and economy , in an increasingly integrated global economy and finance there was a latent , potential risk that a mishandling of the crisis could trigger a cross - border financial crisis .
Most of the seven years I spent at the Financial System Division of the Bank of Japan ( 1993 to 2000 ) were devoted to crisis management in an attempt to prevent the crisis from getting out of control .
Throughout this period the Division remained totally committed to the policy objective of the central bank as stipulated in the Bank of Japan Law , namely , the maintenance of financial system stability .
Nonetheless , the efforts to overcome the crisis turned out to be a very lengthy process and also very costly .
This is the main point of the criticism blaming policymakers for " the lost decade " in which the financial intermediary function was severely undermined , contributing to an extended recession .
The purpose of this paper is to focus on the policies of the financial authorities from the time the bubble burst until early 2000 , when a more systematic approach to deal with troubled banks became available .
It aims to shed light on the policy responses of the authorities with a particular focus on the central bank 's crisis management to address financial instability .
Therefore , macroeconomic developments or monetary policy , which also had a significant influence in shaping the financial crisis of 1990s are outside the scope of this paper .
Similarly , policy responses after 2000 are not covered in this paper .
They may have to be examined separately in the light of what happened subsequently .
The paper first traces in Section 1 the chronology of events and the policy responses by the authorities and describes the evolutionary way in which the safety net in Japan was reinforced .
Section 2 tries to identify factors that explain why it has taken so long to bring the crisis under control .
Section 3 focuses on the central bank 's lender of last resort function because this was one of the key policy tools in addressing the crisis .
By categorising various types of emergency fund provision by the central bank , the paper explores whether the responsibility of the central bank might have been overstretched during the earlier part of the crisis .
Section 4 refers to some comparative aspects in an attempt to identify key features of Japan 's experience that stand out relative to other countries that have undergone banking crises .
Section 5 asks whether any information or indices could effectively warn the authorities of build - up of risks in the financial system .
Section 6 outlines the new safety net that became effective in April 2001 and highlights the key features incorporated in the new framework following lessons learned in the crisis management during the 1990s .
Finally , Section 7 sets out some of the future challenges for the central bank and the Japanese banking industry .
I am conscious of the limitations of the paper in that it is based on my personal experience as a chief manager of the central bank who led the team on the front line dealing with the crisis .
Thus , the views expressed in the paper are my own and do not necessarily reflect the official views of the BIS or the Bank of Japan .
I am also conscious that the problem that Japan has faced is not over yet .
Indeed , further developments in Japan 's financial system may yield more implications and lessons .
Still , despite some idiosyncratic aspects , it is my belief that the financial crisis we faced was in many ways not a unique Japanese experience .
There are many universal aspects and lessons that can be relevant for other countries that might experience similar problems in the future .
Moreover , given the persistent vulnerability of Japan 's financial system as of 2001 , the experience thus far would provide Japan 's policymakers with guideposts for the way forward to finish off the problem that overshadowed Japan 's financial system and economy for more than a decade .
In this regard , the paper is intended to benefit both the domestic and the international community as a basis for further discussions concerning effective crisis prevention and management to address potential financial disturbances .
In 2003 , he was awarded the prestigious Pritzker prize for architecture .
The jury singled out the Opera House as one of the most iconic buildings of the 20th Century , arguing it " proves that the marvellous and seemingly impossible in architecture can be achieved " .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd today paid tribute to the " visionary " architect .
" Joern Utzon was a visionary architect whose legacy includes one of the world 's most spectacular and inspiring buildings , the Sydney Opera House , " Mr Rudd said in a statement .
" Standing proudly on the edge of Sydney Harbour , the Opera House is one of the most internationally recognised symbols of our nation . "
NSW premier Nathan Rees said the " masterpiece ' ' was now a UNESCO World Heritage - listed site and one of the busiest performing arts centres in the world , with more than 7.5 million people visiting every year .
" We are deeply saddened by the death of Joern Utzon to whom Australia is indebted for its iconic building , '' Mr Rees said .
Utzon drew up the design for the Opera House in 1957 but quit seven years before it was finished after scandals about cost blowouts and design arguments .
Government - appointed architects took over and the interior was not completed to Utzon 's original plan .
Opera House
Trust chairman Kim Williams said the famous building would dim its lights tonight as a sign of respect .
" Joern Utzon was an architectural and creative genius who gave Australia and the world a great gift , " Mr Williams said in a statement .
" Sydney Opera House is core to our national cultural identity and a source of great pride to all Australians .
" It has become the most globally recognised symbol of our country . "
A member of the pantheon of the 20th Century 's architectural greats , Utzon was haunted - but insisted he was not embittered - by the disastrous end of his relationship with Sydney and what has become the city 's harbourside symbol .
He declined invitations to return to Australia but has collaborated from afar on the most recent plans to alleviate the building 's space and acoustics problems .
Born in Copenhagen in 1918 , Utzon graduated from the capital 's academy of arts in 1942 , working in several major Danish architectural offices and later with Alvar Aalto in Finland .
He established his own practice in Copenhagen in 1950 .
Utzon 's earliest buildings were private homes .
His winning the design competition for the Opera House in 1956 was a surprise to many colleagues .
Utzon also designed the national assembly building in Kuwait City which was built between 1971 and 1983 and resembles a series of large tents , evoking the traditional meeting places of the Bedouin nomads .
Utzon lived in Mallorca , off Spain 's eastern coast .
He worked in partnership on several projects including a church that opened in 1976 in Bagsvaerd , a Copenhagen suburb and more recently consulting on the Opera House refurbishments .
Utzon was awarded the Order of Australia in 1985 and the Sonning prize for contributing to European culture in 1988 .
He is survived by his wife Lis and their three children , Kim , Jan and Lin , and several grandchildren .
With AP , AAP
In the June 2008 Top 500 list , the Cray XT Jaguar was number 5 with 205 teraflop /s .
By comparison , the number 1 was an IBM Roadrunner Bladecentre , with a mix of 6,562 Dual Core Opterons and 12,240 PowerXCell8i Cell Processors , housed in 278 cabinets .
That got up to 1.026 petaflop/s .
In June the Jaguar had 30,000 Quad Core Opterons , and now it has 45,000 .
The previous machine was an XT4 , but the most recent update shows that 200 XT5 cabinets have been added to it .
I have been unable to find how many cabinets the Jaguar has in total , but it seems that in June it had 313 ( 30,000 Opterons and 96 Opterons per cabinet ) .
To me , the Jaguar seems to be two machines : the Cray XT4 , and the Cray XT5 .
I 'm also wary how increasing the number of processors by 50 % yeilds an 800 % performance increase .
I 'm going to wait until the official figures have been released on the 18th .
If the Jaguar has had a performance increase , then I 'd say the IBM machine would have had one too .
It seems Cray are just fighting a war of attrition , trying to win back the supercomputing crown they held for so long ( in the company 's previous incarnations ) .
They seem to be throwing processors at the problem .
Yes there is more to supercomputers than processors ( interconnects , switching , and memory management design are also vital ) , but a 45,000 processor beast taking up 500 + cabinets is not a very elegant solution compared to a machine with 18,800 processors taking up only 278 cabinets ( and arguably using far less power ) .
In zero gravity , water floats in globules and adheres to any receptacle in which it is placed , posing the problem of moving the water through a coffee filter .
PRINCETON , NJ --
While 6 % of voters say they are less likely to vote for Barack Obama because of his race , 9 % say they are more likely to vote for him , making the impact of his race a neutral to slightly positive factor when all voters ' self - reported attitudes are taken into account .
At the same time , 6 % of voters say John McCain 's race will make them less likely to vote for him , with 7 % saying it makes them more likely to vote for him , leading to the same basic conclusion : McCain 's race , like Obama's , is on balance neither a plus nor a minus .
These conclusions are based on eight dimensions potentially affecting the vote for both candidates .
The dimensions were included in Gallup 's Oct. 3 - 5 poll , and analyzed overall by Gallup 's Jeff Jones .
One of the dimensions tested for each candidate was " his race . "
More specifically , as was true for each of the other seven dimensions , respondents were asked to indicate whether each candidate 's race made them more likely , or less likely , to vote for him for president .
The data are presented in the charts here .
Eighty - five percent of voters say Obama 's race makes no difference , and 87 % say McCain 's race makes no difference .
This makes race the single dimension out of the eight tested that is the least likely to have an impact on the vote .
As noted above , the self - reported impact of race for both Obama and McCain is mixed , with about as many respondents saying race will make them more likely to vote for each candidate as say race will make them less likely to vote for each .
The potential impact of Obama 's race on the election has been the more scrutinized this year .
These data , taken at face value , show that if anything , his race could be a net plus , in the sense that it makes slightly more voters want to vote for him than not want to vote for him .
There is , as expected , a difference by the race of the respondent in answers to this question .
Among nonwhites in the sample , there is a net difference of 11 percentage points in Obama 's favor in terms of the likelihood to vote for him because of his race .
Among non-Hispanic whites in the sample , there is a slight net negative for Obama of - 1 point .
The impact of McCain 's race among nonwhites , on the other hand , is - 8 points .
Among whites it is +4 .
Implications
Much has been written about the impact of race in this year 's election , a not surprising fact given that Obama is the first black major - party candidate in U.S. presidential history to gain his party 's nomination .
The data analyzed here -- based on voters ' self - reports -- show that the impact of Obama 's and McCain 's races appears to cut both ways .
Enough voters , particularly nonwhites , say they are more likely to vote for Obama because of his race to offset the small percentage who say they are less likely to vote for him because of his race .
And the same is true in reverse for McCain : the impact of nonwhites ' saying his race is a negative is offset by those who say it is a positive .
More specifically , to review perhaps the most important finding in these data , 7 % of white voters say Obama 's race makes them less likely to vote for him .
But 6 % of white voters say Obama 's race makes them more likely to vote for him .
And among nonwhite voters , Obama 's race is a significant net plus .
It is important to note that these data are based on self - reports of survey respondents , and may not reflect the unconscious impact of race and / or the willingness of respondents to admit that the race of a candidate affects their voting behavior .
But the racial data discussed here were collected in a grid of eight different dimensions , which may have had the impact of downplaying any particular significance to race as a concept that respondents focused on .
In the final reality , it may be impossible to tell exactly what impact the fact that Obama is black and McCain white may have on the outcome of the Nov. 4 election .
These results suggest that the large majority of American voters at this point say neither man 's race will be a factor in their vote decision .
Certainly it 's true that a small percentage of white voters say Obama 's race will be a negative to them , and a small percentage of nonwhite voters say McCain 's race will be a negative .
These results are offset by the fact that each man 's race is a plus to other voters .
Perhaps more importantly , in the context of other candidate dimensions tested in the recent research , race is actually the least important factor tested .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 926 registered voters , aged 18 and older , conducted Oct. 3 - 5 , 2008 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±4 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Description : Say hello to possibly the hottest fan video ever made .
Vikki and Brooke ( do n't ask me which is which ) are fully outfitted in their sexy new S&F gear and put on quite a show !
Views : 3361176 Date : July 28 , 2008 Favorited : 216
Today 's web spotlight and shout out goes to the Gay & Lesbian Atheists & Humanists ( GALAH ) .
There is much misunderstanding and hate directed at both gays and atheists / agnostics , this organization serves as a double minority seeking to create awareness .
The organization offers a voice for LGBT people who are atheists , agnostics , humanists and / or skeptics .
They have meetings in San Francisco , Los Angeles , and Washington D.C. and also offer a newsletter as well as interesting articles .
Check out GALAH .
It is unclear if Alaska governor will be welcomed by Republicans as many blame her for their party 's disarray
Sarah Palin barely waited for the dust to settle on the wreckage of the Republican party before offering herself as its saviour today .
But while Palin 's sights seem fixed on 2012 after the meteoric rise and fall of her 68 days on the national stage , it is far from clear her fellow Republicans will welcome the return of the woman many blame for John McCain 's defeat and their party 's disarray .
By the time McCain steeled himself to concede to Barack Obama at his election night party in Arizona , Palin was practically persona non grata in the Republican presidential campaign .
She was given no chance to speak , relegated to standing tearfully by McCain 's side while he owned the Republican defeat .
Palin soon reached out for the attention she felt she deserved in a cell phone call to a crowd of supporters in her hometown of Wasilla , Alaska .
To great cheers , she promised : she would return .
" I am neither bitter nor vanquished , but very confident in the knowledge that there will be another day . "
Not , however , if her enemies inside Camp McCain can help it .
Palin 's biggest challenge may well be rebuilding the image of herself as a credible and competent leader that was severely damaged by her overnight celebrity - not to mention the parodies by comedian Tina Fey .
As of this morning , a majority of Americans thought she was unfit for the White House .
In the waning days of the election , as it became clear that McCain 's pick of Palin had cost him votes , the governor of Alaska was the repository of aides ' assembled frustrations with the course of the campaign .
A steady flow of leaks described her as a power - mad diva who was forever threatening to " go rogue " , and ditch the talking points supplied her by campaign staff .
Then there was the not - so - small matter of wardrobe .
The self - described down - home hockey mom turned governor had expensive tastes once released from the Great White North onto the shopping malls of mainland America , it turned out .
First came revelations campaign aides spent $ 150,00 to clothe , shod and groom Palin as well as her entire family for their prime time debut on the campaign trail .
A Newsweek report today made Palin seem even greedier , quoting low level campaign staff complaining that she had made them finance her shopping sprees on their personal credit cards .
The controversies may well force Palin into an extended period of exile in Alaska .
Then again , things might not be so good for Palin on the home front .
Though Palin entered the election campaign with historic approval ratings after barely two years as Alaska 's governor , she has suffered under the high beam exposure on the national stage .
An aggressive national press dug into her governing style , revealing a highly personalised approach that may jar ordinary Alaskans .
Palin could also face a backlash against her practice of billing the state government for her children 's travel .
Palin , who had sold herself at home as a pragmatic reformer , was also revealed as an ideologue at the right of the Republican party .
That could set her up for bitter partisan battles when she returns home to fill out the remainder of her term .
Palin also faces continued rumbles about Troopergate , the inquiry into whether she improperly sacked the head of police in her state after he refused to sack her estranged brother - in - law .
There was good news for Palin this week when a personnel board investigation cleared the governor of wrongdoing , but questions remained about conflicting testimony between Palin and the police chief , Walter Monegan .
There was also speculation today about payback against Palin from a Democratic administration in Washington .
" I hope the new president has a magnanimous soul , " Hollis French , the powerful Democrat who is one of Palin 's biggest rivals in Alaska , told the Anchorage Daily News .
The controversial FISA Amendments
Act , which passed this summer over the fervent opposition of civil libertarians , was supposed to kill the lawsuits filed by the Electronic Frontier Foundation and American Civil Liberties Union against telecoms charged with complicity in the National Security Agency 's clandestine program of warrantless wiretaps .
But in a brief filed yesterday , the two civil liberties groups urged a federal court to strike down the retroactive immunity provision of that law , which they argue violates the Constitution .
The arguments offered up in the EFF / ACLU brief largely mirror those reported by Ars last month in our preview of the looming constitutional fight .
The groups also submitted to the courts two full boxes of evidence designed to show that , contrary to administration claims , the surveillance engaged in by the NSA was not narrowly targeted at suspected terrorists , but swept up the communications of millions of innocent Americans .
Those claims are outlined in a 60 - page " Summary of Voluminous Evidence " also provided to the court .
EFF attorney Cindy Cohn told Ars that their overview draws on public information to establish the " open secret of widespread warrantless surveillance of ordinary Americans — discussed in news reports , Congressional testimony , whistleblower evidence and administration admissions "
Five for fighting
The arguments against immunity fall into five main categories .
First , the plaintiffs charge that Congress has illegitimately sought to block judicial redress of a Fourth Amendment claim — in essence , preventing the court from considering whether a constitutional right has been violated .
This may sound odd insofar as the suit presents a claim against private actors — the telecoms — rather than the government .
But EFF attorney Kevin Bankston explains that courts have in the past recognized valid constitutional claims against private entities acting essentially as agents or arms of the government , as he alleges the telecoms did via their participation in the NSA program .
EFF is also suing the government directly , but Bankston argues that the government cannot just foreclose one avenue for seeking remedy of an alleged constitutional violation .
Second , as Ars reported previously , the brief argues that immunity violates the separation of powers established in Article I , Section 7 of the Constitution , by delegating to the executive branch excessive discretion to determine when and how the law will apply .
The argument filed Thursday adds a novel analogy to the line item veto , which the Supreme Court has found to be unconstitutional .
Congress , according to this argument , has the right and responsibility to make law , and while the Constitution gives the president the power to sign or veto legislation , it does not allow him ( or , a fortiori , his subordinates ) to tweak it according to his own policy preferences — even if Congress would like to give him that authority .
The retroactive immunity provision of the FISA amendments , says Bankston , gives the Attorney General " unfettered discretion " to selectively void a preexisting privacy statute , without any providing any " intelligible principle " binding his exercise of that authority .
Third , the attorneys argue that immunity violates their clients ' due process rights by allowing the Attorney General , rather than an impartial magistrate , to effectively decide the outcome of pending litigation .
The plaintiffs vested claim against the telecoms , they say , is a kind of property right that cannot be abrogated by the executive , or even by Congress , but only disposed of by a judge .
The fourth argument is a more narrow objection to the secrecy clause of the immunity provision , which direct the court to consider evidence provided by the attorney general , establishing the telecoms ' eligibility for amnesty , in secret .
This , the groups argue , conflicts with their clients '
First Amendment interest in access to documents in a civil proceeding , and impinges on the court 's prerogative to determine the disposition of its own records .
Of course , the judge could potentially agree with this claim without invalidating the broader immunity provision , or indeed , seeing any need to release any of the secret evidence submitted by the government .
Finally — and perhaps most interestingly — the brief argues that even if the immunity provision is constitutional , it does not apply to the NSA surveillance program , or to the telecoms that participated in it .
The argument here rests on language in the FISA Amendments
Act providing immunity only if the attorney general certifies that a telecom rendered cooperation in surveillance " designed to detect or prevent a terrorist attack , or activities in preparation for a terrorist attack , against the United States , " and empowering the court to review any such certification for " abuse of discretion . "
This is where that " Summary of Voluminous Evidence " comes in .
The EFF and ACLU contend that the government was not engaging in surveillance narrowly " designed " to prevent a terrorist attack , but rather sweeping up Americans ' communications in bulk .
Here , Bankston stresses , what matters is not what the government told the telecoms about the NSA program , or even whether the government sincerely intended or believed it to be sufficiently narrowly tailored to prevent terrorism , but whether it was , objectively , so tailored .
In light of the documentation suggesting that the program was far broader in scope than the Bush administration has claimed , the argument runs , the burden is on the government to provide substantial evidence — not merely an assertion — that the program was sufficiently narrow in scope to satisfy the requirements of the immunity language .
OK computer ?
Here we bump up against a question
Ars has previously considered at some length : Can computers eavesdrop ?
Because Attorney General Michael Mukasey has denied the allegation that NSA conducted sweeping " dragnet " surveillance , but he has done so in a conspicuously careful and selective way .
Mukasey 's public filing with the court asserts that there was no broad " collection " of the " contents " of communication " for the purpose of analyzing those communications through key word searches . "
But the EFF / ACLU brief argues that " the failure of the Attorney General to define the phrase ' collection of content ' indicates that he may be subsuming within his certification a dangerous new interpretation of the Constitution and the surveillance statutes : that , even where the government uses surveillance devices to acquire the communications of millions of individuals as part of a suspicion - less dragnet , there is no government search or seizure of communications content ... unless and until those contents are processed by the government ’s computers , or made available for use by a human analyst . "
In the past , going at least as far back as the controversy over the FBI 's " Carnivore " surveillance software , the government has argued that the " collection " or " acquisition " of a communication does not occur until it is recorded in some human - readable format .
On this theory — which EFF and the ACLU vehemently reject — computer filtering of large quantities of data does not yet constitute " collection " ; only the data actually flagged by the computer for later analysis is actually " collected " or " intercepted . "
The denial of collection " for the purpose of ... key word searches " is also rather specific .
It does not appear to rule out , for instance , filtering communications for particular voiceprint matches , or the use of a particular language , or a specific regional accent .
And since " content " in surveillance law has traditionally been defined as information concerning the " meaning or purport " of a communication , it is not yet clear whether a filtering process keyed to those features would be considered analysis of " content , " or only of information about the communication , akin to a phone number or e-mail header .
To Bankston 's chagrin , however , the government has not made that argument explicitly in this instance .
" We wish they would make it , " he says .
" Verizon made it in one of their responses , but the government has n't .
I hope the legal issues implicit in the Attorney General 's weirdly cabined reply become explicit , because those issues are at the heart of this case . "
In defense of immunity
The government has until early November to submit their reply to the EFF / ACLU arguments .
But Robert Alt , a legal scholar at the conservative Heritage Foundation , told Ars he saw serious flaws in the civil liberties groups ' core contentions .
Most of their arguments , says Alt , " seem to arise from their frustration at trying to get at the government through the telecoms .
They 're trying as hard as they can to cram claims they 'd like to make against the government against the telecoms . "
One of these , he avers , is their Fourth Amendment claim , which is properly targeted at the NSA , rather than the telecoms that may have provided the spy agency access to their networks .
And he argues that even where constitutional rights are at issue , Congress is free to establish rules limiting whether and under what circumstances particular parties have a cause of action without entirely eviscerating the general right to seek remedy .
Neither is
Alt much impressed with the separation of powers argument .
" This is an ordinary delegation of an administrative determination , " he says .
" Since the 1930s , the courts have recognized the right of congress to delegate decisions of this sort to executive agencies . "
Invoking the recent Wall Street bailout ,
Alt argues that the discretion afforded the attorney general under the FISA Amendments
Act is , if anything , far more constrained than the broad leeway to dispose of hundreds of billions of dollars that Congress recently granted Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson .
On due process , Alt cites Dames & Moore v. Reagan and United States v. Pink , in which the Supreme Court permitted the executive branch to block American citizens ' civil litigation against the governments of Iran and the Soviet Union , respectively .
Both cases turned in significant part on the president 's supremacy in question of foreign affairs under the Constitution .
But as far as the due process question is concerned , argues Alt , those precedents still cut against the idea of any absolute right to have a pending lawsuit settled by a judge without executive interference .
As for the " design " of the NSA surveillance program , Alt invoked Lyndon Johnson 's characterization of the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution : " It 's like grandma 's nightgown ; it covers everything that needs to be covered . "
Here too , he suggests , the intent of Congress was plainly to block civil action against the telecoms .
If the government 's surveillance procedures were poorly designed , he contends , that 's an issue to raise in a suit against the government .
EFF 's Bankston , who is keeping his powder dry for the upcoming showdown with the government , declined to respond to potential counterarguments in any detail .
But he emphasized his confidence that " the court will agree it's an unconstitutional violation of separation of powers to try to dictate to a judge how to decide our case . "
Those who are using pirated versions of Windows — particularly those in China — are getting riled up over Microsoft 's latest tactic to " encourage " them to purchase legit copies .
The software giant recently began issuing an update that changes users ' desktop backgrounds to a black wallpaper with a reminder to switch to a legal copy of Windows as part of the Windows Office Genuine Advantage program .
Now , Chinese users in particular are getting up in arms over the tactic , saying that Microsoft is violating their rights and is n't thinking of its users .
The software update to Windows XP does not render computers running illegal copies of Windows inoperable — in fact , users can continue to use their computers almost just as they would before the update .
All it does is change the desktop background every 60 minutes to a black one with the reminder to go legit .
Users can change the desktop to something else anytime they want , but it will revert back to the black one when the next 60 minutes is up .
It 's worth pointing out that the update was n't just issued in China — it was released to XP users across the globe who have opted to allow Internet updates from Microsoft .
However , Microsoft says that there has been little outcry in other parts of the world , with Chinese users apparently alone in their angst .
And angsty they are .
" Why is Microsoft automatically connected with my computer ?
The computer is mine ! " one commenter wrote on Sina.com , as quoted by Reuters .
" If , when I 'm programming , the computer screen goes black , that will probably cause some important information to be lost , " another commenter wrote .
" Who will pay me for my loss then ? "
Ignoring the fact that Microsoft 's update does n't , in fact , cause any data to be lost , it 's clear that the update has gotten the attention of PC users in China , a country that is still a hotbed of software piracy enabled by lax enforcement .
And , although some accused the company of not thinking of its users , Microsoft has at least tried to cater to the Chinese market by lowering the price of its software .
For example , Microsoft has reduced the price of Office ( home and student editions ) from $ 102 to $ 30 within China .
And , in 2007 , Microsoft decided to slash prices significantly on versions of Windows Vista sold within China .
Still , upsetting what could potentially be Microsoft 's largest software market could turn out to be a bad move .
Sure , the blackout is a mere annoyance , but it's one of the more intrusive " annoyances " that Microsoft has implemented to date .
China may decide it 's fed up with Microsoft 's antics and either try and build its own software solution or make a serious investment in other , open source options , practical or not .
After all , China has already shown that it 's willing to throw money at projects designed to compete directly with Western alternatives , as exemplified by its One True DVD project .
If and when that happens , it could add to Microsoft 's troubles in monetizing a huge market with a proven appetite for its software .
Microsoft , of course , has already begun to do damage control on Chinese users ' reactions to the blackouts .
" We are extremely grateful for our users ' attention .
At the same time , we believe there are numerous misunderstandings about the Windows Office Genuine Advantage program , " Microsoft wrote in an open letter to its Chinese users , published on Sina.com ( rough Google Translated version here ) .
The company clarified in its letter that the black background wo n't affect the computer 's functionality , and that the program to automatically update via the Internet is entirely voluntary .
The Worldwatch Institute reports that a growing number of US city - dwellers are raising their own chickens , often in defiance of local ordinances .
Citing unsanctioned henhouses in Denver , Boston , and other cities , Worldwatch 's Ben Block notes that an " underground ' urban chicken ' movement has swept across the United States in recent years , " flouting authorities ' concerns about noise , odors , and public health .
But in some cities , such as Ann Arbor , Mich. , Ft. Collins , Colo. , South Portland , Maine , and Madison , Wisc. , owners of these clandestine coops have successfully changed the laws to allow them to keep a limited number of hens .
( Roosters , whose characteristic crowing can disturb neighbors , are usually more restricted , but they 're not needed for hens to lay unfertilized eggs . )
Many large US cities , including New York , San Francisco , Los Angeles , Houston , Chicago , and Seattle apparently never thought to ban the domesticated fowl within city limits .
These cities have served as an incubator of sorts for the emerging movement , in which urban henkeepers post online tips on building coops , caring for the birds , and fending off raccoons and other predators .
Laws vary from city to city .
The City Chicken , a popular urban chicken website , maintains a list of local laws , but it is far from comprehensive .
Municode.com also keeps a list of ordinances for selected cities .
In many cities , would - be chicken owners need to obtain a permit from local health or animal - welfare authorities .
The benefits of keeping hens are myriad , say proponents .
According to the website BackyardChickens , considered authoritative in the online urban - chicken - enthusiast pecking order , three hens will net you , on average , two eggs a day .
And the eggs are said to be tastier and more nutritious than the ones you can get at a supermarket .
Hens also perform some gardening work by eating weeds and pests and depositing a high - quality fertilizer .
Many also claim that the birds make great pets , but this is debatable .
Urban chicken buffs also claim that , once you 're all set up , the birds are relatively low - maintenance .
The UK - based company Omlet sells popular ready - made coops starting at about $ 500 .
Their " Eglu , " which looks like a late - 90s Macintosh computer , comes with a chicken run and a feeder .
Chickens can be purchased separately from the company for $ 15 each .
Some , but not many , urban henkeepers opt to raise their chickens indoors .
The birds cannot be toilet trained , but at least one company sells chicken diapers .
The blog Urban Chickens gives a rundown of the regular maintenence required to keep your chickens well - fed , comfortable , and odor - free .
The blogger says his routine goes like this :
• Every day : fill the food bowl , change the water , check for eggs , add wood chips to the nesting box if needed .
( takes 5 minutes )
• Twice weekly : empty the droppings out of the Eglu , very easy to do by design , thanks Omlet !
( takes two minutes )
• Weekly : clean the Eglu by rinsing and scrubbing the interior parts ( 20 minutes )
• Semi-monthly : purchase 50 - lb. bag of Layena Crumbles at the feed store ( cost is $ 12 and is worked in with other errands )
A hen 's productivity will drop off after two or three years .
After that , the hens will continue to produce high - quality eggs , but at a slower rate .
Those who wish to eat their chickens ( that is , people who dispute the assertion that they make great pets ) should know that in many cities different laws apply for chickens raised for eggs and those raised for slaughter .
For those too squeamish to do the deed themselves , some communities have mobile slaughterhouses that will come to your home and do it for you .
The rising popularity of urban chickens has many city officials brooding over public health concerns , particularly avian flu ( of which there have been no reported cases in the United States ) .
According to Worldwatch , officials have threatened to restrict poultry in cities in East Asia , Australia , and British Columbia .
Worldwatch also cites an expert who advises owners to keep their coops covered to protect their chickens from wild bird dropppings , which are said to transmit the disease .
But others argue that chickens are no more likely to carry the disease than , say , pigeons , which are already common in cities .
What 's more , as Worldwatch points out , the Pew Commission on Industrial Farm Animal Production found that factory - farmed poultry poses a greater risk for the disease than backyard chickens .
In many cities , the policies regarding domestic fowl are by no means settled .
In September , the Boston Globe reported on a Lynn , Mass. , man 's battle wth " loosey goosey " laws over his chicken coop .
And this YouTube video , posted in July , has several Chicago officials on tape falsely telling an aspiring chicken owner that the birds are prohibited within the city .
This kind of ambiguity could mean more and more henkeepers unwittingly finding themselves on the wrong side of the law .
As the urban chicken movement spreads , local authorities will have to set clearer policies to help those chicken owners get to the other side .
The peacekeeping force in DR Congo is the UN 's largest The United Nations Security Council has voted to send 3,000 more troops to the Democratic Republic of Congo following renewed fighting in the country 's east .
The increase means the peacekeeping mission , Monuc , will have about 20,000 troops and police on the ground - the biggest UN force of its kind .
But correspondents say diplomats admit they do not know where the troops will come from , or when they will be sent .
The move coincided with a charity appeal to help victims of the fighting .
Clashes between the army and rebels led by Gen Laurent Nkunda have created a humanitarian crisis in recent weeks , with an estimated 250,000 people forced to flee their homes .
See detailed map of the area
The rebels withdrew from positions north of the city of Goma on Wednesday to allow aid into the area .
The move came after weekend talks with the UN envoy , Olusegun Obasanjo .
Aid appeal
The BBC's Laura Trevelyan at the UN says the Security Council , which first received the request for reinforcements six weeks ago , voted unanimously to send 2,785 more troops and 300 police officers .
Children are being separated and orphaned by this intense conflict .
Thousands of people are vulnerable to rape , malnutrition , abduction and disease
Charles Badenoch
World Vision
Rebels rewrite Congo 's history
Our correspondent says Monuc has been criticised for not doing enough to protect people from Tutsi rebels while the army retreated .
Gen Nkunda has said he is fighting to protect his Tutsi community from attack by Rwandan Hutu rebels , some of whom are accused of taking part in the 1994 genocide .
The Security Council voted for the peacekeepers to implement their mandate " in full " , through robust rules of engagement .
Our correspondent says this is supposed to make clear to commanders on the ground that they can use all means necessary to protect the local population .
Earlier , British and international aid agencies launched an appeal for more money to help victims of the conflict .
Charles Badenoch , of World Vision , part of the Disasters Emergency Committee umbrella group , said : " Children are being separated and orphaned by this intense conflict .
Thousands of people are vulnerable to rape , malnutrition , abduction and disease . "
" We urgently need your help to bring them relief , stability and hope . "
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Shannen Doherty Clears Up Old 90210 Gossip
90210 staris on the cover US Weekly magazine .
The actress shared some of her experiences from the early days of Beverly Hills 90210 compared to the new 90210 .
Shannen has received a hefty load of bad press over the last 18 years and is finally ready to give her side of the story .
First things first - she wanted the readers to know that 90 % of the media hype was untrue .
Doherty was not new to the acting scene when she played Brenda on Beverly Hills 90210 from 1990 - 1994 and grew up with strong parents who kept her centered .
Rumors swirled about the never ending fights on the hit show , making Shannen out to be the trouble maker on the set and always pitted against Tori Spelling and Jennie Garth .
When asked about the supposed fist fight with Jennie , Shannen said this :
" We never did .
I think I would remember Jennie 's fist connecting with a part of my body or a part of my face .
It goes to show how people will lie .
I 'm not quite sure what Tori 's memories are .
They 're incredibly different from the two girls who were supposedly once having this fist fight . "
As for why Tori is not returning to the new show , Shannen has no idea and said she has not spoken to her .
In Tori 's book , she called Doherty " arrogant " and a " bad influence . "
" I thought it was funny , I did n't read it , nor would I .
My friends called me and said , ' Oh , she said this and this . '
Tori and I were friends , but along the way people grow in different directions .
I did my thing she did her thing , and that was pretty much it . "
Do n't expect a tell - all coming out anytime soon although she has been approached to do a book .
She said she looks at that as something you would do when you are 80 and when you do n't have any more chapters in your life .
Regarding the new 90210 show , Shannen was thrilled to see Jennie on the set , clearly knowing that the pressure is n't really on the alumni actresses but rather on the the new hip and young cast who she believes are " in for a ride . "
Shannen lives a normal life playing with her dogs and riding her horses and claims to be a homebody , with dreams of moving back to the south at some point .
Doherty finds it hard to have a love life and is looking for normalcy .
As far as her friends go , she said that she does n't have any " Hollywood " friends and relates to normal people .
To read the full interview go out and grab yourself the latest US Weekly .
See a new cast photo below .
Photo : WENN
Cocktails for the grownups and firearms safety tips for the young - uns .
Welcome to to the NRA 's election results party in Sarah Palin 's hometown ,
It 's being hosted in Wasilla , Alaska , the heretofore little - known town that is now basking in the sunlight that its favorite daughter has brought to it .
The NRA shindig -- in addition to the booze and gun-safety classes -- will feature a rock band called Sarah and the Pitt Bulls .
Still , according to Politico , Palin 's time in the national spotlight has left her less popular among Alaskans than she was before .
Nonetheless , Alaskan kids voted in favor of Sen. John McCain , according to Palin 's local paper .
The Republican ticket routed the Democrats in a mock vote of first - through fifth - graders , winning with 79 % of the popular vote .
“ She did a damn good job up here , " one Wasillan told Politico , noting that he felt that the vice presidential candidate had been treated unfairly by the mainstream media .
Men who have the tattoo will save the brothel 's e_SPpn £ 4 ( €5 ) entry fee for life and get discounts on other services like lap dances , but will still have to pay for their time with the prostitutes who are self - employed and independent from the brothel .
Posted on October 1 , 2008 in Uncategorized
With Barack Obama pulling ahead in key battle ground states , the question becomes what has been sinking the McCain campaign .
The answer , from recent polling , is clear — Sarah Palin has become incredibly unpopular :
In Florida — Palin gets a negative 36 – 39 percent favorability , down from 47 – 23 percent September 11 .
In Ohio — Palin ’s favorability is split 35 – 35 percent , compared to 41 – 22 percent last time .
In Pennsylvania — Palin ’s favorability is a negative 34 – 37 percent , down from 39 – 26 percent .
Nationally , Palin also has the lowest favorable ratings on the Presidential tickets , with a 52 % unfavorable rating [ via Daily Kos daily poll tracker ]
Sources for state data : Obama Over 50 Percent In Florida , Ohio , Pennsylvania Quinnipiac University Swing State Poll Finds ; Debate , Palin ’s Fade , Economy Put Democrat On Top .
Enjoy what you read ?
Subscribe to Prose Before
Hos via email or via RSS feed .
See Also : On The Other Hand , New Polls Cite Palin As Reason For McCain Drop , Palin Is Destroying McCain , Sarah Palin–The Damage Done ,
The all - knowing Sarah Palin ,
She reads all of them , McCain : I ’ve Turned to Palin Many Times for Advice , Bailout fails ; GOP abandons Bush and McCain , Republican Leaders Who Truly Put Country First Must Reject McCain - Palin , and The Early Line 09/30 .
[ tags ] sarah palin , sara palin , sarah palen , sara palen , john mccain campaign , approval ratings , september 30 , 9/30 , october 1 , octobor 1 , 10/1 , october 2008 , september 2008 , favorable ratings , polls , implosion , favorability ratings , governor palen , disapproval ratings , unfavorable polls [ / tags ]
Part3 : Look at What You Do n’t See Through Glass
You can even see flowers that are not actually blooming .
There are a lot more ideas drawn in my Moleskine , so I ’ll introduce them later .
Also visit other posts of this gadget .
Raw video : Outside presidential debate , Hofstra University , Long Island , New York : October 15/08.*******
******* TEXT FROM SOURCE : Video shows former Army Sergeant Nick Morgan as his head is crushed to the sidewalk under the hooves of a police horse .
Morgan lost consciousness immediately as bones shattered in his face .
Visibly bleeding , he was tugged , dragged , arrested , and thrown in a police van , where other arrested veterans say he was denied medical attention .
When he eventually made it to Nassau County Hospital , he was handcuffed to a gurney and given a prescription for Motrin and antibiotics .
Ironically , Morgan and other members of Iraq Veterans Against the War had come to the October debates with the intention of asking candidates pointed questions about lack of care for veterans .
For more information please see www.iwitness.info and for video stills , please see www.flickr.com/multiplefronts
TEXT FROM SOURCE .
Mary Delgado : Former NFL Buccaneers Cheerleader Jailed Again ( Mugshot )
, 41 , is a former Tampa Bay Buccaneers cheerleader and reality show winner who was arrested in a bar on Sunday , November 16 .
She was charged with refusing to leave , disorderly conduct , public intoxication and resisting arrest .
Delgado was booked at Val Verde County Sheriff 's office and released an hour later .
While appearing on The Bachelor , Delgado received a proposal from professional bass fisherman Byron Velvick .
All went well for the couple until Mary got drunk one night and punched her intended in the mouth .
She was hauled off to jail in November 2007 and charged with assault .
The couple appeared on The Bachelor reunion show after that incident and reported that they were still together .
No word on whether this latest incident will cause her fiance ' to reevaluate the whole marriage thing .
At the very least , she may want to scale back her drinking escapades .
We 're just saying .....
Photo gallery below .
Posted on October 17 , 2008 in Images
See Also :
What benefits do the taxpayers get out of the bailout bill ? ,
No investigation of those who caused fake ‘ crisis ’ , 7 Out Of 9 Banks Agree : Bailout Is A Failout , AIG Execs Caught Wasting Even More Of Our Money After Bailout , JPMorgan Responsible for the Destruction of U.S. Financial System , Bailout my ass ! , Even After the Bailout , Bank Stocks are a Bad Deal for Investors Right Now , A Chicken Bailout in Every Pot , Hank Paulson ’s Desperate Measures to Save His Friends on Wall Street , Spread The Wealth , and Help voters understand what just happened .
[ tags ] federal bailout , 700 billion , financial collapse , financial industry , banks , banking industry , corruption , goldman sachs , barack obama , wall street , executives , john mccain , republicans and democrats , single party , capitalism , the washington consensus , bailout the rich [ / tags ]
Plumbing must be the most popular profession in the United States today after no less than two dozen references last night to John McCain 's new BFF , " Joe the Plumber . "
NBC 's Milwaukee affiliate , TMJ4 , caught up with another plumber who has what I believe a more realistic view on the election .
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , the average income for a plumber is around $ 43,000 .
There 's no question that any plumber making that much money ( or 5 x that amount ) is better off under Barack Obama 's tax plan .
Furthermore , middle class folks are more likely to add that extra bathroom or redo their kitchen when they finally get some relief .
In the case of " Joe the Plumber " , as the Senator articulated last night , he will get tax credits for the new jobs he creates .
Also , and this is something I fault Obama for failing to mention , his health care plan will help to dramatically reduce costs for employers whereas McCain 's " plan " will levy an additional tax .
In other words , taxes can't simply be viewed through the prism of income taxes .
There are other areas where Barack will cut taxes that will , in the end , be a net gain for someone in " Joe 's " position .
Many of the people who make the video games you play do n't like having a plot at all , much less a good one .
It constrains their designs and forces them to sacrifice player freedom for something that the player should be doing themselves .
US PRESIDENT Total Number of Precincts 438 Precincts Reporting 438 100.0 % Times Counted 325054/495731 65.6 % Total Votes 323820 Baldwin and Castle AI 1652 0.51 % Barr and Root LIB 1575 0.49 % McCain and Palin REP 192631 59.49 % Nader and Gonzalez IND 3757 1.16 % Obama and Biden DEM 122485 37.83 % Write - in Votes 1720 0.53 %
Obama did not win in Alaska .
Polls had him on an average of about 11 points behind in the weeks before the election .
Alas , the numbers reflected in the polls turned out to be worse for Obama in the general election .
At one point it looked like McCain - Palin took a whopping 65 % of the vote .
With all the excitement of the Senatorial race , all anyone could think about was Begich vs. Stevens .
First Stevens up , and Begich down .
Then separated by 3 votes .
Then Begich up and Stevens down .
Begich more up .
Uh-oh , Stevens gaining .
Begich up again .
It was dizzying , and everyone ’s laser - sharp focus was trained on those returns .
But there ’s one small victory that has n’t been talked about much .
After the whopping 90,000 votes that were counted in Alaska after election day , there was a shift in the presidential race .
After the final tally , McCain - Palin won by 59.49 % .
LESS than 60 % .
And we can even round down to 59 % !
I ’ll take it .
2008 McCain / Palin 59 % Obama / Biden 38 %
2004 Bush 61 – Kerry 35
2000 Bush 59 – Gore 28
Obama won the hearts of more Alaska voters than any Democrat in recent memory .
And McCain - Palin , despite their surface appeal , with the Alaska Governor on the ticket , frankly , did n’t do all that well comparatively .
I ’m looking forward to 2012 .
I think we ’re headed in the right direction .
The Explorer
The Adventures of a Pythonista in Schemeland/11
by Michele Simionato
November 11 , 2008
Summary
In this episode I will discuss the multiple evaluation issue , then I will show how macros can improve performance .
Finally , I will give a practical example of how macros can be used to define a unit test framework .
Advertisement
The problem of multiple evaluation
In episode # 10 I gave an example of a macro implementing a C - like for loop and I said that it was suffering from the problem of multiple evaluation .
Here I explain what the problem is and how to cure it .
In order to understand the issue , you must always remember that macros expand code at compile time , but they not evaluate it : this means that pattern variables do not correspond to evaluated expression , as ordinary variables , but they correspond to expressions to be evaluated later , at runtime .
As a consequence , it is easy to write macros that evaluate expressions more times than needed .
For instance , consider the following simplified version of a C - like for loop , with a runtime type check : ( def- syntax ( for i start end body ... ) #'( begin ( assert ( and ( number ? start ) ( number ? end ) ) ) ; type - check ( let loop ( ( i start ) ) ( unless ( >= i end ) body ... ( loop (+ i 1 ) ) ) ) ) )
Suppose the variable end to be determined dynamically with a computation : > ( define ( get-end ) ( printf " computing the value of end
" ) 3 ) Then our naive macro suffers from the multiple evaluation problem : > ( for i 0 ( get- end ) ' do - nothing ) computing the value of end computing the value of end computing the value of end computing the value of end computing the value of end As you see , in this example end is recomputed 5 times !
The reason is clear if you look at the expansion of the macro : > ( syntax - expand ( for i 0 ( get- end ) ' do - nothing ) ) ( begin ( assert ( and ( number ?
0 ) ( number ? ( get-end ) ) ) ) ( let loop ( ( i 0 ) ) ( unless ( >= i ( get-end ) ) ' do - nothing ( loop (+ i 1 ) ) ) ) )
The get - end function is called once in the assertion and four times in the loop ; that is inefficient and can have very dramatic effects if the function has side effects .
The solution is to save the value of end ( and we could do the same for the value of start , which is computed twice ) in a variable : ( def- syntax ( for i start end body ... ) #'( let ( (s start ) ( e end ) ) ( assert ( and ( number ? s ) ( number ? e ) ) ) ( let loop ( ( i s ) ) ( unless ( >= i e ) body ... ( loop (+ i 1 ) ) ) ) ) )
Now get - end is called only once and we are all happy :-)
As an exercise , you could extend for to accept a generic step .
You can find the solution in the Italian original version of this article , which is quite different and uses syntax - rules .
Taking advantage of multiple evaluation Sometimes we can make good use of the multiple evaluation " feature " .
For instance , let me consided again the higher order function call I introduced in episode # 5 , when discussing benchmark .
That function has an issue : it is called at each iteration in the inner loop and therefore it wastes time .
However , it is possible to replace the higher order function with a macro , therefore avoiding the cost of a function call .
Here is the code for a repeat macro doing the job of call : ( library ( repeat - macro ) ( export repeat ) ( import ( rnrs ) ( sweet - macros ) ) ( def- syntax ( repeat n body body * ... )
#'( let loop ( ( i 0 ) ) ( when (< i n ) body body * ... ( loop (+ 1 i ) ) ) ) ) ) repeat expands into a loop and therefore the body is evaluated n times , which is exactly what we need for a benchmark .
To check that the macro is effectively more efficient , I did measure the time spent in summing 1+1 ten million of times : ( import ( rnrs ) ( repeat - macro ) ( repeat ) ( only ( ikarus ) time ) ) ( define n ( string - > number ( car ( reverse ( command - line ) ) ) ) ) ( time ( call 10000000 + 1 n ) ) ( time ( repeat 10000000 (+ 1 n ) ) )
I took the number n from the command line arguments in order to fool the compiler : if I hard coded (+ 1 1 ) , the compiler would replace it with 2 at compilation time , therefore not performing the computation !
( In the original version of this episode I made that mistake , thanks to Aziz Ghuloum for pointing it out ) .
The output of the script is the following : $ scheme - script repeat - benchmark.ss 1 running stats for ( call 10000000 + 1 n ) : no collections 396 ms elapsed cpu time , including 0 ms collecting 394 ms elapsed real time , including 0 ms collecting 32 bytes allocated running stats for ( repeat 10000000 (+ 1 n ) ) : no collections 40 ms elapsed cpu time , including 0 ms collecting 40 ms elapsed real time , including 0 ms collecting 0 bytes allocated
As you see , avoiding the function call makes a lot of difference ( the benchmark is 10 times faster ! ) since the great majority of the time is wasted in calling the benchmarking function and not in the real addition .
Here the improvement is spectacular since summing two integers is a very fast operation : replacing call with repeat in the benchmark factorial does not make a big difference instead .
A micro-framework for unit tests
It is time to give a more practical example of Scheme macros .
In this paragraph , I will define a very simple unit test framework called easy - test .
Clearly , there are already unit test frameworks available for Scheme , including two SRFIs ( 64 and 78 ) ; my interests here is not in the testing framework , it is in the implementation , which makes a pedagogical exercise in macrology .
The source code takes just a page : ( library ( easy - test ) ( export test run-tests runner run print - nothing print - dot print - msg ) ( import ( rnrs ) ( only ( ikarus ) printf ) ( sweet - macros ) ) ;; test macro ( def-syntax ( test description expr expected ) #'( lambda ( cmd ) ( case cmd ( ( descr ) description ) ( ( values ) ' ( expr expected ) ) ( ( run ) ( equal ? expr expected ) ) ( else ( error ' test " Invalid command " cmd ) ) ) ) ) ;; three helper functions ( define ( print - nothing descr expr expected ) ( display " " ) ) ( define ( print - dot descr expr expected ) ( display " . " ) ) ( define ( print - msg descr expr expected ) ( printf "
' ~a ' failed .
Expected ~a , got ~a
" descr expected expr ) ) ;; full runner ( define ( run-tests print - success print - failure . tests ) ( let loop ( ( tests tests ) ( success 0 ) ( failure 0 ) ) ( if ( null ? tests ) ( list success failure ) ( let* ( ( test1 ( car tests ) ) ( descr ( test1 ' descr ) ) ( vals ( test1 ' values ) ) ) ( if ( test1 ' run ) ( begin ; the test succeeded ( apply print - success descr vals ) ( loop ( cdr tests ) (+ 1 success ) failure ) ) ( begin ; the test failed ( apply print - failure descr vals ) ( loop ( cdr tests ) success (+ 1 failure ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ;; runner factory ( define ( runner print - success print - failure ) ( lambda tests ( apply run-tests print - success print - failure tests ) ) ) ;; default runner ( define run ( runner print - dot print - msg ) ) )
The core of the framework is the test macro , which is a bit different from the macros we have defined until now .
The reason why the test macro is different is that it expands into a lambda - expression and therefore the arguments of the macro are evaluated only when the lambda function is called and not at definition time .
In other words , we are using a pattern of delayed evaluation here .
This is important , since we want to distinguish the definition of a test from its execution .
For instance , let me define a trivial test : > ( import ( easy - test ) ) > ( define test1 ( test " 1+1=2 " (+ 1 1 ) 2 ) )
The first argument of the macro is a string describing the test , which is nice to have in the error message for failed tests ; the second argument of the macro is the expression to check and the third argument is the expected result .
Macro application results in a function which is able to respond to the commands ' descr ( returning the description string ) , ' values ( returning a list with the quoted input expression and the quoted expected output ) and ' run ( returning the result of the test , as a boolean flag ) .
This is implemented via the case expression in the test macro : ( case cmd ( ( descr ) description ) ( ( values ) ' ( expr expected ) ) ( ( run ) ( equal ? expr expected ) ) ( else ( error ' test " Invalid command " cmd ) ) )
Here is how it works in our example : > ( test1 ' descr ) " 1+1=2 " > ( test1 ' values ) ( (+ 1 1 ) 2 ) > ( test1 ' run ) ; the test passed #t
The framework provides three predefined functions print - nothing , print-msg and print - dot to print feedback about how the tests are going ; moreover , it is possible to define custom reporting functions .
A reporting function is simply a function with three arguments ( descr expr expected ) where descr is a string with the description of the test , expr is the expression to be checked and expected is the expected result .
You can specify the reporting functions to use by defining a test runner as in this example : > ( define run-quiet ( runner print - nothing print - msg ) ) > ( run-quiet ( test " 1+1=2 " (+ 1 1 ) 2 ) ( test " 2*1=2 " (* 2 1 ) 2 ) ( test " 2+2=3 " (+ 2 2 ) 3 ) ) ' 2+2=3 ' failed .
Expected 3 , got 4 ( 2 1 ) The runner returns a list with the number of passed tests and failed tests ( in our case ' ( 2 1 ) ) .
It is also possible to use the default runner ( run ) : the framework will use the default reporting functions , i.e. print - dot for successful tests and print - msg for failed tests .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 3 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Michele Simionato adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Michele Simionato started his career as a Theoretical Physicist , working in Italy , France and the U.S.
He turned to programming in 2003 ; since then he has been working professionally as a Python developer and now he lives in Milan , Italy .
Michele is well known in the Python community for his posts in the newsgroup (s ) , his articles and his Open Source libraries and recipes .
His interests include object oriented programming , functional programming , and in general programming metodologies that enable us to manage the complexity of modern software developement .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2008 Michele Simionato .
All rights reserved .
I was n’t sure to file this under green design , or an attempt at sustainable design gone bad .
As we all know , Bamboo is the darling of the sustainable green movement .
It grows fast , requires no pesticides , is very hard and durable , and grows just about everywhere .
With that in mind , bamboo can be found in all kinds of products that are trying to be green – some , like bamboo flooring , bamboo furniture , bamboo cutting boards , etc , make sense .
Some do not .
That said , I present an homage to all things bamboo ( green washed and all ) .
1. The Bamboo Laptop
The Bamboo laptop .
I do n’t even know where to begin , although im not sure if the laptop itself is more or less shocking than the accessories ( the bamboo keyboard and the bamboo mouse ) .
Several manufacturers have released a bamboo cased laptop , with varying degrees of actual substance ( some are little more than veneers ) .
2. Bamboo Mountain Bike
[ via treehugger ]
Now this actually makes sense , but it is really weird to see a bike made out of wood .
I guess it would have been just as silly to have thought of a bike made out of carbon fiber 10 years ago , but do n’t those still have an internal frame of metal ?
Calfee Design seem to be the big pioneers in this field , and from the reviews , they are pretty sweet .
3. Bamboo Sheets
[ via ecoshopper
Now this may seem odd at first , but they are incredibly well suited for this type of material .
They have a real silky feel to them , are pesticide and chemical free ( usually ) and antimicrobial .
[via apartmenttherapy
4. Bamboo Car
I almost ca n’t take this seriously .
To me it looks like a wicker basket on wheels , but indeed , it is a car made from bamboo .
The maker was pretty eco-friendly though and decided to make it an electric car – I guess its only fitting .
5. Bamboo Microscope
[via risingsunofnihon
I ’m not sure if this is because scientists are embracing eco-friendly materials , or funding is getting harder to come by .
Actually its a bit of both , and a novel solution to a real problem .
Usha Menon , a government researcher developed this solution for the schools of India so that children could keep up with modern science .
6. Bamboo Houses
[ via nature
Once thought of as a poor mans building material , bamboo is both earthquake and wind resistant .
Their strength and flexibility allow them to better deal with the stresses of earthquakes and wind pressure .
Only 60 - 70 bamboo trees are required to build 1,000 houses whereas nearly 600 trees would be cut down for the same task .
Sounds like my next house is going to be bamboo , especially if i end up moving back to California .
7. Bamboo LCD TVs / Monitors
[via greenpacks
It looks nice , in a kind of retro modern way .
I ca n’t attest to the sustainability nature of it as it would appear to be a design touch - although it does replace plastic .
If bamboo is your decor , then this may fit right in .
I wonder if you can stain it ?
[via uberreview
Just goes to show that if you can dream it , it can be made out of bamboo .
Not all are eco-friendly or sustainable , but they are unique in their design .
It ’s easy to see how green washing can spread once something is labeled as ‘ green ’ or ‘ sustainable ’ .
Nonetheless , bamboo is a wonderful renewable resource that should be leveraged in more green design .
Stratospheric levels of harmful CFCs will take between 40 and 100 years to dissipate and have only dropped a few per cent since reaching a peak in 2000 , scientists warn
The ozone hole over Antarctica grew to the size of North America this year – the fifth largest on record – according to the latest satellite observations .
US government scientists from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) say this year 's ozone hole reached its maximum level on September 12 , extending to 10.5 m sq miles and four miles deep .
That is bigger than 2007 but smaller than 2006 , when the hole covered over 11.4 m sq miles .
Scientists blamed colder - than - average temperatures in the stratosphere for the ozone hole 's unusually large size this year .
" Weather is the most important factor in the fluctuation of the size of the ozone hole from year to year , " said Bryan Johnson , a scientist at NOAA 's Earth System Research Laboratory in Boulder , which monitors ozone , ozone - depleting chemicals , and greenhouse gases around the globe .
" How cold the stratosphere is and what the winds do determine how powerfully the chemicals can perform their dirty work . "
The main cause of the ozone hole is human - produced compounds called chlorofluorocarbons , or CFCs , which release ozone - destroying chlorine and bromine into the atmosphere .
The Earth 's protective ozone layer acts like a giant parasol , blocking the sun 's ultraviolet - B rays .
Though banned for the past 21 years to reduce their harmful build up , CFCs still take many decades to dissipate from the atmosphere
The 1987 Montreal Protocol and other regulations banning CFCs reversed the build - up of chlorine and bromine , first noticed in the 1980s .
" These chemicals – and signs of their reduction – take several years to rise from the lower atmosphere into the stratosphere and then migrate to the poles , " said NOAA 's Craig Long , a research meteorologist at NOAA 's National Centers for Environmental Prediction .
" The chemicals also typically last 40 to 100 years in the atmosphere .
For these reasons , stratospheric CFC levels have dropped only a few per cent below their peak in the early 2000s . "
" The decline of these harmful substances to their pre–ozone hole levels in the Antarctic stratosphere will take decades , " said NOAA atmospheric chemist Stephen Montzka of the Earth System Research Laboratory .
" We do n't expect a full recovery of Antarctic ozone until the second half of the century . "
Starting in May , as Antarctica moves into a period of 24 - hour - a - day darkness , winds create a vortex of cold , stable air centred near the South Pole that isolates CFCs over the continent .
When spring sunshine returns in August , the sun 's ultraviolet light sets off a series of chemical reactions inside the vortex that consume the ozone .
The colder and more isolated the air inside the vortex , the more destructive the chemistry .
By late December the southern summer is in full swing , the vortex has crumbled , and the ozone has returned – until the process begins anew the following winter .
Paroles.net revient !
Après 3 ans d'absence , le site Paroles .
net est enfin de retour !
Variété française ou internationale , derniers hits du moments ou encore titres de légende , Paroles.
net couvre un vaste catalogue de paroles de chansons .
Nous mettons également en avant les paroles des dernières nouveautés musicales en France ou à l'étranger et qui deviendront peut - être les tubes de demain .
Nos accords avec les éditeurs et les ayants droits font de Paroles .
net un site 100 % légal .
Retrouvez encore plus de paroles internationales sur notre site de paroles chansons Paroles2 Chansons .
Rudy Ray Moore was Dolemite 1927-2008 RIP
Rudy Ray Moore 1927-2008 RIP
, comedian , singer , actor and film producer died of complications from diabetes in Toledo , Ohio on October 19 , 2008 .
In 1975 he took on the character Dolemite , the ' uniquely articulate pimp ' in a film by the same name and followed up with a sequel film The Human Tornado .
A popular tag line was ' rappin and tappin is my game ' .
Moore , known as the ' king of the party records ' , released several in the 1960's and 1970's .
His style was explicit and he was considered a notch beyond contemporaries Richard Prior and Redd Fox in his outrageous dialogue .
Moore got his start as an R & B singer .
In 2008 he reprised the character Petey Wheatstraw for the song I Live For the Funk , featuring Blowfly and Daniel Jordan .
In the movie , Rudy Ray played the title character , who made a deal with the Devil to marry the ugliest girl on earth - the Devil 's daughter .
The collaboration marked the 30 year anniversary of the film .
Check out our photo gallery below .
Originally Posted by number6 Originally Posted by
My concern is not about the immediate future , but a hundred years from now .
If Jannard is not here at that time , who 's gonna build my " new idea " camera then ?!
That 's what keeps ME up at night .
Those of us on Barack Obama mailing lists have wondered why the masters of fundraising have n’t stopped pushing for more donations .
After all , Obama won … last week .
Recounts wo n’t affect the substantial victory ; this is n’t 2000 .
Yet we keep getting e-mails , supposedly from people like Michelle Obama , Joe Biden , and especially David Plouffe , telling us that Obama and the DNC desperately need more of our money — and Andrew Malcolm does the math .
He reprints the missive from Plouffe :
Here ’s what he said : “ We ’ll get to work transforming this country .
But first , we need to take care of the DNC . ”
Did we hear that right ?
Now that Obama ’s the president - elect , the top priority is the Democratic National Committee ?
To drive home the point elsewhere in the same e-mail Plouffe adds : “ Before we do anything else , we need to pay for this winning strategy . ”
Do n’t worry , you still get the Victory T - shirt for this $ 30 .
But it sounds like pretty much everything else is on hold .
This change stuff is looking to be an expensive process , even before it gets started .
The DNC raised $ 100 million dollars on top of the $ 600 + million raised by Obama .
The latter was a record - breaking number , and the DNC ’s was n’t too bad , either .
Instead of simply spending what they raised , though , Howard Dean took out massive loans that left the Democrats in the red by $ 15 million .
In government , we call that deficit spending , something Democrats decried during the 2006 elections .
And who gets to pay for all the overspending and fiscal mismanagement ?
The contributors who already coughed up record amounts of money for Hope and Change , that ’s who .
And the new administration will hold the Hope and Change hostage until it gets all of the loose change possible first , Plouffe tells us .
In a way , this is truth in advertising .
The Democrats have given us a clear example of how they will govern for at least the next two years .
In fact , we may all wind up wearing shirts that say , “ The government took all of my wealth , and all they shared was this lousy T - shirt . ”
What impact will Governor Palin have on the election ?
This Is What Denial Does
The economic crisis is petty by comparison to the nature crunch .
But they have the same cause .
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian 14th October 2008
This is nothing .
Well , nothing by comparison to what ’s coming .
The financial crisis for which we must now pay so heavily prefigures the real collapse , when humanity bumps against its ecological limits .
As we goggle at the fluttering financial figures , a different set of numbers passes us by .
On Friday , Pavan Sukhdev , the Deutsche Bank economist leading a European study on ecosystems , reported that we are losing natural capital worth between $ 2 trillion and $ 5 trillion every year , as a result of deforestation alone ( 1 ) .
The losses incurred so far by the financial sector amount to between $ 1 trillion and $ 1.5 trillion .
Sukhdev arrived at his figure by estimating the value of the services – such as locking up carbon and providing freshwater – that forests perform , and calculating the cost of either replacing them or living without them .
The credit crunch is petty when compared to the nature crunch .
The two crises have the same cause .
In both cases , those who exploit the resource have demanded impossible rates of return and invoked debts that can never be repaid .
In both cases we denied the likely consequences .
I used to believe that collective denial was peculiar to climate change .
Now I know that it ’s the first response to every impending dislocation .
Gordon Brown , for example , was as much in denial about financial realities as any toxic debt trader .
In June last year , during his Mansion House speech , he boasted that 40 per cent of the world ’s foreign equities are now traded here .
“ I congratulate you Lord Mayor and the City of London on these remarkable achievements , an era that history will record as the beginning of a new golden age for the City of London .
” (2) The financial sector ’s success had come about , he said , partly because the government had taken “ a risk - based regulatory approach ” .
In the same hall three years before , he pledged that “ in budget after budget I want us to do even more to encourage the risk takers ” ( 3 ) .
Can anyone , surveying this mess , now doubt the value of the precautionary principle ?
Ecology and economy are both derived from the Greek word oikos – a house or dwelling .
Our survival depends upon the rational management of this home : the space in which life can be sustained .
The rules are the same in both cases .
If you extract resources at a rate beyond the level of replenishment , your stock will collapse .
That ’s another noun which reminds us of the connection .
The OED gives 69 definitions of stock .
When it means a fund or store , the word evokes the trunk – or stock – of a tree , “ from which the gains are an outgrowth ” ( 4 ) .
Collapse occurs when you prune the tree so heavily that it dies .
Ecology is the stock from which all wealth grows .
The two crises feed each other .
As a result of Iceland ’s financial collapse , it is now contemplating joining the European Union , which means surrendering its fishing grounds to the Common Fisheries Policy .
Already the prime minister Geir Haarde has suggested that his countrymen concentrate on exploiting the ocean ( 5 ) .
The economic disaster will cause an ecological disaster .
Normally it ’s the other way around .
In his book Collapse , Jared Diamond shows how ecological crisis is often the prelude to social catatrosphe ( 6 ) .
The obvious example is Easter Island , where society disintegrated soon after the population reached its highest historical numbers , the last trees were cut down and the construction of stone monuments peaked .
The island chiefs had competed to erect ever bigger statues .
These required wood and rope ( made from bark ) for transport and extra food for the labourers .
As the trees and soils on which the islanders depended disappeared , the population crashed and the survivors turned to cannibalism .
( Let ’s hope Iceland does n’t go the same way . )
Diamond wonders what the Easter islander who cut down the last palm tree might have thought .
“ Like modern loggers , did he shout ‘ Jobs , not trees !’?
Or : ‘ Technology will solve our problems , never fear , we ’ll find a substitute for wood .’?
Or : ‘ We do n’t have proof that there are n’t palms somewhere else on Easter … your proposed ban on logging is premature and driven by fear - mongering ’ ? ” ( 7 ) .
Ecological collapse , Diamond shows , is as likely to be the result of economic success as of economic failure .
The Maya of Central America , for example , were among the most advanced and successful people of their time .
But a combination of population growth , extravagant construction projects and poor land management wiped out between 90 and 99 % of the population .
The Mayan collapse was accelerated by “ the competition among kings and nobles that led to a chronic emphasis on war and erecting monuments rather than on solving underlying problems ” ( 8 ) .
Does any of this sound familiar ?
Again , the largest monuments were erected just before the ecosystem crashed .
Again , this extravagance was partly responsible for the collapse : trees were used for making plaster with which to decorate their temples .
The plaster became thicker and thicker as the kings sought to outdo each other ’s conspicuous consumption .
Here are some of the reasons why people fail to prevent ecological collapse .
Their resources appear at first to be inexhaustible ; a long - term trend of depletion is concealed by short - term fluctuations ; small numbers of powerful people advance their interests by damaging those of everyone else ; short - term profits trump long - term survival .
The same , in all cases , can be said of the collapse of financial systems .
Is this how human beings are destined to behave ?
If we can not act until stocks – of either kind – start sliding towards oblivion , we ’re knackered .
But one of the benefits of modernity is our ability to spot trends and predict results .
If fish in a depleted ecosystem grow by 5 % a year and the catch expands by 10 % a year , the fishery will collapse .
If the global economy keeps growing at 3 % a year ( or 1700 % a century ) it too will hit the wall .
I ’m not going to suggest , as some scoundrel who shares a name with me did on these pages last year ( 9 ) , that we should welcome a recession .
But the financial crisis provides us with an opportunity to rethink this trajectory ; an opportunity which is not available during periods of economic success .
Governments restructuring their economies should read Herman Daly ’s book Steady - State Economics ( 10 ) .
As usual I have n’t left enough space to discuss this , so the details will have to wait for another column .
Or you can read the summary published by the Sustainable Development Commission ( 11 ) .
But what Daly suggests is that nations which are already rich should replace growth ( “ more of the same stuff ” ) with development ( “ the same amount of better stuff ” ) .
A steady state economy has a constant stock of capital maintained by a rate of throughput no higher than the ecosystem can absorb .
The use of resources is capped and the right to exploit them is auctioned .
Poverty is addressed through the redistribution of wealth .
The banks can lend only as much money as they possess .
Alternatively , we can persist in the magical thinking whose results have just come crashing home .
The financial crisis shows what happens when we try to make the facts fit our desires .
Now we must learn to live in the real world .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1. Richard Black , 10th October 2008 .
Nature loss ‘ dwarfs bank crisis ’ .
BBC Online .
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/sci/tech/7662565.stm
2. Gordon Brown , 20th June 2007 .
Speech to Mansion House .
http://www.hm-treasury.gov.uk/2014.htm
3. Gordon Brown , 16th June 2004 .
Speech to Mansion House .
http://www.hm-treasury.gov.uk/1534.htm
4. Oxford English Dictionary , 1989 .
Second Edition .
5. Niklas Magnusson , 10th October 2008 .
Iceland Premier Tells Nation to Go Fishing After Banks Implode .
http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=azZ189JG.1S8&refer=home
6. Jared Diamond , 2005 .
Collapse : how societies choose to survive or fail .
Allen Lane , London .
7. Page 114 .
8. Page 160 .
9. George Monbiot , 9th October 2007 .
Bring on the Recession .
The Guardian .
https://www.monbiot.com/archives/2007/10/09/bring-on-the-recession/
10 . Herman E. Daly , 1991 .
Steady - State Economics – 2nd Edition .
Island Press , Washington DC .
11 . Herman E. Daly , 24th April 2008 .
A Steady - State Economy .
Sustainable Development Commission .
http://www.sd-commission.org.uk/publications/downloads/Herman_Daly_thinkpiece.pdf
On 20 November 2005 Sergeant John Jones , 32 , of The Royal Regiment of Fusiliers , was killed in a roadside bomb in Basra , Iraq , in which Lance Corporal Mark Dryden lost an arm .
L/ Cpl Dryden , a self confessed “ class clown ” who joined the army at 17 without any qualifications , has since left and is now working towards a degree .
Currently volunteering as a junior football team coach , he hopes to get a job as a physical education teacher .
In this , his first ever essay for his new college , he recounts the day he lost his friend .
It ’s been an hour .
The streets are very quiet .
Something is just not right .
It feels hostile as if something is going to happen .
We stop next to a local shop ; we have spoken to the shopkeeper once before .
He was very nice and talkative , but this time he wo n’t talk to Captain Fields .
I say to John , " This is pointless no one is gonna talk to a female officer . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
John agrees .
We drive away .
I tell John , " I do n’t think we will get much out of this patrol as we have a female interpreter . "
John has always trusted my judgement as I ’m third in charge .
We had a good rapport with the local shopkeepers ; some have told us that it ’s the Afghans and the Iranians that are bombing the city .
Something still does n’t feel right .
I ’m not scared , I ’m quite happy as we are going to get back in early .
As we make our way back through the city I notice the football stadium .
It ’s nothing like ours back home .
It 's been blown to bits .
I shout out , “ Oh look there ’s Villa Park ! ”
Lee just laughs as he ’s a Birmingham City fan .
John ’s not happy as he ’s a Villa fan .
The banter is good between us .
The roads are covered in litter and rubble .
There are no kids around which is strange ; it ’s very quiet .
The lads are just talking about nothing serious ; no one hears a word from Captain Fields .
I sat thinking about my first tour , I was a young seventeen year old just fresh from school .
I was nervous , anxious , anticipating the worst back then .
It ’s been twelve years .
I have many years experience now , but complacency never comes in to it .
We are well trained ; we ’ve trained hard for 18 months for this tour .
I hit the railway line at about 40 mph .
I hear a loud explosion then a second one .
I lose control of the Land Rover .
I try to brake .
The gap between the explosions seems like an eternity but after the first everything slowed down .
My brain does n’t feel it can process what is happening .
I can smell rubber burning , taste the smoke .
It ’s a horrible dry taste , burning clothing , plastic ; I can smell and taste blood .
I feel excruciating pain in my left arm and my right arm is numb .
My right leg is very painful .
I ’m trying desperately hard to stop the vehicle .
We are bouncing all over the place and hit a wall near the naval base .
I am screaming at John to wake up , to wake and help me .
I ’m screaming at John to wake , to help me .
He ’s not responding .
I try to lift my left arm and grab him but the pain is too much it ’s not moving .
My right arm is numb , I ca n’t feel it ; I know its not there anymore .
The vehicle has stopped .
I ’m still screaming at John to help me and then my door opens .
It ’s Nick , he asks , “ Are you ok ? ”
He drags me out of the vehicle , lays me on the dry mud .
I stop screaming .
Reality is starting to settle in .
Everything has stopped being in slow motion ; time has caught up with itself .
I can’t breathe ; my body armour feels tight .
I say , “ Can someone open my body armour ?
Is John OK ?
Is he awake ? ”
I notice Captain Fields above me saying , “ do n’t worry about John ” .
I ’m shouting , “ Is John OK , Is he alive ? ”
I am trying to sit up .
Captain Fields wo n’t let me .
She knows I ’m in a lot of pain .
“ Where is your morphine ? ” she asks .
I start laughing as I know it is in my jacket , which is in my room .
I tell her that .
She gives me her morphine .
My mouth is dry .
I know I ’m not dehydrated .
I am asking for water .
Captain Fields gives me some saying “ Sip it . ” I have never felt pain like this before in my life .
I have had broken legs and arms before but nothing like this .
I know they are doing first aid on me .
I do n’t know what my injuries are .
I ca n’t look at my arms but I know one is missing .
I try to sit up and move my head .
I see Lee vomiting .
Stevie shouting , “ Let someone else help you with John . ”
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
“ I ’ll do it , John is breathing ” .
I am relieved , hoping he is ok .
I open my eyes .
Look up to see Stevie looking at me .
He asks , “ Where is your arm ? ”
“ In the Land Rover somewhere , go get it , stick it back on . ”
We both start laughing , I ’m laughing in pain , the pain is agonising .
I do n’t know how long has passed ; I think only a few minutes .
It seems longer .
The QRF ( quick reaction force ) and the ambulance arrives .
It seems like an eternity .
The medic rushes over to me and steps on my arm , it seems to squelch as if there is nothing there .
He says , “ Sorry , never seen your arm ! ”
Then moves away to where John is .
I get dragged on to a stretcher and put into the ambulance , with John on another stretcher .
I ask , " Is he OK ?
He was breathing before ! ”
I get no answer .
It is very uncomfortable in the ambulance , bouncing all over the place ; the roads in Iraq are not the best .
I am on the right hand side of the ambulance .
My arm is hitting the side .
The pain is unbelievable , I look over to John .
I notice the medics doing CPR on him .
I say , “ He was breathing !
What are you doing ? , is he OK ? ”
I get no answer .
It ’s only a short journey back to base its very hot and sticky in the ambulance .
I feel nauseous but I ’m not sick .
The ambulance stops , I feel the hot air on my face .
I am moved off the stretcher on to a bed .
They start cutting my combats off .
“ Where is your ID ?
Do you have any ID on you ? ”
“ No I left it in my room ” .
A dentist I recognise starts cutting my trousers off .
He says “ Corporal Dryden , you could have worn boxer shorts ... ”
“ It ’s to hot for that ”
I think I ’m dead ; I ’m not in my body anymore .
I ’m not in any pain , it feels nice .
I do n’t know where I am .
I see lots of different colours , pinks , blues , like I ’m tripping .
There is a nice breeze on my body keeping me cool .
It ’s beautiful .
I wake up .
I do n’t know where I am .
I ’m scared .
There are four or five nurses around me .
I do n’t recognise any of them .
“ Where am I ? ” I ask .
“ Shaibah Hospital . ”
( The field hospital at the former British Shaibah Logistics Base )
“ Is John here ? ”
“ Who is John ?
Do n’t know a John . ”
“ Sergeant Jones . ”
I ’m in a lot of pain , someone is standing behind me dressed in a blue uniform I tell him to knock me out as I ca n’t handle the pain .
He says , “ You ’re going to surgery soon ...
You ’ll be unconscious ... ”
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
A key Democratic lawmaker called Tuesday for the resignation of American International Group 's CEO after the troubled insurer held a financial planners conference last week at a posh Arizona resort .
Edward Liddy , AIG chief executive , said the conference educated external financial planners .
The company responded that the event cost AIG very little and was aimed at boosting income .
AIG had come under sharp criticism for sending executives on a lavish English partridge hunt and a weeklong retreat at a California resort after accepting an $ 85 billion bailout -- since grown to $ 150 billion -- from the federal government in September .
" These guys , they do n't get it , " Rep. Elijah Cummings , D - Maryland , said on CNN's " American Morning . "
" They came to us basically saying 'we are on the critical list , and we need a respirator , ' and we bail them out , and the next thing we know , we turn around and they are going out partying and spending the taxpayers ' dollars .
And it 's kind of -- it 's very upsetting . "
Watch Cummings criticize AIG »
Cummings , a senior member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , called for the resignation of AIG CEO Edward Liddy , who joined the company only a few weeks ago as part of the bailout plan .
But Liddy told CNN's Larry King later Tuesday that the conference was legitimate , stressing it was an event not for AIG employees , but for 150 outside financial planners wanting to learn about AIG 's products .
And AIG has said that although the event cost $ 343,000 , AIG had to pay only $ 23,000 of it .
Watch Liddy explain event 's purpose »
" Ninety percent of [ the conference ] was paid for by the participants who were there and our partners at this conference , " Liddy told King .
Liddy said AIG was " tightening the belt " and has cut more than 160 conferences or other events in the past seven weeks .
But he said some training events for external financial planners are needed " so they understand the product , all of its features , and they know what to sell to whom . "
" We do n't want a variable annuity sold to a 85 - year - old widow , " Liddy said .
Liddy said the company will pay off the $ 150 billion government loan plus interest .
Watch Liddy say AIG will pay back the loan »
" We appreciate what the taxpayer and the federal government has done for us .
...
We intend to pay back every penny we 've borrowed , " Liddy said .
Earlier , AIG spokesman Nicholas Ashooh also defended the conference , saying Cummings was " responding to an incomplete picture . "
" This was a legit meeting .
It was really for independent advisers at very little cost to AIG . "
Watch AIG 's CEO explain the retreat at a Arizona resort »
Ashooh also said AIG canceled a speech by former NFL quarterback Terry Bradshaw at the conference .
The conference , Ashooh said , was one " that any insurance company has to do " and not a " junket for AIG top executives . "
Phoenix TV station KNXV , a CNN affiliate , reported that AIG tried to keep its connection to the 2008 Asset Management Conference a secret by ensuring that no AIG logos were on the property .
Undercover footage shot by KNXV shows top AIG executives , including Larry Roth , president and CEO of AIG Advisor Group , sitting poolside and drinking coffee while conference - goers attended meetings .
Another executive -- Art Tambaro , head of AIG subsidiary Royal Alliance -- stayed in one of the resort 's two - story villas .
The footage also shows a few executives being shuttled in a luxury Lincoln Town Car one night and enjoying dinner and drinks at a McCormick & Schmick 's seafood restaurant , where they spent more than $ 400 , KNXV reported .
Ashooh insisted that the conference was legitimate .
" We 've certainly done some things in the past that have been worthy of criticism , but this one 's really been mischaracterized , " he said .
Ashooh said AIG indeed tried to keep the event low - profile " because everything has been subject to so much criticism . "
" But it was n't an effort to disguise it .
It was an effort to minimize costs and to keep the profile down , because we do n't even want to do anything that would even be perceived as expensive , " he said .
The U.S. government agreed to an $ 85 billion loan in September to stave off AIG 's immediate collapse .
On Monday , the Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department modified the original loan into a $ 150 billion deal with a lower interest rate and used another $ 40 billion to buy preferred stock .
The dealings have left the federal government owning 80 percent of AIG .
But AIG ran into criticism almost from the start .
There was a $ 440,000 retreat at St. Regis Resort in Monarch Beach , California , and an $ 86,000 partridge hunt at an English manor .
Last week 's conference was held at the Hilton Squaw Peak Hotel in Phoenix , Arizona .
Under an agreement with New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo , the company agreed to freeze $ 19 million in payments to its former CEO , Martin Sullivan , and block distributions from a $ 600 million deferred compensation and bonus pool for the company 's financial products subsidiary .
The company also withheld a $ 10 million severance payment to its former chief financial officer .
Sullivan was replaced in June by Robert Willumstad , who in turn was replaced by Liddy as part of the bailout .
Willumstad voluntarily gave up a $ 22 million severance package .
AIG reported a $ 24.5 billion loss in the third quarter .
All About American International Group Inc. • U.S. Federal Reserve • U.S. Department of the Treasury
If you live in that part of the Venn Diagram where Star Trek and Monty Python overlap , ( as I do ) I suspect you will be glad you watched this .
( epic thanks to Sean L. for e-mailing this to me . )
New Dawn Meets Cold War Medvedev Hits Out at ' Selfish ' US
Just a few hours after Barack Obama was elected US president , Moscow hit out at Washington 's " selfish " foreign policy on Wednesday .
In his first address to the nation , President Medvedev said Russia plans to install short - range missiles in its Kaliningrad enclave in Eastern Europe .
Mix and match images to stunning effect , with these fantastic tricks from Mark Mayers .
Comping images together is one of those tasks that can look horrendous when it ’s done clumsily .
Fortunately , Photoshop has plenty of tools to help you create images that leap off the page .
In this tutorial , Mark Mayers guides you step - by - step through the process of combining photos , vector files and paint textures together , using blending modes , Magic Wand selections and opacity to achieve a look that ’s at once edgy and polished .
We ’ve supplied all the paint files to follow this tutorial on the cover CD or they can be downloaded here .
The photos can be bought affordably from iStockPhoto .
You can buy the source images from the following links : http://tinyurl.com/6dtc8e ( for the car ) , http://tinyurl.com/6xmh7u ( for the figure ) , http://tinyurl.com/6z4q3p ( for the palm trees ) and http://tinyurl.com/6cd4d2 ( for the buildings ) .
Alternatively , it ’s simple to use the same techniques on your own images .
01 . Before touching your computer , dig out your long - forgotten paints and brushes , roll up your sleeves and paint a series of background textures .
Use thick paint on board for an impasto effect , and a dryer brush on canvas to capture the texture .
If you ’d rather not get messy , the source files are on this month ’s cover CD or or can be downloaded here , and are called Paint_1.jpg , Paint_2.jpg and so on .
02 . Throughout this tutorial we ’ll be referring to the files supplied on the CD .
If you ’re using your own textures , allow them to dry and scan them at 300d pi .
Start by opening Paint_1.jpg and drag and drop Paint_ 2.jpg in as a new layer , setting the blending mode to Saturation .
Now drop in Paint_3.jpg , position it on the top left of the screen , and set the blending mode to Multiply .
03 . Import Flag.ai from the cover CD into Photoshop , setting the resolution to 300dpi , and drag and drop it into a new Group Folder within your working document .
Open Blue_canvas.jpg , select all and copy it to the clipboard .
In your working document , use the Magic Wand tool set to Contiguous to select a blue strip .
Now hit Shift + Cmd / Ctrl +
V to paste this strip into the active selection , then scale and position it as required .
Select
All from the new layer and copy .
Repeat the paste command for the remaining blue areas .
04 .
Follow the same technique for the red of the flag ( using Red_canvas.jpg from the cover CD ) and also the white ( using White_canvas.jpg ) .
Darken the textures by moving the original Illustrator flag layer to the top , setting the blending mode to Multiply and adjusting the Opacity to 80 % .
Now link each layer to their corresponding masks by clicking between their thumbnails .
05 .
Open the car image and select Image > Adjustments >
Posterize and enter a value of 7 .
Drag and drop this as a new layer above the flag , resize , and position as shown .
Set the blending mode to Vivid Light and adjust the Opacity to 90 % .
Blend the colours by clipping a Hue / Saturation adjustment layer ( see Tip box , right ) and decrease the Green by - 83 and the Cyan by - 28 by using the Edit drop - down menu .
Now target the flag folder and rotate as shown .
06 .
Open the buildings image and use the Magic Wand tool with a Tolerance of 55 to make a rough selection of the sky .
Invert the selection ( Select > Inverse ) and copy and paste this into your working document above the car , before Posterizing it using a value of 4 .
Now select Edit > Transform >
Flip Horizontal , resize it and position it to the left .
Set the blending mode to Overlay and delete the bottom area .
07 . Drag and drop the palm tree image as a new layer above the buildings , setting the blending mode to Hard Light and adjusting the Opacity to 85 % .
Blend the image by double - clicking on the layer thumbnail to access the custom blending options .
Directly under Blend
If , you ’ll see the options for ‘ This Layer ’ .
Hold
Alt to split the slider , drag the left one to 45 and the right one to 64 .
08 . Continue adding further paint layers to create a sense of depth .
Here I ’ve used Paint_4.jpg and Paint_5.jpg ( both in Multiply mode ) , but feel free to use your own textures for a more personal look .
You can achieve some unexpected results by experimenting with different blending modes .
09 .
Open the man image and create a closed path around the figure .
Do n’t sweat over the hair too much , as it will be hidden in the final composition .
Now select Image > Adjustments >
Posterize and enter a value of 4 .
Next go Cmd / Ctrl + click on your path thumbnail to generate a selection , and copy it to the clipboard .
10 .
Paste this selection as a new layer at the top of the stack , resize and position it as shown , then set the blending mode to Vivid Light and adjust the opacity to 75 % .
Now hit Cmd / Ctrl + click the layer icon to generate a selection , target the palm tree layer and go Layer > Layer Mask > Hide Selection .
Do the same for the buildings and the car layers , as well as the flag Group Folder .
11 . Open Paint_6.jpg and use the Lasso tool to create a selection around an individual brushstroke , then select Edit > Define Brushset .
Follow the same technique for the remaining strokes to create a series of brushes .
By default these will appear at the bottom of your current loaded brushes .
12 . Use your new brushes on the car , buildings and palm tree layer masks to get rid of any hard edges .
Draw a closed path around the car roof , generate a pathbased selection , target the flag mask and erase .
Next clip a Hue / Saturation adjustment layer to the figure , check the Colorize option and adjust the Hue to 45 and the Saturation to 37 .
13 . Open Spray_1.jpg from the cover disc , convert it to RGB , then use the Magic Wand tool with a Tolerance setting of 55 and the Contiguous option unchecked to generate a selection , filling it with pale orange .
Now copy and paste this into a new Group Folder within your working document .
Repeat this technique for Spray_2.jpg and Stencil_1.jpg .
Duplicate them a few times , and use a combination of Hard Light , Soft Light and Overlay blending modes .
14 . Open Tape_edge_1.jpg from the cover disc ; this image was created by painting over some masking tape applied to canvas then peeling away the tape .
Generate a selection from the black with the Magic Wand tool , fill it with white and copy it to the clipboard .
Create a new Alpha Channel in your working document ( click on the button in the top right corner of the Channels palette and select Create New Channel ) , and paste in the selection .
Enable the composite RGB channel , then rotate and scale the image , positioning it in the bottom left .
To make things clearer , try changing the default red of the channel to a blue and lowering its opacity by double - clicking the channel thumbnail .
15 . Open Tape_edge_2.jpg and select areas using the Magic Wand tool with Contiguous checked .
Fill with white , and copy and paste this into your new channel .
Try using some of the spray images as well to build up a grungy border .
When you ’re done , Cmd / Ctrl + click on the Channel icon to generate a selection .
Next , create a new Group folder at the top of the layer stack , add a new layer and fill the active selection with a mid-red , setting the blending mode to Soft Light .
16 . Add a new Alpha Channel and follow the same steps to create another grungy border .
Fill this selection with a mid-orange on a new layer and set the blending mode to Hard Light .
Now add a layer mask to the folder and mask the figure as before .
Finally , add a Hue / Saturation Adjustment Layer at the top of the layer stack with the following settings : Master Hue : +6 , Red Hue : +3/Saturation : - 7 . Yellow Saturation : - 8 . Lower the opacity to 60 % .
But six months later , the police came back and took her father away again .
This time , they offered him a choice : he could denounce his Christian faith , and the church in which he was a pastor – or he would be killed .
" Of course , my father refused to give up his faith , " Rashid recalls proudly .
" He could not renounce his God .
His belief in Christ was his life – it was his deepest conviction . "
So two weeks later , Hossein Soodmand was taken by guards to the prison gallows and hanged .
When is a record not always a record ?
When it 's twinned with the word " debt " .
To have a hope of knowing what 's happening with the economy , you need to learn the rules of a childish game , says Michael Blastland .
Here 's a game that 's all the rage with politicians and the media .
Take any number of pounds that 's bigger than it was before : the price of a hotel room , the size of the health budget , whatever , but particularly at the moment , government borrowing .
Shout : " It 's a record ! " Apportion blame or praise , as desired .
The game is fatuous , but do n't let that stop you .
After all , it does n't stop them .
Here are some examples .
The numbers are all correct .
1 . In 17 years of power up to 1997 , the Conservatives made net debt repayments in four years , totalling nearly £ 17bn .
Since coming to power in 1997 , Labour made net repayments in three years , totalling about £ 41 bn .
( A record ! )
Praise be to Labour prudence , the Conservatives were rubbish .
2 . In 1993 , during the last recession , the Conservative government borrowed about £ 51bn .
This year , Labour is expected to borrow about £ 64bn .
( A record ! )
All hail Conservative prudence , Labour are rubbish .
3 . After World War II , the national debt was about £ 24bn .
In September this year , after repeated Labour and Conservative governments , public sector net debt had reached about £ 645 bn .
( A record ! )
They are all rubbish .
Getting a taste for it ?
Try these top tips :
Do n't try to inform or enlighten - just generate as much heat as possible ( with extra points at a time of public anxiety )
Ignore inflation - this makes it impossible to say how any quantity of pounds genuinely compares with another some years apart , but does allow many absurd , baseless comparisons
Assume that wealth does n't matter , as if £ 10,000 owed by someone earning £ 5,000 a year is as serious a debt as it would be to Roman Abramovich
And it 's game on !
Although , there are problems .
One is that it treats the public like fools .
Another is it soon becomes boring .
Both are clear when we play the game with the national debt since the war , which would have allowed us to shout " record ! " in the following years : 1946 , 1947 , 1952 , 1953 , 1954 , 1955 , 1956 , 1957 , 1958 , 1959 , 1960 , 1964 , 1965 , 1966 , 1967 , 1968 , 1972 , 1973 , 1974 , 1975 , 1976 , 1977 , 1978 , 1979 , 1980 , 1981 , 1982 , 1983 , 1984 , 1985 , 1986 , 1987 , 1992 , 1993 , 1994 , 1995 , 1996 , 1997 , 1998 , 2004 , 2005 , 2006 , 2007 and 2008 .
Records of this type come round almost like the calendar because economies grow , and there 's almost always some inflation .
We might as well report that the date , 2008 , is a record number of recorded years .
More than in any other year since records began 2008 years ago .
Beating by one the record held only last year , of 2007 .
And that if the trend continues we will see another record number of years recorded in the year as early as next year .
Stating the obvious
In short , our media and politicians on both sides have been talking a good deal of rubbish .
What 's the alternative ?
We could look at debt and borrowing in context .
This is admittedly less easy to shout about .
If we do , cash records can be seen for what they are : often misleading .
" Labour triples spending on the NHS "
" Labour borrowing hits record " Such boasts and criticisms - and both of these have appeared frequently - tell us little .
To many , this will be obvious .
So how do we work out if the numbers are genuinely better or worse than in the past , and by how much ?
First , we compare them with the size of the economy in pounds ( or what 's called " money GDP " ) .
This takes account of the combination of inflation and how well off we are , and is the method used by statistical authorities worldwide .
The first chart plays the game , and shows the government deficit now and in 1993 ( the former " record " ) .
If we talk only in pounds - and also chop off the bottom of the graph so it does n't start at zero - we can make things look terrible .
Here are the same numbers with a little context .
This time , they are also compared with the size of the economy .
Now we see rising inflation and economic growth have more than doubled the size of the economy in pounds .
But have they also doubled the deficit in pounds ?
Not even nearly .
If we updated the 1993 deficit to a 2008 - sized economy after 15 years of inflation , it would be over £ 110bn , compared with this year 's projected deficit of about £ 64bn .
So is borrowing already a record , as recent wild headlines have suggested ?
Evidently not , at least not in any meaningful sense , or certainly not yet , however many zeros there are on the end of the figure ( and that is also true in the US ) .
In 1993 in the UK , borrowing reached 7 % of GDP ; today it is about half that .
Does this mean Labour 's borrowing is actually lower in this downturn than Conservative borrowing at the last ?
No .
These are early days - and it will rise .
So we can't compare the peaks in borrowing , but we can compare borrowing at the point that each recession began .
We can also say that we do n't expect borrowing to be as high in good times as in bad .
If we take all this into account , and look at how much each government was borrowing just before the storm hit , we find no meaningful difference .
Adjusted for the economic cycle , Conservative borrowing then was about 2.6 % of GDP .
Labour borrowing now is about 2.7 % of GDP .
But the best analysis - from the Institute for Fiscal Studies - suggests that borrowing is beginning to rise more quickly this time .
That 's borrowing from month to month .
What about the total stock of all debt still outstanding - what was once called the National Debt but is now referred to ( and measured differently ) as public sector net debt ?
Labour did reduce it from the level inherited in 1997 , relative to GDP ( as did the Tories in 1979 ) but it soon started to rise again ( as it did with the Tories ) .
It 's still lower than some other big , rich countries like France , Italy , or Japan , but higher than most countries in the OECD .
Here 's another chart .
It shows the UK 's public sector net debt , as a proportion of GDP , of course .
( Why do we show the debt without the cost of Northern Rock ?
Because unlike ordinary government debt , Northern Rock is also worth something , an asset that we can probably cash in one day .
If we include it , today 's line would be at about the level of 1997 ) .
So how do they compare overall ?
Arguably , Labour 's plight is worse because it is starting a recession from a higher net debt position than the start of the recession in the early 1990s .
Borrowing also seems to be beginning to rise faster .
But things are not yet remotely as bad as they have been on many previous occasions .
Claims the country is in a better debt position than it was in 1997 are true , but less relevant than the comparison with the start of the last recession in the early 90s , by which measure today 's debt is higher .
Context takes only a moment .
A good and simple start would be to present figures as a percentage of GDP , whether for spending , taxation or borrowing .
Of course , there 's the small matter of what the government actually does with the money .
But when it comes to how much money we 're talking about , handle records with care .
Michael Blastland is the author , with Andrew Dilnot , of The Tiger That Is n't .
Below is a selection of your comments : Good article .
About time we saw some balance and rationality from a journalist .
I am fed up with journalistic sensationalism , even if it does sell papers , how are we able to have any sense of objectivity if the information is constantly twisted .
As for politicians , their self serving has turned most of the people off the whole subject .
Chris , London Michael Blastland is to be congratulated on providing a balanced and informative article - head and shoulders above the attempts of his colleagues !
This is what journalism SHOULD be about .
Why do we not get this kind of insight in other pieces ?
Particularly with climate change , where so much rubbish is presented as if it were true .
T Massingham , Gloucester - UK
I agree entirely with the need for context , but as soon as anyone starts qualifying the numbers most people either stop listening , accuse them of " fiddling " or just do n't understand .
Dumbed down populist news means anything more than a mono - syllabic sentence ( with just one number in it ) is too much for most people .
Try explaining to people that 10 % growth in house prices followed by a 10 % loss is actually an overall 1 % loss , and you might as well be trying to tell them the moon really is made of cheese .
Alan Marson , Aberdeen , Scotland
But is n't the Beeb just as guilty of hype as the politicians ?
How often is % used in news items to sex up the figures ?
Statistics are sprayed round by the media and politicians generally , usually generating more heat than light .
Look at the present BBC coverage of the recession - plunging graphs , doom laden pronouncements , - those facing unemployment or wrecked pensions must feel like slitting their wrists !
Less reputation burnishing , more truth please !
Gordon Thompson , Crich , Derbyshire U.K .
This article is the longest on the BBC News website today ... a record !
Jon D , huddersfield 2008 is not a record number of recorded years
The Mayan calendar extends back over 5000 years ( a record ) - check your facts !
Oz , Cambridge , UK Inspired Article .
At last someone at the BBC reporting with an element of common sense !
Bravo Michael !!
Nick Pollins , Brighton
What happens if you include PFI obligations , unfunded public sector pension liabilities and state pension liabilities .
I suspect the result would be terrifying .
Dave , London Very enlightening - and something that I have often suspected !
Why is n't there any regulation on this when newspapers etc report these matters ?
Equally , why does n't the accused stand up and ask for the beans to be re-counted ?
BBC , we expect you to lead the way !
Allan , Surrey I knew it !
Anything can be made witty and entertaining with the judicious application of sarcasm .
Thank you , I feel both well informed and vindicated .
Kat Murphy , Coventry Another record where inflation is ignored appears to be box - office takings .
Every year sees a new film smashing the previous record for box - office takings , but it 's not a surprise as inflation is n't taken into account .
So as the price of a cinema ticket rises , so the amount of sales required to beat the previous record falls .
However , as Michael Blastland points out , people like reading about records being broken .
Even if they would have been broken merely by the passing of time .
DS , Croydon , England
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Today ’s inspiration comes from Mario Mariotti ( 1936 - 1997 ) , an Italian artist from Florence , famous for his amazing hand painting art .
Also check out : 3D Paintings , Face Paintings , and Body Paintings
If you thought that Tetris , the Movie was a bad idea , wait until you hear about this one
If you listened very closely , you might have heard , coming out of the far west , the faint but undeniable sound of the bottom of a barrel being scraped .
I refer to the news , reported recently in the film trade press , that Ridley Scott has signed on to direct a big - screen adaptation of Monopoly .
Yes , you read right : Monopoly .
The board game .
The one that 's been around for most of the 20th century , in one form or another ( Parker formally acquired the rights in 1935 ) .
Scott , we are told , was originally slated only to produce , for Universal Pictures , but now will helm the film as well , and reportedly intends to give it " a futuristic sheen , along the lines of his iconic Blade Runner . "
Just what you imagine when you play , is n't it ?
Golden light filtering through Venetian blinds .
A well - fed owl perched in the corner somewhere .
And , just as you 're about to put some hotels on Park Lane , your brother - in - law leaning in close to mutter , " Time to die . "
Oh yes , it 's all perfectly congruent with that family classic we 've loved for generations .
Amazing , it has n't been made into a movie already ...
Bad as this is , it 's not the worst that could happen .
On the contrary : in their unending search for a ready - made audience and a " risk - adverse spend " , Hollywood studios are teaming with games manufacturers to produce more adaptations .
Before long we may be treated to such kitchen - table classics as Battleship ( also from Universal ) and Milton Bradley 's Game of Life and Ouija Board ( which , in fairness , could be kind of cool ) .
As one producer friend put it , " Hollywood would adapt a parking ticket if they thought people would come to see it " – a statement confirmed back in May of 2003 when Paramount paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to option Avril Lavigne 's single Sk8er Boi .
The cash , it seems , went mostly to acquire that " youthful " spelling ; the film never materialised .
Make no mistake : Blade Runner is a flat - out masterpiece , Scott 's best and most satisfying movie .
But applying its rococo - futurist aesthetic to a venture whose lead character looks like this , promises a peculiar disjunction of style and subject .
One possible solution may be to shift genres .
And in this respect , Monopoly offers no shortage of options .
How about a period piece ?
Despite Hasbro 's rather Stalinist attempts to rewrite history , it now seems clear that one Lizzie Magie , a Quaker living in Maryland , originally conceived the game in 1904 .
Then called The Landlord 's Game , it was intended to warn of the perils of private monopolies , not to celebrate them .
Perhaps because of this stern moral rectitude , Quaker board games remain , to this day , something of a niche market .
Scott has form with historical pieces - Gladiator and his 1977 debut , The Duellists , are particularly fine .
I can see Amy Adams as an effervescent Lizzie – and Russell Crowe ( who these days is to Scott what DiCaprio is to Scorsese ) as a pudgy carpetbagger .
What about a war movie ?
Again , Scott knows the territory , after all .
And during the second world war , the British secret service mobilised the International Red Cross to distribute a special Monopoly edition for allied POWs .
While one imagines the actual game - play to have been a little on the grim side ( " You 've just won a beauty contest .
Prize : a night with the Hauptbefehlsleiter ! " ) , the adapted game had its uses – not least , to conceal various items ( maps , compasses , small amounts of cash ) that could aid the soldiers , were they to escape .
Though , frankly , to have included a Get Out Of Jail Free card would have just seemed cruel .
It 's not that cinema is incompatible with the blithe pleasures of playtime : think of the obscure rules , the elusive clues , of Jacques Rivette 's Pont du Nord , which treats the arrondissements of Paris like a giant board game .
Or Anthony Harvey 's They Might Be Giants , which does much the same for Manhattan .
And what is L'Avventura , after all , if not an extended game of hide - and - seek ?
Yet this one has a definite whiff about it , somehow .
Still , it might conceivably get made , and if it does , will doubtless cost a fortune – neither Scott nor his " futuristic sheen " come cheap .
No matter : whatever the budget , they 'll spend it the same way : like it 's play money .
The AP is reporting what I fully expected .
It just is n't in Obama 's interests or nature to seek prosecution of the president or many others in the Bush administration for committing war crimes .
He wants to unite , heal and move forward .
For him to initiate charges would seem partisan .
And yet acquiescing to covering them up would be fatal .
So what to do ?
Hilzoy proposes a special prosecutor :
This prosecutor should be someone with an unimpeachable reputation for wisdom , rectitude , and non-partisanship .
( Think Archibald Cox . )
He or she should be given complete independence , and should decide , without any interference from anyone in government , whether or not to bring charges .
That would allow charges to be brought if they are merited , while minimizing the chances that they would be seen as partisan .
That 's better than leaving the precedent that a president can break the law and pardon himself later - especially when the law we are talking about is the prohibition on torture .
But it might also be feasible for Obama to set up a Truth and Reconciliation Commission that , in return for legal immunity in the US , could at least unearth and publicize the full evidence and records of the past eight years .
We would at least know more about who authorized what and when .
And in a democracy , we need to know , when such immense power is being exercised on our behalf .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Someone broke into Wired.com 's San Francisco office early this morning , according to a leaked memo :
Hi Gang -
We were broken into early this morning .
If you need particulars , please see me in person .
A few things to note :
We will have a guard posted on the 3rd floor between the hours of 11 PM – 7 AM tonight and Friday night .
For anyone coming & going during this time , please be prepared to show identification & business card .
The guard will be from Steele Foundation and is being arranged through our Security Investigations Group at 4 Times Square .
Whenever you are working late or over the weekend , you should always keep a business card at hand .
If there is ever alarm activity and security is dispatched , they will ask to see your business card .
As of tonight and moving forward , Wired alarms and cameras will be monitored 24/7 by security in NY .
Please , please take the time to make sure every door you access closes properly behind you .
I ’m not very good at it myself , but I ’m trying to make it a habit .
Regards , c. ( mobile : [ redacted ] )
Wired.com went through layoffs earlier this week .
Maybe it 's been victimized by a disgruntled former employee ?
Update :
An earlier version of this story reported Wired magazine 's offices were broken into .
Not the case , says Chris Anderson .
See Also :
Layoffs At Condé Nast's Wired.com
Photo : timsamoff
By Laurie Taylor
Dream of racking in pots of these ?
Is a gig talking to blue - chip companies about the " challenge of change " , strategic objectives and empowering workers a licence to print money ?
Here 's hoping ...
Whenever I parked my beaten - up mini van in the staff car park at the University of York I used to glance enviously across at the very much grander gleaming car which occupied the opposite space .
How could anyone on academic pay possibly afford such a luxurious monster ?
A colleague explained that it belonged to a member of the economics department who earned a great deal of extra money from consultancy work for major blue - chip companies .
And why had no - one ever asked me to provide similar services ?
" Frankly , " said my colleague , " No respectable businessman would be seen dead asking for advice from a sociologist .
" But , " he added helpfully , " You could always write to a few companies and mention your availability . "
FIND OUT MORE Hear Laurie Taylor 's Thinking Allowed on Radio 4 at 1600 on Wednesdays
or 0030 on Mondays
Or download the podcast here I did just that .
And then sat back and waited .
No -one replied .
I tried again .
And this time there was a bite .
A major computer company asked me to go and talk to them about what I could offer .
Would £ 500 a day for such an initial meeting be satisfactory ?
When I turned up for my first day's work I was introduced to the CEO , who explained over coffee in the boardroom that he was anxious for his senior team " to be up to speed " with the latest developments in management theory .
" Does that fall into your area of expertise ? "
" Oh yes , " I said , praying he did n't ask me any questions at all about an area of knowledge which was about as familiar to me as quantum mechanics or medieval history .
Money money money
There was more .
My new power - suited friend told me that once I 'd briefed his top team I could then go on to address several hundred other employees at the High Achievers conference to be held in two months time in the Prince Rainier auditorium in Monte Carlo .
As I left his office I could almost see a cartoon bubble stuffed with five pound notes sprouting from my forehead .
All that could be mine if only I could master management theory in the following few weeks .
At least £ 200 of my first day 's consultancy fee went on management textbooks .
One or two made some sense but most were full of flatulent jargon about targets , goals and strategic objectives .
Management theorists seemed particularly fond of interlocking boxes connected by two and three way arrows .
Nearly all subscribed to the idea that companies could be made more profitable , provided they had rational well - organised management which could motivate and empower the workforce .
Somehow or other I wove these dubious insights together and drew up an outline for my Monte Carlo speech .
It was an uneasy mixture of jargon , platitude and downright nonsense , but I was encouraged by the way in which the senior executives I 'd tried it on in advance seemed to feel it hit the spot .
They had , at least , nodded encouragingly .
When the great day came , I was rather flattered by the reception I received from the packed auditorium .
My two jokes went down well and my rousing final paragraph about the challenge of change had one man in the second row rising to his feet with what I presumed to be enthusiasm .
Bonding moment Afterwards in the conference bar I allowed myself to bask in the after - glow .
But only one delegate came over to talk ; a rather slovenly man who 'd clearly overlooked the conference instruction to dress smart / casual .
" Very good , " he said with an evident lack of enthusiasm .
" You enjoyed it ? "
" It served its function . "
" How do you mean - its function ? "
" Well , " said my untidy new friend , " We always like to have a really dud speaker like you early on in the conference .
It raises our solidarity .
After the talk we can all roll out to the bar , put our arms around people we do n't really like from departments we can't stand , and all jump up and down together shouting ' Was n't he bloody awful ' .
There 's nothing like a disaster for bringing people together . "
I slunk away from Monte Carlo and abandoned my consultancy work for ever .
My fraudulent attempts to promote a rational account of how organisations might improve and prosper had been effectively blown apart by one solid blast of realism .
What brought people together in this organisation was clearly not a recognition of its strategic goals , but a mass subversion of the person who'd been employed to articulate them .
Michael Thompson , the author of Organising and Disorganising , demonstrates the absurdity of organisations entertaining single management goals , and positively celebrates the value of subversion .
If only I had read him much earlier .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Good news , everybody !
Futurama 's back !
It 's been a strange old scenario ever since the show was resurrected from TV Hell .
Instead of another series of 22 - minute episodes , Fox - in their infinite wisdom - recommissioned Futurama in the form of four feature - length DVDs , each of which are basically four episodes back to back ( to be broadcast individually on TV ) .
The first release , Bender 's Big Score , was fleeting fun , although viewed without rose - tinted glasses , it 's not a patch on the first four series .
The second release , The Beast With A Billion Backs , was a relative disappointment ; moreso than its predecessor , it felt like an episode 's worth of material stretched to warrant a DVD release .
This third release , Bender 's Game , is kind of a make or break deal - the show either works in its current format or it does n't .
And no self - respecting nerd would wish ill on a show that easily rivalled The Simpsons in its heyday , right ?
Thankfully , Bender 's Game is a return to form for the Futurama writers .
Why ?
Because it 's them totally and 100 % playing to their strengths .
Anyone who 's seen any behind - the - scenes footage will know that the writers are huge geeks , and unashamedly so .
The show is usually peppered with highbrow maths jokes , science gags and other references that would fly way over the head of the average Family Guy fan .
Bender 's Game represents Futurama at its geek peak : tech jokes +
Dungeons & Dragons = nerd nirvana .
The plot is pretty paper - thin , basically an excuse to sling the Planet Express crew headlong into a Lord of the Rings parody via some typically tongue - in - cheek Futurama techno - babble .
The Professor reveals yet another bombshell about his relationship with ageing tyrant and oil billionaire Mom : he inadvertently invented a crystal that turned all Dark Matter into fuel , and with it , an opposite " anti- backwards energy " crystal that looks suspiciously like a twelve - sided die .
When Bender attempts to engage his imagination unit by playing Dungeons & Dragons , the two plotlines intertwine in an extremely contrived fashion , fusing the D&D reality in Bender 's brain to that of the real world .
Therefore , all characters transform into Tolkien - esque versions of themselves :
Fry becomes the Gollum - like Frydo , Bender is shiny knight Titanius Anglesmith and Hermes becomes a busty centaur named - arf - Hermaphrodite .
The idea of a Rings pastiche might be a little old ( you can picture professional a - holes Friedberg and Seltzer rejecting it as ' too obvious ' ) but the Futurama writers are n't taking the piss , just gently ribbing and poking fun at the franchise 's foibles .
Crucially , the LOTR scenario is n't a replacement for jokes , but the reason for them - and the writing is sharper than ever .
" Is that a hobbit ? " asks Fry .
" No , " replies Bender , " That 's just a hobo and a rabbit .
But they 're making a hobbit . "
Add a Gollum - inspired Shopping Channel skit , hordes of Morks instead of Orcs ( " Nanoo nan - aaaargh ! " ) and several subtle geek gags ( Gary Gygax is namechecked more than once ) and you 've got a solid hour 's worth of grade - A Futurama material , easily the equal of the show 's greatest moments .
Even the throwaway lines are gold ; Professor Farnsworth praying to " all - powerful Athiesmo " had me chuckling for hours .
Bender 's Game is a by - product of good writers sticking to what they know best - geeks writing about geeks for geeks .
It 's Futurama operating entirely in its comfort zone and a return to the values that made the show great in the first place .
There 's still no mention of the Fry and Leela saga - that 's odds on for a revival in film # 4 - and there 's still a nagging suspicion that a ruthless streak a la South Park might add some edge to a show that 's still playing it safe .
But who cares when the comedy is as effortlessly enjoyable as this ?
If Bender 's Big Score was a tentative first step into a new medium and Beast With A Billion Backs was a rare stumble , then Bender 's Game represents a huge leap for Futurama - it finally looks like its found its feet again .
That really is good news , everybody .
Extras A typically high quality package .
The cast and crew commentary is another crowded affair , with voice artists , animators and producers jostling for attention ( and engaging in some witty verbal sparring ) , plus there 's a neat featurette on the writers ' past experiences with D&D ( complete with a dissenting co-writer brandishing a baseball bat ) and the usual storyboards and animatics .
If you 've ever wanted to know how to draw your favourite Futurama characters , then the included tutorial will show you how .
The disc 's highlights are the ace Genetics Lab ( which renders any chosen combination of characters fused together ) and a faux anti-piracy ad , subtitled Downloading Often Is Terrible ( or D.O. I.T. for short ) .
Ali
Follow us on Twitter @ The_Shiznit for more fun features , film reviews and occasional commentary on what the best type of crisps are .
A report saying that Goldman Sachs was scaling back on plans for a bitcoin trading desk sparked a major pullback across the cryptocurrency world .
More
She scream like somebody attack her and daddy run to see what happened .
When he come near to her noticed that she was acting and piss off .
Daddy spank her and fuck roughly !
Views : 166343
NDP Leader Jack Layton urged Prime Minister Stephen Harper to call a special meeting for federal party leaders to discuss the potential effects of the U.S economic crisis on Canadians , but Harper has rejected the proposal .
" I'm asking him to convene a meeting of the leaders to be fully briefed on the issues involved by the expert officials … advising the government so that we can develop a sense of direction here , " he told Don Newman of CBC 's current affairs show Politics on Monday .
Since all party leaders are going to be in Ottawa for the televised French - and English - language debates on Wednesday and Thursday , Layton proposed they meet before then , possibly Wednesday afternoon .
Layton 's call came shortly after financial markets , including Toronto's , took a nosedive Monday in the wake of the U.S. House of Representatives voting down a $ 700 - billion US bill to bail out America 's financial industry .
Despite U.S. President George W. Bush pressing for the bill to be passed to stabilize markets , opponents balked at the price tag and the use of taxpayer dollars to help Wall Street .
Leaders will talk in debates : PM spokesman
But a spokesman for the prime minister ruled out a federal leaders ' meeting .
" The NDP , along with the other party leaders , will have an opportunity later this week to debate — not behind closed doors but in front of all Canadians — the issues at stake not [ just ] for our economy but for our country , " Kory Teneycke said after Harper 's campaign plane landed in Val D'Or , Que .
" The place to have these discussions is in front of the Canadian people , not behind closed doors . "
Liberal candidate Scott Brison said his party is not interested in a meeting unless the prime minister decides to hold one and took the opportunity to slam the Conservatives .
" This is not a prime minister who is interested in co-operation , " said Brison , who is running in Nova Scotia 's Kings - Hants riding and is the Liberals ' industry , science and technology critic .
Layton suggests financial update
Even though Parliament likely wo n't convene before November due to the Oct. 14 federal election , Layton said Canadians would be reassured if the leaders put politics aside to meet and issue a statement on the situation .
" We 're asking the prime minister to put that process in motion so that all the party leaders can try to give that sense of confidence that Canadians need to have as they think about their hard - earned savings , their pension plans and RSPs , their homes and their jobs , " said Layton .
The NDP leader said Harper could provide a financial update to the party leaders , by asking financial experts such as the governor of the Bank of Canada to brief them on the potential impact of the financial turmoil .
Party leaders could then discuss what steps could be taken to avoid problems similar to those in the U.S. , he said .
Asked whether Green party Leader Elizabeth May would be included , Layton said he had n't considered the possibility .
Layton also reiterated his party 's call for a top - to - bottom review of Canada 's financial structure to ensure adequate measures are in place to protect Canadians ' savings .
The French - language federal leaders ' debate is scheduled for 8 p.m. to 10 p.m. ET Wednesday while the English - language debate is to take place from 9 p.m. to 11 p.m. ET Thursday .
Feature Gallery
A Gallery of Bonsai by Nick Lenz
Discuss this gallery >>
Images and Compositions By Nick Lenz , USA
Nick Lenz is a crazy old hermit , not unlike Obi Wan Kenobi , who lives in the wooded hills of Massachusetts .
He 's also perhaps the best bonsai artist and potters in the United States .
His work exhibits a flair for the dramatic and many surprises await those who carefully examine his bonsai .
Deadwood may contain a demon 's face , root structure may resemble legs , and the bonsai may be planted on something ... different ; like a bowling ball .
Nonetheless , there is no mistaking the excellent craft and artistry in Nick 's work .
Please enjoy the images in Nick 's gallery .
Juniperus wiltoni
Juniperus chinensis ' Blue Rug '
Juniperus chinensis ' Blue Rug '
Ulmus parvifolia root - over - tank
Field Juniper
Larix laricina " Larch Alien Gobble "
Larix laricina with tank
Discuss this gallery >>
Profile : Nick Lenz >>
U.S. ARMY TROOPS TO SERVE AS U.S. POLICEMEN ?
By Chuck Baldwin
October 1 , 2008
NewsWithViews.com
According to the Army Times ( dated Tuesday , September 30 , 2008 ) , " Beginning Oct. 1 for 12 months , the 1st BCT [ Brigade Combat Team ] will be under the day - to - day control of U.S. Army North , the Army service component of Northern Command , as an on - call federal response force for natural or manmade emergencies and disasters , including terrorist attacks . "
The article continued by saying , " But this new mission marks the first time an active unit has been given a dedicated assignment to NorthCom , a joint command established in 2002 to provide command and control for federal homeland defense efforts and coordinate defense support of civil authorities .
" After 1st BCT finishes its dwell - time mission , expectations are that another , as yet unnamed , active - duty brigade will take over and that the mission will be a permanent one . "
The Times column also reported that the Army brigade " may be called upon to help with civil unrest and crowd control . . . "
It seems that the Army 's new domestic duties also include " traffic control " as well as subduing " unruly or dangerous individuals . "
The brigade will be known for the next year as a Consequence Management Response Force , or CCMRF ( pronounced " sea- smurf " ) .
I am assuming that the planners and promoters of this newfound function for the Army brigade envision the Army assisting local first responders in dealing with natural emergencies such as hurricanes , earthquakes , and the like .
Good intentions notwithstanding , to assign domestic police duties to the U.S. military is extremely disturbing .
To understand my concern for this new " homeland Army brigade , " it is important that we rehearse the principles of liberty as they relate to standing armies .
One of America 's most sacred principles has always been that the U.S. military was never to be used for domestic law enforcement .
The fear of standing armies ran very deep in the hearts and minds of America 's founders .
The tyranny and misery inflicted upon the colonies by British troops weighed heavily upon those who drafted our Constitution and Bill of Rights .
In their minds , the American people would never again be subjected to the heavy weight of army boots .
Furthermore , they insisted that America would have a civilian - - not military - - government .
And after the fiasco of the abuse of federal troops in the South following the War Between the States , the doctrine of Posse Comitatus was enacted into law .
The Wikipedia online encyclopedia says this about Posse Comitatus :
" The Act prohibits most members of the federal uniformed services ... from exercising nominally state law enforcement police or peace officer powers that maintain ' law and order ' on non-federal property .
. . .
" The statute generally prohibits federal military personnel and units of the United States National Guard under federal authority from acting in a law enforcement capacity within the United States , except where expressly authorized by the Constitution or Congress .
. . .
" The Posse Comitatus Act and the Insurrection Act substantially limit the powers of the federal government to use the military for law enforcement . "
The Posse Comitatus Act was passed in 1878 and was universally accepted as being a very just -- and extremely important -- law of the land .
Advertisement
But in 2006 , President George W. Bush pushed a Republican - controlled Congress to pass the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 , which included a section titled " Use of the Armed Forces in major public emergencies . "
This section provided that " The President may employ the armed forces to restore public order in any State of the United States the President determines .... "
In effect , this bill obliterated Posse Comitatus .
When the Democrat - controlled Congress passed the 2008 National Defense Authorization Act , however , the restrictions of Posse Comitatus were restored .
But when President Bush signed the Act into law , he attached a signing statement ( Executive Order ) indicating that the Executive Branch did not feel bound by the changes enacted by the repeal .
Translated : President Bush wiped out Posse Comitatus by Executive Order .
Now , just a few months after expunging Posse Comitatus , President Bush has authorized an Army brigade to be assigned the new role of dealing exclusively with domestic law enforcement and related duties .
This evokes serious questions .
Who will give the order to send U.S. troops against American civilians , and under what circumstances ?
What will the rules of engagement be ?
How will " unruly " and " dangerous " be defined ?
How will soldiers be asked to deal with " crowd " or " traffic " control ?
And perhaps the biggest question is ,
Once we begin to go down this road , where will it lead ?
For several years , the federal government has been accumulating to itself more and more authority that was historically understood to reside within the states and local communities .
More and more , our police departments have taken on the image and tactics of the armed forces .
And to a greater and greater degree , the rights and liberties of the American people are being sacrificed on the altar of " national security . "
It seems to me that to now ascribe law enforcement duties to the U.S.
Army only serves to augment the argument that America is fast approaching police state status .
If Hurricane Katrina is the template that our federal government is using as a model for future events , Heaven help us !
Do readers remember how National Guard troops were used to confiscate the personal firearms of isolated and vulnerable civilians shortly after that hurricane devastated the New Orleans area ?
Do you remember how representatives of the federal government were calling upon pastors and ministers to act as spokesmen for gun confiscation ?
Is this what the new Army brigade is preparing for ?
And do President Bush and his military planners envision an even broader role for military troops on American soil ?
Add to the above rumors of thousands of plastic caskets -- along with thousands of portable prison cells -- being shipped and stored across the country , and one is left to ask , Exactly what is it that our federal government is planning ?
I think there is an even bigger question , What exactly will members of our armed forces do if and when they are commanded to seize Americans ' firearms , arrest them at gun point , or even fire upon them ?
How many soldiers and Marines love liberty and constitutional government enough to resist such orders , should they be given ?
And how many officers would resist issuing such orders ?
Remember , it is the job of the armed forces to kill people and blow up things , not to do police work .
Then again , Presidential administrations from both major parties have been using the U.S. military as U.N. " peacekeepers " for decades now .
So , was all of this preparation for what is yet to take place in the United States ?
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
God forbid that any of the above should actually take place in our beloved land , but I believe it would be naïve to not see that the actions and attitudes of the federal government over the past several years do nothing to assuage such fears .
* If you enjoyed this column and want to help me distribute these editorial opinions to an ever - growing audience , donations may now be made by credit card , check , or Money Order .
Use this link .
* Disclaimer : I am currently a candidate for President of the United States on the Constitution Party ticket .
Click here for my official campaign web site .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan ( CNN ) --
The leader of Pakistan 's Taliban , Baitullah Mehsud , is dead from kidney failure , sources told CNN .
Baitullah Mehsud speaks to reporters in the tribal district of South Waziristan near the Afghan border in May .
The Pakistan government blamed Mehsud for the December 27 , 2007 , assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto .
An unnamed Islamabad - based source with connections within the Mehsud tribe in South Waziristan said Mehsud died about 1 a.m. Wednesday .
Military officials in the field confirmed to CNN that Mehsud had died .
Geo Television of Pakistan and other local stations also reported his death .
But some reports also had the Taliban denying Mehsud 's death .
Earlier reports said the leader of the Taliban in Pakistan was ill and was expected to die within a day .
Mehsud is said to have succumbed to kidney failure and was believed to be about 34 years old .
Mehsud denied involvement in Bhutto's assassination .
Do n't Miss Dinner plans save Pakistan 's rulers from hotel bomb
" We do n't strike women , " he said through a spokesman .
In his first television interview , conducted by Al - Jazeera last year , Mehsud said his ultimate aim was to attack New York and London , England .
In January , Spanish police said a cell of Pakistanis -- allegedly dispatched by Mehsud -- arrested in Barcelona was planning suicide operations in Spain and possibly elsewhere in Europe .
He led thousands of militants in South Waziristan , the mountainous region of northwest Pakistan that borders Afghanistan and where the Taliban and al Qaeda are active .
Mehsud 's death would leave a power vacuum within the Mehsud tribe and the Pakistani Taliban , analysts say .
Since there was no second in command of the Mehsud tribe , tribal splits are expected .
Mehsud 's death also is expected to spark a power struggle and the appointment of a new Taliban leader in Pakistan , but whoever replaces Mehsud is not expected to have as much influence and control in the region .
All About Pakistan • Baitullah Mehsud
It 's Fun To Do Bad Things
A self described bad boy 's guide to bad things
— John Kemp is a Reuters columnist .
The opinions expressed are his own —
Despite a promising start , the U.S. experiment with renewable fuels is facing a serious challenge next year .
Falling gasoline consumption , lower pump prices and contradictions within the federal government program are intensifying existing pressures on ethanol distillers and farmers already struggling to cope with over - capacity and collapsing margins .
ETHANOL ENTHUSIASM
Between 2000 and 2007 , production of fuel ethanol quadrupled from 1.6 billion to 6.5 billion gallons , and the industry is on course to distill a record 9.3 billion gallons in 2008 .
Ethanol production is not really economic at oil prices below about $ 60 - 70 per barrel ( prices of grains and fats for ethanol conversion and processing costs are too high relative to oil ) .
So the original boost to ethanol came from its use as an oxygenating additive in reformulated gasoline , rather than as fuel in its own right , when a number of states banned the use of MTBE .
As oil prices breached $ 50 in late 2004 and continued to climb steadily higher over the next four years , ethanol ’s properties as a fuel suddenly became more attractive .
Blenders began to use ethanol as a cheaper ( partial ) substitute for conventional oil - derived blendstocks in making gasoline .
Prompted by national security concerns and encouraged by lobbyists for the farm sector , U.S. legislators tried to accelerate the use of ethanol by mandating a minimum ethanol content for all gasoline produced or imported into the United States .
The centerpiece of the government ’s intervention is the Renewable Fuel Standard ( RFS ) which sets a steadily increasing minimum volume of ethanol that must be blended into the nationwide gasoline supply each year .
The original RFS set out in the 2005 Energy Policy
Act was relatively modest — requiring blenders to incorporate 4 billion gallons of ethanol into the fuel supply in 2006 , rising to 5.4 billion gallons in 2008 and 7.5 billion gallons by 2012 .
But as soaring crude oil prices intensified concerns about energy dependence , the 2007 Energy Security and Independence Act imposed a set of much more ambitious targets .
The RFS blending target for 2008 was almost doubled to 9 billion gallons , rising to almost 13 billion gallons in 2010 and to an extraordinary 36 billion gallons in 2022 ( see chart https://customers.reuters.com/d/graphics/US_ETH1108.gif).
WORSENING ECONOMICS
Most attention has focused on the role of the RFS , but surging oil prices were probably more important in supporting ethanol .
RFS is designed to stimulate investment in the production facilities and distribution infrastructure needed for ethanol by guaranteeing a minimum level of demand for the fuel irrespective of oil prices .
But over the last three years , RFS has never been binding .
On a purely voluntary basis , gasoline blenders have always used more ethanol than the required minimum because increasingly high oil prices made ethanol an attractive fuel in its own right .
RFS mandated 4 billion gallons of ethanol in 2006 , but blenders actually used 4.9 billion .
It mandated 4.7 billion in 2007 , when blenders actually used 5.7 billion ( an extra billion gallons or 22 percent ) .
The apparent success of the ethanol industry on a voluntary basis because of favorable economics was one reason why legislators felt comfortable about amending the RFS to include more ambitious targets in 2007 .
But as oil has tumbled below $ 70 per barrel , ethanol no longer looks competitive .
On current trends , blenders will use 9.26 billion gallons of ethanol in 2008 , just 260 million gallons or 3 percent above the RFS - mandated minimum of 9 billion gallons .
Unless oil prices rise substantially from current levels , the RFS is set to become binding for the first time in 2009 .
Gasoline blenders will have to use 11.1 billion gallons of ethanol because that is what the law tells them , not because it makes economic sense .
OBLIGATIONS AND CREDITS
In practice , RFS is expressed as a percentage requirement imposed on each gasoline refiner and importer to buy a specified volume of ethanol ( or tradable credits ) in proportion to their production / import volume – thereby ensuring the total quantity of ethanol used each year meets the mandated target .
The Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) uses total forecast gasoline consumption in the United States for the coming year ( sourced from the October edition of the Energy Information Administration ’s Short Term Energy Outlook ) and adjusts it for gasoline consumption in Alaska ( not currently included in the RFS requirement ) ; production by small refineries and refiners ( not subject to RFS until 2011 ) ; and the quantity of ethanol that has to be incorporated into the gasoline mix ( there is no requirement to blend ethanol into itself ) .
EPA divides the total mandated ethanol volume into the adjusted gasoline supply to publish the percentage RFS requirement for the coming year .
Each gasoline refiner and importer must purchase sufficient ethanol ( or tradable credits from others blending more than the minimum ) to meet this ratio .
So far , ethanol credits have been cheap ( trading at around 3 - 6 cents per gallon in 2008 ) .
However , if oil prices fall further , and RFS becomes binding , the price of credits will have to rise to give blenders an incentive to use at least the mandated minimum volume .
THE BLENDING WALL
Ethanol is a good but not perfect substitute for gasoline .
It has around 66 percent of the energy content of regular gasoline .
Almost all ethanol is sold is sold in a 90 - 10 gasoline - ethanol blend known as E10 and is the limit that can be used in regular motor vehicles under existing manufacturer warranties .
A tiny percentage is sold in a 15 - 85 blend known as E85 that can only be used in vehicles with specially designed engines .
As a practical matter , the amount of ethanol that can be blended into the general gasoline supply is capped at around 10 percent of the total or about 10 - 14 billion gallons per year – known as the “ blending wall ” .
For 2008 , EPA set the RFS obligation for refiners and importers at 7.76 percent , based on the need to blend 9 billion gallons of ethanol into forecast gasoline consumption of 144.5 billion gallons or 116 billion gallons after adjustments .
In the event , gasoline demand has proved much weaker than forecast .
Without voluntary blending above the required amount in the first half of the year owing to high oil prices , the 7.76 percent blending requirement would not have been high enough to ensure 9 billion gallons were used .
On Nov. 14 , EPA published an RFS for 2009 of 10.21 percent , based on the need to blend an even higher volume of ethanol ( 11.1 billion gallons ) into a diminished amount of gasoline consumption ( 139 billion gallons , or 109 billion gallons after adjustments ) .
The industry is now very close to hitting the blending wall .
This was always going to happen , given the much more ambitious RFS volume obligations in the 2007 law .
It was never going to be possible to blend 20.5 billion gallons into the gasoline supply by 2015 without much wider uptake of E85 vehicles or other modifications of the U.S car fleet .
But the unprecedented cyclical reduction in gasoline demand has brought the blending wall much closer .
CONSTRAINTS BITE
In fact , the gasoline industry is now trapped in a vice .
Low oil prices are discouraging ethanol blending ( RFS becomes binding ) while slumping gasoline demand is tightening the technological constraints ( the blending wall approaches faster ) .
Blending credits look set to become more expensive , as gasoline refiners and importers have to start paying far more to make it worthwhile to blend 11.1 billion gallons into the fuel supply next year at low oil prices .
Meanwhile , the limits of the system could prevent any more ethanol being blended for technological reasons .
The RFS requirement for 2009 looks achievable , but 13 billion gallons in 2010 and 14 billion gallons in 2011 may be impractical unless the car fleet changes .
The looming wall explains why ethanol advocates are pushing the incoming Obama administration to set a much higher blend rate than E10 , reaching E15 or E20 , and require motor manufacturers to start redesigning cars to take much higher blends and produce a higher proportion of E85 - enabled Flex Fuel Vehicles ( FFVs ) as a condition of any financial rescue package .
Want to Debate ?
Send your Great Debate submissions to debate@thomsonreuters.com .
By Billy Metcalf
© 2000
Billy Metcalf brain tans for a living in the back woods of British Columbia ( his contact info is in our Tanners Directory ) .
I ’ve been brain - tanning deer hides for about fifteen years .
I collect about 150 hides a year , mostly from meat cutters who cut wild game for hunters .
Some I get directly from the hunters themselves .
Most of the hides that I get are skinned well , but could be better , a few are excellent and a few are sliced up and worthless .
Unfortunately the man who showed me how to efficiently take a hide off a deer has retired now .
He was great to watch .
He used his whole body to do it : his hands , his elbows , his knees , even his feet .
He told me , that as a meat cutter who gets paid by the pound for cut and wrapped meat , his main concerns when skinning were to get it done fast and to leave as much meat on the animal as possible .
And for me as a tanner his hides were great to work with because he pulled the hide off — instead of cutting it off with a knife .
Which means a clean hide with no knife marks or holes .
The two main points I want to make are :
where to make the cuts so that you get the best usable shape when the hide is tanned .
how to separate the hide from the meat without using a knife .
Getting Started
This first picture shows a Mule deer hanging , ready to be skinned .
Before hanging , the deer was field dressed and the lower part of the back legs were cut off below the main joint with a meat saw and the skin pealed back to expose the big leg tendon that we hang the deer from .
Then after the deer was hung , the incision from the field dressing was extended up past the throat .
The breast bone and wind pipe were removed to facilitate cooling the meat .
The lower part of the front legs were removed at the knee joint as well .
Photo # 2 shows where to make the incision on the back legs .
Start at the anus or just below , and cut right up the line where the hair changes color to the tendon that the deer is hung from .
Then repeat on the other leg .
Starting to Pull
Now put your knife away .
The next step is to peal the skin back from the inside of the back leg and all the way down the length of the belly and chest incision ( photo # 3 ) .
Make sure that you have the skin separated from the meat .
Be particularly careful where the arrow is pointing .
The meat really wants to stay with the skin here , now is the time to separate them .
Photo # 4 shows both sides pealed back and separated from the meat , all along the length of the belly incision up to the chest between the front legs .
Now turn the deer around and peal the skin back from the outside of the back legs to just below the tail like in photo # 5 .
Wrap your fingers tightly around the base of the tail and slide them out to the end of the tail , pushing the skin off the end in front of your fingers .
Either the tail will turn inside out and come off the bone or it will stay right side out like in photo # 6 .
You do n’t need to split the tail skin first .
You can do that very easily later .
Again keep an eye on the area where the arrow is to be sure the meat is n’t sticking to the hide .
Pulling the Hide
Now we ’re ready to make some serious progress .
Two good pulls and we ’re at photo # 7 .
See how cleanly that hide is coming off .
A couple more pulls and we ’re around the front shoulders .
Now separate the hide from the meat along the edges of the incision going up towards the neck until you ’re at least past the front legs a few inches .
Work the hide loose from around the shoulders like in photo # 8 .
Then pull the leg inside out until it comes off the end of the front leg like in photo # 9 .
Some people put their foot in there like a stirrup and stand on it to peal the front leg off .
Remember we have n’t made any cuts on the front legs , they ’re still in tubes .
Now work the hide free up the neck to the base of the ears and cut it off .
All of the meat is on the animal .
Some people might think that the flank meat is no good but it makes good hamburger an sausage .
If you ’re a meat cutter who cuts 200 deer in a season , you could get an extra 200 lbs of meat , or more , by skinning clean and leaving that meat on the animal .
( photo # 10 ) .
Cutting the Front Legs Open .
In photo # 11 we see the hide as it came off the deer .
We need to turn the front legs right side out now ( photo # 12 ) … .
…. and then open them up by sliding our knife up the front of the inside of the leg .
( photos # 13 and # 14 ) .
The line I ’ve drawn in the picture shows where the cut will go across to meet the chest incision .
Try to match the cut on the other leg to make the hide symmetrical .
Now is the time to split the tail and trim off any little bits that may be sticking out more than you want .
The Results
Photo # 15 shows the finished skin ready to be salted or frozen or tanned .
Not much fleshing to do here .
The time it took to skin this deer was 15 minutes , including stopping to take the pictures .
Common Mistakes
Before I leave you , I ’d like to point out a few of the mistakes I see people make when skinning that make the difference between a good hide and a really nice hide .
First , a lot of people will make the incision on the back leg where I ’ve put the black line in photo # 16 .
This is probably because it ’s easier to reach when the deer is hanging than making the cut up the back of the leg .
What that does is make an irregular edge along the bottom and it puts about three or four inches of thin , weak skin along the bottom of the hide .
Although this is n’t a huge problem , if you frame soften your buckskin those holes along the bottom will be much more likely to tear out while you ’re stretching the hide .
Next , many good skinners will not get this area ( photo # 17 ) separated good enough before they really start pulling the hide .
Then they will go back with a knife to separate it after the meat has already started to come off with the hide .
The skin is very thin here and a knife score is very likely to be a hole by the time the hide is tanned .
This last mistake is very common , even with otherwise excellent skinners .
Many people will cut the front legs up the back , like I ’ve shown with the black line in photo # 16 .
I guess they are making the cut while the deer is hanging , before they pull the hide off , and this is the easier side of the leg to get at .
What this does is create a large indentation just behind the front legs that gives the hide a sort of hourglass shape , like the hide in Photo # 18 .
The skin is weak here and many times I ’ve had the skin start to tear here when wringing the hide .
I ’ve never had a hide tear from wringing that was cut farther forward on the front leg .
If you want to cut the front legs before skinning , it ’s best to do it before you hang the deer .
After you remove the lower leg , cut up along the inside of the front of the leg from the knee joint , to where the leg meets the chest .
Then cut straight across the chest , making sure the cuts from either side meet in the middle .
Conclusion
This method of skinning will save you time and effort at the fleshing beam , and give you hides that will roll up smaller to put in the freezer or store better salted .
It ’ll give you the most usable square footage per hide , as well as putting the most meat in your freezer from each deer .
Compare the shape of this hide ( the one I skinned in the article ) , to photo # 18 .
This is the shape I like !
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Miming at live performances could be banned from next year , China 's ministry of culture has announced .
Singers who lip - synch or musicians who pretend to play their instruments twice or more in a two - year period , face having their business licences revoked .
Only professional performers will be covered , which will presumably mean the country 's most celebrated case of faking it - at the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympics - would be exempt .
Nine - year - old Lin Miaoke was lauded around the world for her performance of Ode to the Motherland at the event .
But it later emerged she was miming to a recording made by Yang Peiyi , aged seven .
Officials replaced the younger girl because they judged Miaoke more photogenic .
Sun Qiuxia , from the ministry , said it will consult with the public over the next few weeks , before agreeing final details of new rules on commercial performances .
Zheng Jun , a singer who became famous in the late 80s , told Shanghai - based paper Noon News , less than 20 % of stars actually sang at their " live " shows .
" I really do n't know what sort of an industry I 'm involved in , " he said .
" I once met a well - known singer at a show who did n't even recognise his song as it was playing , because it had been so long since he'd truly performed it . "
New rules will also ban performers from accepting money for charity events .
Posting links to you from the outer orbit .
Games , movies , art , pictures , news and walkthroughs …
By Dave Hitt on Nov 28 , 2008 in Atheism , Featured , Pop Culture
I deal with Christmas differently than most atheists .
I celebrate it .
I put up lights and a tree and give gifts and say “ Merry Christmas ” and mean it .
I ’ve played Santa Claus on several occasions , with the full costume , enjoyed it , and will probably do it again .
Devout Christians rail against how secular the holiday has become .
I ’m delighted with it .
There is no Christ in my Christmas .
it is a purely secular for me .
My decorations do n’t include a crèche or a bloody crucifix .
There are a couple of angel ornaments in the tree , but there are also unicorns and a swinging Spiderman who are just as real .
I ’m sure some psychologist would link my delight in a secular Christmas to my childhood .
I was raised in a fundy cult that did n’t celebrate Christmas ( or Easter , or birthdays , or any other holiday that might result in some fun or joy ) .
Christmas was a horrible time for my sister and me .
All our non-cult friends talked endlessly about the cool toys they got , while we sat silent and dejected .
When we were asked “ What did you get for Christmas ” we had to answer “ We do n’t celebrate it . ”
“ But do n’t you believe in Christ ? ” “ Yes we do , but … ” and then we ’d try to change the subject , embarrassed more than any little kid should be .
My grandparents , on my mother ’s side , always gave us presents around then , and we loved them for it .
It was a delicious taste of what we were missing .
My wife is more of an agnostic , while I ’m a hard core atheist , but there was never any question about raising our kids without Christmas .
We never even discussed it .
We relished their anticipation .
We loved their excitement as they ripped open their presents .
And yes , we did the whole Santa thing with them .
She did n’t want to deprive them of the fun and I figured learning the truth would contribute to them developing a mil - spec bullshit detector .
Now they ’re adults and we all celebrate and enjoy a Christ - less Christmas .
I do n’t like everything that goes with it .
I hate the commercials , but I have Tivo and listen to podcasts instead of the radio , so they ’re not much of a problem .
( There should be a $ 10,000 fine for every commercial that uses the trite theme “ Where Santa Shops . ”
Anyone who uses the actual phrase should be fined a cool million . )
I hate Christmas music too .
I worked in retail for years , and hearing the same ten songs blasted in an endless loop all day will do that to you .
But I like most of the other things that go with the holiday .
I like looking at decorated houses while driving down the road or walking through the neighborhood .
I like the tree full of ornaments and flashing lights .
( I ’m easily entertained by shiny things . )
I love giving and receiving gifts .
I like the kids who come caroling at my door .
I always tell them I ’ll give them more if they sing “ Grandma Got Run Over By a Reindeer . ”
They always want to , and their parents , standing in the background , always forbid it , which I find entertaining .
To those who would call me a hypocrite , I say , “ Fine , call me a hypocrite .
I ’ve been called much worse , and if I was worried about other people ’s opinion of me I would n’t be so open about being an atheist . ”
If some of my fellow atheists are offended by it that ’s their problem , not mine .
If theists think it ’s sacrilegious or a sin , that ’s OK too .
Sacrilege and sin are n’t real things in my world , so again , it ’s not my problem .
One of the great joys of atheism is freedom .
I am free to do whatever I like as long as it does n’t hurt someone else .
The way I celebrate Christmas hurts no one , and my non-theistic family enjoys it immensely .
I know many atheists who eschew anything having to do with religious holidays , and that ’s fine too .
I have the utmost respect for their decision to divorce themselves from the fantasy and nonsense holidays are built around .
But I ’ve chosen a different approach , one that ’s right for me .
I ’m writing this late at night , right after celebrating Thanksgiving .
There was no giving of thanks , just a big meal we all worked on , then stuffed ourselves with .
Just like Christmas , there was no religious component at all , it was simply a chance for us to cook together , then eat together while listening to “ Alice ’s Restaurant . ”
It ’s not a proper Thanksgiving without Arlo in the background talking about twenty seven eight - by - ten color glossy photographs with circles and arrows and a paragraph on the back of each one .
Then we vegged out in the living room and watched one of our favorite movies : A Christmas Story .
A senior American military official , however , said United States military helicopters were not involved in the incident .
Image
The United States is trying to negotiate a strategic agreement with Iraq that would allow American troops to remain in the country and carry out military operations .
The pact faces strenuous opposition from neighboring countries , especially Syria and Iran , because of fears that the United States might use Iraqi territory to carry out attacks on them .
The United States has no diplomatic relations with Iran and has withdrawn its ambassador to Syria .
Also late Sunday , an Iraqi lawmaker announced that the country ’s oil and gas law had been sent on to Parliament .
The law had been stalled in Iraq ’s cabinet since February 2007 because of disputes over control of Iraq ’s oil fields , and has gone through several revisions .
Abdul - Hadi al - Hasani , deputy chairman of the parliamentary committee on oil , gas and natural resources , said the latest draft of the law had been received by his committee on Thursday and was undergoing careful review before being presented to the full legislature .
“ The draft still needs more discussion and the opinion of experts in this field before it really goes to the Parliament , ” Mr. Hasani said in a telephone interview .
“ We wish to activate the law very soon , and we ’re serious about it .
We talked today with the parliamentary leadership and went through some points concerning the draft of the law . ”
* Illustration : Martin Woodtli * __With a new book on bugs , E.O. Wilson reignites the superorganism debate .
__Today , E. O. Wilson is thinking small .
He wants an ants - only conversation .
Usually the Harvard biologist engages in big - think — ideas that have shaken up biology , evolutionary theory , psychology , and more , often embroiling him in heated debates and controversies .
The hottest was after the publication of his 1975 book Sociobiology : The New Synthesis .
His theories on genetic determinism got him tagged as a social Darwinist ( technically accurate ) and , worse , a crypto - fascist ( not so much ) .
But right now butter would n't melt in his mouth .
In November , he and Bert Hölldobler are publishing a monumental sequel to their Pulitzer - winning 1990 best seller , The Ants , and Wilson says he does n't want any trouble .
Really ?
Because there 's controversy right there in the book 's title : The Superorganism .
It seems Wilson 's troublemaking days are far from over .
Wilson and Hölldobler first explored the concept of superorganisms in The Ants .
Could large groups of animals function together as a single entity with distributed intelligence ?
Did evolution work through such groups , selecting at the group level rather than the individual ?
The implications were staggering , not only for bugs but also for humans .
Group evolution meant that altruism and self - sacrifice — i.e. , morality — might be as much a part of our genetic heritage as hair and eye color .
Many prominent biologists , led by Richard Dawkins , author of The Selfish Gene , said no , there was no such thing as a superorganism : Evolution worked on the genes of self - serving individuals only , not groups .
But the idea struck a chord outside the biological sphere .
It became a powerful meme among computer geeks , as any Google search reveals .
Programmers got to work building " ant - based " search and scheduling - optimization algorithms modeled on the foraging patterns of real - world ants .
Cybervisionaries saw in the superorganism an ideal way of describing the networked global brain that they were just beginning to imagine .
The idea meant the singularity might be nearer than anyone thought .
Wired 's Kevin Kelly drew on Wilson 's theories for the conceptual framework of the Hive Mind , humanity 's emerging cognitive interconnectedness .
Even today , Kelly is writing about the One Machine and the Technium , a neologism he defines as " a superorganism of technology . "
The Ants became a hard - science blockbuster , probably with more buyers than actual readers , like Hawking 's A Brief History of Time .
This time around , Wilson and Hölldobler have seemingly irrefutable proof that superorganisms exist .
The new book is even more dense and less accessible to the layperson , but the renewed controversy will help sell it .
Not only will it reignite the war with Dawkins , but it will also breathe new life into the beloved geek meme .
Expect the term superorganism to start popping up again in every discussion of Web evolution .
Mechanical Turk ?
Wikipedia ?
Hello !
Kelly is a bit disappointed with The Superorganism — " It 's very ant -y , " he says — because it does n't explicitly address the application of social - insect insights to human pursuits .
Wilson prefers to leave that to others .
For now .
When I press him on how the lessons from the pheromone - based ant language apply to humans using asynchronous messaging across social networks , he flicks me away as one might an ant crawling up their lapel .
That 'll all be covered in his next book ( working title : * The Forces of Social Evolution *
Play Previous : Contest : Make Art From Starbuck 's Junk Next : Scott Brown on Facebook Friendonomics Q&A : John Hodgman on Perfecting the Illusion of Expertise
How to Get Published and Avoid Alien Bloodsuckers
Star Power : Why Fusion Proves Elusive
Earth to Aliens : We 're a Bunch of Dorks
Lieberman expresses fears of Dem majority in Senate RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday November 4 , 2008
Print This Email This Update at bottom : Thursday is Liebermans ' day of reckoning '
Senator Joseph Lieberman ( I - CT ) expressed fears to radio host Glenn Beck of a Democratic majority in the Senate .
Senator Chuck Schumer ( D - NY ) expressed his optimism on Sunday for a number of Democratic Senate seats reaching near 60 , but was n't as confident about the filibuster - proof supermajority .
The story was reported Tuesday by ThinkProgress .
" Senator Hatch said to me that if we do n't at least have the firewall of the filibuster in the Senate , that in many ways , America will not survive , " said Beck on Tuesday .
" I hope it 's not like that , but I fear , " the Senator said .
" I think the filibuster is key ... It was really put there ... somebody said to me when I first came to the Senate , ' [ to ] stop the passions of a moment ' among the people of America from sweeping across the Congress , the House , through the Senate , to a like - minded president and having us do things that will change America for a long time . "
Thursday is Liebermans ' day of reckoning '
Thursday will be Senator Lieberman 's " day of reckoning , " according to a Capitol Hill paper .
" Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) is scheduled to meet with Sen. Joe Lieberman ( ID - Conn . ) on Thursday to discuss his future in the Senate Democratic Conference , according to a Democratic Senate source , " Tim Taylor reports for Roll Call .
Taylor notes that " a growing number of Senate Democrats have been pressuring Reid to penalize Lieberman for aggressively backing Republican Sen.
John McCain ( Ariz . ) in this years presidential contest , " and that his chairmanship of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee and his place in the Democratic Conference are both " at stake . "
" It remains unclear what Reid will say in his upcoming meeting with Lieberman , but Democrats believe he is inching toward at least wresting the Homeland Security gavel from him .
Lieberman , who sides with Democrats on most issues except the war in Iraq , became one of McCains most ardent allies and one of President - elect Obamas vocal critics this presidential season , " the report continues .
Lieberman released a statement on Wednesday congratulating Obama .
" I sincerely congratulate President - elect Obama for his historic and impressive victory .
America remains a nation of extraordinary opportunity and the American people are a people of extraordinary fairness , " Lieberman wrote .
" Now that the election is over , it is time to put partisan considerations aside and come together as a nation to solve the difficult challenges we face and make our blessed land stronger and safer .
I pledge to work with President - elect Obama and his incoming administration in their efforts to reinvigorate our economy and keep our nation secure and free . "
Full Roll Call article at this link .
The following audio is from The Glenn Beck Program , broadcast on November 4 , 2008 .
Download audio
For two long , ridiculous years , I had covered this campaign — if by “ covered ” you mean “ wrote stupid jokes about these terrible people , every day , for a Web site . ”
Now was not the time to give up and watch history on a cheap wall monitor over a concession booth .
As somebody important introduced the nominee , I politely muscled through the crowd and squeezed into a spot on a high upper deck .
Everybody was standing and waving their complimentary American flags and “ Change ” signs , so I could n’t see much beyond a dot of humanity way down there behind a tiny lectern , on a little round stage ringed with mouse - size American flags .
Nobody else up here could see much , either .
We all alternated between glancing down at the field , peering across the stadium to a distant video display and turning around to stare at the monstrous jumbo screen right behind us .
I mostly watched the big screen and the people watching it .
It was weird , turning our backs on the real Obama so we could see him better , but it seemed important to see every pixel .
We had all come so far for this communal experience : standing together , facing backward in the cheap seats , looking at a monster moving picture of the Democratic nominee that was n’t quite synced up with his deep and serious voice .
Critics of political conventions say that reporters should stay home , that there ’s nothing you ca n’t see better at home on the couch .
They were wrong , at least on this night in Denver , where watching the screen with 79,999 other people was the whole point .
KEN LAYNE ( blogger , Wonkette )
ROCKET MAN
I saw a clip on the Internet of that Swiss dude , Yves Rossy , who made himself a jet pack and then flew it around like some kind of European awesome guy !
If you have n’t seen it , just imagine if Iron Man and a Stealth bomber had a baby and decided to raise it in Switzerland to be a bald dude .
The jet pack , much like the video phone , has always been on my childhood list of things I ’ve been waiting for .
And now , they ’re both here .
The future has arrived !
Which raises the question :
How long till I can get a decent robot ?
I do n’t want any of those big white clunkers I ’ve seen rolling around .
I want a robot that I can really use .
One that can entertain guests with political trivia and lend me money for late - night cab rides .
Get it together , robot makers .
I ’ve also been enjoying “ The Wire ” on DVD .
ANDY SAMBERG ( writer and performer , “ Saturday Night Live ” )
LION HEART
Christian the Lion was a little lion cub that two young guys saw on sale at Harrods in London in 1969 , back when department stores sold these kinds of things .
They took him back to their flat , where he got into their sock drawers and played with balls of string .
They befriended a vicar who let them use a local churchyard as a playground for the cub , and at the beginning of the video ( which someone pulled out of an old British documentary and posted on YouTube last summer ) there ’s Super 8 footage of them frolicking about .
Then text appears on the screen explaining that once Christian got too big , the boys had to take him to Africa to be with his own kind .
A year later they decided to go visit him , even though they were warned that Christian had become a full - grown lion with a pride of his own and would n’t remember them and would perhaps attack them if they went .
They went anyway , these two tall , floppy - haired guys whom I admit I am seriously crushed out on , and the next thing you see is this grainy footage of them standing in the African sand , calling Christian ’s name silently , because there ’s no sound .
Oh , and I ’m sorry , did I forget to mention that Whitney Houston ’s “ I Will Always Love You ” is playing in the background , and that as you see Christian appear and are still unsure what ’s going to happen ( my friend Heather was convinced she was going to witness the two boys ’ deaths ; she could n’t understand why else I was freaking out so much when I made her watch it ) you hear Whitney sing , “ I wish you joy and happiness , but above all this , I wish you lo-uh - ove , ” and then Christian is running toward the boys , leaping onto his hind legs ( “ Watch out ! ” Heather screamed at this part ) and the music is all , “ And I will alll - ways love you , ” and you see that Christian not only remembers them but that he loves them , dearly , desperately , he is hugging them with his enormous lion paws ?
And one of the guys , who looks a lot like a young Roger Daltrey , actually , has this huge smile on his face and you can see him choke back a sob .
It ’s just the most solid reason I ’ve seen yet for why the Internet should exist .
By the way , the video is n’t nearly as effective without the Whitney Houston song .
I ’ve tried watching it both ways and , really , you need the song in order to experience the full - blown effect .
STARLEE KINE ( radio producer and author )
LOST DOG
I rarely watch the local news .
It ’s too parody - ready ; its best hope is that some part of it will end up on YouTube .
Local news covers what ’s actually nearby , but these days technology makes everything feel nearby , whether it really is or not .
The notion of proximity is distorted — everything exists now in the same sphere : nowhere .
Recently the local television news in Portland , Ore. , showed a picture of a yellow Labrador retriever mix named Molly being hugged by a young boy .
Dogs do n’t really like to be hugged but will often tolerate it from people they know .
The boy ’s arms were tight around Molly ’s thin neck .
I bet she wriggled away right after the photo was taken and got a drink of water .
The photo was faded , the happiness in it all used up .
Then they showed a video of Molly ’s backyard , and we saw the area where her owners buried Molly alive after trying unsuccessfully to “ euthanize ” her with a hammer .
The grave was sandy , unsteady , the kind you might , as a kid , put an action figure in to hide it from a grabby sibling .
Her owners buried her to her neck but kept Molly ’s head above ground .
Were they worried she would n’t have enough air ?
Neighbors heard the dog crying and called the police .
Molly was taken to the Humane Society where , mercifully , she was put to sleep .
Next they interviewed Molly ’s owners , a father and daughter .
The daughter wore a gold cross around her neck .
The man was almost 80 .
His hair looked like a Q - Tip , the generic kind that has a little less fluff on top .
He was wearing striped overalls , and I wished I could turn the volume off and pretend this was a story about trains .
He claimed he thought the dog was dead when he left for dinner .
Was he going out to eat ?
Did he have an appetite ?
The newscaster voice - over said Molly had been in bad shape ; she was 13 years old and losing hair and she was defecating in the house .
The father and daughter feared that if they took Molly into a veterinarian ’s office to be put down , they might be accused of animal abuse .
That , they tell us , is when the father took matters into his own hands .
Local news reminds us that what we search for in the distance , to gawk at or shrink away from , is also right outside our door .
Molly ’s story made me want to tear myself away from the screen and unearth all that is being kept hidden close to home .
The simple razor clam has inspired a new MIT robot that could lead to a " smart " anchor that burrows through the ocean floor to reposition itself and could even reverse , making it easier to recover .
The so - called RoboClam is being developed to explore the performance capabilities of clam - inspired digging , as well as to shed light on the behavior of the real animal .
" Our original goal was to develop a lightweight anchor that you could set then easily unset , something that 's not possible with conventional devices , " said Anette " Peko " Hosoi , an associate professor in the Department of Mechanical Engineering whose collaborators on the work are Amos Winter , a graduate student in her lab , and engineers at Bluefin Robotics Corp .
Such devices could be useful , for example , as tethers for small robotic submarines that are routinely repositioned to monitor variables such as currents and temperature .
Further , a device that can burrow into the seabed and be directed to a specific location could also be useful as a detonator for buried underwater mines .
Winter presented the team 's latest results Nov. 23 at a meeting of the American Physical Society .
For several years , Hosoi's research has focused on novel propulsion mechanisms inspired by nature .
So when faced with the anchor problem , " We thought , 'is there an animal that 's well adapted to moving through sediments on the seafloor ?
'" The first stage of the research , Winter said , involved " looking at all the organisms I could find that dig into the ocean bottom , stick to it or cling to it mechanically .
"
He found what the researchers dub the Ferrari of underwater diggers : the razor clam .
The animals , about seven inches long by an inch wide , " can go about a centimeter a second , so you have to dig fast to catch them , " said Winter , who became a licensed clam digger as a result of the research .
Another reason razors make a good model for novel anchors : they can dig deeply ( up to about 70 centimeters ) .
Plus , in a measure of anchoring force , or how hard you pull before an anchor rips out of the soil compared to the energy required to embed the anchor , " razor clams beat everything , including the best anchors , by at least a factor of 10 , " Winter said .
Research subject in hand , one of the team 's first tests gave perplexing results .
They pushed a clam shell cast in epoxy into " sand " composed of glass beads , and compared the amount of force necessary to do so to what the living animal is capable of .
They found a major discrepancy between the two .
" They 're much too weak to do what they do , " Hosoi said .
" So we knew they were doing something tricky .
" To find out what , Winter created a glass - sided box filled with water and beads , added a living clam , and watched the animal burrow .
It turns out to be a multi-step process .
The animal 's tongue - like " foot " wiggles down into the sand , then the animal makes a quick up - and - down movement accompanied by opening and closing its shell .
Together these movements propel it .
By filming the movement of the beads , Winter made a startling discovery .
The clam 's quick up - and - down , opening - and - closing movements turn the waterlogged " sand " around it into a liquid - like quicksand .
Experiments showed that " moving through a fluidized substrate [ the quicksand ] rather than a packed granular medium [ ordinary sand ] drastically reduces the drag force on the clam 's body , bringing it to a point within the animal 's strength capabilities , " Winter reported .
Over the past summer , Winter completed the RoboClam itself .
Although only about the size of a lighter , it is supported by a large apparatus of pressure regulators , pistons and more that control such things as how hard the robot is pushed in each direction .
" Right now we 're getting it up and running " for tests , Winter said .
Among them , " we want to use RoboClam to verify the theory we 've generated to describe how to dig like a clam .
" This work was sponsored by Bluefin , Battelle and Chevron .
A version of this article appeared in MIT Tech Talk on December 3 , 2008 ( download PDF )
DENVER 
With the final week of campaigning ahead , Senator Barack Obama redoubled his efforts to tie Senator John McCain to the Bush administration by seizing on Mr. McCain ’s remark Sunday that he shared a “ common philosophy ” with the president .
“ I guess that was John McCain finally giving us a little straight talk , and owning up to the fact that he and George Bush actually have a whole lot in common , ” Mr. Obama said at a rally here .
“ Here ’s the thing , we know what the Bush - McCain philosophy looks like .
It ’s a philosophy that says we should give more and more to millionaires and billionaires and hope that it trickles down on everyone else . ”
As Mr. Obama returned to the city where he accepted the Democratic nomination two months ago , he drew tens of thousands of people to an outdoor plaza as he sought to solidify his support in a critical western battleground .
He is set to present a new closing argument to voters on Monday in Ohio .
In Iowa , Mr. McCain acknowledged on Sunday that he was “ a few points down , ” but said the race was tightening and sought to remind voters that he , too , would bring change to Washington .
The Cabaret Voltaire
Let me tell you about my 2nd favorite art movement -- Dada .
I am currently sitting in the Cabaret Voltaire , where in 1916 a group of young rebels formed this movement .
The key players were Trystan Tzara , Andre Breton , Jean Arp , Hugo Ball , Sophie Tauber , most of whom were veterans or refugees from WWI .
They were so disgusted by what they had seen during the war that they decided humanity did not deserve beautiful or meaningful things .
In their opinion , humanity did not deserve good art .
DADA remains within the framework of European weaknesses , it 's still shit , but from now on we want to shit in different colours so as to adorn the zoo of art with all the flags of all the consulates .
Tristan Tzara , The DADA Manifesto
Inside the CabaretThis is the core of the Dada movement .
Dada art is Anti-art .
Dada artists would take random objects and proclaim them as art , and write down anything at random and call it literature ( a technique later called automatic writing , where this site gets its name ) .
They would also clip words out of newspapers , arrange them in random order , and call the results poetry .
They strived to create things that had no meaning , no aesthetic value -- nonsense .
If you experience Dada art , it often seems ridiculous or funny .
I find it very interesting how this seemingly silly , carefree form of art stemmed from its creators ' disgust with humanity .
One can argue , and I do , that Dadaism is the ultimate form of rebellion .
There are no rules .
Not even rules about there being no rules .
Quoth the Dada Manifesto , 1918 :
I am writing this manifesto and there 's nothing I want , and yet I 'm saying certain things , and in principle I am against manifestos , as I am against principles ...
I am writing this manifesto to show that you can perform contrary actions at the same time , in one single , fresh breath ; I am against action ; as for continual contradiction , and affirmation too , I am neither for nor against them , and I wo n't explain myself because I hate common sense .
Moving on .
After a while of creating Dada art , the dadaists started to see surprising meaning inside their nonsense artwork .
This gave Andre Breton the idea that there might be brilliance hiding in the subconscious mind just begging to be set free .
In the random acts of dadism , the mind 's conscious filter was removed , allowing the subconscious to escape .
With this idea , Breton went on to form my 1st favorite art movement : Surrealism .
The Cabaret Voltaire is a special place to me .
The first time I visited Zürich , it was the one place I wanted to see ( It happend to be boarded up at the time ) .
The next time I visited for a few months , before I moved to Zürich , I spent a lot of time at the Cabaret trying to soak up its history .
It was at the Cabaret that I saw H.R. Giger speak , which planted the seed for my documentary H.R. Giger 's Sanctuary
Two spoons and coffee in the Cabaret Voltaire
But being here in the Cabaret Voltaire , a place that is the source of so much inspiration to me , I do n't know how to feel .
Let me explain :
This place is not the haven of crazy rebel artists it once was .
After being in a state of disrepair for many years and inhabited by a group of neo - dadaist squatters , it was eventually renovated with funds from the city .
It has been redecorated in true dadaist fashion , but the soul of dadaism is n't there .
Something about the government providing funding for the renovation for a haven of rebellious art does n't seem to make sense .
But that 's part of the reason I am unsure how to feel about this place : it does n't make sense .
Part of me feels that the dadaists would revel in this contradictory state of their former home .
It is this contradiction that gives this place an inkling of its past glory .
A city - funded center for pure rebellion is just the kind of thing that someone who hates common sense would enjoy .
While sitting here I picked up a flyer .
Apparently the city does n't want to renew the lease on the Caberet and there is a referendum to try and stop them .
I do n't really understand the details due to my poor German skills , but I hope that the Cabaret Voltaire continues to be preserved ( If you do understand German , you can get more info Here and Here ) .
It would be a shame if it was shut down to become yet another Starbucks or something .
On the other hand , the dadaists might have seen their complete annihilation as the ultimate success of their movement .
The measure on the ballot was only 14 words long -- a simple statement that “ only marriage between a man and a woman is valid or recognized in California . ”
But supporters of Proposition 8 , in what political analysts said was an extremely effective strategy , made the race about much more than that .
They were able to focus the debate on their assertion that without the ban , public school children would be indoctrinated into accepting gay marriage against their parents ’ wishes , churches would be sanctioned for not performing same - sex weddings and the institution of marriage would be irreparably harmed .
Supporters of gay marriage , along with political leaders including Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - San Francisco ) and the state ’s superintendent of public instruction , denounced those messages as scare tactics , but they were not able to sway voters .
Preliminary returns showed Proposition 8 passing 52 % to 48 % .
Advertisement
“ It was masterful of the campaign to raise the implications of what it could mean in terms of the school system , ” said Republican political consultant Wayne Johnson .
He said voters may have started out “ thinking that as long as it does n’t affect me , do what you want ” but the supporters shifted the focus to children .
In the wake of the vote , gay couples and their supporters mourned , held rallies , including one in West Hollywood on Wednesday night , filed legal challenges and , in some cases , rushed to the county recorder ’s office to tie the knot before the state stopped allowing it .
The Los Angeles County registrar - recorder stopped issuing same - sex marriage licenses Wednesday afternoon .
At the West Hollywood rally , which drew thousands to San Vicente and Santa Monica boulevards Wednesday night , demonstrators vented their frustrations and cheered when passing cars honked in support .
While officers were shutting down streets for the rally , a deputy was accidentally struck by a pickup and suffered minor injuries .
For many demonstrators who had backed Barack Obama for president , Tuesday ’s elections brought mixed emotions .
Advertisement
“ I felt happy and then I felt crushed , ” said Chris Thurman , 24 .
He and another friend , 29 - year - old T.J. Prokop , carried signs depicting separate straight drinking fountains and gay drinking fountains , a reference to the racially segregated South in the pre-Civil Rights era .
Demonstrator Chris Moll , 35 , who was married in October and was carrying his 18 - month - old daughter , Ella , in his arms , said the election did not alter his feelings about his marriage .
“ Whatever happened last night does not change how I feel about my husband and my family , ” Moll said .
“ It is a tough feeling , but I know this is a strong community , and I know we ’ll find the next step . ”
Earlier Wednesday , Paul Waters of Valley Village summed up his feelings : “ disappointment . ”
“ Straight couples do n’t have a way to be able to truly understand the depth of what this means . ”
Waters married his partner of 15 years , Kevin Voecks , on June 17 .
Advertisement
Like them , many gay - rights activists spent the day asking themselves how they had been defeated .
At the polls Tuesday , voters throughout the state said proponents ’ argument about schools was a major part of the answer .
“ I ’m concerned about having to educate children , ” Sharon Smith said after she voted in Altadena .
Smith and other African American voters played a crucial role in the outcome .
An exit poll of California voters showed that black voters sided in favor of the measure by margins of more than 2 to 1 .
Not only was the black vote weighted heavily in favor of Proposition 8 , but black turnout -- spurred by Barack Obama ’s campaign for president -- was unusually large , making up roughly 10 % of the voters .
The exit poll was conducted by Edison Media Research and Mitofsky International for a consortium of news organizations .
The campaign against Proposition 8 also did relatively poorly in Los Angeles County , where voters were divided almost evenly .
By contrast , on the other high - profile social issue on the ballot , Proposition 4 on abortion , the liberal side carried Los Angeles by a margin of almost 200,000 votes .
Advertisement
On Wednesday , the proposition ’s backers celebrated their victory .
“ Marriage has been protected , ” said Cal Schell , 65 , a resident of the Sacramento suburb of Rancho Cordova .
Schell said he felt sad that “ there ’s a lot of people who have a lot of angst over this .
But it is very important that this be protected .
. . .
Go to any country , any place in the world .
Marriage between a man and a woman has been a part of our being clear back to the days of early time . ”
Ron Prentice of the Protect Marriage Coalition said in a statement that “ the people of California stood up for traditional marriage and reclaimed this great institution .
We are gratified that voters chose to protect traditional marriage and to enshrine its importance in the state Constitution . ”
Advertisement
The campaign against Proposition 8 refused to formally concede Wednesday , saying that there were too many provisional and mail - in ballots to be counted .
The exact number of those ballots remains unclear -- officials said they had no precise count .
But a survey by Times reporters of the state ’s registrars indicated that more than 1.7 million ballots probably remained uncounted .
To change the outcome on Proposition 8 , the opponents would have to win about two - thirds of those votes , which campaign strategists privately conceded was highly improbable .
In the meantime , gay couples tried to come to terms with what it meant to lose the right to marry .
Susan Allen of Orange , who married her partner , Robin Lambert , on July 11 , said she went to the county clerk ’s office in Santa Ana on Wednesday with the marriage certificate that she had been issued in the summer .
Advertisement
“ I said , ‘ Is this any good ? ’ ” Allen said she asked the clerk of the certificate that she had had framed and hung on the wall .
The clerk ’s answer , Allen said , breaking into tears , was that “ she was sorry , but she just did not know . ”
California Atty . Gen. Jerry Brown has said the marriages performed between June 17 and Tuesday will remain valid -- but legal experts expect the marriages to be challenged and say there is no clear answer as to what the courts will decide .
The race -- among the nation ’s most closely watched ballot campaigns as well as its most expensive -- revealed a deep cultural rift in California .
Many Proposition 8 supporters believed that the future of traditional families was at stake , while opponents were fighting for what they considered the fundamental right of gay people to be treated equally under the law .
Advertisement
The exit poll and a county - by - county review of the results show some major divisions .
As a group , voters under 30 opposed Proposition 8 .
Whites narrowly opposed it , while Latinos favored it by a small margin .
Opponents of a gay marriage ban drew most of their support along the coastal and wine country communities of the state ’s northern areas .
San Francisco voters , for example , opposed Proposition 8 in droves , with 76.5 % voting against the initiative .
But those margins were not enough to overcome substantial support for a ban in Southern California and the Central Valley .
In a news conference at San Francisco City Hall on Wednesday , Mayor Gavin Newsom said he would not have done anything differently .
Newsom set the constitutional amendment in motion four years ago when he began marrying gay couples , leading to the court case that legalized same - sex unions .
Advertisement
Some political figures have criticized Newsom for pushing the issue too fast .
But he rejected that idea .
“ I do n’t regret anything , ” he said .
“ I do n’t regret standing up for people . ”
He added he was “ tremendously optimistic ” that California would someday reverse itself on same - sex marriage .
For some voters Tuesday , the decision was not easy .
Advertisement
Jeffrey Jackson of Lynwood said he struggled with how he would vote on Proposition 8 .
On the one hand , as a black man casting his ballot for Obama , he said he had a deep and personal reverence for civil rights .
On the other , he is a Pentecostal Christian .
In the end , it was that religious faith that guided his decision .
“ It ’s straight biblical , ” said Jackson , 46 .
“ It ’s just not right . ”
--
dan.morain@latimes.com
Advertisement
jessica.garrison@latimes.com
Contributing to this report were Times staff writers Tami Abdollah , Ari B. Bloomekatz , Cara Mia DiMassa , Corina Knoll , Joe Mozingo and Alexandra Zavis in Los Angeles , Richard C. Paddock in San Francisco and Nancy Vogel in Sacramento .
While Americans choose their next president , let us consider a question more amenable to science :
Which candidate ’s supporters have a better sense of humor ?
In strict accordance with experimental protocol , we begin by asking you to rate , on a scale of 1 ( not funny at all ) to 9 ( hilarious ) the following three attempts at humor :
A ) Jake is about to chip onto the green at his local golf course when a long funeral procession passes by .
He stops in midswing , doffs his cap , closes his eyes and bows in prayer .
His playing companion is deeply impressed .
“ That ’s the most thoughtful and touching thing I ’ve ever seen , ” he says .
Jake replies , “ Yeah , well , we were married 35 years . ”
B ) I think there should be something in science called the “ reindeer effect . ”
I do n’t know what it would be , but I think it ’d be good to hear someone say , “ Gentlemen , what we have here is a terrifying example of the reindeer effect . ”
C ) If you saw two guys named Hambone and Flippy , which one would you think liked dolphins the most ?
I ’d say Flippy , would n’t you ?
You ’d be wrong , though .
It ’s Hambone .
Those were some of the jokes rated by nearly 300 people in Boston in a recent study .
( You can rate some of the others at TierneyLab , nytimes.com/tierneylab . )
The researchers picked out a variety of jokes  good , bad , conventional , absurdist  to look for differences in reactions between self - described liberals and conservatives .
Kucinich Continues Investigation of Bail - Out Bonuses
Requests Full Committee Resources to be Used
WASHINGTON , D.C. ( October 28 , 2008 ) -- Congressman Dennis Kucinich , Chairman of the Subcommittee on Domestic Policy is pressing his efforts to head off an avalanche of Wall Street bailout bonuses .
Recent reports indicate bonuses and other compensation packages paid by financially troubled firms receiving government assistance could reach into the tens of billions of dollars .
Today he released a letter sent to Congressman Henry Waxman , Chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , asking that the Full Committee move quickly to investigate how bailout funds are being spent by the financial service companies participating in Treasury ’s capital purchase program .
“ It would be an affront to taxpayers and shareholders alike if Wall Street executives cashed in on the bailout .
We must prevent the diverted directly or indirectly of bailout funds to bonuses and exorbitant compensation packages , ” he said .
Congressman Kucinich , an opponent to the bailout , has been a leader in calling for stringent oversight on money spent through the bailout program .
He asked for the leadership of the Full Committee to ensure that the resources necessary to investigate are available .
The Subcommittee will remain a key part of the investigation .
Congressman Kucinich recommended that the Full Committee begin by requesting specific information from each of the 11 companies participating in the Treasury 's Capital Purchase Program ( Bank of America , Citigroup , J.P. Morgan Chase , Wells Fargo , Morgan Stanley , Goldman Sachs , Merrill Lynch , Bank of New York Mellon , State Street , City National , and Key Bank ) .
The information requested would include compensation data since 2003 , descriptions of ' claw back ' policies , an itemized list of funds received from government sources , A list of every party who has purchased more than $ 50 million of impaired assets in the past 24 months , and a description of each organizations risk management procedures .
" I believe that the American taxpayers who have provided this subsidy have legitimate concerns about how those companies will use those funds , what happened to require them to need those funds , and what they will be doing differently in the future to ensure that they will not need more assistance , " wrote Kucinich in the letter .
The full text of the letter follows :
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Researchers at Durham University have drawn up the first ever ' Arctic Map ' to show the disputed territories that states might lay claim to in the future .
The new map design follows a series of historical and ongoing arguments about ownership , and the race for resources , in the frozen lands and seas of the Arctic .
The potential for conflicts is increasing as the search for new oil , gas and minerals intensifies .
The move to comprehensively map the region illustrates the urgent need for clear policy - making on Arctic issues – an area rich in natural resources .
The Durham map shows :
where boundaries have been agreed
where known claims are
the potential areas that states might claim
Director of Research at the International Boundaries Research Unit ( IBRU ) , Martin Pratt says : " The map is the most precise depiction yet of the limits and the future dividing lines that could be drawn across the Arctic region .
" The results have huge implications for policy - making as the rush to carve up the polar region continues .
advertisement
" It 's a cartographic means of showing , and an attempt to collate information and predict the way in which the Arctic region may eventually be divided up .
The freezing land and seas of the Arctic are likely to be getting hotter in terms of geopolitics ; the Durham map aims to assist national and international policy - makers across the world . "
It 's a year since Russia planted a flag on the seabed , underneath the North Pole , highlighting its claim to a huge chunk of the Arctic .
The Russian demands relate to a complex area of law covered by the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea Convention ( UNCLOS ) .
Under that law , any coastal state can claim territory 200 nautical miles ( nm ) from their shoreline ( Exclusive Economic Zone , EEZ ) and exploit the natural resources within that zone .
Some coastal states have rights that extend beyond EEZ due to their continental shelf .
Areas of the seabed beyond the continental shelf are referred to as ' The Area ' and any world state – landlocked or not – has equal rights in this area .
The continental shelf is the part of a country 's landmass that extends into the sea before dropping into the deep ocean .
Under UNCLOS , if a state can prove its rights , it can exploit the resources of the sea and the seabed within its territory .
Russia claims that its continental shelf extends along a mountain chain running underneath the Arctic , known as the Lomonosov Ridge .
Theoretically , if this was the case , Russia might be able to claim a vast area of territory .
advertisement
The IBRU map shows what is currently possible and what might be permissible in terms of territorial claims under international law .
It also highlights the areas of land and sea where clashes of interest are likely .
A new survey by the US Geological Survey estimates that a fifth of the world 's undiscovered , technically - recoverable resources lie within the Arctic Circle .
The Lomonosov Ridge is just one area of contention between countries .
Other disputes involve Canada , USA , ( Greenland ) Denmark , Iceland and Norway .
The problem with claims is that they must be verified by geological , geomorphological and bathymetric analysis ( sub - sea surveys ) , and it 's not an easy or quick process to verify claims .
The new map will help politicians to understand areas of maritime jurisdiction and the methodology employed could be vital in helping to settle future sea territorial disputes .
Conservationists want laws to protect the North Pole region and climate change is likely to bring further pressure as ice melts and the seas open up to exploration .
My mom sent me this in an e-mail forward .
1 . First , uh , find a baby .
2. Second , be sure that the object you found was indeed a baby by employing classic sniffing techniques .
3 .
Next you will need to flatten the baby before actually beginning the hugging process .
4 .
The ' paw slide ' :
Simply slide paws around baby and prepare for possible close - up.5 .
Finally , if a camera is present , you will need to execute the difficult and patented ' hug , smile , and lean ' so as to achieve the best photo quality .=3 !
( NaturalNews ) Tyson Foods , the world 's largest meat processor and the second largest chicken producer in the United States , has admitted that it injects its chickens with antibiotics before they hatch , but labels them as raised without antibiotics anyway .
In response , the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's ( USDA ) told Tyson to stop using the antibiotic - free label .
The company has sued over its right to keep using it .
The controversy over Tyson 's antibiotic - free label began in summer 2007 , when the company began a massive advertising campaign to tout its chicken as " raised without antibiotics . "
Already , Tyson has spent tens of millions of dollars this year to date in continuing this campaign .
Poultry farmers regularly treat chickens and other birds with antibiotics to prevent the development of intestinal infections that might reduce the weight ( and profitability ) of the birds .
Yet scientists have become increasingly concerned that the routine use of antibiotics in animal agriculture may accelerate the development of antibiotic - resistant bacteria that could lead to a pandemic or other health crisis .
After Tyson began labeling its chicken antibiotic - free , the USDA warned the company that such labels were not truthful , because Tyson regularly treats its birds ' feed with bacteria - killing ionophores .
Tyson argued that ionophores are antimicrobials rather than antibiotics , but the USDA reiterated its policy that " ionophores are antibiotics .
" Because ionophores are not used to treat human disease , however , the poultry company suggested a compromise , accepted by the USDA in December , whereby Tyson would use a label reading " raised without antibiotics that impact antibiotic resistance in humans .
" Tyson 's competitors Perdue Farms Inc. , Sanderson Farms Inc. and Foster Farms sued , under the banner of the Truthful Labeling Coalition .
In May 2008 , a federal judge ruled in their favor and told Tyson to stop using the label .
Not long after , on June 3 , USDA inspectors discovered that in addition to using ionophores , Tyson was regularly injecting its chicken eggs with gentamicin , an antibiotic that has been used for more than 30 years in the United States to treat urinary tract and blood infections .
The drug is also stockpiled by the federal government as a treatment for biological agents such as plague .
"
In contrast to information presented by Tyson Foods Inc. , [ inspectors ] found that they routinely used the antibiotic gentamicin to prevent illness and death in chicks , which raises public health concerns , " said USDA Undersecretary for Food Safety Richard Raymond .
"
The use of this particular antibiotic was not disclosed to us , " said USDA spokesperson Amanda Eamich .
The agency told Tyson that based on the new discovery , it would no longer consider the antibiotic - free label " truthful and accurate . "
It gave the company 15 days to remove the label from all its products , although that deadline was eventually extended to July 9 .
But Tyson objected again , claiming that because the antibiotics are injected two to three days before the chickens hatched , the birds can truthfully be said to be " raised without antibiotics . "
USDA rules on how to label the raising of birds do not address anything that happens before the second day of life , the company said .
Tyson also defended the " in ovo " injection of antibiotics as standard industry practice .
"
The vast majority of the industry does exactly the same thing , " Tyson Vice President Archie Schaffer said .
But Hansen noted that it takes gentamicin several weeks to dissipate , so the drugs are still in the birds ' bodies after they hatch .
"
The labels were clearly false and misleading , " he said .
Tyson agreed to voluntarily withdraw its " raised without antibiotics labels , " citing " uncertainty and controversy over product labeling regulations . "
It then filed a lawsuit against the USDA , claiming that the agency had improperly changed the definition of " raised without antibiotics " to include the treatment of eggs .
Tyson is asking to have the regulation to be thrown out .
Sources for this story include : uk.reuters.com ; www.msnbc.com;
NO AMNESTY FOR WALL STREET
By Chuck Baldwin
September 26 , 2008
NewsWithViews.com
At the time of this writing , the U.S. House and Senate are poised to pass a $ 700 billion bailout to Wall Street .
At the behest of President George W. Bush , the U.S. taxpayers are going to be on the hook for what can only be referred to as the biggest fraud in U.S. history .
Virtually our entire financial system is based on an illusion .
We spend more than we earn , we consume more than we produce , we borrow more than we save , and we cling to the fantasy that this can go on forever .
The glue that holds this crumbling scheme together is a fiat currency known as the Federal Reserve Note , which was created out of thin air by an international banking cartel called the Federal Reserve .
According to Congressman Ron Paul , in the last three years , the Federal Reserve has created over $ 4 trillion in new money .
The result of all this " money - out - of - thin - air " fraud is never - ending inflation .
And the more prices rise , the more the dollar collapses .
Folks , this is not sustainable .
Already , Bear Stearns was awarded a $ 29 billion bailout , followed quickly by the bailout of Freddie and Fannie that will cost the taxpayers up to $ 200 billion .
Then the Fed announced the bailout of AIG to the tune of $ 85 billion .
Mind you , AIG is an enormous global entity with assets totaling more than $ 1.1 trillion .
Moreover , the Feds agreed to pump $ 180 billion into global money markets .
And the Treasury Department promised $ 50 billion to insure the holdings of money market mutual funds for a year .
Now , taxpayers are being asked to provide $ 700 billion to Wall Street .
( I hope readers are aware that , not only will American banks be bailed out , but foreign banks will also be bailed out .
Then again , at least half of the Federal Reserve is comprised of foreign banks , anyway . )
In other words , the Federal Reserve is preparing to spend upwards of $ 1 trillion or more .
Remember again , this is fiat money , meaning it is money printed out of thin air .
All of this began when the U.S. Congress abrogated its responsibility to maintain sound money principles on behalf of the American people ( as required by the Constitution ) and created the Federal Reserve .
This took place in 1913 .
The President was Woodrow Wilson .
( I strongly encourage readers to buy G. Edward Griffin 's book , The Creature from Jekyll Island . )
Since then , the U.S. economy has suffered through one Great Depression and several recessions -- all of which have been orchestrated by this international banking cartel .
Now , we are facing total economic collapse .
But do n't worry : the international bankers will lose nothing -- not even their bonuses .
They will maintain their mansions , yachts , private jets , and Swiss bank accounts .
No matter how bad it gets on Main Street , the banksters on Wall Street will still have the best of it -- President Bush and the Congress will make sure of that .
This is one thing Republicans and Democrats can agree on .
Advertisement
America 's founders were rightfully skeptical of granting too much power to bankers .
Thomas Jefferson said , " If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issuance of their currency , first by inflation and then by deflation , the banks and corporations that will grow up around them will deprive the people of all their property until their children will wake up homeless on the continent their fathers conquered . "
Jefferson also believed that " banking establishments are more dangerous than standing armies ; and that the principle of spending money to be paid by posterity , under the name of funding , is but swindling futurity on a large scale . "
Daniel Webster warned , " Of all the contrivances for cheating the laboring classes of mankind , none has been more effectual than that which deludes them with paper money . "
Webster also said , " We are in danger of being overwhelmed with irredeemable paper , mere paper , representing not gold nor silver ; no , Sir , representing nothing but broken promises , bad faith , bankrupt corporations , cheated creditors , and a ruined people . "
Our first and greatest President George Washington said , " Paper money has had the effect in your State [ Rhode Island ] that it ever will have , to ruin commerce -- oppress the honest , and open the door to every species of fraud and injustice . "
If George W. Bush , John McCain , or Barack Obama had any honesty and integrity , they would approach the current banking malady in much the same way that President Andrew Jackson did .
In discussing the Bank Renewal bill with a delegation of bankers in 1832 , Jackson said , " Gentlemen , I have had men watching you for a long time , and I am convinced that you have used the funds of the bank to speculate in the breadstuffs of the country .
When you won , you divided the profits amongst you , and when you lost , you charged it to the bank .
You tell me that if I take the deposits from the bank and annul its charter , I shall ruin ten thousand families .
That may be true , gentlemen , but that is your sin !
Should I let you go on , you will ruin fifty thousand families , and that would be my sin !
You are a den of vipers and thieves .
I intend to rout you out , and by the eternal God , I will rout you out . "
What President Andrew Jackson said to the bankers in 1832 is exactly what an American President should say to these criminal international bankers today .
But what George Bush , John McCain , and Barack Obama want to do is provide amnesty for the international bankers , just as they want to provide amnesty for illegal aliens .
I say , No amnesty for Wall Street , and no amnesty for illegal aliens , either .
Instead of sending these banksters on extended vacations to the Bahamas with millions of taxpayer dollars in their pockets , we should be sending them straight to jail !
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
The only way to fix this economic mess that the international bankers have created is to return America to sound money principles , as prescribed in the U.S. Constitution .
This means dismantling the Federal Reserve and the Internal Revenue Service , overturning the 16th Amendment and the personal income tax , and returning the American monetary system to hard assets : gold and silver .
Anything short of this will only delay and worsen the inevitable collapse that has already begun .
* If you enjoyed this column and want to help me distribute these editorial opinions to an ever - growing audience , donations may now be made by credit card , check , or Money Order .
Use this link .
* Disclaimer : I am currently a candidate for President of the United States on the Constitution Party ticket .
Click here for my official campaign web site .
Gay activist Fred Karger , founder of Californians Against Hate , has filed a complaint against The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( the Mormons ) with the California Enforcement Division of the Fair Political Practices Commission ( FPPC ) alleging numerous contribution violations to the campaign to ban gay marriage in California by the Mormon Church .
Karger says the Mormon Church is hiding its direct contributions to the Yes - On - 8 campaign .
Californians Against
Hate was the first group to call for protests and boycotts against large donors supporting Proposition 8 , the California ballot initiative that revokes the right of gay and lesbian couples to marry in the Golden State .
In September , the group launched a website and a call - in campaign against San Diego businessman Terry Caster , owner of A - 1 Self Storage , after the California Secretary of State verified that the Caster family 's combined anti-gay marriage contribution of $ 293,000 ( in September ) was the largest from San Diego County .
The group also led the boycott against Doug Manchester 's two San Diego hotels , the Manchester Grand Hyatt and the Grand Del Mar , and his McCall , Idaho resort , the Whitetail Club , due to the hotelier 's reported $ 125,000 donation in support of the gay marriage ban .
A boycott and demonstrations against juice manufacturer Bolthouse Farms was called off late in the campaign after the company proved William Bolthouse Jr. , who donated $ 100,000 to the campaign against gay marriage , was no longer associated with the company .
But the news that members of the Mormon Church had donated a large majority ( some estimate as much as 77 % ) of the money used to wage war against gay marriage in California has drawn the ire of gay activist who continue protesting in the streets and on the Internet against the church .
Californians Against
Hate tallied the Mormon involvement and kept up - to - date totals of their giving throughout the May - to - November campaign at the website californiansagainsthate.com .
But five days after the election , as gay activists began protesting Mormon churches – some even calling for a boycott against the Mormon stronghold of Utah – Don Eaton , a spokesman for the Mormon Church , denied any monetary involvement in passage of the gay marriage ban .
“ The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints put zero money in this [ the passage of Prop 8 ] , ” Eaton told KGO TV , an ABC affiliate .
Mormon leaders say individuals of the Mormon faith donated their personal time and money , but never did the church itself donate to the campaign against gay marriage .
Karger 's complaint conflicts with that assertion ; it says the church spent lots of money communicating with voters in California .
The complaint claims that the Mormon Church violated California 's Political Reform
Act when it failed to report massive non-monetary contributions to the Yes - On - 8 campaign .
Among the violations cited are the costs of get - out - the - vote phone banks in Utah and Idaho , various mailings to voters , transportation services , marketing materials – professionally produced commercials hosted on websites available to the public included – and at least two satellite broadcasts over five western states .
Election law states that non-monetary contributions exceeding $ 100 that do not constitute “ member communications ” must be reported .
Karger contends that Mormon non-monetary contributions to protectmarriage.com , the primary backer of the Yes - On - 8 campaign , clearly do not constitute “ member communications . ”
“ In 1998 , the Mormon Church directly contributed $ 1.1 million to ban same - sex marriages in Alaska and Hawaii , and received widespread criticism for that , ” Karger says in a cover letter accompanying the formal complaint .
“ So this year in California , it appears that the Mormon Church was trying to avoid any direct contributions to Yes on Prop 8 , and instead raised millions from its member families .
That is legal , but all the money spent to communicate with nonmembers must be reported if it exceeds $ 100 .
Clearly the Mormon Church has vastly exceeded that threshold . ”
Karger also notified the attorneys general of California and Utah .
“ Let 's be transparent here , ” Karger told The Associated Press .
“ If they are going to play in the political process , they need to abide by the rules like everyone else . ”
Hours before Sarah Palin showed up to get BOOED at the Flyers opener in Philadelphia , she hosted a rally in Johnstown , PA .
And the citizen at left showed up with a stuffed monkey with an Obama sticker on its head .
" This is little Hussein , " he boasted smugly to cameras .
Surely the other McCain / Palin supporters admonished him in the no uncertain terms , yes ?
No .
They giggled and clapped .
Watch after the jump .
[ via Balk ]
One of the best processors is the only way to go if you want a powerful PC that will see you through the most demanding games and creative workflows .
The faster and more powerful your CPU is , the better your computer ’s performance and power efficiency will be .
You ’ll see and feel the difference when you ’ve got the best processor under the hood of your PC .
Now ’s the best time to invest , with Intel and AMD locked in a fiery competition .
Both manufacturers are rolling out impressive chips like Comet Lake - S , Intel ’s latest chips , and Ryzen 4000 desktop processors that AMD is launching on October 8 .
The market is , therefore , more saturated than ever with the best processors touting the most competitive prices we ’ve seen to date .
However demanding your computing needs are , whether you can afford Intel ’s latest chip or you ’re looking for a more budget - friendly option , you ’ll find something that will suit you .
We gathered the best processors 2020 has to offer to help you find the ideal one for your needs .
( Image credit : AMD )
The AMD Ryzen 9 3900X is n’t just AMD ’s best mainstream processor right now ; it ’s also currently the king of all mainstream processors .
With multi - threaded performance that destroys everything in its path to start , you wo n’t find a processor more impressive without stepping up to the HEDT market .
Sure , there are some workloads where the Intel Core i9-9900 K will still come out better , like with old games that are completely single threaded .
However , thanks to this chip , the gap is definitely starting to narrow .
Read the full review : AMD Ryzen 9 3900X
( Image credit : AMD )
The highest tier in the Ryzen 3000 series is the performance powerhouse you ’re looking for , if you want something for heavily threaded computer work .
Besides high - end gaming , the Ryzen 9 3950 also blasts through processing tasks .
It ’s expensive , but for a mainstream processor that can go toe - to - toe with HEDT processors , that ’s hardly a surprise .
And , it ’s also well worth the price , if you need its level of performance .
Just remember that it may take a bit to keep cool so be sure to follow AMD ’s guidance .
Read the full review : AMD Ryzen 9 3950X
( Image credit : AMD )
With more threads than the Intel Core i5-9600 K , this mid-range graphics card delivers impressive multi- threading performance .
However , the AMD Ryzen 5 3600X does n’t just stop there : it takes that budget - minded stage of performance to a new level , with its increased IPC ( instructions per clock ) performance and a higher clock speed while staying at the same price point .
It also stays competitive in even the most intense single - threaded applications .
Read the full review : AMD Ryzen 5 3600X
( Image credit : AMD )
Best entry - level CPU : AMD Ryzen 3 3100 PC gaming just got cheaper Cores : 4 | Threads : 8 | Base clock : 3.5GHz | Boost clock : 3.6GHz | L3 cache : 16MB | TDP : 65 W Excellent performance Affordable Does n't suck up much power
Not as fast as the 3300X May bottleneck high - end GPUs
Budget - minded consumers who missed out on all the 3rd- generation Ryzen excitement the first time will appreciate AMD ’s latest attempt in the entry - level sphere .
There ’s no denying that the AMD Ryzen 3 3100 is appealingly cheap , but it does so without compromising on performance .
In fact , this chip delivers a performance that could almost rival that of processors double its price , without sucking up much power .
And , it ’s an excellent choice for budget gamers who are looking for something that can handle 1080 p gaming .
Read the full review : AMD Ryzen 3 3100
( Image credit : AMD )
Best gaming CPU : AMD Ryzen 3 3300X
The new budget gaming champion Cores : 4 | Threads : 8 | Base clock : 3.5GHz | Boost clock : 4.3GHz | L3 cache : 16MB | TDP : 65 W Excellent multi-core performance Affordable Mid-range gaming performance for cheap
Not a huge jump over Ryzen 3 3100
It ’s releases like the AMD Ryzen 3 3300X that really push gaming PCs forward .
This processor may not technically beat the likes of Ryzen 9 3900X and the Intel Core i9-9900 K , but its excellent performance , coupled with its affordability , brings downs the barrier to entry on heavy multi- threaded performance .
Suddenly , people do n’t have to break the bank to experience what it ’s like to have top - end hardware powering their PCs .
Is it a wonder that the AMD Ryzen 3 3300X is one of our favorite CPU releases in 2020 ?
Read the full review : AMD Ryzen 3 3300X
( Image credit : Intel )
Mid-range buyers will appreciate the fact that they actually do n’t have to shell out quite a bit of cash for Intel ’s hyper - threading technology .
With Intel ’s Core i5 - 10600 K , among Intel ’s latest chips to hit the streets in 2020 , it ’s possible to have it for much less than $ 500 .
This chip may lack PCIe 4.0 support and has a higher power consumption , but it makes up for those in spades .
Besides hyper - threading , this processor also delivers superb multi-core performance as well as improved single - core performance .
What ’s more is that it ’s got great thermals to keep that pesky heat down .
Read the full review : Intel Core i5-10600K
( Image credit : AMD )
The single - threaded performance of the AMD Ryzen 7 3700X admittedly still falls behind Intel , but what matters most in video editing and rendering is how a chip does with multi- threaded workloads .
If you ’re building a computer that can handle your video editing demands , this chip is an absolute beast and our top pick for video editing .
That ’s not all : this AMD chip offers impressive performance and a Wraith Spire cooler at a very affordable price .
Read the full review : AMD Ryzen 7 3700X
( Image credit : AMD )
Launched alongside the even more potent Ryzen Threadripper 3970X , the AMD Ryzen Threadripper 3960X may have the same core count as its predecessor .
However , it comes with a brand - new architecture that delivers performance gains as well as PCIe 4.0 , making it among the best processors in the Threadripper arena .
The 3960X delivers dramatically improved single - threaded performance and has successfully reduced its predecessors ’ idiosyncrasies that affect their own performance .
It may come with a higher price tag and require the TRX40 motherboard – not to mention , a powerful cooler – but it ’s certainly worth the fuss if you can maximize its skills to your advantage .
( Image credit : AMD )
Best budget CPU : AMD Athlon 300GE
A best value performer Cores : 2 | Threads : 4 | Base clock : 3.4GHz | Boost clock : 4.0GHz | L3 cache : 4MB | TDP : 35 W Incredibly cheap
Low power usage
Not powerful enough for demanding tasks
Whether you ’re looking for a processor for your media center or for your desktop PC , the AMD Athlon 300GE is among the best processors you can find on the market today in terms of value .
It ’s reliable and surprisingly fast for what it can do .
It ’s never going to deliver a breathtaking performance , but for a processor in the budget space , it ’s definitely going to impress you .
( Image credit : AMD )
With a noticeable , if small , performance advantage over its predecessor , AMD ’s Ryzen 5 3400G is a capable option for your home theater PC and budget gaming computer .
That means that it ’s among best processors for folks who do n’t quite take gaming as seriously as the big gamers , touting a solid 720 and a fairly decent 1080 p gaming performance .
NASA Spacecraft Finds the Sun is Not a Perfect Sphere
Dr. Tony Phillips
NASA Goddard Space Flight Center
Scientists using NASA ’s RHESSI spacecraft have measured the roundness of the sun with unprecedented precision .
They find that it is not a perfect sphere .
During years of high solar activity the sun develops a thin “ cantaloupe skin ” that significantly increases its apparent oblateness : the sun ’s equatorial radius becomes slightly larger than its polar radius .
Their results appear the Oct. 2nd edition of Science Express .
“ The sun is the biggest and therefore smoothest object in the solar system , perfect at the 0.001 % level because of its extremely strong gravity , ” says study co-author Hugh Hudson of UC Berkeley .
“ Measuring its exact shape is no easy task .
” The team accomplished the task by analyzing data from the Reuven Ramaty High - Energy Solar Spectroscopic Imager , RHESSI for short , an x-ray / gamma - ray space telescope launched in 2002 on a mission to study solar flares .
Although RHESSI was never intended to measure the roundness of the sun , it has turned out ideal for the purpose .
RHESSI observes the solar disk through a narrow slit and spins at 15 rpm .
The spacecraft ’s rapid rotation and high data sampling rate ( necessary to catch fast solar flares ) make it possible for investigators to trace the shape of the sun with systematic errors much less than any previous study .
Their technique is particularly sensitive to small differences in polar vs. equatorial radius or “ oblateness .
”
“ We have found that the surface of the sun has rough structure : bright ridges arranged in a network pattern , as on the surface of a cantaloupe but much more subtle , ” describes Hudson .
During active phases of the solar cycle , these ridges emerge around the sun ’s equator , brightening and fattening the “ stellar waist . ”
At the time of RHESSI ’s measurements in 2004 , ridges increased the sun ’s apparent equatorial radius by an angle of 10.77 +- 0.44 milli-arcseconds , or about the same as the width of a human hair viewed one mile away .
“ That may sound like a very small angle , but it is in fact significant , ” says Alexei Pevtsov , RHESSI Program Scientist at NASA Headquarters .
Tiny departures from perfect roundness can , for example , affect the sun ’s gravitational pull on Mercury and skew tests of Einstein ’s theory of relativity that depend on careful measurements of the inner planet ’s orbit .
Small bulges are also telltale signs of hidden motions inside the sun .
For instance , if the sun had a rapidly rotating core left over from early stages of star formation , and if that core were tilted with respect to its outer layers , the result would be surface bulging .
“ RHESSI ’s precision measurements place severe constraints on any such models .
” The “ cantaloupe ridges ” are magnetic in nature .
They outline giant , bubbling convection cells on the surface of the sun called “ supergranules . ”
Supergranules are like bubbles in a pot of boiling water amplified to the scale of a star ; on the sun they measure some 30,000 km across ( twice as wide as Earth ) and are made of seething hot magnetized plasma .
Magnetic fields at the center of these bubbles are swept out to the edge where they form ridges of magnetism .
The ridges are most prominent during years around Solar Max when the sun ’s inner dynamo “ revs up ” to produce the strongest magnetic fields .
Solar physicists have known about supergranules and the magnetic network they produce for many years , but only now has RHESSI revealed their unexpected connection to the sun ’s oblateness .
“ When we subtract the effect of the magnetic network , we get a ‘ true ’ measure of the sun ’s shape resulting from gravitational forces and motions alone , ” says Hudson .
“ The corrected oblateness of the non-magnetic sun is 8.01 +- 0.14 milli arcseconds , near the value expected from simple rotation . ” Further analysis of RHESSI oblateness data may help researchers detect a long - sought type of seismic wave echoing through the interior of the sun : the gravitational oscillation or “ g- mode . ”
Detecting g-modes would open a new frontier in solar physics — the study of the sun ’s internal core .
David Lammy has attacked David Cameron 's attempts to claim common cause with Barack Obama in a piece in today 's New Statesman .
" I know Obama , " the higher education minister writes , adding of the US president - elect :
His political worldview is grounded in his experience as a community organiser .
He has a deep - seated affinity with the people of Chicago 's South Side among whom he has worked .
He understands their daily struggles and the dreams they hold for their children .
For Cameron to claim common cause with Obama is absurd and demeaning .
At prime minister 's questions last Wednesday , a day after the US election result , both Cameron and Gordon Brown competed to attach themselves to the Obama bandwagon .
Referring to Brown 's party conference jibe against him , Cameron suggested that Obama 's victory proved it was time for a novice to take charge after all - someone like him or Obama , say .
Brown , meanwhile , replied that serious times needed serious people – such as him and Obama , for example .
In his article today , Lammy claims that Obama 's message of change - unlike Cameron's - is substantive , being backed up by a " body of political experience " .
The Democratic candidate has " something to say about the economy , about protecting homeowners , supporting workers fearful of unemployment , and spreading opportunity in America . "
His argument is that Cameron 's policies on such topics is not well thought - out and is too prone to fall back on the view that " good government is less government " .
Whether or not this is true , it is undeniable that after 11 years of Labour government , Cameron – like Obama – patently is the candidate of change .
A more crucial distinction may be that the Tory leader is not necessarily the candidate of hope .
Obama 's campaign message was in the most part a positive one – an argument for himself as the answer to the country 's problems .
He focused on the bright , if vague , future available to the nation if it voted for him , if the voters " put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day " , as he put it in his victory speech .
By contrast , one fairly consistent theme of Cameron 's leadership has been that of " broken Britain " , of the dreadful state of the UK and its abysmal government and prime minister .
His most recent party conference speech was notable for the time spent railing at exaggerated examples of today 's hopelessly politically - correct Britain , where police could not pursue an armed criminal without filling out a risk assessment form , and teachers could not put a plaster on a child 's knee without calling a first aid officer .
( There is a parallel here with Hillary Clinton , who arguably suffered in the Democratic primaries by choosing to counter Obama 's message of optimism with one of pessimism – a hard sell in the US , and perhaps also in Britain . )
Lammy 's friendship with Obama has led to predictions that the young MP will become " Britain's best - connected politician " now the Illinois senator has been elected president .
The two first met at an event for black alumni of Harvard law school in 2005 .
Lammy told the Times :
I saw him every time I went back to the States .
We stayed in touch .
We had a lot to talk about , a lot in common .
He was a senator in the biggest democracy in the world , I was a minister in one of the biggest democracies .
Our cultural backgrounds were similar .
We built up a professional friendship .
Lammy was born in 1972 – 11 years after Obama – to Guyanese immigrants , and raised by a single mother in Tottenham , north London .
After winning a scholarship to the King 's school in Peterborough , he studied law at the School of Oriental and African Studies in London and at Harvard in Massachusetts .
He was elected MP for Tottenham in 2000 , at the age of 27 , replacing the long - standing MP , Bernie Grant , after the latter 's death .
Since then Lammy has been a minister in the Department of Health , the Department of Constitutional Affairs , and the Department for Culture .
Obama 's success may now open doors for other American minority politicians – such as Bill Richardson , the Hispanic governor of New Mexico , and Bobby Jindal , the Indian - American governor of Louisiana .
It is less clear what its impact will be for minority MPs in Europe .
In a recent International Herald Tribune article about whether Europe could produce its own version of Obama , Ashok Viswanathan of Operation Black Vote predicted that the UK could have a party leader from an ethnic minority in the next 10 to 15 years , and a minority member as PM in 30 .
My colleague Michael Tomasky discusses the same issue on his blog today .
Lammy – who was known as the " black Blair " before he became the " British Barack " - is one name often suggested .
They have blinked , as Richard Cohen reiterates today .
A good contrast with Hillary Clinton :
Can you imagine the reaction of the press corps if Clinton had given the audience a hi-ya - sailor wink ?
Can you imagine the feverish blogging across the political spectrum if Clinton had claimed credit for stopping a bridge that , in fact , had set her heart aflutter ?
What if she showed she did n't know squat about the Constitution , if she could not tell Katie Couric what newspapers or magazines she reads or if she claimed intimacy with foreign relations based on sighting Russia through binoculars ?
My view is that the Palin candidacy is such a farce the mainstream media simply do not know what to do .
The sane response is to dismiss it as a joke , to reveal the vacuity and mendacity of her record , to demand an open - ended press conference , and to hash out the ignorance and bigotry and crass populism she channels .
But that would not be " balanced , " would it ?
The press would - gasp - be accused of bias .
We would stand convicted of insufficient deference .
And we would be shamed for asking " unspeakable " factual questions .
The question the media has to ask of ourselves : are our own precious egos and reputation wirth more than doing our actual jobs ?
We have less than a month to redeem ourselves .
Demand a press conference with Palin for as long as it takes to get through all the questions .
Demand release of all McCain's and Obama 's and Biden 's and Palin 's health records , especially dealing with McCain 's cancer risk , Biden 's aneurysm history and Palin 's bizarre fifth pregnancy .
These are not luxuries for an election campaign .
They are the minimal requirements of a minimally functioning press corps , doing its job to get as much information about these people out to the voters .
( Photo : Sarah Palin by Jewel Samad / AFP / Getty . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Reach thousands of qualified contractors , ready to bid on your next project .
Just transmit your plans , specs and drawing files to your secure Private Plan Room .
Click here to learn more .
Top Ten Projects
Looking for Construction Jobs ?
Reed Construction Data ( RCD ) is the number one provider of project lead information for general contractors , subcontractors and building product manufacturers for the Building and Construction community .
With RCD ’s products , users have access to view and download a project ’s details and construction documents ( plans & specs ) .
Listed below is a sample of the Top Ten Projects available from Reed Constrction Data .
Click on the chart below to learn more about these projects .
2311 projects updated yesterday
projects updated yesterday Value of projects updated yesterday is $ 14,266,712,712
The BuildingTeam Summit 2005
This year we celebrate the 10th anniversary of our North American Construction Forecast with an expanded program that not only gives you the comprehensive forecast of construction activity in the U.S. , but now includes a program about innovations in building design and construction with input from our industry ’s top design and build professionals .
Former elementary school sold to developer , to be converted into luxury condominiums
WB UN PROCUREMENT - INDONESIA , HYDROPOWER PLANT CONSTRUCTION
MOTORSPORTS COMPLEX COMING TO MINGO COUNTY
COMMENTS SOUGHT ON SEIBERT CIRCLE DESIGN
Ecuador Protesters to Negotiate
More News
- August 18 , 2005 Thursday - August 22 , 2005 Monday - July 5 , 2005 Tuesday - July 1 , 2005 Friday - August 22 , 2005 Monday
By Jenny Carpenter
Science reporter , BBC News
Healing hands : the scientists looked into our sense of touch A new touch - sensitive nerve fibre responsible for the sense of pleasure experienced during stroking has been described at a UK conference today .
The nerves tap into a human 's reward pathways , and could help explain why we enjoy grooming and a good hug , a neuroscientist has explained .
His team used a stroking machine to reveal the optimal speed and pressure for the most enjoyable caress .
The research was presented at the British Association Science Festival .
Mothers stroke their children , monkeys groom group members , and we all enjoy a massage , but what is it about stroking and rubbing that we find so enjoyable ?
" People groom because it feels good , " said Professor Francis McGlone , a cognitive neuroscientist at Unilever R&D , but went on to explain that little is known about how we experience the pleasure of touch .
In order to isolate the touch - sensitive nerves responsible for the pleasure experienced during stroking , Professor McGlone designed a " rotary tactile stimulator " - a high - tech stroking machine .
" We have built some very sophisticated equipment , so the stimulus [ of stroking ] is very repeatable .
" We stroke the skin [ of the forearm , foreleg , and face ] with a brush at different velocities , and then asked the volunteers to rate how they liked it , " he explained .
He also inserted microelectrodes through the skin , into a nerve , to record the neural signals running from the skin to the brain .
" It is like tapping a single phone - line and listening for the chatter that comes down that line , " he told the conference .
Feel - good chemicals
By comparing how the neural signals corresponded with how much the volunteers enjoyed the stroking , he was able to pin down people 's pleasure to one set of nerves called " C - fibres " .
He thinks that the stroking movements are activating C - fibres , which are wired into the rewards systems in the brain , causing the release of feel - good hormones .
Professor McGlone points out that these touch nerves are not responsible for the pleasure experienced from rubbing sexual organs , nor are they found in a person 's palms or soles .
" Experiencing pleasure when grappling with tools or walking , would make both task difficult to do with any accuracy , " he suggested .
The Liverpool - based researcher showed that stroking speeds of about 5 cm per second , while applying 2g of pressure per square cm is optimal , and gave the volunteers most pleasure .
He explained that the pleasure messages are conveyed from the skin to the brain , by similar types of nerve fibres as those that transmit the sensation of pain .
" This is interesting as we often rub a pain to try to alleviate it , " he said .
This could explain why the pain experienced by people exposed to a painful thermal stimulus , lessens when the region of the stimulus is simultaneously stroked .
Stroking could be used to treat chronic pain , he suggests .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Certain foods are as ' 80s as shoulder pads , side ponies , and Teddy Ruxpin .
Inspired by a thread in our Talk community , here 's a list of ten iconic ' 80s foods and some corresponding commercials .
10 . Jawbreakers
Like spicy food , these dangerously choke - inducing balls inspired serious candy egos .
Can you handle it ?
No , seriously , can you ?
They came in a slew of sizes , depending on your tolerance .
" Oh snap , he has the three - incher ! "
9 . The California Raisins
Link : California Raisins , 1987 [ YouTube ]
8. Cool Ranch Doritos
Link : Cool Ranch Doritos , 1986 [ YouTube ]
7. Tri-Color Pasta Salad
Pasta salads were just hot in the ' 80s .
Especially in elbow , wagon wheel , and squiggly shapes , and shades of peach , pistachio , and normal off - white noodle .
Toss them with canned olives and powdered salad dressing , and you were the coolest kid at the potluck .
Pasta salads were just hot in the ' 80s .
Especially in elbow , wagon wheel , and squiggly shapes , and shades of peach , pistachio , and normal off - white noodle .
Toss them with canned olives and powdered salad dressing , and you were the coolest kid at the potluck .
6. Orange Julius
Creamy plus citrus sounds like a wretched marriage , and it is , except in Julius form .
Why do n't Orange Julius stands exist anymore ?
Due to a corporate merger , they can actually be found in select Dairy Queens , with seven hiding in Singapore .
5. Equal
The first aspartame pixie dust sold to consumers , it may not plumpen your thighs , but it will probably kill you with evil toxins very slowly .
Maybe consumers were n't aware of the health risks in the ' 80s , but even now , it 's so easy to justify that one little blue package .
Especially in baby blue .
Baby blue would never hurt us .
4. Artificially Flavored Fruit Snacks
Link : Fruit Bars , 1988 [ YouTube ]
3. Tab Cola
Since the soda catered to " beautiful people , " Tab ran commercials with waifish girls scoring hot guys because they drank this .
Link : Tab Cola with Elle Macpherson , 1982 [ YouTube ]
2. Lean Cuisine
Link : Lean Cuisine , 1986 [ YouTube ]
1. Capri Sun
Link : Capri Sun , 1980s [ YouTube ]
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President - elect Barack Obama ’s plans to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system would cost the federal government $ 75 billion the first year but would provide health insurance for 95 percent of Americans , consulting firm PriceWaterhouseCoopers said on Wednesday .
This works out to about $ 2,500 per newly insured person , the firm said in a report .
“ The plan would increase to $ 1 trillion cumulatively by 2018 or approximately $ 130 billion per year , ” the report said .
While the plan would extend health insurance to two - thirds of the 47 million people who currently lack it , the overhaul may worsen some problems , such as a shortage of primary care doctors , the analysis found .
“ Unless costs are cut , growing health care costs will increase the costs of Obama ’s plan dramatically over time and reduce the effectiveness of mandates .
This could make the federal costs unsustainably high , ” the report said .
“ Because of the deficit and financial crisis , there ’s unlikely to be any new federal money available , so health reform may require reallocation of dollars already in the health system . ”
Dr. David Levy , health industry specialist at the consulting firm , said the current financial crisis does not outweigh the need for healthcare reform .
“ We think this is a moment in time , with ... Obama ’s election , when in fact we could see not a stalling of healthcare reform but a potential acceleration of healthcare reform , ” he told a telephone briefing .
“ Maybe this crisis has helped unleash more market forces to drive this system toward more value for patients , ” he added .
President - elect Senator Barack Obama speaks on the phone in a Chicago office , November 6 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Obama Campaign / Handout
PAY NOW , SAVE LATER
Some costs could be recovered from payouts made to hospitals that care for the uninsured , the analysis found .
It found that $ 25 billion , or about a third of the cost of Obama ’s plan , could come from existing payments to hospitals for uncompensated care .
“ Obama ’s proposal is likely to increase revenues but lower margins for providers , pharmaceutical companies and health plans that increasingly depend on government payment , ” the report said .
While Obama ’s proposals would add costs up front , they would provide savings over the long term , especially by stressing prevention and wellness , said Jack Rodgers of the group ’s health policy economics practice .
“ PwC estimates that ... it would reduce national health spending by 9 percent by 2025 ... $ 680 billion , which is a pretty big deal , ” Rodgers said .
PwC ’s Michael Thompson said insurers could benefit .
“ I think if there are more insured ... that means there ’s going to be more insurance ( and ) more premiums for insurers , ” he said .
Obama has proposed a national insurance “ exchange ” with what his website describes as a “ range of private insurance options . ”
“ This national health insurance exchange could offer a new and different way to compete in the marketplace , ” Thompson said .
Todd Evans of PwC said the drug industry was changing anyway , with a move away from blockbuster and “ me - too ” drugs that replicate existing therapeutic approaches .
“ It appears there will be industry - level incentives for personalized medicine research , developments funded through academia and ( the National Institutes of Health ) , ” Evans said .
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus , a Montana Democrat , unveiled his own healthcare reform plan on Wednesday that resembles Obama ’s but would require all Americans to have health insurance .
Unions and consumers groups quickly praised the proposals .
As time goes on , more and more people are carrying little cameras with them everywhere they go .
I 'm one of them .
Here are a few camera tricks I 've picked up through the years .
This Camera Belongs To
Digital cameras are just the right size to slip out of your pocket on the subway .
While aspiring detectives will enjoy trying to track down the rightful owner by identifying restaurant interiors and concert snapshots , it is a lot easier to keep a photo with your phone number on it .
I think a handwritten note says it best .
Many cameras allow you to lock a photo on the memory card .
I recommend locking this one so that it is always your # 1 photo and does n't get cleared like the rest of the photos .
This screen would also be a good place to put anything that emergency workers would need , like your blood type , drug allergies or organ donor status .
Maps
Until you are carrying around an Iphone or personal GPS unit , your camera can substitute .
With modern 5 - 12 megapixel cameras , you can fit a lot of detail on a single photo , and most cameras allow you to zoom in on photos for a closer view .
If you are new to an airport , snap a shot of their floorplan in case you have to find gate L45 in a hurry .
This trick is also good for keeping a shot of the Metro system .
Lately , when checking an address online , I 've been snapping a photo of the Google Maps screen as an insurance policy .
I 've also found it useful when describing what part of the city our new house is in .
This would also be good for people who find themselves challenged with describing where on earth to find Laos .
Parking Lot
One time I lost a car in the airport long - term parking lot .
Back after a three - day vacation , I was faced with 1000 twisty passages , all alike .
If you 've ever lost your car , and landmarks like R25 and H12 do n't stick in your memory , take a photo of the parking lot section sign , or any other landmarks nearby .
Mechanisms you are repairing
This is another insurance policy .
Before you unplug your router , fix a guitar string or disassemble the lawnmower throttle linkage , snap a photo of what it used to look like .
You probably wo n't need it , but if you have to drop the project for a few days , you might appreciate a visual refresh of what it look like when it was just a little broken .
License Plates
Did you ever get the feeling that you were n't going to make it out of a parking lot unscathed ?
If a certain combination of carseat + closeparking + exhaust modification sets off your " door ding " alarm , give yourself peace of mind by snapping a shot of your new neighbors .
Yellow Pages
Want to take a little info on the road ?
Rather than tearing out the page , snap a photo of those knitting supplies listings ... and by knitting supplies , I mean drug and alcohol treatment centers .
Evidence for the Defense
Occasionally , I find myself in a less - than - lawful situation .
For example , if the marked crosswalk looks dangerous or flooded , and I cross the street somewhere else , I do so with an eye towards my legal defense .
To ease my mind , I will often take a photo of the offending situation , to show as evidence in the supremely unlikely circumstance that I end up in court .
Other situations which warrant a little documentation :
1 . Light rail ticket machine is broken
2. Parking Meter malfunction
3 . Ambulance behind me at a traffic light
4 . I need to hop the fence into the childcare area of California Family Fitness because I 'm being chased by a crazy ex-roomate with nunchucks .
Some people would argue that just taking such a photo would prove that I was doing something I knew was illegal , and sometimes they would be right , but if you need to defend your justifiably illegal actions , it is good to have pictures to compliment your story .
Chinese Food Menus
If you hang out with the kind of person who forgets what is available from Chinese take - out .
I did n't really have a picture of the chinese food menu , so I substituted this lid from a can of paint .
This would be another good thing to use your camera for , copying a complicated code when the guys at the paint counter ask you to bring the lid from the old can .
Recipies
If you are making a special trip to store , take a photo of the ingredient list .
Rental Dings
Part to the process of renting a car or a truck is the ding - check , a thorough examination of the vehicle for pre-existing damage .
If you are worried about getting charged for something you did n't do , take photos of the exterior .
In the future , car rental places will do this for you ( and them ) and stow the photos themselves .
Mr Brown wants Britain , the US and Europe to take the lead Gordon Brown has increased speculation he may cut taxes , saying he was looking " at everything " that could be done to help people through the downturn .
He told GMTV tax changes were a matter for the pre-Budget report - expected next week although he said that it would be " in the next few days " .
Meanwhile David Cameron says the Tories will announce " tax changes to encourage businesses to take on workers " .
The Lib Dems have already said they would cut taxes for lower paid people .
Food prices
Asked about possible tax cuts by a " hard - pressed " family taken into No 10 by the breakfast programme , Mr Brown said petrol duty had been frozen and people were already getting £ 120 back in their income tax following the 10 p tax row .
He added : " Of course we are going to look at everything but that 's a matter for the Budget and the pre-Budget report .
TAX PROPOSALS Labour : Raised personal tax allowance to benefit basic rate taxpayers by £ 120 this year after 10 p tax row , stamp duty threshold raised , 2 p fuel duty rise postponed .
Any further cuts expected to come in pre-Budget report Conservatives : Abolish stamp duty for first time buyers on homes up to £ 250,000 , raise inheritance tax threshold to £ 1 m , cut corporation tax from 28 p to 25 p , encourage council tax freeze .
Expected to unveil more tax cuts on Tuesday Lib Dems :
Have already pledged tax cuts for low and middle - income families by cutting basic rate from 20 p to 16 p .
Would remove tax loopholes for the rich .
At - a - glance : Party tax cut policy Tories ' to act on unemployment '
" What I 'm determined to do is get all countries around the world trying to get their economies moving again .
" And one way you can do that is by putting more money into the economy by tax cuts or public spending rises but that 's something we have got to look at in the next few weeks . "
When it was put to him that help was needed now , rather than having to wait for weeks , he said : " We 've got a pre-Budget report in the next few days . "
Asked again about rumours that VAT may be cut he said : " We 're looking at everything we can to see how we can help people and we will make announcements very soon about what we are going to do . "
David Cameron said in a speech later that the Conservatives would not allow unemployment to ruin people 's lives .
There have been reports the party may propose a National Insurance payments holiday for new workers , to encourage employers to take on staff .
' Enormous deficit '
Mr Cameron told journalists after the speech they would have to " wait and see " what the proposals were , but said there were some clear principles : " We want to help and we will help and we will put money back in people 's pockets . "
He also warned against permanently damaging the public finances and criticised the government for having an " enormous budget deficit even before the recession began " .
" This government is talking and behaving as if there 's no limit to what you can borrow , " he said - adding any new proposals had to make clear where the money was coming from .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Read Nick 's blog
The prime minister 's spokesman said that increasing borrowing was now the accepted view across the world and the government would have to look at all the issues relating to tax and spending .
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg told the BBC other parties were " clambering on the bandwagon " as the Liberal Democrats had been advocating tax cuts for low and middle income earners for months .
' Rebalance ' taxes
But he dismissed Conservative proposals to cut inheritance tax and freeze council tax as " smoke and mirrors " adding : " We are the only party saying that tax cuts have got to be big , they have got to be permanent and they have got to be fair . "
He said there was no point borrowing more to fund tax cuts , as it would eventually have to be paid back .
Instead it was time to " rebalance the tax system to make it fairer " by removing " loopholes " that benefit only the rich on capital gains and tax relief on pension contributions , as well as clamping down on tax avoidance and introducing more green taxes .
Mr Brown 's comments came ahead of a keynote foreign policy speech in which he will argue the global financial crisis has given world leaders a major opportunity for change .
The PM , in his annual speech at the Lord Mayor 's Banquet in London , is expected to call for the rebuilding of the international financial system .
Ahead of a meeting of leaders of the world 's 20 major economies in the US at the weekend , Mr Brown is expected to say that recent co-ordinated global action during the credit crisis showed the potential of a stronger multilateralism .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What a gem this Clark guy is .
Gets his office on the back of demonizing immigrants , roughs up a kid so bad that the kid gets a restraining order against him and now this .
He said he never told the kids Obama is a Muslim and that he knows Obama is a Christian .
The bill does n’t depict Obama in a turban , Clark said , but instead in a “ prince ’s hat ” in the Middle Eastern style .
David Borden , Executive Director
David Borden
This week I write an editorial that could be written almost any week .
What 's wrong with judges today ?
In Washington , a state where medical marijuana is legal , a judge decided that it is n't .
That 's technically not what happened , but for all intents and purposes it really is .
Judge Anna Laurie convicted patient Robert Dalton for marijuana growing , because she did n't agree with Dalton 's doctor 's decision to recommend marijuana to him .
Where did Judge Laurie go to medical school ?
How incredibly arrogant of her to play doctor .
And how atrocious too -- Dalton , not a well man , could get up to six months in jail .
As his attorney told the press , no patient in Washington is safe , if judges will behave that way .
In Sarasota County , Florida , a judge threw away the exclusionary rule for no good reason .
A drug dog with the sheriff 's office , Zuul , comes up with false positives in vehicles he sniffs half of the time .
Judge Charles Roberts ruled that was good enough to justify police searching a vehicle -- but for a very special reason .
Judge Roberts was swayed by the state 's argument that every time they did n't find drugs , someone in the car admitted to using or possessing drugs in the recent past .
What ?!?!?!?!?
Along with the clear fishiness of the claim , what does past drug use , even recent , have to do with a drug dog 's ability to tell whether drugs are in a car in the present ?
It would make more sense to argue that police were succeeding in profiling likely drug possessors , and that catching them with drugs actually in the car half of the time is a good enough percentage to justify a search .
I would disagree with both those arguments -- partly because it would imply a 100 % profiling success rate , which is not very likely , partly because I do n't think 50 % is good enough -- but it would make more sense than the argument actually used .
In effect the police and prosecutors attributed a " sixth sense " to their drug dog , beyond the sense of smell , enabling the dog to sense which cars do n't have drugs in them , but whose owners have used drugs .
But dogs do n't have extra-sensory perception -- at least the law does not consider them to -- and a sitting judge should be able to recognize when an argument so obviously does n't make sense .
So what is it that can cause an adult judge to play doctor , or to tacitly endorse a theory of canine " ESP " ?
Maybe it's that the war on drugs is spectacularly illogical in and of itself , but as judges they get immersed in it each day .
To maintain a logical state of mind during drug cases would require judges to consciously acknowledge the corruption of the system they serve in , and the extent to which the law has turned them into perpetrators or at least enablers of injustice , a reality anyone might repress .
And one thing gone wrong in the mind leads to another .
I 'm not sure if that is really what 's wrong with judges today , but something is wrong for all of this to be happening .
Enough of overreaching , enough of twisted logic or no logic , enough of corrupted standards and intellectual integrity tossed to the wind .
Judges need to stand up for truth and reason , and do so now , or they abdicate their status as arbiters of morality and justice .
Wearing a robe to work and carrying a gavel is n't enough .
Árokásó gépek bérlése bármilyen ásási feladatra az árkoktól a csatorna nyomvonalon át egészen a tavak kiásásáig .
Remember the Hawaiian bus driver who got in deep trouble because he was playing a PSP while driving ?
Turns out he was not shitcanned .
A Honolulu TV station reports that the driver was just suspended ( without pay ) for two weeks , and has since returned to his job .
The mitigating factors that saved this guy 's job : he had an otherwise exemplary employment record , was once named a bus driver of the month this fall ( before the incident , one assumes ) , and a bunch of passengers circulated a petition of support on his behalf .
The driver denied playing the game even though someone snapped video of him doing so .
I mean his both hands are on the PSP , no doubt about it .
Bus policy bans drivers from using electronic devices of any kind while operating a city bus .
The woman who got that video is , quite understandably , furious .
" We could have been killed or seriously injured and then what would the bus company have done ?
Suspend him again ? "
Waltz said .
Still no word on what he was playing .
The bus company had no comment , offering the usual chickenshit " This is a personnel matter , " garbage that helps public authorities repeatedly avoid accountability for the behavior of their employees .
But I hope someone at least asked the question , just to fuck with them .
You can get a look at the video here .
Driver Suspended Over Video Games Accusation [ KITV - TV at MSNBC.com ]
Advertisement
Lawmaker to Homeland Security : Do n't forget to credit God for keeping Kentuckians safe RAW STORY
Published : Friday November 28 , 2008
Print This Email
This A lawmaker is upset with his state 's Department of Homeland Security for its lack of credit to a " higher power " for its work in protecting the state 's citizens .
Kentucky State Rep. Tom Riner , a Southern Baptist minister who helped establish a requirement that the federally funded agency credit God with keeping the state safe , is upset that under Gov. Steve Beshear , the department 's 2008 annual report did not do so .
" We certainly expect it to be there , of course , " Riner , of Louisville , told the Lexington Herald - Leader .
Among the requirements of the 2006 anti-terror law is that a plaque be placed in the department 's Emergency Operations Center .
Part of the statement on the plaque reads : " The safety and security of the Commonwealth cannot be achieved apart from reliance upon Almighty God . "
" This is recognition that government alone cannot guarantee the perfect safety of the people of Kentucky , " Riner added .
" Government itself , apart from God , cannot close the security gap .
The job is too big for government . "
" I will not try to supplant almighty God , " said Homeland Security chief Thomas Preston .
" All I do is try to obey the dictates of the Kentucky General Assembly .
I really do n't know what their motivation was for this .
They obviously felt strongly about it . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Indian Home Minister Shivraj Patil and national security adviser MK Narayanan have submitted their resignations in the wake of the Mumbai terror attacks .
The moves come amid growing pressure on the Indian government to explain why it was unable to prevent the militant strike in which at least 172 died .
It is not clear whether Mr Narayanan 's resignation has been accepted .
The attacks have increased tensions with Pakistan after allegations the gunmen had Pakistani links .
Islamabad denies any involvement , but India 's Deputy Home Minister , Shakeel Ahmad , told the BBC it was " very clearly established " that all the attackers were from Pakistan .
" Whether they had government backing or whether there was any official involvement in it - it will come to light after proper investigation , " Mr Ahmad said .
Last gunman killed
The home minister wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh " owning moral responsibility " for the attacks , the BBC's Sanjoy Majumder , in Delhi , says .
His resignation has been accepted , and more departures may follow , our correspondent adds .
In pictures : Mumbai aftermath Mumbai police mourn their dead ' Mumbai is in full mourning '
The resignations come ahead of an all party meeting set for Sunday evening , which is poised to discuss new anti-terror measures in India - including new anti-terror laws , and the possible creation of new anti-terror agency .
Hundreds of people took to the streets of Mumbai on Sunday to protest at what they say were government failures in the face of the attacks .
Protesters say the authorities should have been more prepared for the attacks and also question whether warnings were ignored , and how long it took commandos to reach the scenes of the attacks .
See a detailed map of the area
As customers entered the cafe , staff wearing red polo shirts burst into applause and one man led a cheer of " God bless India " .
" We will prove to terrorists by opening that we have won , you have not won , " said Farhang Jehani , who owns and runs the cafe with his brother .
Death toll Indian troops killed the last of the gunmen at the Taj Mahal Palace hotel on Saturday .
More resignations are expected to follow that of Shivraj Patil As few as 10 militants may have been involved in the assault which saw attacks in multiple locations including two hotels , a major railway station , a hospital and a Jewish centre .
While the vast majority of victims were Indians , at least 22 foreigners are known to have died , including victims from Israel , the US , Germany , Japan , Canada , Australia , Italy , Singapore , Thailand and France .
One Briton , Andreas Liveras , was also killed .
Some of the gunmen came ashore by rubber dinghy on the night the killing began , others are reported to have been in the city for months gathering information on their targets .
The number of people killed remains unclear .
India 's home ministry said the official toll in Mumbai was 183 killed , but earlier disaster authorities said at least 195 people had been killed and 295 wounded .
On Sunday morning the state governor put the death toll for the bombings at 172 , although this could rise if more bodies are discovered in the search of the siege hotels .
Claim of responsibility Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said earlier he believed that a group based outside India was behind the killings and senior Indian politicians have said the only surviving gunman to be captured is from Pakistan .
A claim of responsibility for this week 's attacks was made by a previously unknown group calling itself the Deccan Mujahideen - a reference to a mainly Muslim region of India .
According to a statement leaked to Indian newspapers , the one alleged militant captured alive , named as Azam Amir Qasab , said the Mumbai militants had received training from an Islamist group once backed by Pakistani intelligence , Lashkar - e - Toiba .
Pakistan banned the group in 2002 at US insistence .
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
University of Calgary professor Piers Steel , a self - described reformed procrastinator , said the act of dillydallying can be boiled down to three human traits : the person 's confidence , values and impulsiveness ( how susceptible he or she is to immediate delight ) .
Like an economist might , Steel combined those elements to develop a mathematical theory that can define procrastination .
His work was published this month in the journal of the American Psychological Association .
" The heart of procrastination is an adaptive natural tendency to value today much more than tomorrow , " said Steel , an associate professor of industrial psychology at the University of Calgary 's Haskayne School of Business .
That 's why , he said , most people make New Year 's resolutions in vain .
In scientific terms , a person 's intention alone is not enough to see anything through - - a condition called " preference reversal . "
That means that unless an individual has some knowledge of his or her motivational weaknesses and can create a plan to counteract them , those promises of losing weight or writing a novel will fall to the wayside , Steel said .
-- Piers Steel , professor
University of Calgary Imagine trying to diet with a magic floating spoon of ice cream following you around .
Steel 's formula , called the Temporal Motivation Theory , calculates procrastination like Albert Einstein 's equation for energy , E=MC2 .
It factors the person 's expectancy for succeeding at a given task ( E ) or self - confidence ; the value of completing the task ( V ) ; its immediacy or availability ( Gamma ) ; and the person 's sensitivity to delay ( D ) to come up with the desirability of the task ( Utility ) .
The equation reads : Utility = E x V / ( Gamma ) x D .
Steel said , in general , human behavior is marked by people 's judgment of value and their expectancy -- whether or not they expect to get something .
A person 's tolerance for delay also factors in the equation -- whether they can wait 20 minutes for dinner to be served or fill up on bread immediately , for example .
" These are the basic elements people use in making decisions . "
Most people who procrastinate are impulsive ; they value what they can have today more than what they can have tomorrow - - and long - term goals do n't have motivational force , Steel said .
" My theory is that if your model of motivation remains level , it only spikes up right before deadline , like a shark 's fin , " Steel said .
Self - knowledge might include knowing that the goal is large and then breaking it down into easier , step - by - step tasks in order to succeed , he said , or removing temptations like TV or video games .
But he said , most people do n't have that much self - knowledge .
Experts in the field say that Steel has captured all the historical analysis on procrastination and has advanced thinking on the subject by adding new elements like a motivation of time .
They believe that Steel 's formula could lead to further research in the field and eventual methods of helping chronic procrastinators .
" Procrastination is one of the most frustrating obstacles in the business place , " said David Nershi , executive director of the Society for Industrial and Organizational Psychology .
" ( Steel 's ) meta - analysis brings the subject into clearer focus -- which is important since procrastination is on the rise .
Dr. Steel 's work with the TMT theory is valuable not only to other researchers , but to business leaders as well . "
Procrastination is from the Latin " pro , " which means " forward " or " forth , " and " crastinus , " meaning " of tomorrow . "
Since the 1970s , when researchers began investigating human behavior , societal procrastination has risen five - fold to affect from about 5 percent of the population in the 1970s to about 15 percent to 20 percent of people today , according to various estimates .
At least 95 percent of people say they procrastinate occasionally .
As you might expect , that self - regulatory failure breeds among college kids , who opt to watch TV , go out with friends or sleep instead of finishing studies .
Researchers have estimated that 80 to 95 percent of college students procrastinate , with as many as 50 percent doing it regularly .
Technology has certainly boosted the amount of procrastination in the world , Steel said .
The Internet and gadgets like the Blackberry , or " crackberry , " give people a constant source of putting things off , and they create motivationally toxic environments , he said .
" Imagine trying to diet with a magic floating spoon of ice cream following you around , " Steel said .
He said if people want to avoid procrastinating , they need to do things like remove games from their PC , or turn off automatic e-mail alerts .
In response to how he got interested in the subject of procrastination , Steel joked , " Research is me - search . "
He realized he was a procrastinator more than 10 years ago when he was a teacher 's assistant and Ph.D student at the University of Minnesota .
His professor at the time employed a teaching method called a computerized personal system of instruction , which means students complete studies at their own pace on a computer .
That way , the professor could study the pace at which people read chapters , completed quizzes and finished assignments .
One student finished 75 percent of his coursework in the last week of finals .
From there , Steel began exhaustive research on all studies in the field .
It took him 10 years just to get through it all , he said .
But he finally synthesized all that research to develop a unified theory of human behavior , thus reducing procrastination to a math equation .
Still , Steel admits that it's an inexact science .
As researchers attempt to get more and more precise in their measurements on human nature , they find that raises more questions .
Part of the goal in publishing a formula of procrastination , Steel said is to open up the field to more studies and diagnosis .
Eventually , researchers could develop diagnostic tests that pinpoint people 's motivational weaknesses .
" Essentially , procrastinators have less confidence in themselves , less expectancy that they can actually complete a task , " Steel said .
" Perfectionism is not the culprit .
In fact , perfectionists actually procrastinate less , but they worry about it more . "
Paul Spector , professor of industrial organizational psychology at University of South Florida , said there are three ways of getting sidetracked .
One is characteristic of people who simply have a hard time getting started on a project , or a classic procrastinator .
Another deals with a person who gets started , but then gets bogged down in details , or a classic perfectionist .
The last is the person who is distractible , i.e. , the student who has the paper to do , but decides to go out when a friend calls .
Spector said that Steel 's theory integrates time into this cognitive regulation process to look at procrastination as a dynamic process .
" This sort of thing could be stimulating for future research and generate ideas of things to try in terms of intervention , like getting kids to procrastinate less , " he said .
In asking about William Ayers , Brian Williams asks the McCain - Palin team if someone who bombs an abortion clinic is a terrorist ?
Williams did n't ask why they gave Paul Schenck VIP passes to a recent rally .
NBC ’s Brian Williams asked Sen. McCain and Gov. Palin about their attacks on Sen. Barack Obama and his association with Bill Ayers , and if they would define abortion clinic bombers as domestic terrorists .
Palin said she would n’t condone such actions and ultimately worked her way to saying that “ terrorist ” would be defined as anyone who seeks to destroy innocent Americans , meaning that she seems to agree that abortion clinic bombers are terrorists .
McCain felt the need to to clean up the answer later in the interview saying that anyone who breaks the law , including bombing an abortion clinic , should be punished to the full extent of the law .
Here ’s an idea — how about just de-politicizing private , personal health care decisions that individuals should make for themselves , and repudiating the extremist rhetoric of the anti-choice protesters that create a culture where clinic violence is celebrated .
Better yet , how about repudiating the lies being told right now in mailers , robo-calls , and in TV ads about the so - called “ Born Alive ” bill that contribute to the culture of anti-choice extremism and violence .
McCain has previously said he was " proud of everyone attending our rallies " which includes Paul Schenck who has been linked to numerous acts of violence , including the murder of Dr. Barnett Slepian .
Former Republican Congressman and host of MSNBC ’s Morning Joe has regularly suggested the media discuss Ayers more , but has yet to raise the McCain - Palin links to these un-repetent domestic terrorists .
Schenck was recently given VIP passes to a McCain - Palin rally .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Later in the interview in a discussion of elites , McCain defines an elite as someone who “ thinks they can dictate to America what they believe , instead of letting Americans decide for themselves . ”
That seems to make the McCain - Palin views on a woman ’s right to make her own health care decisions , “ elitist ” .
Other anti-choice extremists have been linked to efforts in Colorado to pass a law giving all fertilized eggs human rights , while many conservative , pro-life Republicans have been openly taking a stand against the extremism in the anti-choice movement calling for a change in the abortion debate .
Several Republican leaders , including Gen. Colin Powell , have suggested one reason they are supporting Obama is because the Republican Party has moved too far to the right and adopted an extremism that causes them concern .
In the same interview Palin was asked if she is a feminist , and again dodged the question preferring not to associate herself with " labels " even though she is a member of Feminists for Life .
Enlarge By Suzanne Plunkett , Reuters Utah's Republican governor agreed to ban some sales of fruity alcoholic beverage in exchange for increasing the amount of liquor allowed in shots .
SALT LAKE CITY ( AP ) 
Utah 's supply of flavored malt beverages will likely be exhausted in a few weeks as manufacturers decide whether to comply with labeling rules intended to make it clear the products contain alcohol .
Utah has some of the strictest liquor laws in the country , a byproduct of its large Mormon population .
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints counsels members not to drink alcohol , and the church is highly influential among state lawmakers on alcohol policy .
On Wednesday , Utah will be the only state to ban the sale of fruity alcoholic drinks at grocery stores and convenience stores in an effort to keep them from minors .
Those drinks also must have new state - approved labels on the front of the product that contain capitalized letters in bold type telling consumers the drinks contain alcohol and at what percentage .
So far , no new labels have been approved .
Utah Department of Alcholic Beverage Control spokeswoman Sharon Mackay said the state 's limited supply of those drinks will likely be gone in a few weeks .
Flavored malt beverages are already sold in state liquor stores , but they have a higher alcohol content than what has been allowed in grocery stores .
They also have the same labels found in the rest of the country .
Some manufacturers have already decided it 's not worth it to produce new labels just for Utah .
" Thanks to the Legislature , Smirnoff Ice is no longer available in Utah , " said Zsoka McDonald , spokeswoman for Diageo , one of the world 's largest multinational beer , wine and spirits firms .
" It 's just not cost effective . "
Mackay said the department wo n't reorder any of the flavored malt beverages it has in stock until manufacturers comply with new labeling requirements .
" Many manufacturers , frankly , have not decided whether it's worth carrying the product to make changes on the labels , " Mackay said .
" It 's anybody 's guess which ones will be carried . "
Republican Gov. Jon Huntsman said banning products like Zima , Smirnoff Ice and Seagram 's Fuzzy Navel from grocery stores would harm Utah 's image , but agreed to it in exchange for increasing the amount of liquor allowed in shots and standard cocktails to 1.5 ounces , up from 1 ounce .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
From school playgrounds to digging up the lawns of the White House and Downing St , there are many wasted spaces where we could be inspiring people to grow their own food
A couple of weeks ago I was fortunate enough to visit Marlborough First and Middle school in Harrow , Middlesex , to congratulate its pupils on winning the national Charlie and Lola recycling competition held earlier this year .
Hundreds of primary schools across the country took part and Marlborough 's pupils were awarded first prize for their hugely impressive playground mural made with hundreds of discarded CDs , bottle tops and other domestic waste items they had collected at home .
On a tour of the school 's grounds afterwards , I chatted to the teachers about the concept of edible playgrounds and how the idea was growing in popularity .
They said they loved the idea , and would start one as soon as they could , but that they were currently stymied by the fact that there was barely an inch of the school 's grounds that was n't covered in concert slabs or asphalt .
We discussed the idea of using stacked tyres as containers , but there was clearly a real desire to break some earth .
They said they might even use the small patch of lawn in front of the school by the gates to build some raised beds but were a little unsure what those in the neighbouring houses that overlook the school might think .
It all reminded me of an interview I did back in the late summer with Monty Don , the new president of the Soil Association , who said one of his main goals in his new role was to inspire communities to come together and start growing some of the own veg for a wide variety of reasons – health , environmental , social bonding , economic .
But he admitted that the big challenge is to convince people to just give it a go .
Once people try it and see the fruits ( and veg ) of their labour in their own hands they tend to be hooked for life .
So what will it take to inspire people to pick up a pitch fork and join the radish revolution ?
Well , opinion formers such as Monty Don showing the way forward is always going to help .
That 's why I really like the idea of the WHO Farm Project in the US .
It 's an attempt to convince Barack Obama to also reach for the spade when he takes the keys to the White House in January and symbolically dig up the famous front lawn in order to toss in some vegetable seeds .
It 's exactly what the Roosevelts did during the second world war and it helped to inspire over 20 m so - called " Victory Gardens " across the US .
The garden at 10 Downing
St is n't blessed with quite as many rods of prime growing land , but Buckingham Palace , and other world - famous sites across the UK , certainly are .
It 's not as if a decent veg patch needs to take up that much room .
And just think of all those other wasted spaces where veg could easily be grown – parks , verges , roundabouts ( OK , that might be a little dangerous ) and all those monoculture corporate HQ landscaped gardens .
And if Gordon Brown , or any other leader , is thinking about their legacy , what would be better than knowing a vegetable variety has been named after you in recognition of your services to vegetable gardening .
The problem for the grateful public would be deciding which vegetable should represent which leader ...
Creative Commons credit
Image : James Marvin Phelps Laminar flow turns turbulent .
Image : James Marvin Phelps
Turbulence has famously been called " the last great unsolved problem in classical physics " by Richard Feynman .
Indeed , the chaotic nature of turbulence makes it nearly impossible to predict , and we are forced to talk about averages and probabilities .
A recent paper in the journal Physical Review Letters takes a stab at the problem by making more precise measurements of the persistence of turbulence than any previous study .
In particular , they focused on the probability that a puff of turbulence will decay back into laminar , non-turbulent , flow .
Fluid flow will tend to be laminar when viscous forces dominate over the inertial forces .
A highly viscous fluid , such as honey , will tend towards laminar flow , while a less viscous fluid , such as water , will be more likely to flow turbulently .
Of course , the intertial forces are also important .
The faster a fluid flows , the more likely it is to flow turbulently .
To quantify this relationship , we use the so - called Reynolds number .
For flow in a pipe , the Reynolds number can be calculated as the fluid velocity times the pipe diameter divided by the kinematic viscosity .
To study the persistence of turbulence , Hof et al .
set up a narrow pipe with water flowing through it , with a location at which they could inject a burst of water that would induce turbulence .
They could then observe whether or not that turbulence persisted as it traveled down the pipe .
They made their set up such that they could vary the Reynolds number around a critical value determined by a previous study .
That previous study , by Willis and Kerswell , postulated that there was a critical Reynolds number ( about 1875 ) at which turbulence would persist indefinitely .
The present study suggests that turbulence would not persist , but the probability of it decaying would become very small .
To measure these small probabilities , one must be able to repeat a measurement a large number of times .
Past studies have n't been able to do this because they were not able to maintain a constant Reynolds number .
The problem stems not from maintaining a constant velocity or pipe diameter ; instead , maintaining a constant viscosity is a challenge .
Viscosity is related to the temperature of the fluid , and minor temperature fluctuations over time produce changes in the Reynolds number .
The current study managed an amazing level of precision .
The researchers controlled the temperature of the water to within 0.05 Kelvin over several days of measurements , all of which involved water flowing through a 14 m long pipe that was a mere 4 mm in diameter .
This resulted in an increase in the range of measurable lifetimes by five orders of magnitude !
Their measurements showed that , even at higher Reynolds numbers , the turbulence could still collapse back to laminar flow with a finite probability .
They suggest that this could be true at even higher Reynolds numbers than they were able to measure , thus making turbulence a chaotic repellor instead of an attractor .
Physical Review Letters , 2008 .
DOI : 10.1103/PhysRevLett.101.214501
Breaking : Obama Announces Transition Team
Created : November 05 , 2008 15:12 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
CHICAGO , Ill . — Barack Obama is presumably enjoying his first day as president - elect , but he also got right to work .
After an hour at Regents Park this morning , Obama hunkered down in a building near his campaign headquarters in downtown Chicago .
The plan is to spend five hours there , according to aide Jen Psaki .
Obama will huddle with aides and also speak on a national conference call to thank his victorious organizers .
Obama also announced a transition team , organized as a 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) , and a new website , change.gov , to share the process with the public .
John Podesta , Valerie Jarrett and Pete Rouse are running the effort , and they will draw on this advisory board :
Carol Browner , William Daley , Christopher Edley , Michael Froman , Julius Genachowski , Donald Gips , Gov. Janet Napolitano , Federico Peña , Susan Rice , Sonal Shah , Mark Gitenstein , and Ted Kaufman .
The transition team ’s senior staff was also announced , featuring many key operatives from the Obama campaign :
Chris Lu – Executive Director
Dan Pfeiffer – Communications Director
Stephanie Cutter – Chief Spokesperson
Cassandra Butts – General Counsel
Jim Messina – Personnel Director
Patrick Gaspard – Associate Personnel Director
Christine Varney – Personnel Counsel
Melody Barnes – Co-Director of Agency Review
Lisa Brown – Co-Director of Agency Review
Phil Schiliro – Director of Congressional Relations
Michael Strautmanis – Director of Public Liaison and Intergovernmental Affairs
Katy Kale – Director of Operations
Brad Kiley – Director of Operations
When Obama entered the building today , he also took a moment to acknowledge the traveling reporters who spent a long night monitoring his evolution from candidate to president - elect .
“ Hi guys — did you get much sleep ? ” he asked , according to a pool report .
One photographer replied “ not much , ” and a Reuters reporter returned the question .
“ Not as much as I ’d like , ” Obama said , just before he entered the building .
The very modern Monte Rosa Alpine hut , outside Zermatt , is an exotic creation set atop the snow - clad Swiss Alps at 2,810 m above sea level , overlooking the Matterhorn .
This new 90 % energy efficient solar powered hut is a creation of the Department of Architecture , at the Swiss Federal Technical University in Zurich , for the Swiss Alpine Club as a mountaineer ’s retreat .
The hut which is an original wooden structure is digitally optimized to give it its grandeur crystalline look .
Studio Monte Rosa is the perfect haunt for the adventurous mountaineer , with its fascinating views and an equally comfortable hotel facility .
This state of the art base camp has a 125 room guest facility which is sufficiently equipped .
As the hut is out of range of electric power , most of its energy is drawn from the photo - voltaic panels and thermal systems , while the rest comes from a co-generative heat and power back up source .
Plans are being worked out to use human waste to produce bio - gas so as to make the hut fully dependent on alternate energy .
This self - sufficient hutment which adopts the norms of biosphere conservation has already won itself a Holcim Bronze Award for Sustainable Construction soon after its completion in September .
- via Inhabitat
( Fortune Magazine ) -- Struggle ?
You do n't normally think of that word applying to the company Bill Gates founded .
But there it is : Microsoft , one of the most aggressively competitive , brainiac - attracting , technologically superior , and oh , yes , cash - gushingly profitable companies of all time , can't for the life of it make a dime on the Internet .
It 's not as if earning money on the web is such a remarkable feat .
Everyone knows that Google ( GOOG , Fortune 500 ) remains the company of online advertising , generating operating profits of $ 1.7 billion last quarter on revenues of $ 5.5 billion .
Yet even industry doormats Yahoo ( YHOO , Fortune 500 ) and AOL are profitable .
Yahoo , so badly managed that co-founder Jerry Yang recently demoted himself from CEO to " Chief Yahoo , " eked out operating earnings of $ 70 million in its most recent quarter .
Yang 's return to Chief Yahoo status ( he 'll keep his board seat ) renews speculation that Microsoft will try again to buy Yahoo , or at the very least , ink a search deal with it .
But that 's getting ahead of the story of why Microsoft ( MSFT , Fortune 500 ) wanted Yahoo in the first place .
AOL , a shell of its former self ( and , like Fortune , a unit of Time Warner ( TWX , Fortune 500 ) ) , earned $ 268 million in the same quarter .
As for Microsoft , which has been at this online thing for a decade , give or take , losses continue to mount .
The division in question is Microsoft 's Online Services Business , which includes the online portal MSN , the aQuantive ad agency Microsoft bought last year for $ 6 billion , and Live Search .
For the quarter that ended Sept. 30 , online revenues grew 15 % , to $ 770 million .
But the unit lost nearly half a billion dollars ( $ 480 million , to be exact ) .
That loss was 80 % greater than the year - earlier quarter 's splat of red ink .
At one level , the explanation for Microsoft 's weak showing is simple .
Desperate to catch Google , Microsoft has been spending like mad on data centers , people , and marketing .
But its online audience is relatively small - much smaller than Google 's - and those costs grossly outweigh sales .
( Some 72 % of the online unit 's revenues come from ads , most of which are of the display variety , as opposed to search ads . )
Microsoft may have been noodling on the web since the 1990s , but it was only four years ago that the company woke up to the need to compete in search - where a disproportionate share of online profits are today .
Hence it is the new kid on that block , a tough place to be in a world where Google is as much the neighborhood bully as Microsoft is in PC software .
Microsoft is understandably touchy on the subject of its online travails .
The company declined to provide any of the five executives who have direct responsibility for its online businesses - Windows chiefs Bill Veghte and Steven Sinofsky , former aQuantive CEO Brian McAndrews , search - engineering head Satya Nadella , or web - marketing honcho Yusuf Mehdi - for interviews .
A different Microsoft executive responded testily when approached at an industry event in San Francisco with the query that is the headline of this article .
He argued that Microsoft is all that stands between Google and the destruction of ad - supported media as we know it .
" We 're doing this for you , " he snapped , jabbing his finger into the sternum of a startled Fortune writer .
Microsoft knows it has a problem .
In May the former head of online , Kevin Johnson , told his employees in a widely circulated memo , " The fact is that we are not where we want to be in this business yet , and we 've been in this position longer than we 'd like . "
Johnson did find a way out of that position for himself :
He left Microsoft in July to become CEO of Juniper Networks , a telecommunications - hardware company .
The next day Steve Ballmer , Microsoft 's voluble CEO , used an anatomical analogy to explain the company 's online shortcomings .
" Our PC muscles are very well developed , and our server and enterprise muscles are very well developed , " he told a group of financial analysts .
" Our Internet muscles are n't yet as well developed .
But we want to go after it with the same energy . "
It 's quite possible that Microsoft is going after the Internet with too much energy - or at least attacking in too many directions .
Rather than carve out some element of the web where it can shine , Microsoft pursues everything .
Its Live Search competes head - on with Google .
MSN and Hotmail do battle , unimpressively , with Yahoo's e-mail service and Google 's smaller but innovative Gmail .
With recent tweaks to its Windows Live product , Microsoft is mimicking Facebook , in which Microsoft itself invested .
( Refresher : Last year Microsoft paid $ 240 million for a 1.6 % share of Facebook . )
Yet even where Microsoft racks up the most revenues , in its MSN portal , it relies on partners like Fox Sports and MSNBC to do the heavy lifting in terms of creating content .
That dilutes Microsoft 's operating leverage as well as its creative control .
" They 're trying to do everything every major online company does , " says Salman Ullah , a venture capitalist who previously served stints as a dealmaker for both Google and Microsoft .
" Yet they only monetize one way : brand advertising .
And they share that revenue overwhelmingly with partners . "
For a company that has long been known for the clarity of its message - the old mission statement , " A computer on every desk and in every home , running Microsoft software " - Microsoft is n't all that clear about what it wants online .
TechRadar partners with NCSAM NCSAM was launched by the National Cyber Security Alliance & the U.S. Department of Homeland Security in October 2004 to make sure that our online lives - at work and at home - are kept safe and secure .
That 's what National Cybersecurity Awareness Month ( NCSAM ) – observed in October – is all about !
Most households and companies go to great lengths to keep unauthorised users off their networks , but Wi-Fi access points and routers can provide hackers with a convenient way in .
That 's because Wi-Fi signals are often broadcast beyond the walls of buildings and homes and out into the streets - an enticing invitation for hackers .
No wonder that wardriving or drive by hacking is a favourite past time amongst cybercriminals .
Since many companies allow or even actively encourage employees to connect to the network using their own mobile devices - tablets and smartphones as well as laptops - it 's not practical for most companies to switch off Wi -Fi access .
The same applies to home broadband users who might have guests coming over frequently .
Instead , here are a few tips to make your wireless network more secure .
1 . Use stronger encryption
Some Wi-Fi access points still offer the older WEP ( Wired Equivalent Privacy ) standard of protection , but it is fundamentally broken .
That means that hackers can break in to a WEP - protected network using a hacking suite like Aircrack - ng in a matter of minutes .
So to keep out intruders , it 's essential to use some variant of WPA ( Wi - Fi Protected Access ) protection , either WPA or the newer WPA2 standard ( or WPA3 when it lands ) .
For smaller companies and households , it may be practical to use WPA with a pre-shared key .
That means that all employees or family members use the same password to connect , and network security depends on them not sharing the password with outsiders .
It also means that the password should be changed every time an employee leaves the company .
Some Wi-Fi routers offer a feature called Wireless Protect Setup ( WPS ) which provided an easy way to connect devices to a WPA protected wireless network .
However , this can be exploited by hackers to retrieve your WPA password , so it is important to disable WPS in the router 's settings .
In larger organisations , it makes more sense to use WPA in enterprise mode , which allows each user to have their own username and password to connect to the Wi-Fi network .
This makes it much easier to manage when employees are leaving regularly , as you can simply disable ex-employees ' accounts ; but to use WPA in enterprise mode you have to run a server ( known as a RADIUS server ) which stores the login information for each employee .
Check out our list of the best VPN providers in the market .
2 . Use a secure WPA password
Make sure that any password ( or passphrase ) that protects your Wi-Fi network is long and random so it can't be cracked by a determined hacker .
It is all too easy to set up any equipment with its default settings , especially as the default admin name and password are often printed on the router itself to allow quick access and setup .
This means that hackers will try these to access your network .
Changing both access name and password will make it more difficult for a criminal to gain access .
You can test the security of your WPA protected network ( without revealing your password or passphrase ) by using the CloudCracker service .
You 'll be asked to provide some data ( the same data that a hacker could capture or " sniff " out of the air with a laptop from anywhere in range of your network ) and the service will attempt to extract your password .
If the service is unsuccessful then a hacker is unlikely to be successful either .
But if the service finds your password then you know that you need to choose a longer , more secure one .
Bear in mind that even WPA2 security standard is unlikely to resist a well organised and stubborn hacker or hacking group thanks to the KRACK Wi-Fi flaw that was discovered in October 2017 .
3. Check for rogue Wi-Fi access points
Rogue access points present a huge security risk .
These are n't your company 's " official " Wi -Fi access points , but ones that have been brought in by employees ( perhaps because they can't get a good Wi - Fi signal in their office ) or conceivably by hackers who have entered your building and surreptitiously connected one to an Ethernet point and hidden it .
In either case , rogue access points present a risk because you have no control over them or how they are configured : for example , one could be set up to broadcast your SSID ( the 32 character identifier for a wireless network ) and allow anyone to connect without providing a password .
To detect rogue access points you need to scan your offices and the area around it on a regular basis using a laptop of mobile device equipped with suitable software such as Vistumbler ( a wireless network scanner ) or airodump-ng .
These programs allow the laptop to " sniff " the airwaves to detect any wireless traffic travelling to or from a rogue access point , and help you identify where they are located .
4. Provide a separate network for guests
If you want to allows visitors to use your Wi -Fi , it 's sensible to offer a guest network .
This means that they can connect to the internet without getting access to your company 's or family 's internal network .
This is important both for security reasons , and also to prevent them inadvertently infecting your network with viruses or other malware .
One way to do this is by using a separate internet connection with its own wireless access point .
In fact this is rarely necessary as most business grade ( and a lot of newer consumer ) wireless routers have the capability of running two Wi -Fi networks at once - your main network , and another for guests ( often with the SSID " Guest " . )
It makes sense to turn on WPA protection on your guest network - rather than leave it open - for two important reasons .
The first is to provide some level of control over who uses it : you can provide the password to guests on request , and as long as you change it frequently you can prevent the number of people who know the password growing too large .
But more importantly , this protects your guests from other people on the guest network who may try to snoop on their traffic .
That 's because even though they are using the same WPA password to access the network , each user 's data is encrypted with a different " session key , " which keeps it safe from other guests .
5 . Hide your network name
Wi-Fi access points are usually configured by default to broadcast the name of your wireless network - known as the service set identifier , or SSID - to make it easy to find and connect to .
But the SSID can be also be set to " hidden " so that you have to know the name of the network before you can connect to it .
Given that employees should know the name of your company Wi -Fi network ( and the same goes for family members and friends in a households ) , it makes no sense to broadcast it so that anyone else who happens to be passing by can easily find it too .
It 's important to note that hiding your SSID should never be the only measure you take to secure your Wi-Fi network , because hackers using Wi -Fi scanning tools like airodump - ng can still detect your network and its SSID even when it is set to " hidden . "
But security is all about providing multiple layers of protection , and by hiding your SSID you may avoid attracting the attention of opportunistic hackers , so it is a simple measure that is worth taking .
6 . Use a firewall
Hardware firewalls provide the first line of defence against attacks coming from outside of the network , and most routers have firewalls built into them , which check data coming into and going out and block any suspicious activity .
The devices are usually set with reasonable defaults that ensure they do a decent job .
Most firewalls use packet filtering , which looks at the header of a packet to figure out its source and destination addresses .
This information is compared to a set of predefined and / or user - created rules that govern whether the packet is legitimate or not , and thus whether it's to be allowed in or discarded .
Software firewalls usually run on the endpoint desktop or laptop , with the advantage of providing a better idea what network traffic is passing through the device .
More than just which ports are being used and where data is going , it will know which applications are being used and can allow or block that program 's ability to send and receive data .
If the software firewall is n't sure about a particular program it can ask the user what it should do before it blocks or allows traffic .
7. Enable MAC authentication for your users
You can limit who accesses your wireless network even further by only allowing certain devices to connect to it and barring the rest .
Each wireless device will have a unique serial number known as a MAC address , and MAC authentication only allows access to the network from a set of addresses defined by the administrator .
This prevents unauthorised devices from accessing network resources and acts as an additional obstacle for hackers who might want to penetrate your network .
8. Use a VPN
A VPN or virtual private network will help you stay safe and secure online while above all keeping your private stuff private .
They keep your data hidden from prying eyes one end to the other by encrypting it .
In theory , hackers could penetrate your network and they 'd still not be able to do any harm to your system assuming that a VPN is running permanently .
Preamble Hello .
Given the tedious and predictable hegemony of the Premier League 's bigger clubs , it 's inevitable we 'll scour hopefully for weaknesses , like subscribers to Heat magazine : this much cellulite on Angelina Jolie , say , or rumours that Brad Pitt still soils the bed if he has too much Gym Syrup .
Yet this season Chelsea 's weakness has been obvious : their home form .
They have seven wins out of seven away in the league but only three at home .
Not since the Second World War have they gathered such a low percentage of their points at home ( 36 ) , although of course that should balance out by the end of the season .
You 'd fancy them to get all three against a weakened Arsenal side today , but then Arsenal 's need is even greater : they are ten points behind Chelsea , and if they lose they are out of the title race .
Chelsea ( 4 - 1 - 3 -2 ) Cech ; Bosingwa ; Ivanovic , Terry , Ashley Cole ; Mikel ; Ballack , Deco , Lampard ; Kalou , Anelka .
Subs : Hilario , Malouda , Bridge , Ferreira , Mineiro , Alex , Stoch .
Arsenal ( 4 - 4 -2 ) Almunia ; Sagna , Gallas , Djourou , Clichy ; Denilson , Fabregas , Song Billong , Nasri ; Adebayor , Van Persie .
Subs : Fabianski , Vela , Ramsey , Silvestre , Wilshere , Bendtner , Gibbs .
The team news poses a few questions .
Chelsea 's collection of outfield players would suggest a switch from their usual 4 - 1 - 2 - 3 to 4 - 1 - 3 - 2 .
That 's interesting , not least because Chelsea came from 1 - 0 down to beat Arsenal 2 - 1 at home last season only when Avram Grant made that exact tactical switch ( to chants of " You do n't know what you 're doing " and " Baron Greenback is a banker " * ) .
I miss Avram Grant .
Arsenal , meanwhile , prefer Johan Djourou ahead of Mikael Silvestre .
Two reasons : a ) he 's good in the air and b ) he 's not Mikael Silvestre .
Adebayor and Sagna are fit .
* Okay , one of these might be a big , obese lie .
Tactics watch Andy Gray reckons it will be the usual 4-1-2-3/4-1-4-1 , with Deco wide left and Kalou right .
As he has published a book on tactics second only to Jonathan Wilson 's * , I 'll take his word for it .
* No , I do n't know of any others for over - 12s either .
And there wo n't be any now because Wilson's , which really is marvellous , has closed the market .
Prediction : Chelsea 1 - 2 Arsenal
You heard me .
1 min Arsenal kick off from left to right .
2 min " How much better are Chelsea under magician Big Phil than under dear old Uncle Avram ? " devil 's advocates Gary Naylor
They are easier on the eye , but the results have n't jumped forward very far have they ?
And is n't the criticism of Professor Wenger that his pretty patterns do n't actually deliver the points ?
Uncle Avram got an unfair press because he was n't Jose , Big Phil , ' Appy ' Arry or any of the other quote - machines the journos love . "
If Mourinho had done Grant 's monosyllabic press conference , it'd have been hailed as Cloughish genius .
3 min A typical thud - and - blunder start .
The atmosphere sounds fantastic .
I 'm still not sure what system Chelsea are playing .
Kalou is roaming a lot , but Deco is definitely playing to the left of centre .
I think it is their usual 4 - 1 - 2 - 3 , but Kalou seems to have a lot of freedom to join Anelka : in that attack , he runs across the line onto Deco 's through pass and is wrongly given offside .
5 min It 's all Chelsea thus far .
Anelka goes down in the box under a challenge from Fabregas , but he got something on the penalty and the only half - appeal came from Martin Tyler in the Sky box .
8 min
At the moment Chelsea 's physicality is too much for Arsenal , who have yet to get into the game .
9 min " Hi Rob .
In the first minute you wrote ' Arsenal kick off from left to right ' .
Is n't the ball supposed to go forwards , not sideways ? " says Robin Hazlehurst , setting the tone for another afternoon of defiantly untickled ribs and lost serotonin .
10 min
The first corner goes to Arsenal , but it leads to Chelsea breaking , outstandingly through Kalou , to eventually win a corner of their own .
It comes to nothing .
11 min Deco has n't been in the game much yet , which is the problem in the system .
I still do n't see how you can play him , Lampard and Ballack in a 4 - 1 - 2 -
3
12 min Arsenal have come into the game a bit now .
Van Persie breaks clear down the left and his low , driven cross is put behind at the near post by Ivanovic .
It 's cleared and then switched to the other side , the right , where Adebayor has loads of space .
His cross is taken off the head of Van Persie by Gallas eight yards out and screws acros to Fabregas beyond the back post .
His low , slightly scuffed shot rebounds off the squatting Cech and away .
14 min Fabregas really gets hold of a 30 - yarder but it 's straight at Cech .
15 min I 've been accused of many obsessions over the years – myself , that booze , myself , Her , myself – but this is a new low .
" Good God man you 're obsessed with formations , " says Eoin Reynolds .
" As the grey - haired wise one John Giles would say , the formation does n't matter if your players are good enough and they know what they 're supposed to be doing . "
Here 's a formation : 2 - 2 - 2 .
That 's the number of fingers I 'm insouciantly flicking in the direction of tacticphobes today , tomorrow , and forever more .
18 min
The jet - heeled Bosingwa scoots brilliantly past Nasri and Clichy but , with all sorts of options in the box , he sees tomorrow 's headlines and thrashes horribly over .
20 min Presumably in an attempt to get Deco in the game more by reshuffling , Kalou has gone up front now , so the formation is 4 - 1 - 3 - sorry .
21 min
One thing about Arsenal is that , no matter how poor their form , their youngsters are so cocky that the challenge of a big away game will never scare me .
If anything it will rouse them : the moral ground is potentially so much higher in Manchester , Liverpool and Chelsea than anywhere else in England .
24 min Lovely move from Chelsea .
Ballack plays a pass down the right to the marauding Bosinga , whose first - time cross finds Lampard , on the run , 15 yards out .
His flashing header is too close to Almunia , and comfortably saved , but it was beautifully constructed .
25 min " Talking of tactics , the coach of my school football team apparently had n't heard that the pyramid had been inverted , as we played a 2 - 3 - 5 , " says Mac Millings .
" This was in the '80s .
The 1980s .
I was one of the unfortunate 2 .
On the plus side , it kept me busy . "
26 min
The switch to 4 - 1 - 3 - 2 has brought Chelsea 's full - backs into the game offensively , as it must , but Cole seemed to lose something under Mourinho and is nowhere near as dangerous or confident going forward as Bosingwa .
28 min Gallas takes Kalou down on the edge of the box .
At first glance I thought he'd got the ball , and Arsene Wenger is furious , but replays show it was a really good decision from Mike Dean .
The free - kick is in the D , perfectly central , and Ballack 's clipped effort goes into the top of the wall : Adebayor 's head , to be precise .
29 min " Re 15 mins , Johnny Giles is right , " says Gary Naylor .
" Every British fan knows that formations and tactics do n't matter , as the sages of radio phone - ins prove day after day .
To overcome the organisational and technical challenge presented by opponents , all that 's needed is PASSION !
If only England players had a bit more of this , the last four World Cups would surely have been ours . "
GOAL !
Chelsea 1 - 0 Arsenal ( Djourou og 30 ) Johan Djourou , brought in for this game ahead of Silvestre , scores an own - goal .
Yet the real fault lies with Manuel Almunia .
At the end of a sustained piece of Chelsea pressure , he caught a corner and , instead of cooling things down , threw it straight back to Chelsea on the right .
Two passes later Bosingwa was free on the right , and his magnificent low cross was turned in at the near post by the stretching Djourou .
It 's hard to blame him , because he had no idea what was behind him ( as it transpired , Gallas would probably have got it ) and had to play it .
Andy Gray uses the cricket term " corridor of uncertainty " and that 's exactly where that cross was : in between defenders and goalkeeper , and fizzed with real pace .
33 min Chelsea are rampant , Arsenal are ragged , and only a wonderful challenge from Sagna denies Kalou eight yards out as he runs onto Deco 's mischievous through pass .
34 min Action at the other end now , as Van Persie draws a very good diving save from Cech with a scuffed , off - balance right - foot volley that was probably sneaking in at the far post .
He did really well to get a shot away there .
Moments later Denilson dives laughably in the box but gets away without a yellow card .
38 min " In case anyone read the Manchester derby MBM and is worried about me , I 'm still on a bus , in traffic somewhere in Maryland , " says Emmett Williams , proving that there are other things to be obsessed about rather than formations .
39 min
The game has calmed down after that little flurry , and you suspect both side would take half - time now so that they can reappraise things .
40 min Adebayor has n't had a kick by the way .
I 'm not sure how fit he is , as he was a doubt for this game .
41 min Chelsea have reverted to 4 - 1 - 2 - 3 - which paradoxically is probably less positive a formation than 4 - 1 - 3 - 2 , at least as they play it - since the goal .
44 min
It 's drifting towards half - time .
Anelka nearly breaks free onto Ashley Cole 's long , angled pass .
He does n't .
45 min Two minutes of added time .
" Did you see who was the most indignant Chelsea mercenary after Denilson 's sniper - attack felling ? ' says Manjinder Sidhu .
" Yes , Michael Ballack .
Who said Germans do n't have an enviable sense of humour , eh ? .
That should be put in a song by Alanis Morissette or something . "
Ballack did go ballistic , demanding that Denilson be given a yellow card or at least a Two Pints Of Lager And A Packet Of Crisps boxset for his sin .
Half time : Chelsea 1 - 0 Arsenal Chelsea lead deservedly after a decent half .
Arsenal had more shots , both on goal and on target , but most were from distance and Chelsea had the more dangerous openings .
The decisive one came when Jose Bosingwa 's devastating cross was turned into his own net by Johan Djourou .
See you in 15 minutes .
Half - time chit - chat " Is n't the footballing equivalent of cricket 's ' Corridor of Uncertainty ' the ' Position of Maximum Opportunity ' ? " says Gary Naylor .
" Getting the ball into the POMO was the objective of Graham Taylor and other devotees of Charles Hughes 's approach to tactics - and they are much derided in the bright and shiny Premier League .
Sometimes , just sometimes , hitting the POMO is the right tactic - though I bet Arsene knows otherwise . "
Surely the POMO is a shifting space , no ?
I suppose the COU is also a shifting space but essentially it amounts to the same thing : the space in between keeper and defender .
In fairness I do n't really know that much about the POMO , intractable aesthete that I obviously am .
Christopher King takes stick .
Waves it in my direction " I see your following the lead of andy gray in blaming almunia for the
goal .
may I point out that over the years one of the features of
arsenal 's play has been the ability to put the ball in the
opposition 's net in moves direct from their opponent 's corners .
the
fault lay with the arsenal player he threw it to who did n't shield the
ball and consequently lost it . "
I do n't usually disagree with keeper - led counter - attacks , obviously , and Bramall Lane 1992 still has a little place in my Little Book of Knee Trembling Moments , but you have to be conscious of the temperature of a game , and at that point Arsenal were being overrun .
It was dying out for him to give them a breather .
And his throw was too firm , so it skipped away from the man ( Denilson ? ) .
All this , I should stress , is only my humble one , and I may be and probably am wrong .
The other Premier League scores today by the way , were :
Spurs 0 - 1 Everton
Portsmouth 3 - 2 Blackburn
Robinho 0 - 1 Rafael
46 min Chelsea kick off .
It 's hard to see what Arsenal can do here , beyond the usual .
Certainly tactical changes are n't a big thing in Wenger 's world , not since the days of regularly bringing on Vivas or Grimandi for Bergkamp if 1 - 0 up , back in the late - 90s .
47 min Chelsea have resumed in 4 - 1 - 2 - 3 shape .
" The formation seems to be changing faster than you can say Emmanuel Adebayor , " says Eoin Reynolds .
" Are you sure you are n't just getting confused by the players running around the pitch ? "
Well I still do n't understand the Usual Suspects , having watched it 666 times , so it 's entirely possible .
49 min Deco 's simply delicious reverse pass frees Cole on the left in the box , and his cut - back is cleared desperately by Djourou .
Chelsea have dominated possession since the break .
If they really want a second goal it's there for them , because they are significantly superior to Arsenal today , as I predicted before this game .
52 min Lampard fires just wide from the edge of the box .
Kalou tried to stab a pass in behind for Anelka ; it was blocked by Djourou and , as it broke loose , Lampard arrived on the scene but scuffed his shot wide of the right post .
By his stratospheric standards , that was almost a sitter .
SPECIAL MESSAGE FOR MR EOIN REYNOLDS Chelsea appear to have once again returned to 4 - 1 - 3 - 2 .
56 min Chelsea continue to dominate .
Arsenal have n't going at all this half , and it can't be long before a change is made : maybe a straight swap for Adebayor , who does n't look fit .
58 min I feel sorry for Djourou , who has actually had a really good game and scoots across to stop Deco reaching a nice scooped pass from Anelka .
GOAL !
Chelsea 1 - 1 Arsenal ( Van Persie 59 )
Where the hell did that come from ?
Arsenal had n't had a kick in the second half but they certainly have now .
Denilson stabbed a pass through to Van Persie , who was clearly offside , on the edge of the box and he thrashed it high past Cech with his weaker right foot .
It 's an emphatic finish from Van Persie , who has been excellent today as a lone striker ( yes I know Adebayor is playing ) , but he looked to be not just a bit offside , but miles .
That 's an appalling piece of officiating , but do n't forget to respect it .
61 min Terry is booked for a two - footed challenge on Sagna .
That could easily have been a red card if he was n't the England capt - sorry , if Mike Dean had judged it differently .
Terry went low , and that saved him , but he had both feet off the ground and with studs showing .
GOAL !
Chelsea 1 - 2 Arsenal ( Van Persie 62 ) Fitba ?
Bloody hell .
Arsenal are in front !
Fabregas drives a long , diagonal free - kick from the left which is headed back across goal by Adebayor , and Van Persie spins to drive it through Lampard 's legs , across Cech and into the far corner .
It 's an outstanding , instinctive finish , and a truly staggering scoreline given the flow of the game .
63 min
To pass the time in the Guardian office this morning , between slapping each other on the back , we concurred that Van Persie place in the pantheon was seriously compromised by his record against the big clubs .
Football expertise , right here .
66 min Chelsea are shell - shocked , and frankly you can't blame them .
67 min " Who 's this Boswinga bloke Andy Gray keeps going on about ? " says Archi Campbell .
" Graham Taylor 's mentioned him too .
Is Pleatitis contagious ? "
Now , now : that 's my colleague you 're talking about .
We 're pals * .
* We 're not pals .
We 've never met , obviously .
In fact , apart from football , I can't think of a single interest we might share .
68 min A brilliant , zig - zagging run from Clichy is ended cynically by Ivanovic on the edge of his own box .
My flabber is gast that he has n't been booked for that .
Van Persie , on a hat - trick , welts the free - kick a few yards wide .
70 min Chelsea substitution : Mikel off , Malouda on .
So now it 's 4 - 2 - 1 - 3 with no holding midfielder .
My head hurts .
71 min Chelsea are gathering momentum again , and Cole 's driven cross from the left of the box falls a couple of yards behind Kalou .
72 min Camera cuts to Drogba in the crowd , headphones on and pouting like a diverticulitis - ridden Victoria Beckham .
He 's suspended because of that coin - throwing nonsense , of course .
74 min A delicious exchange between Adebayor and Van Persie on the edge of the box ends with Denilson crossing wastefully from the right .
75 min Adebayor has come to life now and , though Chelsea are having much of the ball , Arsenal carry real menace on the counter .
Maybe too much : Arsenal are pushing as many as five players forward in attack , evoking memories of their ( alleged - I did n't see it ) naivety in the 4 - 4 draw against Spurs .
77 min Here 's Niall Mullen .
" I once stood in a lift next to David Pleat .
It was one of my six degrees of separation from you Rob .
Now I 'll have to start stalking Marina Hydr. Again . "
The best thing about this is that our man Mullen got so excited about sharing his deviant obsession with the twos of people reading this that he did n't even spell Ms Hyde 's name correctly .
78 min Marie Meyer wonders whether Chelsea are flat - track bullies , having tonked the rubbish all season but struggled at home to the bigger sides .
I think there is something in that , particularly when they are without the sometimes irresistible force of Drogba and Essien .
By the same token , wonders Patrick Crumlish , " Are Arsenal small - game bottlers ? "
80 min Chelsea are preparing Miroslav Stoch , who has never played for the club before .
Meanwhile , Deco slams over from 25 yards .
81 min Stoch , a 19 - year - old Slovakian winger , has replaced Deco .
I have no idea what this means tactically .
82 min " I met and spoke with Derek Dougan once at Wolverhampton train station , " says Roger Lawcock .
I honestly do n't know whether to laugh or cry at that tragicomic gem .
83 min Bendtner comes on for Adebayor .
85 min Clichy robs Bosingwa and is clattered by Ivanovic , who is booked .
That should have been his second yellow , but I suppose he might not have made that challenge if he was on one .
I mean on a yellow , not on one .
87 min Malouda hammers a bouncing ball high over the bar .
If this was another team defending their lead in this way , you 'd say they were fairly comfortable .
But this is Arsenal so you can't take anything for granted .
89 min
This result would be a great one for Arsenal , but probably an even better one for Manchester United and especially Liverpool .
90 min
There will be four minutes of added time , but Chelsea have no momentum at all .
Ivanovic gets away with what should have been his third yellow card of the afternoon , when Bendtner tries to knock it round him and run .
Ivanovic took a deliberate step to his right to send the pink - booted nugget flying .
90+1 min Bendtner robs Bosingwa and plays it inside the defence for Denilson , running through on goal .
It 's a glorious chance , but an excitable first touch is too heavy and Cech is out like a shot to smother the , er , shot .
Full time : Chelsea 1 - 2 Arsenal Greavsie was right : it really is a funny old game .
Chelsea looked as comfortable at 1 - 0 as you can ever be in one of these top - four contests , but back - to - back goals from Robin Van Persie - the first offside , the second superb - turned the game on its head , and after that Chelsea looked disturbingly clueless .
Arsenal , seven points off the top , are back in the title race .
I 'm not sure who will be happiest with this : Arsene Wenger , Avram Grant or Martin Tyler .
Thanks for your emails .
Bye .
( Image by John Baichtal )
An EU court rules that Lego rival Mega Brands can keep selling knockoff bricks , according to the Associated Press .
Lego has been around forever – this year it celebrated the 50th anniversary of the classic system brick .
But this great accomplishment is also a weakness , as all its patents have expired .
So cheeseball rivals like Mega are allowed to make inferior bricks that fit into the Lego system .
Look at the picture above .
The brick on the left is a Duplo made by Lego .
The brick on the right is a knockoff made by Mega .
The quality difference is visible even in a photo .
The Duplo is bright and clean ; the Mega - Blok is cheap and faded and obviously uses thinner plastic .
The two types of bricks interlock , because Mega wants to leech business off of Lego .
This year , if you 're in the market for a building toy , stay away from Mega .
There are a lot of systems out there that have great and original ideas of their own — K'nex , Zoob , Lego , and others — that deserve your business .
( Be aware that Mega Brands also sells Magnetix , the magnetic toy recalled after 1,500 incidents were reported of the magnets falling out .
One toddler died and 26 had to undergo emergency surgery after the magnets were swallowed . )
LUBBOCK , Texas -- Texas
Tech gave coach Pat Knight something
his famous father never received from the Red Raiders : 167 points .
Trevor Cook scored a career - high 20 and was one of 10 players in
double figures for Texas Tech , which shattered the school record
for points Thursday night in a 167 - 115 victory over East Central .
Alan Voskuil and John Roberson each had 17 points , and Mike Singletary and Wally Dunn added 16 apiece for the Red Raiders
( 3- 0 ) .
The previous school mark was 128 points , set in a
double - overtime win against Texas on Feb. 20 , 1994 .
" I'm a big believer in confidence , " Knight said .
" We got 10
guys that score double figures .
Proves to them they can at least
put it in the bucket .
Our defense is a little different .
The game
is just so different from anything .
We 're not going to face
anything like this . "
These are exciting times at Texas Tech , where the football team
is ranked No. 2 in the nation thanks to star quarterback Graham
Harrell , All - American receiver Michael Crabtree and coach Mike
Leach 's pass - happy offense .
The high - scoring Red Raiders ( 10 - 0 )
visit No. 5 Oklahoma in a huge game Saturday night .
The basketball squad out in Lubbock is off to a strong start ,
too -- even after Hall of Fame coach Bob Knight stepped down last
season with a record 902 career wins and handed the reins to his
son .
Bob Knight 's teams topped 100 points in five games at Texas
Tech , with a high of 119 .
This was the first time the Red Raiders surpassed 100 since a
103-50 victory over Texas - Pan American on Dec. 10 , 2005 .
Dunn hit one of his four 3 - pointers with 7:43 left in the second
half to give Tech 130 points , breaking the previous school record .
Dontae Figgs scored 19 points to lead seven East Central players in double figures .
Justin Wilkerson scored 17 and Ian Adams added 15 .
The Red Raiders took 113 shots to 94 for East Central ( 0 - 1 ) , quite a pace for 40 minutes .
Texas
Tech led 77 - 57 at halftime .
" Wow , that was fun , was n't it ? " East Central coach Terry
Shannon said .
" We came in with a couple of ideas .
We want to play
an up - tempo game .
We want to force people to play our pace .
We
did n't have to force them .
They went with us and boy they shot the
ball well . "
The 283 combined points also were the most in Texas Tech
history .
The weakening global economy and the tightening of credit for both companies and consumers is making it tougher for IT vendors to rely on a common tool - equipment leasing - to grease wheels and get sales .
Defaults on tech leases - and indeed all kinds of capital equipment leases - are on the rise in the United States , and IT makers are starting to feel the pinch at both ends as some deals go south and it gets harder to make new deals .
When IT juggernaut IBM reported its financial results for the third quarter of 2008 , the company 's chief financial officer , Mark Loughridge , spent a lot more time than usual going over the relatively tiny Global Financing business .
The reasons is that IBM is , whether you know it or not , one of the largest banks in the world , and it has a cost of borrowing that has been lower than that of a lot of banks - and particularly these days , when no one is sure what bank will go under next and therefore no one is sure who to loan money to .
IBM 's Global Financing unit had $ 600 m in revenues in the quarter , 2.5 per cent of IBM 's overall $ 25.3 bn in sales in Q3 .
This is a tiny part of the company , but nearly $ 350 m of that Global Financing revenue drops to the middle line as pre-tax income , which is about 9 per cent of the $ 3.9bn in income that Big Blue booked in the quarter .
And while that money is nice , this is not the real purpose of Global Financing , which has $ 32.4bn in assets and $ 23.8 bn in debt .
The real purpose of the financing unit is to get the reseller channel and end users to finance the acquisition of equipment that IBM in turn gets to book as sales in each quarter .
So what does that portfolio of leases that comprise the debt look like ?
According to Loughridge , IBM has no exposure to consumers because it does not lend to consumers , and it has no exposure to the mortgage market , either .
Moreover , IBM has not in any way securitized its receivables and says further that 97 per cent of the Global Financing portfolio is related to IT financing .
( IBM finances any IT hard and soft wares as well as services , and not just its own stuff , either ) .
According to Loughridge , 60 per cent of the portfolio is at " investment grade , " with 33 per cent rated at Aaa through A3 and 27 per cent rated at Baa1 through Baa3 .
The remaining 40 per cent is not investment grade , but 21 per cent is at the Ba1 through Ba2 level , which is at least close .
Any change in regional or global credit has a big effect on IBM because the company 's customer base - mostly midrange and enterprise - class companies , but also a fairly large number of small businesses - often relies on credit : Sometimes directly , through their own purchases , and sometimes indirectly , through reseller channel financing that allows their resellers to get iron that they in turn sell .
The recent changes in the credit markets have caused IBM to shift its identified loss rates on financing from 1.1 per cent in the third quarter of 2007 to 1.3 per cent in the third quarter of 2008 , and IBM also boosted its anticipated loss rate from 0.3 per cent a year ago to 0.5 per cent now .
This is not a huge jump in terms of percentages , but the numbers are moving in the wrong direction , and IBM has therefore had to boost its reserve coverage to 1.8 per cent .
IBM wants everyone to know it has the situation under control .
" We we closely monitor the credit of our clients , and adjust as needed , " explained Loughridge .
" It 's important to remember that the majority of the assets we are talking about are in support of critical IT operations and have substantial value .
Our leases are non-cancelable and we are financially protected in the event of a merger or acquisition .
" The assets we finance are critical to major financial institutions .
In the event of bankruptcy , leases are often reaffirmed by the bankruptcy courts sustaining our expected lease payments .
If necessary , the financed assets can be recovered and resold through our highly refined marketing operations , which extract significant value in the event we have to repossess the equipment .
So we have the ability to manage our risks . "
\ " She knew this was the right thing to do but just needed to sit with it for a bit to make sure , \ " a top Clinton adviser said .
Clinton to accept State offer
Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton ( D - N.Y. ) plans to accept President - elect Barack Obama ’s expected offer to become secretary of State and resign from the Senate , a top Clinton adviser said .
An announcement is expected shortly after Thanksgiving , officials said .
" She knew this was the right thing to do but just needed to sit with it for a bit to make sure , " the adviser said .
Advertisement
Clinton spokesman Phillippe Reines said in a statement to reporters :
“ We ’re still in discussions , which are very much on track .
Any reports beyond that are premature . ”
Financial disclosure issues have been worked out , aides said .
The choice unites the two rivals in the most protracted presidential primary in American history , giving Obama the Team of Rivals Cabinet he had promised .
Former President Bill Clinton authorized unprecedented disclosures about his finances to Obama 's vetting team , and transition lawyers are satisfied , officials said .
This article tagged under : 2010
Politics
The Today Show Halloween Costume PHOTOS
The Today Show on NBC got into the Halloween spirit on their morning talk show and once again this year , it was a great showing by all of the on air celebrities .
Matt Lauer was a handsome Humpty Dumpty and his co-host Meredith Vieira made a great wooden boy aka Pinocchio .
Ann Curry was Cinderella and Al Roker did the Gingerbread Man proud .
Other notables were Kathie Lee Gifford as The Big Bad Wolf , Hoda Kotb as Little Red Riding Hood and Amy Robac as Rapunzel .
Even Natalie Morales , currently off on maternity leave , appeared in costume with her young son and the new babe in her arms .
See Today Show Halloween Costumes 2009 HERE .
Check out our photo gallery below .
Be sure to review related articles below for more great celebrity Halloween photos .
We 've included a few from Regis & Kelly 's Halloween show below .
Photos : WENN
Information
Filename : 1223763740127.jpg
Size : 800x604
Uploaded : 2008-11-13
Tags
violentacres
Popular tags on the site
rippenspreizer falco stephy ryushin_09 cat family ryushin_ 14 spain ebooks yuko cia rx7 ryushin_15 avril cheerleader chubby motivational smashing death_note comic bier sprites giger shevington mariage jessica soepkip 1999 krystal wallpaper glastonbury fxc dubai forza manga ka_series_l megaten himos donnamodelo.com rwpeuro2006 paintball bonton emma ranma renee magic dilbert hr_giger 1nsane
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
Login : Password : Remember Me Register Blogs >>
RolfRolles 's Blog
Created : Friday , November 28 2008 01:33.56 CST
Printer Friendly ... Switch as Binary Search , Part 0 Author : RolfRolles # Views : 8860
For a standard switch with a contiguous region of cases , as in the below , compilers generate constant - time lookups by treating the cases as indexes into an array of pointers .
switch ( x )
{
case 10 : /* case 10 code */ break ;
// No case 11 ( default )
case 12 : /* case 12 code */ break ;
case 13 : /* case 13 code */ break ;
case 14 : /* case 14 code */ break ;
// No case 15 ( default )
case 16 : /* case 16 code */ break ;
default : /* default code */ break ;
}
sub eax , 10
cmp eax , 6
ja @default
jmp dword ptr switch_table[eax * 4 ]
switch_table dd offset loc_case0
dd offset default
dd offset loc_case2
dd offset loc_case3
dd offset loc_case4
dd offset default
dd offset loc_case6
...
For switches with multiple labels pointing to the same code , some compilers save space by generating doubly - indexed , tabular code .
switch ( x )
{
case 0x00..0x20 : /* 0x00 <= x < 0x20 code */ break ;
case 0x21..0x40 : /* 0x21 <= x < 0x40 code */ break ;
}
cmp eax , 40 h
ja @over
movzx eax , byte ptr index_table [eax * 4 ]
jmp dword ptr switch_table[eax * 4 ]
; 72 bytes instead of 256
index_table db 32 DUP(0 )
db 32 DUP(1 )
switch_table dd offset loc_case_00_00
dd offset loc_case_20_40
For switches with non-contiguous , sparsely - distributed cases like the below , the table - based approaches from above are unsuitable , and yet cases like this do appear in practice , so the compiler must have a strategy for dealing with them .
switch ( x )
{
case 0x0 :
case 0x16 :
case 0x326 :
case 0x9821 :
case 0x90826 :
case 0x278946 :
case 0x4578939 :
case 0x12372826 :
default :
}
One obvious solution to this problem would be to generate a sequence of comparisons , one for each case , starting from the lowest case and ending with the highest .
This would work , but the lookup would be O ( N ) in the number of case labels .
An equally obvious solution , and one that was mentioned in the book " Reversing " , is to generate a binary search construct in the generated code to perform lookups in O ( log ( N ) ) time .
To briefly review binary searching , consider the ( necessarily ) sorted sequence [ 1;2;3;4;5;6;7;8;9 ] , and consider finding the value 2 .
We begin by comparing against the middle element , 5 . Since 2 is lesser , we discard all values 5 and above and consider those below it .
Now we have a smaller range of values upon which we can perform the same procedure .
[ 1;2;3;4 ]
As before , we compare against the middle element , 3 .
Since it is lesser , we can discard anything above 3 , leaving [ 1 ; 2 ] as the remaining search space .
[ 1;2 ]
The middle element is 2 , which is our search key , so we stop .
This process took three steps ( log ( 9 ) ) to complete , compared with N=9 steps for searching the whole array .
The compiler is responsible for generating code that implements these comparisons .
The first comparison will be against the middle element in the collection ; whether the case value is above or below determines whether to repeat the process for the integers above or below the middle one .
At each comparison there is a corresponding equality test to see whether the search key is the same as the comparator .
Below is an example of this construct in the wild .
AUTO:00462141 cmp eax , 0E3h
AUTO:00462146 jnb loc_46220F ; see below
AUTO:0046214C cmp eax , 73h
AUTO:0046214 F jnb loc_463131
AUTO:00462155 cmp eax , 3Bh
AUTO:00462158 jnb loc_463606
AUTO:0046215E cmp eax , 1Fh
AUTO:00462161 jnb loc_463835
AUTO:00462167 cmp eax , 10h
AUTO:0046216A jnb loc_463948
AUTO:00462170 cmp eax , 8
AUTO:00462173 jnb loc_4639D1
AUTO:00462179 cmp eax , 4
AUTO:0046217C jnb loc_463A1A
AUTO:00462182 cmp eax , 2
AUTO:00462185 jnb loc_463A2E
AUTO:0046220 F ja loc_462257
AUTO:00462211 push ebx ; case 0E3h
AUTO:00462212 call sub_460920
Hex - Rays does a nice job of illustrating the time - consuming ugly confusingness
of dealing with code like this :
if ( v7 <= 0x837FDF02 )
goto LABEL_755 ;
if ( v7 >= 0x837FE22C )
{
if ( v7 <= 0x837FE22C )
return sub_45EA80 ( v4 ) ;
if ( v7 < 0x837FE358 )
{
if ( 2088770818 != v5 )
goto LABEL_10 ;
goto LABEL_97 ;
}
if ( v7 <= 0x837FE358 )
goto LABEL_750 ;
if ( 2088770608 != v5 )
goto LABEL_10 ;
goto LABEL_100 ;
}
if ( v7 < 0x837FE0E2 )
goto LABEL_10 ;
if ( v7 <= 0x837FE0E2 )
goto LABEL_535 ;
if ( 2088771118 == v5 )
{
sub_460880 ( v4 ) ;
goto LABEL_23 ;
}
MUSIC NEWS - NIN fans recently received an email request from Trent Reznor , with a request to complete a survey ( from Question Pro ) for him .
Nine Inch Nails ( and their mgmt ? ) is trying to find out more about fans ’ online habits and preferences for music , tix , etc .
He 'll ask you number of shopping habit questions and background info .
To get you interested , they offer everyone who completes the survey a video file of a live performance from the most recent NIN tour .
Plus , additional prizes will be awarded .
So if you want to help
Trent get his marketing and digital direction update in the 21st century , please help him out ( and let him know MUSICNEWSNET sent you ) .
For current NIN tour info of North and South America , click here .
While you 're at it , give MNN a comment too , tells us what you 're into !
DURHAM , N.C. , and BRUSSELS , BELGIUM -- A team of researchers at Duke University Medical Center and the Université catholique de Louvain ( UCL ) has found that lactic acid is an important energy source for tumor cells .
In further experiments , they discovered a new way to destroy the most hard - to - kill , dangerous tumor cells by preventing them from delivering lactic acid .
" We have known for more than 50 years that low - oxygen , or hypoxic , cells cause resistance to radiation therapy , " said senior co-author Mark Dewhirst , DVM , Ph.D. , professor of radiation oncology and pathology at Duke .
" Over the past 10 years , scientists have found that hypoxic cells are also more aggressive and hard to treat with chemotherapy .
The work we have done presents an entirely new way for us to go after them . "
Many tumors have cells that burn fuel for activities in different ways .
Tumor cells near blood vessels have adequate oxygen sources and can either burn glucose like normal cells , or lactic acid ( lactate ) .
Tumor cells further from vessels are hypoxic and inefficiently burn a lot of glucose to keep going .
In turn , they produce lactate as a waste product .
Tumor cells with good oxygen supply actually prefer to burn lactate , which frees up glucose to be used by the less - oxygenated cells .
But when the researchers cut off the cells ' ability to use lactate , the hypoxic cells did n't get as much glucose .
For the dangerous hypoxic cells , " it is glucose or death , " said Pierre Sonveaux , professor in the UCL Unit of Pharmacology & Therapeutics and lead author of the study , published in the Nov. 20 online edition of the Journal of Clinical Investigation .
He formerly worked with Dr. Dewhirst at Duke .
The next challenge was to discover how lactate moved into tumor cells .
Because lactate recycling exists in exercising muscle to prevent cramps , the researchers imagined that the same molecular machinery could be used by tumor cells .
" We discovered that a transporter protein of muscle origin , MCT1 , was also present in respiring tumor cells , " said Dewhirst .
The team used chemical inhibitors of MCT1 and cell models in which MCT1 had been deleted to learn its role in delivering lactate .
" We not only proved that MCT1 was important , we formally demonstrated that MCT1 was unique for mediating lactate uptake , " said Professor Olivier Feron of the UCL Unit of Pharmacology & Therapeutics .
Blocking MCT1 did not kill the oxygenated cells , but it nudged their metabolism toward inefficiently burning glucose .
Because the glucose was used more abundantly by the better - oxygenated cells , they used up most of the glucose before it could reach the hypoxic cells , which starved while waiting in vain for glucose to arrive .
" This finding is really exciting , " Dewhirst said .
" The idea of starving hypoxic cells to death is completely novel . "
Even though hypoxic tumor cells have been identified as a cause of treatment resistance for decades , there has not been a reliable method to kill them .
" They are the population of cells that can cause tumor relapse , " said Professor Feron .
A significant advantage of the new strategy is that a new drug does not need to reach hypoxic cells far from blood vessels and it does not need to enter into cells at all - it merely needs to block the transporter molecule that moves the lactose , which is outside of the cells .
" This finding will be really important for drug development , " said Sonveaux .
The researchers also showed in mice that radiation therapy along with MCT1 inhibition was effective for killing the remaining tumor cells , those nearest the blood vessels .
This proved to be a substantial antitumor approach .
###
The study was funded by grants from the National Institutes of Health ; the Belgian American Educational Foundation ( BAEF ) ; from governmental foundations , F.R.S. -FNRS , Communauté française de Belgique and Région wallonne ; and the J. Maisin and St. Luc Foundations in Belgium .
Other authors included , from Duke University Medical Center : Thies Schroeder , Melanie C. Wergin , Zahid N. Rabbani , and Kelly M. Kennedy from the Department of Radiation Oncology ; Michael J. Kelley , from the Division of Hematology and Medical Oncology ; and Miriam L. Wahl from the Department of Pathology .
And from the Université catholique de Louvain ( UCL ) , in Brussels , Belgium : Frédérique Végran , Julien Verrax , and Christophe J. De Saedeleer from the Unit of Pharmacology & Therapeutics ; and Caroline Diepart , Bénédicte F. Jordan , and Bernard Gallez of the Unit of Biomedical Magnetic Resonance .
The UK Government wants to turn off web sites it does n't like , that 's the real aim of its plan to takeover the .uk DNS system .
On Wednesday a certain David Hendon who works for the Department for Business , Enterprise and Regulatory Reform , said that the domain name industry needs to toe the government line on phishing , spam and " bad content " .
Now , no one is in favour of phishing and spam , but what on earth does this bureaucrat mean by " bad content " ?
We do n't have to look far .
Hazel Blears , a career politician who is currently Communities Secretary , recently made noises about shutting down blogs she does n't like .
She particular does n't like the blog of Guido Fawkes .
It 's not surprising she does n't like that blog because he has broken many stories that have been very embarrassing to the government .
This is what she said :
Unless and until political blogging ' adds value ' to our political culture , by allowing new and disparate voices , ideas and legitimate protest and challenge , and until the mainstream media reports politics in a calmer , more responsible manner , it will continue to fuel a culture of cynicism and pessimism .
Now , the thing is that Guido is a new and disparate voice .
It 's just that he's not the sort of new and disparate voice that Blears and the other aparatchiks in the government like .
She only wants ones authorised by her .
This government is the most two - faced , cynical and authoritarian in the rapidly - becoming - less - free world .
They have already banned certain types of protest in London .
Now , they only want you look at content , they 've authorised .
Welcome to hell .
Hat -tip : Samizdata
( This is the third part in my Diving into INTERCAL series .
If you have read the
parts then do n't feel cocky because the following will probably not make any more sense to you than to a total INTERCAL beginner . )
while
x = 0
while(x != 1 ) :
x = int( raw_input ( " Please input a number
" ) )
print x
1 DON'T WORRY , BE HAPPY
2 (1 ) PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ARE NOT PROMPTING
3 DO WRITE IN .1
4 DO READ OUT .001
5 DO GIVE UP
1 DON'T ...
2 PLEASE NOTE ...
3 DO WRITE IN .1
.
1
.
1
. 65535
:
1
:65535
.
1
.001
.
1
:
1
4 DO READ OUT .001
.001
.
1
.01
5 DO GIVE UP
' WHAT IS UP DOC ? '
ICL579I WHAT BASE AND /OR LANGUAGE INCLUDES WHAT ?
ON THE WAY TO 4
CORRECT SOURCE AND RESUBNIT
1 DON'T WORRY , BE HAPPY
2 DO ( 2 ) NEXT
3 (1 ) PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ARE NOT PROMPTING
4 DO WRITE IN .1
5 DO READ OUT .001
6 PLEASE RESUME .1
7 ( 2 ) DO ( 1 ) NEXT
8 DO GIVE UP
2 DO ( 2 ) NEXT
7 ( 2 ) DO ( 1 ) NEXT
6 PLEASE RESUME .1
.
1
So we are finished right ?
ICL632I THE NEXT STACK RUPTURES .
ALL DIE .
OH , THE EMBARRASSMENT !
ON THE WAY TO 8
CORRECT SOURCE AND RESUBNIT
Are you an INTERCAL guru ?
post the solution as a comment
Desperately waiting to see how this program is written in INTERCAL ?
In this excursion into the magical world of INTERCAL programming we will try to do the almost impossible , create a program with aloop .
If you have programmed in any imperative programming language , such as C Python or Commodore BASIC , you will know that loops are usually a straight - forward construct .
However INTERCAL is designed from the ground up to be like no other language , so let 's see if we can actually get a loop to work .
Having taken nearly two hours to write ' Hello , world ' last week , I decided to set my sights fairly low for this week .
I want to implement the following Python program in INTERCAL : This is by no means a useful program - it simply asks the user repeatedly to type in a number , printing it out each time , until the user enters a number which is not equal to 1 .
Anyone with any amount of experience knows that it would be a folly to attempt to convert this program to INTERCAL in one shot .
It is much more wise to perform the conversion in small steps .
Here is my first iteration :
The line numbers are not part of the program .
( This is not BASIC . )
Here is a line by line analysis of the program : :
Any statement which starts with DO NOT , PLEASE NOT , DON'T or PLEASE DON'T will simply be ignored by INTERCAL .
The rest of the statement does not need to be valid INTERCAL syntax because since you do n't want to do it the compiler does n't have to understand it . :
Because of the rule above , many INTERCAL programs include ' PLEASE NOTE ' as a way of including comments .
INTERCAL only cares about the first three letters of NOT , so PLEASE NOTCH MY BELT would also be ignored .
Line two also introduces the idea of a label , ( 1 ) , which in this iteration is not actually used .
Labels are given numbers , not names .
In keeping with good programming practices , the comment ' PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ARE NOT PROMPTING ' is 100 % accurate .
If you have read ' Hello , world ' earlier , you will know that writing character output is just not worth the effort .
Usability is overrated .
:
In this statement we are asking INTERCAL to accept numeric input from the user , storing the input in the 16 - bit variable .
16 - bit variables are represented with the ' spot ' (. ) , whilst 32 - bit variables are represented with the ' two spot ' ( : ) .
In INTERCAL you have 65535 16 - bit variables and the same number of 32 - bit variables , fromtoandto .
Note thatandare the same variable , butandare not . :
In this statement we are asking INTERCAL to send the value of variable ( which is the same as , etc ) to the standard output .
For your convenience , the number is output in Roman numerals . :
Ends the program .
If I compile and run the above program it will accept my input ( eg. ONE TWO THREE ) , output the number ( eg. CXXIII ) and then exit .
Too easy .
If at line 5 we insert the statement ' PLEASE DO ( 1 ) NEXT ' , the program will jump to our label ( 1 ) instead of exiting .
The program will continue looping forever , which is certainly a step in the right direction of converting our Python program to INTERCAL .
The program continues looping until the user types in invalid input .
For example if I type in the input , the program will respond : I am not going to try to add input validation or error handling to this program because life is simply too short .
But the program still falls short of the Python original - it does not exit if the input is equal to 1 .
We need an IF statement .
By now we should guess that INTERCAL will not have an IF statement , and we would be correct .
In keeping with the ' unlike any other language ' theme , there is nothing that really approximates an IF statement at all .
It turns out that implementing an IF is quite a difficult task in INTERCAL .
Here is my the next iteration of our program , trying to get around INTERCAL 's lack of an IF : Explaining the additional lines : :
When we added the DO ( 1 ) NEXT line earlier , you may have assumed that it was a BASIC - style GOTO .
Unlike BASIC 's GOTO , the position of the next statement after a DO ( in this case line 3 ) is placed onto a ' NEXT ' stack .
This NEXT stack can be manipulated by the RESUME or FORGET statements , discussed later . :
This is the statement which the previous statement jumped to .
We simply jump straight back to label ( 1 ) .
Note that this statement will also push the position of line 8 , DO GIVE UP , onto the NEXT stack .
At this point the NEXT stack will look like this : Line 8 Line 3 : This is the most important line in the program .
When we reach this point we have the user 's input in the variableand have just sent it to the output .
We need to decide whether to continue looping .
The RESUME statement will evaluate the expression , in this case the value of .1 , and pop that many items off the NEXT stack .
It will then jump to the last item popped .
So if the user types in ' ONE ' the program will pop the top item from the NEXT stack and then jump to Line 8 , the end of the program .
This is exactly what we wanted .
Alternatively , if the user types in ' TWO ' ( or maybe ' DALAWA ' ) then two items will be popped and the program will jump to line 3 .
This is also exactly what we wanted , because the user will then continue the loop at line 3 .
Um , no .
If the user types anything other than ONE or TWO ( or any number at all on the second iteration ) then they will receive the following message :
Oh dear , it seems we still have a bit more learning to do before we will have mastered the IF construct in INTERCAL .
Unfortunately I am very sleepy , and also incredibly confused , so the completion of this program will need to wait for another day .
Stay tuned .
Please feel free to .
( It will sure save me from figuring it out . )
Subscribe to the ' Diving into INTERCAL ' feed and you will be the first to know .
Labels : IF , Looping , Premature Baldness
Click to view
If you have ever tried to play the guitar using drumsticks , you were probably drinking the same paint thinner as I was drinking , because it 's impossible * .
Unless you are playing with Guitar Hero III .
And you have a custom midi controller designed to play as it if you were drumming .
And you kick ass playing drums .
But then , you would probably be the crazy guy who recorded himself in this amazing video just to show that he can a ) replace Animal in The Muppets and b ) beat the crap out of you playing Guitar Hero III using sticks .
[ College Humor - Thanks Jon B. ]
* Yeah , I know it 's not impossible .
Actually , just a few days ago here in Williamsburg , Christy - from the weird and wonderful Christy & Emily , get their album - left me speechless with her amazing live - and real - guitar performance , which included a drumstick in a song .
MUMBAI : When faced with a volley of gunshots , while sipping coffee at the Oberoi Hotel on Wednesday night , Ali Arpaciouglu , a Turkish citizen on a business trip to Mumbai , chose to escape through the hotel kitchen and down a flight of stairs that opened onto the road outside .
This was probably one of the best decisions he took .
On the other hand , his business partner , Meltem Muezzinoglu , and her husband , Seyfi , both Turks , when faced with the same situation , decided to dash out of the restaurant and head upstairs instead .
When terrorists laid siege to the hotel , the Muezzinoglus were held hostage .
" I was in the Indian restaurant at the Oberoi on Wednesday night , when we heard a couple of gunshots .
This was followed by another round of shots , '' said Arpaciouglu .
Diners ducked under their seats in panic .
" One of the hotel staff , a lady whose hand had been wounded in the firing , led a group of us to safety .
Though she was bleeding , she took charge of the situation , and led us out of the restaurant , to safety . ''
The Muezzinoglus , however , found themselves in a hostage situation , along with a group of foreigners .
That night , they shared a room with three foreigners - all women .
Two machine - gun - wielding terrorists stood guard over them the whole night .
All the hostages were asked to reveal their religion .
When the Muezzinoglus said they were Muslims , their captors told them that they would not be harmed .
The other three Caucasian women were removed from the room next day , and the terrorists informed the Muezzinoglus that they had been shot .
Arpaciouglu kept in touch with his friends all through the hostage crisis , up until the time they were released the next day .
While the hostages allowed the couple to make one phone call to Arpaciouglu at 3 am , for the rest of the day , they relied on text messages .
The couples ' final messages read : ` Soldiers are here now .
Soldiers found us ' .
Arpaciouglu said , " I hope I 'll never have to relive this experience . ''
Fail and You Last week , Google released a web browser called Chrome , and the online tech media had a powerful Googasm .
We were long overdue for another climax like this , having been lightly stimulated with half - baked Google web products in the four years since GMail was released .
Every time the media fires off its gravy so violently , it highlights how little some of the supposed " experts " actually know about computers .
Case in point : People saying that Google Chrome is an operating system designed to compete head - to - head with Microsoft Windows .
I understand the argument that as web applications proliferate , the desktop operating system becomes less important , and emphasis is placed on the browser .
That 's all well and good , but let 's be realistic here .
It 's a fucking web browser .
It runs JavaScript a bit faster than other web browsers .
That does n't add up to a Windows killer .
Users are n't going to decide which computer to buy based on which browser comes pre-installed , and even if they do , I 'm going to guess that they will choose Internet Explorer ( or - as it is known commonly in user parlance - " the blue internet that opens my web sites " ) .
In any case , a browser is still going to need a proper operating system to run , and that operating system will almost always be Windows .
Given the thousands of Windows applications that are grandfathered in to many IT systems , the video games that are just a touch too GPU - intensive to run in JavaScript , and general user comfort with Windows , it 's hard to imagine a world where everything ( and I mean everything ) is done in a browser .
Oh , and let 's not forget all your browser - based apps being ad - supported .
Of course , none of this will stop the tech media from cooking the story they 've wanted for decades .
Silicon Valley Insiders ?
When journalists jump on a story like this , they will publish just about anything , no matter how poorly thought out .
Let 's take , for example , Henry Blodget of Silicon Alley Insider .
He says :
[ Google is ] building the equivalent to Windows in the cloud - computing world .
Too bad the SEC can't ban this guy from the tech industry for life .
People are calling Chrome a cloud operating system because it is a " platform for running web apps " .
It renders HTML and interprets Javascript , you know , like every fucking browser made since 1995 .
It 's also got Google Gears built in .
Great .
I 'll alert Tim Berners - Lee .
This bullshit is a common theme when talking about Chrome .
Those who realize that Chrome is not a full fledged operating system but still want to get in on the page - view party are calling Chrome the cloud operating system .
Get it , because it 's like clouds .
All nature and shit .
Do n't you want to read that story ?
Well , at least Blodget sort of understands what it takes to run a web browser .
I can't say the same for Michael Arrington , who runs the Special Olympics of tech media , TechCrunch .
Arrington fancies himself a kingpin of Web 2.0 , but when he starts saying shit like this , it 's hard for him to keep the respect of people , who , you know , understand how computers work :
Chrome is nothing less than a full on desktop operating system that will compete head on with Windows .
Expect to see millions of web devices , even desktop web devices , in the coming years that completely strip out the Windows layer and use the browser as the only operating system the user needs .
In no way can this statement be construed to make sense , and I 'm not just being a pedantic asshole here .
Fortunately , El Reg readers are with it enough to know that you need a proper OS before you can have a browser .
However , a significant number of the users you IT admins support are reading shit like this , and will be putting in support tickets to have Google Chrome OS installed on their computers as soon as possible , because they 've had enough of Windows and are ready for a change .
Unfortunately it is n't just a few bad apples in the media pulling this stunt .
If I had to list them all , I would have to take a .45 caliber aspirin .
Over the Top
What caused this orgy of failure ?
It 's not unlike a World War I bloodbath .
Soldiers are in the trenches , waiting for the whistle , when they see one of their brothers in arms leap out into no man 's land and charge toward the enemy .
Is it time to go ?
Did you miss the whistle ?
Fuck it , over the top !
You jump out , and just before you 're cut down by the machine gun fire , you see the other soldiers in the trench jumping out , and a befuddled commander wondering where everyone is going .
Word of Google 's browser got out , and one person said " this is the new operating system " .
Other reporters , not wanting to be left out , turned the echo chamber up to 11 .
Typing words is easier than critical thought , after all .
The blogosphere sprayed its shorts and Google is sitting there , holding its whistle , trying to figure out what the fuck is going on .
Everyone was after the perfect story , whether or not it actually exists .
Someone is finally bringing the battle to Microsoft 's front door , and that someone is already a media darling .
Google releasing a browser is so damned close to the ideal situation , but there 's not quite enough to declare that Chrome will replace Windows .
None the less , this does not stop the technically incompetent from spinning it as such .
Maybe they were just feeling nostalgic about Microsoft pummeling the shit out of Netscape ?
Anyway , not even Sergey Brin could stop the premature eGoogulation .
At a press conference , Brin said :
I would not call Chrome the operating system of Web apps ...
Dammit , Sergey .
You 're ruining my story !
As comedy would have it , word is that Brin is a Mac user .
Considering Google has n't released its browser for the Mac yet , he has to run Chrome in VMWare .
Operating system indeed . ®
Ted Dziuba is a co-founder at Milo.com
You can read his regular Reg column , Fail and You , every other Monday .
The letter to Congress , dated Oct. 14 , is part of a growing chorus of dissent from what had long been a tight - lipped agency .
In decades past , scientists rarely disagreed publicly with their agency ’s decisions , and any concerns they had about important decisions were whispered among veterans .
But increasing scrutiny of the agency on Capitol Hill has coincided with a growing willingness by some scientists to voice their misgivings .
The disputes tend to pit agency managers , who often lean toward approving drugs or devices when the data are equivocal , against agency scientists , who want more certain trial results before allowing the products to be sold .
Medical devices include products like cardiac stents , nerve stimulators to relieve depression , imaging equipment and breast implants .
It is not clear from the publicly released information which device approvals the scientists questioned .
The most recent dispute is unusual if only for the number of doctors and scientists who signed their names to the May letter .
Previous disagreements involved at most a few agency scientists .
Mr. Dingell and Representative Bart Stupak , another Michigan Democrat , released the letter sent to Congress on Oct. 14 but blacked out the scientists ’ names and some crucial details the scientists did not want disclosed .
The letter says that the scientists have documentary evidence that senior agency managers “ corrupted the scientific review of medical devices ” by ordering experts to change their opinions and conclusions in violation of the law .
__Dean Kamen , multimillionaire inventrepreneur , is going global with a robochair that climbs stairs , a miracle motor that fights disease , and his wildest notion of all - that scientists will be the 21st century 's superstars .
__
Dean Kamen 's sense of what 's possible is governed by the immutable laws of nature .
Everything else is up for grabs .
Kamen , 49 , is a self - taught physicist and multimillionaire entrepreneur who lives in a hexagonally shaped house of his own design atop a hill just outside Manchester , New Hampshire .
Invisible from the road , the estate is outfitted with a softball field , a wood - paneled library that 's full of awards and honorary degrees ( Kamen never graduated from college ) , a wind turbine to help supply power , and a pulley system that can deliver a bottle of wine from the kitchen to the bedroom .
He calls the place Westwind , and he stuffed it with a collection of toys and antiques that includes a jukebox , a slot machine , and a 25 - ton steam engine once owned by Henry Ford .
In Westwind 's basement , there 's a foundry , a machine shop , and a computer room , where Kamen often toils late into the night .
He keeps a Porsche 928 and a black Humvee in one garage , two Enstrom helicopters in the other .
The smaller , piston - driven chopper takes him to and from work at his offices in downtown Manchester ; the larger , turbine - driven version is reserved for longer hops , like to his private island off the coast of Connecticut .
For trips more than a few hundred miles , he flies his twin - turbofan CitationJet .
Kamen has high - powered friends to match his taste in toys , and throws lavish parties that entice many powerful people to New Hampshire .
Visitors have included George W. Bush , NASA administrator Dan Goldin , and , more recently , John Doerr of the VC firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers .
But it 's not the Rolodex , the air force , or the tricked - out Batcave that separates Kamen from the usual posse of tech multimillionaires .
It 's the way he 's gone about acquiring it all , and the offbeat , often idealistic ways he chooses to spend it .
While Kamen wo n't divulge the size of his fortune , much of it stems from having invented things he decided ought to exist - no market research necessary - like first - of - their - kind medical devices .
While Kamen was attending college in the 1970s , his brother - then a medical student and now a renowned pediatric oncologist - complained that there was no reliable way to give steady doses of drugs to patients .
So Kamen invented the first portable infusion pump capable of delivering drugs ( such as insulin ) to patients who had previously required round - the - clock monitoring , freeing them from a life inside the hospital .
In the mid-1990s , he devised a phone book - sized dialysis machine - at a time when similar devices were as big as dishwashers and required patients to make regular trips to dialysis centers .
Vernon Loucks , former chair of Baxter International , contracted Kamen 's privately held company , Deka Research & Development , to develop the machine .
" We did n't believe it could be done , " he recalls .
" Now it 's all over the world .
Dean is the brightest guy I 've ever met in this business , bar none . "
When he watched a man in a wheelchair try to negotiate a curb in the late ' 80s , Kamen wondered whether he could build a chair that would hop curbs without losing its balance .
After $ 50 million and eight years in development , the Ibot Transporter - a six - wheeled robotic " mobility system " that can climb stairs , traverse sandy and rocky terrain , and raise its user to eye - level with a standing person - is undergoing FDA trials , and should be available by 2001 , at a cost of $ 20,000 .
That may sound high , but keep in mind that the Ibot erases the need to retrofit a home for a wheelchair .
Plus , mobility system is if anything an understatement :
In June , Kamen saddled up his Ibot and climbed the stairs from a Paris Métro station to the restaurant level of the Eiffel Tower - then promptly called John Doerr on his cell phone .
" At first blush , you 'd stay away from developing something like the Ibot , just because of the legal implications , " says Woodie Flowers , a mechanical engineering professor at MIT and a friend of Kamen's .
" You 're going to put a human in it and it 'll go up stairs ?
That 's nuts .
But he did it .
He 's not one to get caught up in conventional wisdom . "
Lately , Kamen has broadened his work beyond health care .
He believes technology and ingenuity can solve all kinds of social ills - like pollution , limited access to electricity , and contaminated water in many third - world countries , where bacteria from human feces in drinking water is a leading cause of cholera .
To help ameliorate the water problem , Deka 's team of 170 engineers is working on a nonpolluting engine - funded by several million dollars of Kamen 's own money - based on a concept first floated in the early 1800s but never realized .
The device is called the Stirling engine ; Kamen hopes it can be developed into an affordable , portable machine that will run a water purifier / power generator that could zap contaminated H 2 0 with a UV laser to make it safe for drinking .
" It can burn any fuel , and you can do all kinds of things with it , " he says .
" It might be very valuable in emerging economies , giving them access to electricity , even the Net . "
Another project , to be unveiled in the next year , will necessitate building " the largest company in New Hampshire , " Kamen says with characteristic bravura .
He 's shy about details , except to say it involves a consumer device unrelated to health care and will require $ 100 million in financing .
Among the investors : Kleiner Perkins .
But Kamen 's first love and greatest passion these days is an idea that may be the farthest - fetched of all : turning engineers and inventors into pop-culture superstars .
Operating through a nonprofit outfit called U.S. First ( For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology ) , Kamen works to encourage kids to pursue careers as scientists , engineers , and big thinkers .
Lots of people talk about doing that , but to Kamen it 's a holy crusade , and he sincerely believes he can reprioritize society to value inventors the way it values athletes .
" Our culture celebrates one thing : sports heroes , " he says .
" You have teenagers thinking they 're going to make millions as NBA stars when that 's not realistic for even 1 percent of them .
Becoming a scientist or an engineer is . "
Kamen launched
First several years ago when he realized that many American teenagers were unable to name a single living scientist .
The organization sponsors a national competition that matches high school students with engineers from local companies .
The kids are given a standard kit of parts and challenged to build a working robot in six weeks .
The robots are pitted against one another on a playing field , and the best - designed , wiliest bots rise to the top .
Dean Kamen , with his unconstrained sense of what 's possible , has proven the skeptics wrong many times before .
But honestly - replacing quarterbacks with engineers as mainstream heroes ?
Maybe he 's been spending too much time in his Batcave .
Kamen wears the same uniform every day , whether he's in Deka 's machine shop , meeting with bankers , or visiting the Oval Office : beige Timberlands , Levi's , and a cotton work shirt .
With his pompadour of wavy black hair , he looks like a 1950s auto mechanic .
In cold weather , he adds an olive - drab army jacket , its pockets crammed with small tools .
__What drives Kamen 's imagination ?
Things he decided ought to exist , like a water purifier / power generator that zaps tainted H 2 O with a laser .
__
Kamen talks fast , and his voice retains the brassy streak of his native Long Island .
He 's funny and charismatic , but he has the air of someone used to shouldering big , improbable projects - driven , haunted , quixotic .
He does n't take vacations , and he has n't paused to marry .
" If I 'm awake , I 'm working , " he says .
" Deka and First are my work , my family , my hobby .
They 're everything . "
His day usually begins by 9:30 at Deka headquarters , a renovated mill building on the banks of the Merrimack River .
That gives employees " an hour of sanity without me in the morning , " he says .
Kamen works until 9 or 10 pm , when he breaks for dinner , bringing along a staffer or two to talk shop .
Deka projects come in two flavors : Kamen 's ideas , and everything else .
Everything else - mainly contract research for health care concerns - is what pays the bills .
Deka designed the HomeChoice portable dialysis machine in partnership with Baxter , as well as a medical irrigation pump for Davol .
Deka has also worked on a series of innovative vascular stents ( shunts that keep blood vessels clear ) for Johnson & Johnson .
" If you 've got a tough problem , there 's only one place to go , " says Baxter 's former chair Loucks .
By comparison , Kamen 's projects are far - out inventions , like the Ibot or the Stirling : grand in scope , slower in development , and often too risky to attract corporate funding .
" Sometimes we crash and burn .
It 's better to do it in private , " he says .
" I 'd rather lose my own money than someone else 's . "
When things work out , Kamen basks in his success .
On a frosty day last winter , I followed him around downtown Manchester as he took an I bot out for a spin .
The Ibot moved so fast that I had to break into a trot just to keep up .
It not only operates in four - wheel drive - a standard motorized wheelchair has two - wheel drive - but it has a " balance mode , " in which the front wheels rise up , balancing the Ibot upward , like a dog begging for a treat .
The chair 's dual processors direct the grounded wheels to move back and forth slightly , compensating for weight shifts .
The Ibot is so stable in balance mode that its occupant can even win a shoving match with just about any human .
In front of First headquarters , I watched as a crowd of gawkers stopped Kamen to admire the Ibot .
One man asked how the chair works : " Does it just balance with weights ? " Kamen - at eye - level with the guy , balancing on two wheels - paused a moment and smiled .
" Technically , " he said , " it 's magic . "
Magic moments aside , Deka also has its failures .
A project to develop an automated bedside pharmacy - tied into a hospital 's computer network and able to deliver more than 30 drugs without manual intervention - is on hold after soaking up several million dollars in funding .
" We ran into a lot of political problems , " is all Kamen will say .
" The drug companies do n't want it to happen . "
He might run into problems with the Stirling engine , too .
The development of a marketable Stirling device has eluded the brightest engineering minds since Robert Stirling , a Scottish minister , patented the first version in 1816 .
The basic principle of Stirling 's external combustion engine is simple : A chamber is filled with a gas that expands as it is heated by a small heat source , such as a propane flame , and contracts when cooled .
The process operates a piston and drives the engine .
The advantage ?
Cheap , local fuels can be used to run the engines , and Kamen has adapted his model to produce electricity instead of mechanical power .
But producing the thing is a more complex matter .
While many have tried to use Stirlings to power drive shafts for vehicles , they have proved too expensive to manufacture on a mass scale , and they 're not always efficient enough .
One low tech problem is designing seals that guard against waste as the heat is transferred into a form that does useful work .
Deka 's version heats a chamber containing helium , under pressure , and Kamen says it can run on gasoline , propane , fuel oil , diesel , alcohol , or even solar power - with one - fifth the emissions of a gas stove .
Deka 's engineers think they 'll succeed where others have failed because they 've ironed out all the kinks .
" We looked at the history of the Stirling - all the money and time and expertise poured into it - and identified a half - dozen key goofs that previous teams had made , " says project leader Chris Langenfeld .
" Seventy percent of it was a materials challenge .
We had to track down the right composites to use as seals . "
Kamen hopes that his family of Stirlings , five years in development , will soon bring portable electricity to nations without a reliable power grid - or any grid at all .
He envisions briefcase - sized Stirlings powering cell phones and cell towers , as well as purifying water .
He aims to have them on the market in the next two years , and is currently working on the marketing issues - like how developing nations will be able to afford bulk purchases of the engines , which are projected to cost $ 1,500 apiece .
Staffing for the Stirling project alone involves about 20 people , including chemical , electrical , and mechanical engineers ; thermodynamicists ; particle and combustion physicists ; and software designers and testing technicians .
" Deka is one of the highest - morale operations I 've ever seen , " says Ray Price , president of the Economic Club of New York and a close friend of Kamen's .
" There 's no bureaucracy , and very little structure .
Dean expects performance , but how they get to solutions is up to them . "
Kamen supervises the 10 or so projects under way at Deka at any given time , and is rarely at his desk .
He refers to himself as " a human entropy producer , " roaming the halls and labs , tossing out ideas , asking about timing , and prodding project managers .
Deka also has its mercilessly intense side .
" There 's a sorting process that happens at Deka , " says MIT 's Flowers , also an adviser for First .
" You have the people who stick with Deka because they realize it's a great place to learn , to try things that have n't been done .
Successful people listen to , understand , and respect Dean . "
But Flowers adds that he has known some MIT grads who have found the experience less than satisfying .
" One of them would never cross the threshold again .
Dean occasionally runs over people . "
__The Ibot chair has a balance mode that raises up the front wheels , like a dog begging for a treat .
" Technically , " says Kamen , " it 's magic . " __
Those who stick around remain aware of the impatience that simmers beneath Kamen 's surface .
The same is true of those people who contract with Deka .
Bob Gussin , Johnson & Johnson 's recently retired chief scientific officer , convinced his former company to fund the Ibot , despite great internal resistance .
He calls Kamen " brilliant , " but says , " Dean is so intense and so aggressive that you always have to worry whether he 'll get frustrated at not moving fast enough .
Sometimes his intensity is almost frightening . "
Kamen exhibited a pronounced entrepreneurial bent from an early age , as well as a dislike for rote learning .
In junior high , rather than do his homework , he would read demanding primary texts like Isaac Newton 's Principia on his own , and then heckle his science teacher .
As a teenager , he built control systems for sound - and - light shows in his basement , and before long , he was getting contracts for installations at Manhattan 's Hayden Planetarium , the Four Seasons , and the Museum of the City of New York .
While still in high school , he was asked to automate the Times Square ball drop on New Year 's Eve .
Before graduation , he was earning $ 60,000 a year , rivaling the combined income of his father , a comic book artist , and his mother , a high school teacher .
Kamen 's tendency to put his own projects before his schoolwork continued at Worcester Polytechnic Institute in Worcester , Massachusetts .
On frequent trips home , he worked on his portable infusion pump , eventually dubbed Auto - Syringe .
But the basement was getting crowded .
Kamen needed more room .
He engaged an architect to expand the basement under a newer wing of the house , and hired a crew to prop the house on stilts to make room for a Bridgeport milling machine , an arc welder , lathes , saws , and other equipment purchased from a neighborhood machine shop .
What did his parents think ?
Kamen sent them on a cruise during the period of heaviest construction .
After five years at WPI , Kamen still had n't collected enough credits to graduate , so he was asked to leave .
He moved back to Long Island and poured his energy into Auto - Syringe .
The New England Journal of Medicine published an article about the benefits of the pump , and the National Institutes of Health ordered 100 units .
In 1979 , to escape taxes and overcrowding , he moved to New Hampshire .
" I saw the license plates that read LIVE FREE OR DIE , and that sounded pretty good to me , " says Kamen .
After two years , he sold Auto - Syringe to Baxter for an undisclosed sum .
Up until that point , he 'd hardly taken a salary , plowing the majority of his profits back into the business .
For the first time , he felt rich .
Within days of the sale , he bought a helicopter , fulfilling a childhood dream .
The helicopter led him to North Dumpling Island , a speck of land with a lighthouse , located in Long Island Sound .
His flight instructor 's wife , a real estate agent , told him the island was for sale .
One winter day , he set out to find it .
He brought the chopper down near the lighthouse tender 's home .
A frightened old man , part of the family that owned the island , came out to see what was going on .
The young inventor befriended the man and his wife .
When Kamen later bought the island ( at a bargain price ) , he let the couple continue living there .
Though Kamen does n't visit the island much anymore , it 's a microcosm of his worldview , a whimsical combination of leave - me - alone and dreams of techno - utopia .
An aerial photograph that hangs in Kamen 's office at Deka bears a caption that reads " The Only 100 Percent Science - Literate Society . "
When Kamen wanted to erect a wind turbine on North Dumpling and the state of New York objected , he seceded from the US .
Though the secession has never been officially recognized , he signed a nonaggression pact with his friend , then - President George Bush , and enlisted Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield of Ben & Jerry 's as " joint chiefs of ice cream . "
North Dumpling has its own flag , its own anthem , a one - ship navy , and its own currency .
One bill , which Kamen carries in his wallet , is the value of pi .
" You ca n't make change for it , " he says with a grin .
" It 's a transcendental function . "
After the sale of Auto - Syringe in 1982 , Kamen began buying 19th - century mill buildings in Manchester and renovating them as office space ( he now owns 570,000 square feet of office space in the city ) .
He set up Deka R&D in one , and soon got to know city and state politicians , like John Sununu , the governor of New Hampshire who would go on to become a notorious chief of staff for President Bush .
Today , Kamen has a direct line to New Hampshire governor Jeanne Shaheen .
" In a small state like New Hampshire , Dean is a very visible guy , " says Jay Wood , president of Kana Communications , one of Kamen 's tenants .
" His helicopter comes buzzing down the river and lands on a building - you can't ignore that . "
When it comes to First , Kamen 's a complete noodge .
He makes sure that the state 's pols are all visible supporters , which means First events are usually peppered with political types .
Every four years , when the presidential candidates roll through New Hampshire looking for votes , Kamen makes First headquarters - aka First Place - and Westwind available for rallies , parties , and speeches , and looks for a quid pro quo from the candidates - soliciting promises to invite First winners to the White House .
One day during my visit , Kamen and I get a chance to meet up with George W. Bush .
Kamen 's already been all over the Eastern time zone , but nothing is more important to him than scoring promises on behalf of First .
He woke up in Cleveland before dawn , then flew to visit Bose Corporation , near Boston , to show off the Ibot and talk with Amar Bose about marketing Deka 's top - secret consumer device .
He picked up a banker from Credit Suisse First Boston at Manchester airport to discuss financing , then wolfed down a dinner of pizza and beer at First Place , where George W. was giving a speech .
After the speech , Kamen drags me through the crowd toward the candidate .
Apparently George W. indicated at a recent Westwind dinner that he might be able to attend the First nationals in Orlando .
" I want to get him to promise to come in front of a reporter , " Kamen tells me .
" You 're going to be my witness . "
__As a teen , Kamen read Newton , heckled his science teacher , and built high - profile projects in New York .
By graduation , he was earning $ 60,000 a year .
__
I 'm standing in a parking lot near Manchester airport with Kamen 's parents , Woodie Flowers , and Rich Cox , a Deka technician , waiting for Kamen to arrive .
I 'm looking for the Hummer .
His mother knows better .
She points to the sky and says , " There 's Dean . "
Kamen sets the little Enstrom down on the tarmac , and before long we 're piling into the CitationJet .
To Kamen , the Citation is a " beautiful machine , " with its twin Williams - Rolls turbofans , top altitude of 41,000 feet , and maximum speed of Mach 0.7 .
The thing looks fast even standing still .
I 'd heard a few stories about Kamen 's piloting before I boarded .
One was that he had a less - than - perfect attendance record at the CitationJet training program .
But as a friend tells it , he missed only two questions on the final - the highest score in a class full of professional pilots .
Afterward , he proved to the instructor that those " wrong " answers were actually correct .
On an unusually warm March afternoon , we 're off to Ypsilanti , Michigan , the site of the initial round of First regionals .
Kamen is upbeat , as evidenced by his safety speech before takeoff : " In the event of an emergency , those bimbos in the high heels who served you coffee will be of absolutely no use , " he says .
Of course there are no flight attendants on the plane .
Kamen sees the lack of appreciation for science in America as a problem - but that 's not to say he 's calling for a revamping of the educational system .
In his view , more teachers , textbooks , PCs , and Internet access wo n't get students jazzed about learning .
" They need to have access to challenging , hands - on projects that result in a tangible product " - like building robots .
And they need role models - engineers - to assist them .
Kamen refers to First as " the NCAA of smarts . "
The competition has no formal instructional agenda .
You just have to build a bot that can play a game better than the others do .
In January , groups of high school students receive kits and a description of the game .
Each group has to build the robot in six weeks , working with engineers from local companies - like Du Pont , Ford , and Honeywell .
There are only two restrictions : expense ( no more than $ 425 can be spent on additional parts , supplied by a company called Small Parts ) and weight ( the robot can be no more than 130 pounds ) .
At the competition , two student teams will be paired to form an alliance .
This year , the robots have to pick up basketball - sized rubber balls and drop them in bins , earning one point for yellow balls and five for scarcer black ones .
Robots also earn five points for ascending a ramp in the center of the field , 10 for hanging from a chin - up bar , and 10 more for helping a partner robot hang from the bar .
Once we 're on the ground , we hustle off to the campus of Eastern Michigan University , where the students are trying out their robots .
Kamen has no official duties tonight , but he can't wait to see the action .
Inside the field house , teams are making last - minute adjustments and sawing off vestigial robot pieces to make the weight limit .
Kamen talks to a team tinkering with Chief Delphi , one of several robots sponsored by Delphi Automotive Systems .
Two teenagers approach : " Can we have your autograph ? "
It 's just as Kamen would have it :
High school kids treating an engineer like a celebrity .
And it happens several times over the weekend .
MIT professor Flowers , who is serving as an emcee , is equally adored .
The following morning , at the kickoff , there are pep bands and flag bearers , honor guards and spirit corps .
Students stomp their feet and cheer wildly .
When two opposing robots face off to get to the ramp , the screams are deafening .
Kamen watches most of the two - minute matches from the sidelines , fixated .
He marvels at a robot named V Force that can grab the chin - up bar , slide laterally along it , and , with a long arm , pluck balls out of its opponent 's goal and place them in its own .
" Just another science fair , huh ? " he mutters to me after a particularly exciting match .
In the ensuing two days , the competition will have elements of WWF aggressiveness and flashes of Nascar - style maneuvering - except that this event is rooted in mental dexterity .
But that 's not enough for Kamen .
He wants First to attract the same attention lavished upon professional sports .
That 's why he spends his energy at First events needling bigwigs at sponsoring organizations .
This year , GM , Johnson & Johnson , Motorola , Xerox , and NASA together are supporting 171 teams .
But Kamen wants more .
He wants to include every student in the country , and have the events televised .
( He also wants you to enlist , as a kid or backer : www.usfirst.org.)
Xerox chair Paul Allaire , who is smitten enough with the event to sit on the First board , is skeptical .
" Is it totally practical ?
I 'm dubious .
But it 's a good , if lofty , goal . "
Another First board member , Bill Murphy , chair of Small Parts , waves off naysayers .
" You watch , " he says .
" Dean 's a schemer .
He wo n't quit until it happens . "
Walking the halls backstage at EMU , Kamen bemoans how difficult his mission to change the culture has been .
" The inertia is enormous , " he says .
" If I 'd have known nine years ago that it would 've taken this much energy , I ... "
He falls silent .
But there 's only one way Kamen can finish the thought : " Hell , I still would 've done it . "
When the finals begin , the excitement increases palpably .
In the first game of the best - of - three finals , Chief Delphi pokes its snout into its opponent 's goal , sucks out three balls , and skitters over to deposit them in its own goal .
As the seconds tick away , it snatches another two points .
Delphi's red alliance wins the first match , 34 to 16 .
__The " NCAA of smarts " is just as Kamen would have it :
High school kids treat engineers like celebrities .
And build robots that make the crowd roar .
__
The next match goes to blue .
" It happens like this every time , " Kamen says gleefully .
In the rubber match , the action centers on the chin - up bar .
Both blue alliance robots manage to hang , seizing the lead .
But Visteon , Chief Delphi's red alliance partner , charges blue 's Techno Beast , knocks it down , and , in the waning seconds , pulls itself up to the bar for the win .
The audience roars .
Sly and the Family Stone 's " You Can Make It if You Try " blasts over the PA , and the First judges form a receiving line .
Hundreds of teens line the aisles , exchanging high - fives .
Heading back to Willow Run airport , Kamen is thinking ahead to the nationals at Epcot Center in Orlando .
He 's campaigning to get Governor Jeb Bush , who will attend the finals , to pledge that every Florida public school will participate next year .
Meanwhile , the Ibot is sailing through FDA trials and could be available by early 2001 .
ER star Noah
Wyle is planning to make a feature film about Kamen and First .
And work on the Stirling engine is going well , though , of course , not fast enough for Kamen .
On the flight back to Manchester , he cracks a joke over the intercom about pilots reporting basketball scores in midflight .
" Who cares about bounce - bounce - throw ? " he asks .
I ask if he knows the outcome of the First regionals at the Kennedy Space Center .
" Let me call ground control , " he says , mimicking a pilot - controller exchange .
" Ground , this is Citation six - Delta - Kilo .
Do you have the results of the First regionals in Florida ? "
Everyone laughs , and then K. C. Connors , First 's regional manager and Kamen 's girlfriend , chimes in .
" A few more years , Dean , " she says .
" A few more years . "
AP :
Many on the outer periphery , more than 100 yards from the stage , could n’t hear .
They started chanting , “ Louder ! Louder ! ”
Palin thought they were protesters , looked toward them and said , “ I hope those protesters have the courage and honor to give veterans thanks for their right to protest . ”
Starting with version 2.5 , linux kernel introduced a new system call entry mechanism on Pentium II + processors .
Due to performance issues on Pentium IV processors with existing software interrupt method , an alternative system call entry mechanism was implemented using SYSENTER / SYSEXIT instructions available on Pentium II + processors .
This article explores this new mechanism .
Discussion is limited to x86 architecture and all source code listings are based on linux kernel 2.6.15.6 .
1 . What are system calls ?
System calls provide userland processes a way to request services from the kernel .
What kind of services ?
Services which are managed by operating system like storage , memory , network , process management etc .
For example if a user process wants to read a file , it will have to make ' open ' and ' read ' system calls .
Generally system calls are not called by processes directly .
C library provides an interface to all system calls .
2 . What happens in a system call ?
A kernel code snippet is run on request of a user process .
This code runs in ring 0 ( with current privilege level - CPL - 0 ) , which is the highest level of privilege in x86 architecture .
All user processes run in ring 3 ( CPL 3 ) .
So , to implement system call mechanism , what we need is 1 ) a way to call ring 0 code from ring 3 and 2 ) some kernel code to service the request .
3 . Good old way of doing it
Until some time back , linux used to implement system calls on all x86 platforms using software interrupts .
To execute a system call , user process will copy desired system call number to %eax and will execute ' int 0x80 ' .
This will generate interrupt 0x80 and an interrupt service routine will be called .
For interrupt 0x80 , this routine is an " all system calls handling " routine .
This routine will execute in ring 0 .
This routine , as defined in the file /usr / src/ linux / arch/i386/kernel / entry .S , will save the current state and call appropriate system call handler based on the value in %eax .
4 . New shiny way of doing it
It was found out that this software interrupt method was much slower on Pentium IV processors .
To solve this issue , Linus implemented an alternative system call mechanism to take advantage of SYSENTER / SYSEXIT instructions provided by all Pentium II + processors .
Before going further with this new way of doing it , let 's make ourselves more familiar with these instructions .
4.1 . SYSENTER / SYSEXIT instructions :
Let 's look at the authorized source , Intel manual itself .
Intel manual says :
The SYSENTER instruction is part of the " Fast System Call " facility introduced on the Pentium® II processor .
The SYSENTER instruction is optimized to provide the maximum performance for transitions to protection ring 0 ( CPL = 0 ) .
The SYSENTER instruction sets the following registers according to values specified by the operating system in certain model - specific registers .
CS register set to the value of ( SYSENTER_CS_MSR )
EIP register set to the value of ( SYSENTER_EIP_MSR )
SS register set to the sum of ( 8 plus the value in SYSENTER_CS_MSR )
ESP register set to the value of ( SYSENTER_ESP_MSR )
Looks like processor is trying to help us .
Let 's look at SYSEXIT also very quickly :
The SYSEXIT instruction is part of the " Fast System Call " facility introduced on the Pentium® II processor .
The SYSEXIT instruction is optimized to provide the maximum performance for transitions to protection ring 3 ( CPL = 3 ) from protection ring 0 ( CPL = 0 ) .
The SYSEXIT instruction sets the following registers according to values specified by the operating system in certain model - specific or general purpose registers .
CS register set to the sum of ( 16 plus the value in SYSENTER_CS_MSR )
EIP register set to the value contained in the EDX register
SS register set to the sum of ( 24 plus the value in SYSENTER_CS_MSR )
ESP register set to the value contained in the ECX register
SYSENTER_CS_MSR,SYSENTER_ESP_MSR , and SYSENTER_EIP_MSR are not really names of the registers .
Intel just defines the address of these registers as :
SYSENTER_CS_MSR
174h SYSENTER_ESP_MSR
175h SYSENTER_EIP_MSR
176h
In linux these registers are named as : /usr / src/linux / include / asm/msr.h : 101 #define MSR_IA32_SYSENTER_CS
0x174 102 #define MSR_IA32_SYSENTER_ESP
0x175 103 #define MSR_IA32_SYSENTER_EIP
0x176 4.2 .
How does linux 2.6 uses these instructions ?
Linux sets up these registers during initialization itself .
/usr/src/linux/arch/i386/kernel/sysenter.c : 36 wrmsr( MSR_IA32_SYSENTER_CS , __KERNEL_CS , 0 ) ; 37 wrmsr( MSR_IA32_SYSENTER_ESP , tss->esp1 , 0 ) ; 38 wrmsr( MSR_IA32_SYSENTER_EIP , ( unsigned long ) sysenter_entry , 0 ) ; Please note that ' tss ' refers to the Task State Segment ( TSS ) and tss ->esp1 thus points to the kernel mode stack . [ 4 ] explains the use of TSS in linux as : The x86 architecture includes a specific segment type called the Task State Segment ( TSS ) , to store hardware contexts .
Although Linux does n't use hardware context switches , it is nonetheless forced to set up a TSS for each distinct CPU in the system .
This is done for two main reasons : - When an 80 x 86 CPU switches from User Mode to Kernel Mode , it fetches the address of the Kernel Mode stack from the TSS .
- When a User Mode process attempts to access an I / O port by means of an in or out instruction , the CPU may need to access an I/O Permission Bitmap stored in the TSS to verify whether the process is allowed to address the port .
So during initialization kernel sets up these registers such that after SYSENTER instruction , ESP is set to kernel mode stack and EIP is set to sysenter_entry .
Kernel also setups system call entry / exit points for user processes .
Kernel creates a single page in the memory and attaches it to all processes ' address space when they are loaded into memory .
This page contains the actual implementation of the system call entry / exit mechanism .
Definition of this page can be found in the file /usr / src/linux / arch/i386/kernel/vsyscall-sysenter.S .
Kernel calls this page virtual dynamic shared object ( vdso ) .
Existence of this page can be confirmed by looking at cat / proc / `pid` / maps : slax ~ # cat / proc/ self / maps 08048000-0804c000 r-xp 00000000 07:00 13 / bin/ cat 0804c000-0804d000 rwxp 00003000 07:00 13 / bin/ cat 0804d000-0806e000 rwxp 0804d000 00:00 0 [ heap ] b7ea0000 - b7ea1000 rwxp b7ea0000 00:00 0 b7ea1000-b7fca000 r-xp 00000000 07:03 1840 /lib/tls/libc-2.3.6.so b7fca000-b7fcb000 r-xp 00128000 07:03 1840 /lib/tls/libc-2.3.6.so b7fcb000-b7fce000 rwxp 00129000 07:03 1840 /lib/tls/libc-2.3.6.so b7fce000-b7fd1000 rwxp b7fce000 00:00 0 b7fe7000-b7ffd000 r-xp 00000000 07:03 1730 /lib/ld-2.3.6.so b7ffd000-b7fff000 rwxp 00015000 07:03 1730 /lib/ld-2.3.6.so bffe7000-bfffd000 rwxp bffe7000 00:00 0 [ stack ] ffffe000 - fffff000 --- p 00000000 00:00 0 [ vdso ]
For binaries using shared libraries , this page can be seen using ldd also : slax ~ # ldd / bin /ls linux - gate.so.1 => ( 0xffffe000 ) librt.so.1 =>
/lib/tls/librt.so.1 ( 0xb7f5f000 ) ...
Observe linux - gate.so.1 .
This is no physical file .
Content of this vdso can be seen as follows : == > dd if=/proc/self/mem of=linux-gate.dso bs=4096 skip=1048574 count=1 1+0 records in 1+0 records out == > objdump -d --start-address=0xffffe400 --stop-address=0xffffe414 linux-gate.dso ffffe400 : ffffe400 : 51 push %ecx ffffe401 : 52 push %edx ffffe402 : 55 push %ebp ffffe403 : 89 e5 mov %esp , %ebp ffffe405 : 0f 34 sysenter ... ffffe40d : 90 nop ffffe40e : eb f3 jmp ffffe403 ffffe410 : 5d pop %ebp ffffe411 : 5a pop %edx ffffe412 : 59 pop %ecx ffffe413 : c3 ret
In all listings , ... stands for omitted irrelevant code .
Initiation : Userland processes ( or C library on their behalf ) call __kernel_vsyscall to execute system calls .
Address of __kernel_vsyscall is not fixed .
Kernel passes this address to userland processes using AT_SYSINFO elf parameter .
AT_ elf parameters , a.k.a. elf auxiliary vectors , are loaded on the process stack at the time of startup , alongwith the process arguments and the environment variables .
Look at [ 1 ] for more information on Elf auxiliary vectors .
After moving to this address , registers %ecx , %edx and %ebp are saved on the user stack and %esp is copied to %ebp before executing sysenter .
This %ebp later helps kernel in restoring userland stack back .
After executing sysenter instruction , processor starts execution at sysenter_entry .
sysenter_entry is defined in /usr / src/linux / arch/i386/kernel / entry .S as : ( See my comments in [ ] ) 179 ENTRY ( sysenter_entry ) 180 movl TSS_sysenter_esp0( %esp ) , %esp 181 sysenter_past_esp : 182 sti 183 pushl $ ( __USER_DS ) 184 pushl %ebp [ %ebp contains userland %esp ] 185 pushfl 186 pushl $ ( __USER_CS ) 187 pushl $ SYSENTER_RETURN [ %userland return addr ] 188 .... 201 pushl %eax 202 SAVE_ALL [ pushes registers on to stack ] 203 GET_THREAD_INFO ( %ebp ) 204 205 /* Note , _TIF_SECCOMP is bit number 8 , and so it needs testw and not testb */ 206 testw $( _TIF_SYSCALL_EMU|_TIF_SYSCALL_TRACE|_TIF_SECCOMP|_TIF_SYSCALL_AUDIT ) , TI_flags ( %ebp ) 207 jnz syscall_trace_entry 208 cmpl $ ( nr_syscalls ) , %eax 209 jae syscall_badsys 210 call * sys_call_table ( , %eax , 4 ) 211 movl %eax , EAX ( %esp ) ......
Inside sysenter_entry : between line 183 and 202 , kernel is saving the current state by pushing register values on to the stack .
Observe that $ SYSENTER_RETURN is the userland return address as defined inside /usr / src/linux / arch/i386/kernel/vsyscall-sysenter .S and %ebp contains userland ESP as %esp was copied to %ebp before calling sysenter .
After saving the state , kernel validates the system call number stored in %eax .
Finally appropriate system call is called using instruction : 210 call * sys_call_table ( , %eax ,4 ) This is very much similar to old way .
After system call is complete , processor resumes execution at line 211 .
Looking further in sysenter_entry definition : 210 call * sys_call_table ( , %eax , 4 ) 211 movl %eax , EAX ( %esp ) 212 cli 213 movl TI_flags ( %ebp ) , %ecx 214 testw $ _TIF_ALLWORK_MASK , %cx 215 jne syscall_exit_work 216 /* if something modifies registers it must also disable sysexit */ 217 movl EIP ( %esp ) , %edx ( EIP is 0x28 ) 218 movl OLDESP ( %esp ) , %ecx ( OLD ESP is 0x34 ) 219 xorl %ebp , %ebp 220 sti 221 sysexit Copies value in %eax to stack .
Userland ESP and return address ( to - be EIP ) are copied from kernel stack to %edx and %ecx respectively .
Observe that the userland return address , $ SYSENTER_RETURN was pushed on to stack in line 187 .
After that 0x28 bytes have been pushed on to the stack .
That 's why 0x28 ( %esp ) points to $ SYSENTER_RETURN .
After that SYSEXIT instruction is executed .
As we know from previous section , sysexit copies value in %edx to EIP and value in %ecx to ESP .
sysexit transfers processor back to ring 3 and processor resumes execution in userland .
5 . Some Code #include < stdio.h > int pid ; int main ( ) { __asm__( " movl $ 20 , %eax
" " call *%gs:0x10
" /* offset 0x10 is not fixed across the systems */ " movl %eax , pid
" ) ; printf ( " pid is %d
" , pid ) ; return 0 ; } This does the getpid ( ) system call ( __NR_getpid is 20 ) using __kernel_vsyscall instead of int 0x80 .
Why % gs:0x10 ?
Parsing process stack to find out AT_SYSINFO 's value can be a cumbersome task .
So , when libc . so ( C library ) is loaded , it copies the value of AT_SYSINFO from the process stack to the TCB ( Thread Control Block ) .
Segment register % gs refers to the TCB .
Please note that the offset 0x10 is not fixed across the systems .
I found it out for my system using GDB .
A system independent way to find out AT_SYSINFO is given in [ 1 ] .
Note :
This example is taken from http://www.win.tue.nl/~aeb/linux/lk/lk-4.html after little modification to make it work on my system .
6 . References
Here are some references that helped me understand this .
About Elf auxiliary vectors By Manu Garg
What is linux - gate .
so.1 ?
By Johan Peterson This Linux kernel : System Calls By Andries Brouwer Understanding the Linux Kernel , By Daniel P. Bovet , Marco Cesati Linux Kernel source code
Copyright 2006 Manu Garg +.
Daniel Weinreb sent this along and asked I post it to Planet Lisp , so here it is ( lightly htmlized from the original ) .
CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS INTERNATIONAL LISP CONFERENCE 2009 Lisp : The Next 50 Years http://www.international-lisp-conference.org
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Cambridge , Massachusetts , USA
March 22 - 25 , 2009
Sponsored by the Association of Lisp Users
General Information :
The Association of Lisp Users is pleased to announce the 2009 International Lisp Conference will be held in Cambridge , Massachusetts , at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sunday through Wednesday , March 22 - 25 , 2009 .
The emphasis will be on present and future applications of technologies that have been or might soon be associated with the Lisp programming language and / or related languages and software .
We encourage submissions in diverse areas , including but not limited to : language design and implementation , memory management , software engineering , mathematical and scientific computing , artificial intelligence , database processing and data mining , business intelligence , performance analysis , parallel processing , quantum computing , bioinformatics , telecommunications and networking , the semantic web , music , domain - specific languages , and entertainment technologies .
ILC09 is not limited to topics discussed in previous symposia .
Authors concerned about the appropriateness of a topic may communicate by electronic mail with the program chair prior to submission .
Explaining a known idea in a new way may make as strong a contribution as inventing a new one .
We encourage the submission of " pearls " : elegant essays that illustrate an idea , for example by developing a short program .
( A pearl should be concise , instructive , self - contained , and entertaining .
Your pearl is likely to be rejected if your readers get bored , if the material gets too complicated , if too much specialized knowledge is needed , or if the writing is inelegant .
The key to writing a good pearl is polishing . )
There is no formal separation of categories and no need to explicitly label pearls as such : all papers , whether pearl or otherwise , will be judged on a combination of correctness , significance , novelty , clarity , and elegance .
Each paper should explain its contributions in both general and technical terms , identifying what has been accomplished , explaining why it is significant , and comparing it with previous work .
Authors should strive to make their papers understandable to a broad audience .
Alongside our usual four - day program of tutorials , prominent invited speakers , and excellent technical sessions , this year we will also consider demonstration sessions .
The official language of the conference is English .
Further details are available at the conference web site : http://www.international-lisp-conference.org
Technical Program :
Original submissions in all areas related to the conference themes are invited for the following categories .
Papers : Technical papers of up to 15 pages that describe original results ( " research papers " ) or explain known ideas in new ways ( " pearls " ) .
Demonstrations : Abstracts of up to 4 pages for demonstrations of tools , libraries , and applications .
Tutorials : Abstracts of up to 4 pages for in - depth presentations about topics of special interest for at least 90 minutes and up to 180 minutes .
Panel discussions : Abstracts of up to 4 pages for discussions about current themes .
Panel discussion proposals must mention panel members who are willing to partake in a discussion .
Lightning talks : Abstracts of up to one page for talks to last for no more than 5 minutes .
Important Dates :
Please send contributions before the submission deadline to the program committee ( ilc09 - program - committee at alu.org ) .
Deadline for submissions : December 9 , 2008
Notification of acceptance or rejection : January 9 , 2009
Deadline for final paper submissions : February 9 , 2009
Organizing Committee :
Conference Chair : Daniel Weinreb ( ITA Software )
General correspondence : ilc09 - organizing - committee at alu.org
Program Chair : Guy L. Steele Jr. ( Sun Microsystems Laboratories )
Contact : ilc09 - program - committee at alu.org
Local chair : Howard Shrobe ( MIT )
Technical Program Committee : to be announced soon
Mandelson predicts tax rises to pay for £ 1,000 giveaway to poor families ... but only after the recession is over
Lord Mandelson admitted that readjustment would be necessary after any tax cuts
Peter Mandelson has predicted tax rises will eventually be needed to pay for the giveaway due to be unveiled by the Government on Monday .
He described the potential pain ahead as ' adjustments ' that may be necessary once the country has emerged from recession .
The Business Secretary weighed in behind Gordon Brown 's call for an urgent ' fiscal stimulus ' to help jolt the economy out of recession .
' You are talking about the immediate term - when taxes may be cut , alongside spending maintained , if not increased in certain key areas of government activity , on the one hand - and a medium - term adjustment some years ahead , ' he told BBC's Today programme .
He said cuts ' have to be targeted at segments of the population who are likely to increase their spending ' .
But the Business Secretary said any re-adjustments to take account of higher borrowing now would only occur after Britain has emerged from recession .
Last night , Mr Brown came under pressure from the International Monetary Fund to bring forward a programme worth about £ 30 billion - or £ 1,000 for every family .
IMF managing director Dominique Strauss - Kahn called for leading economies to approve a fiscal stimulus equal to 2 per cent of GDP .
This would result in a 2 per cent increase in growth , he predicted .
Asked where the stimulus was needed , he said : ' Everywhere - everywhere where it is possible , everywhere where you have some room concerning debt sustainability .
This effort has to be made . '
But Downing Street sources said Mr Brown was considering more modest plans .
One said : ' Needless to say that proposed scale of stimulus is not where we are for the UK . '
Yesterday the Chancellor signalled that the as - yet uncosted measures to be announced in the Pre-Budget Report next week are likely to take effect immediately .
Gordon Brown walks with the President of the European Commission , President Barroso , inside 10 Downing Street this morning
Ministers want to increase shoppers ' spending power before Christmas .
Although he would not be drawn on the precise nature and scope of the tax breaks , Alistair Darling said : ' If this is going to work here or anywhere else , you need to do something decisively and you need to do it quickly , so that it has an effect as quickly as you possibly can . '
China , Japan , Germany and Australia are among the countries which have already announced stimulus packages .
The policy also won backing at the weekend 's global finance summit in Washington .
In New York last week , Mr Brown said he wanted to boost the incomes of those ' with a propensity to consume ' , adding that lower - income households were ' more likely to spend when their credits are higher ' .
Recent tax cuts in America partly failed to boost the economy because taxpayers saved half their windfall and did n't spend it .
Ministers will also begin to push the idea that higher public spending is needed to boost jobs .
The Pre-Budget Report could signal moves to bring forward planned works , such a refurbishing schools , building hospitals and developing transport networks .
But all such programmes will have to be funded through extra state borrowing .
The Tories said Mr Brown was trying to ' max out the credit card ' at the expense of future generations .
Shadow Chancellor George Osborne refused to support the Government .
' The choice in British politics is going to be funded tax cuts from the Conservative Party , and a tax con by the Labour Party that has abandoned 15 years of rhetoric on fiscal stability , ' he told BBC1's Andrew Marr Show .
Meanwhile , a report from the Centre for Policy Studies thinktank suggests a ' toxic ' mix of high Government and consumer debt has left Mr Brown little room for manoeuvre .
' Excessive Government debt restricts the ability to cut taxes responsibly in the attempt to restart the economy , ' it concludes .
As these markets continue their chaotic path downward , people 's true colors come out .
Some people show increasing amounts of fairness and consideration .
Others will self - optimize and use every bit of leverage that they can get their hands on .
Two entrepreneur friends of mine recently had a very negative experience with an investor who has a reputation for being Machiavellian and it really , really has incensed me .
These slimy bottom suckers use the changing market conditions to test how low they can retrade an existing deal .
Here is the standard game plan for these kinds of assholes .
When they sense a dramatic change in the market , they pull away their term sheet siting " policy " changes .
However , instead of walking away from the deal , they mention in passing that they might reconsider under " different terms " .
If the entrepreneur bites , they know that they have leverage and they proceed to throw down absolutely egregious terms ( multiple liquidation preference , half the original price , etc ) .
If the entrepreneur bites on this , they know they really have them and continue to ratchet down the terms until things break and they back off .
Entrepreneurs who have a retrade occur , must first figure out how badly they need the money .
If they can get the runway from expense cuts or manage to breakeven , then they should tell the investor to pound sand as soon as they mention " different terms " .
Remember , even if you get this round done , you will be stuck with this scum for years to come and any time things go the wrong way , they will use their leverage to take another pound of flesh .
This falls into my category of " Life is too short to deal with Assholes " .
If you have to take the money , negotiate as hard as you can , realizing that they will continue the downward ratchet .
Try to drag out discussions and aggressively start talking to any other possible sources , even if under the same terms ( if you think they are decent people , at least the match wo n't burn twice ) .
Before dealing with someone , especially an investor , find out what their reputation is in ugly situations .
Did they roll up their sleeves and help the CEO or did they use the situation for leverage to self - optimize .
Animals do n't change stripes so assume you will see more of the same with yourself .
If I was n't concerned about libel issues , I would list a couple of these known predators ( with details ) such as the one pimping my friends .
I can only hope that the Laws of Karma eventually return the favor …
Europe 's leaders have been racing to throw banks a lifeline before markets reopen
The 15 eurozone leaders are meeting in Paris to try to establish a common front to tackle the financial crisis .
They were joined by British PM Gordon Brown , who urged them to adopt similar measures to his bank rescue plan .
According to a draft statement seen by the AFP news agency , the leaders plan to guarantee loans between banks .
Banks ' unwillingness to lend to each other has been the key problem of the credit crunch and it is hoped that loan guarantees will solve it .
Money lent for up to five years would be guaranteed but the banks would be charged at commercial rates for the service .
The draft statement also says that the eurozone leaders are determined not to let any major financial institutions fail and will step in to provide extra capital to failing banks if necessary .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A member of the French government has already said that the French cabinet will hold a special session on Monday to approve a bill offering state guarantees and recapitalisation to banks in trouble .
Several other countries also announced steps to protect their banks and depositors on Sunday .
Norway 's government said it would take control of the Norwegian branch of ailing Icelandic bank Kaupthing
Norway is to borrow 41bn euros ( $ 55 bn ; £ 32 bn ) to pay for measures to provide extra cash to financial markets
Portugal 's finance minister announced a 20bn euro state guarantee for banks
Australia has agreed to guarantee all deposits in the banks , building societies and credit unions for the next three years
New Zealand is guaranteeing all retail bank deposits for two years .
The British rescue plan , which was announced last week , involves making £ 50bn available to buy stakes in major banks , another £ 200bn for short term loans from the Bank of England and offering £ 250bn of loan guarantees for banks lending to each other .
The decisions we make in the next few days are decisions that will affect us for many years ahead
Gordon Brown
Peston : Banks humbled
Banks may get bail - out on Monday Finance crisis : in graphics The French plan sounds similar , although the details are not yet clear .
After meeting other EU leaders , the British prime minister said he expected confidence in the banking system to be restored " in the next few days " .
" The decisions we make in the next few days are decisions that will affect us for many years ahead , " Mr Brown said .
He added that European leaders had found " common ground " and agreed " co-ordinated action " on the way forward .
Gilles Carrez , a senior member of the French parliamentary finance committee , said earlier : " We need a law to put in place a state guarantee and an organ that will be charged with raising funds to help banks deal with their need to recapitalise . "
The heads of the EU 's four biggest economies - Britain , France , Germany and Italy - held a first crisis summit last week , but were split over the need for a common plan .
Ahead of Sunday 's eurozone meeting , French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel ruled out a joint financial rescue fund for Europe , along the lines of a recent $ 700 bn rescue by the US government .
Late on Friday , the architect of the US scheme , Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , said the US planned to invest directly in banks for the first time since the 1930s , following the UK programme of partial bank nationalisation .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mr Khoja wants the informal agreement formalised by the tribunal A Muslim catering manager has accused the Metropolitan Police of religious discrimination as he was told he may have to handle sausages and bacon .
Hasanali Khoja was told he would be expected to handle pork products at his new job at the Empress State Building in Earls Court , west London .
His lawyer said Mr Khoja was excused from pork meat in his previous job at Hendon Police College in north London .
An informal agreement was reached with the force but he wants it formalised .
Obviously nobody in my situation would be happy
Hasanali Khoja
An employment tribunal in Watford will consider his claim in May 2009 .
A Metropolitan Police ( Met ) spokesman said it was defending a claim of religious discrimination brought against it at an employment tribunal .
Islam forbids the consumption of pork meat or products containing pork .
Mr Khoja , a senior catering manager , has been working with the Met since 2005 and filed the claim in the tribunal last year .
He said : " Obviously nobody in my situation would be happy .
Pork handling is the issue . "
Religious beliefs
His lawyer Khalid Sofi said : " The claim is about his religious beliefs .
They failed to accommodate him as they had a duty to do under the law .
" He would have had to do certain things and bacon would have been involved . "
Mr Sofi said the Met reached an informal agreement with his client in June to excuse him from handling pork products after he took special leave from his job .
A Scotland Yard spokesman said : " A catering manager is bringing employment tribunal proceedings against the Metropolitan Police Service ( MPS ) alleging religious belief discrimination .
" The MPS is defending the claim . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Reverend Fred Phelps , the infamous head of the Westboro Baptist Church in Kansas , runs a website called www.godhatesfags.com and wants to erect a monument in Casper , Wyoming ’s Historical Monument Plaza depicting Matthew Shepard , the gay University of Wyoming student who was murdered in 1998 .
The caption would read , “ Matthew Shepard entered Hell October 12 , 1998 , in defiance of God ’s warning ‘ thou shalt not lie with mankind as with womankind ; it is abomination . ' ”
The city of Casper has declined to host Phelps ’ monument .
But whether the city can keep it out hinges on how the US Supreme Court decides a major free speech case involving a fringe religious sect that specializes in mummification of its adherents and , occasionally , their pets .
If the court comes to the rescue of the religious group , whose cause civil libertarians would normally support , cities and towns across the country might have no choice but to showcase all manner of bizarre or hateful monuments , like the one proposed by Phelps .
On Wednesday , the court heard oral arguments in Pleasant Grove City v. Summum , a case that is essentially forcing the justices to decide which is worse : letting the likes of Phelps fill public plazas with a parade of horrors , or allowing governments like Pleasant Grove to discriminate against religious minorities when it comes to adorning public space .
The case got its start in Utah , a perennial hotbed of church / state separation litigation , and centers on a Ten Commandments monument in Pleasant Grove ’s Pioneer Park .
The monument is one of many erected around the country by the Fraternal Order of Eagles in the 1960s and ’ 70s with backing from Cecile B. DeMille , who was promoting his Charlton Heston movie .
The monuments have generated a host of litigation in the past few years , and at least one previous Supreme Court decision .
Summum is a small religious sect founded in 1975 by the late Summum Bonum Amon Ra ( who also went by Corky ) .
The group operates out of a pyramid in Salt Lake City and is most famous for carrying on the Egyptian tradition of mummification , a practice that is also the sect ’s primary source of income .
Over the past 15 years , the group has become a thorn in the side of Mormon Utah towns that have public displays of the Ten Commandments .
Summum first sued several towns to have the monuments removed in the mid-1990s .
When those efforts failed , the group sought to erect monuments of its own , displaying its “ Seven Aphorisms . ”
Summum believe that God gave Moses the Aphorisms before he handed down the Ten Commandments , but that Moses destroyed the original tablets because the people were n’t ready for the received wisdom .
The Aphorisms , in the shortened version , are “ Psychokinesis , Correspondence , Vibration , Opposition , Rhythm , Cause and Effect , and Gender . ”
As you might expect , the Utah towns , including Pleasant Grove , all said no to the Aphorism monuments .
In response , Summum sued them for violating the Establishment Clause , the constitutional wall between church and state that bars the government from favoring one religion over another .
These would normally be slam - dunk cases because the towns so clearly discriminated against the sect .
( In Pleasant Grove ’s case , the town elders made up new rules for monuments after Summum ’s request that conveniently excluded the Aphorisms . )
This being Utah , where other nontraditional religious theories are mainstream , the case is anything but simple .
In 1973 , the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals , which covers Utah , ruled in Anderson v. Salt Lake City that the Ten Commandments are n’t a religious symbol at all but are principally secular in nature , so governments can display them at will without any fear of violating the Establishment Clause .
The case was one of the first to challenge a religious display and has remained the law of the Land of Zion ever since , even though the Supreme Court has found otherwise since then .
That ’s why Summum ’s original attempts to eradicate these monuments initially failed .
Stymied , the Summum changed tactics .
To get around the 10th Circuit ’s finding , the group argued that favoring one faith over another in public monument selection constitutes not religious discrimination under the Establishment Clause but “ viewpoint discrimination , ” a free speech violation .
That decision proved pivotal , and timely , as it was the same argument that many Christian - right groups were using to score big victories in the Supreme Court to win permission for religious groups to use public school facilities , among other things .
Under its free speech argument , Summum won a trio of lawsuits , though still failed to get the Aphorisms installed .
The cities of Ogden and Salt Lake chose to remove the Ten Commandments rather than install the Aphorisms .
In 2003 , the city of Duchesne took the extraordinary measure of privatizing a 10 - by - 10 - foot square around its Ten Commandments monument to prevent a Summum installation .
In 2003 , the group sued Pleasant Grove for violating its free speech rights .
Again , the case went to federal court .
But this time , the court ruled against Summum .
The group appealed to the 10th Circuit , where a three - judge panel ordered Pleasant Grove to let Summum install their monument .
Pleasant Grove asked for a rehearing on the case by the full circuit , which was denied .
But the conflicting opinions of the judges on the rehearing issue , particularly that of Judge Michael McConnell , who is regarded as one of the country ’s leading experts on religion and the law , practically begged the Supreme Court to take up the case .
( The decision also emboldened Reverend Phelps to make his request for the Matthew Shepard monument . )
The case attracted the attention of the religious right and its leading public interest law firm , the American Center for Law & Justice , which had pioneered the use of free speech arguments to expand religion into the public sphere .
But in this case it took the exact opposite position , coming out against the sect .
With help from the well - known ACLJ lawyer Jay Sekulow , Pleasant Grove appealed , and Wednesday , Sekulow argued the case before the Supreme Court .
Sekulow ’s position in the case conflicts with his earlier arguments against religious discrimination .
Based on his litigation record , you ’d think he ’d support more religion in public space , not less .
But Sekulow and his supporters do n’t want just any religion in public space — just their own .
They want the government to be able to discriminate among religious faiths .
Christian - right groups also fear that if Pleasant Grove loses this case , Ten Commandment monuments nationwide will be threatened , and ultimately removed , as they were in Ogden and Salt Lake .
Hence the brief in Summum filed by Roy Moore , the former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice who lost his job after he ignored a federal court order to remove an enormous Decalogue from his courthouse .
Now head of the Foundation for Moral Law , Moore issued a statement on the Summum case saying , “ Neither the U.S. Constitution nor the radical opinions of federal courts give judges a right to act as park managers to install the beliefs of a new age religion foreign to our culture and heritage . ”
You ’d think that in a case like this , civil liberties groups would be eager to defend Summum ’s free speech rights from the right wingers in the high court .
Instead , the case has totally befuddled the usual defenders of religious minorities .
Sadly for Summum , most of those groups are sitting this one out .
Americans United for Separation of Church and State and other civil liberties groups filed amicus briefs , but supporting neither side .
They simply argued that the case should not be decided on free speech grounds at all and suggested that the court instead correct the 10th Circuit ’s screwy 1970s - era decision on the Establishment Clause that said the Ten Commandments were n’t a religious icon .
The ACLU chose to abstain from the case altogether .
Summum ’s supporters are few and far between .
The reason , of course , is Fred Phelps .
A win for Summum would bar governments from discriminating in its choice of monuments in places like the National Mall , and essentially force federal and state authorities to either let everyone in or get rid of the monuments altogether .
As much as the ACLU and Americans United oppose the government ’s discrimination against a religious minority , in this case , there is simply no good outcome for them .
“ You ’re dammed if you do , you ’re dammed if you do n’t , ” says Ayesha Khan , the lawyer for Americans United .
The only hope for Summum is Chief Justice John Roberts ’ prediction in oral arguments on Wednesday :
They ’ll be back .
The current case only involves the First Amendment free speech rights .
Summum never asked the court to consider whether Pleasant Grove had violated the Establishment Clause by turning down its Seven Aphorisms , which it appears the city clearly did .
Roberts noted that the court could expect to see Summum before the court in about five years after it litigates the other issue .
After all , Roberts asked , “ What is the government doing supporting the Ten Commandments ? ”
Photo from Summum website .
It has been two weeks since Israel imposed a complete closure of Gaza , after months when its crossings have been open only for the most minimal of humanitarian supplies .
Now it is even worse : two weeks without United Nations food trucks for the 80 % of the population entirely dependent on food aid , and no medical supplies or drugs for Gaza 's ailing hospitals .
No fuel ( paid for by the EU ) for Gaza 's electricity plant , and no fuel for the generators during the long blackouts .
Last Monday morning , 33 trucks of food for UN distribution were finally let in – a few days of few supplies for very few , but as the UN asks , then what ?
Israel 's official explanation for blocking even minimal humanitarian aid , according to IDF spokesperson Major Peter Lerner , was " continued rocket fire and security threats at the crossings " .
Israel 's blockade , in force since Hamas seized control of Gaza in mid-2007 , can be described as an intensification of policies designed to isolate the population of Gaza , cripple its economy , and incentivise the population against Hamas by harsh – and illegal – measures of collective punishment .
However , these actions are not all new : the blockade is but the terminal end of Israel 's closure policy , in place since 1991 , which in turn builds on Israel 's policies as occupier since 1967 .
In practice , Israel 's blockade means the denial of a broad range of items – food , industrial , educational , medical – deemed " non-essential " for a population largely unable to be self - sufficient at the end of decades of occupation .
It means that industrial , cooking and diesel fuel , normally scarce , are virtually absent now .
There are no queues at petrol stations ; they are simply shut .
The lack of fuel in turn means that sewage and treatment stations cannot function properly , resulting in decreased potable water and tens of millions of litres of untreated or partly treated sewage being dumped into the sea every day .
Electricity cuts – previously around eight hours a day , now up to 16 hours a day in many areas – affect all homes and hospitals .
Those lucky enough to have generators struggle to find the fuel to make them work , or spare parts to repair them when they break from overuse .
Even candles are running out .
There can be no dispute that measures of collective punishment against the civilian population of Gaza are illegal under international humanitarian law .
Fuel and food cannot be withheld or wielded as reward or punishment .
But international law was tossed aside long ago .
The blockade has been presented as punishment for the democratic election of Hamas , punishment for its subsequent takeover of Gaza , and punishment for militant attacks on Israeli civilians .
The civilians of Gaza , from the maths teacher in a United Nations refugee camp to the premature baby in an incubator , properly punished for actions over which they have no control , will rise up and get rid of Hamas .
Or so it goes .
And so what of these civilian agents of political change ?
For all its complexities and tragedies , the over - arching effect of Israel 's blockade has been to reduce the entire population to survival mode .
Individuals are reduced to the daily detail of survival , and its exhaustions .
Consider Gaza 's hospital staff .
In hospitals , the blockade is as seemingly benign as doctors not having paper upon which to write diagnostic results or prescriptions , and as sinister as those seconds – between power cut and generator start – when a child on life support does n't have the oxygen of a mechanical ventilator .
A nurse on a neo-natal ward rushes between patients , battling the random schedule of power cuts .
A hospital worker tries to keep a few kidney dialysis machines from breaking down , by farming spare parts from those that already have .
The surgeon operates without a bulb in the surgery lamp , across from the anaesthetist who can no longer prevent patient pain .
The hospital administrator updates lists of essential drugs and medical supplies that have run out , which vaccines from medical fridges are now unusable because they can't be kept cold , and which procedures must be cancelled altogether .
The ambulance driver decides whether to respond to an emergency call , based on dwindling petrol in the tank .
By reducing the population to survival mode , the blockade robs people of the time and essence to do anything but negotiate the minutiae of what is and is n't possible in their personal and professional lives .
Whether any flour will be available to make bread , where it might be found , how much it now costs .
Rich or poor , taxi drivers , human rights defenders , and teachers alike spend hours speculating about where a canister of cooking gas might be found .
Exhaustion is gripping hold of all in Gaza .
Survival leaves little if no room for political engagement – and beyond exhaustion , anger and frustration are all that is left .
Dean : Scarborough ' parroting ' GOP talking points David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday November 4 , 2008
Print This Email This MSNBC's Joe Scarborough welcomed Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean to his program on Tuesday morning by acknowledging the likelihood of a " historic victory " for Barack Obama .
However , Scarborough , a former Republican Congressman , quickly turned from congratulating Dean to suggesting that the Democratic leadership in Congress would be likely to " overreach " once they enjoyed larger majorities and a president of their own party .
Dean told Scarborough in response that he sounded like he was " parroting " Republican attack ads .
" What do you tell Americans today , " Scarborough began , " as they 're getting out and voting , that may be concerned that if they give the Democrats the Senate and the House and the White House , that they may be no more responsible than the Republicans when they were given all branches of power or the Clinton administration in ' 93 and ' 94 ? "
" The Clinton administration did some good things , " Dean objected .
" I 'd say give us a chance . "
" The Democrats overreached in '93 and ' 94 , " insisted Scarborough , " which put Republicans in the House and Senate for the better part of a decade .
Tell me Democrats wo n't make that same mistake again . "
" Joe , this election is not about the past , " Dean replied .
" This is about the future , and Barack is going to run a great administration .
We 're going to work back toward restoring fiscal responsibility to this country .
... Give us a chance to change America . "
" You were considered a moderate governor in Vermont , " Scarborough told Dean .
" Do you think that Barack Obama is going to be able to deal with Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid and others in Congress and explain to them that sometimes ' perfect ' is the enemy of ' good ' ? "
" You sound like you 're parroting the party line in the last couple of weeks of attack ads , " Dean responded .
He went on to describe both Pelosi and Reid as " thoughtful " and concluded , " We will move the country forward .
We will deliver on our promises . "
This video is from MSNBC's Morning Joe , broadcast November 4 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
This thread on the scala - debate mailing list ( originally from scala - user ) should prove an interesting discussion .
It basically covers the two key elements for language adoption in the Java mindshare space :
Tool support and stable backing .
Erik Engbrecht makes the good point that tool support is coming along and the people working on Scala are paid to do so .
The tool support is definitely still in active development .
There 's a general feature race going on between the big three IDEs ( Eclipse , NetBeans and IDEA ) to support as many languages as possible .
With all it 's static analysis , Scala has a lot of potential for IDE support .
The key , however , is going to be getting past Java 's support .
All the extra overhead static typing and analysis brings to the table requires the IDE to handle a lot of things developers can otherwise ignore with dynamic languages .
For Scala to compete with Java , it 's going to need to equal Java on the stuff that 's similar , and provide a better view for developers on all the implicit stuff .
I do n't think a bunch of researchers working on the language is quite as solid an endorsement as corporate investment , but that does n't mean it 's not worth a lot .
For a lot of people it 's going to stand up better as an argument than " the BDFL will not abandon this language , because it 's his baby . "
Funding for FRONTLINE is provided through the support of PBS viewers .
Major funding for FRONTLINE is provided by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation .
Additional funding is provided by the Park Foundation .
Additional funding for Boogie Man : The Lee Atwater Story is provided by the Nathan Cummings Foundation , the Independent Television Service ( ITVS ) , with funding provided by the Corporation for Public Broadcasting , LEF Foundation and the Paul Robeson Fund for Independent Media .
( CNN ) -- Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin plans to appear on " Saturday Night Live " this weekend , multiple sources told CNN Thursday .
" Saturday Night Live " has featured three opening skits in which former cast member and Palin lookalike Tina Fey portrays the Alaska governor .
It was not known whether Fey also will appear on Saturday night 's program .
The live comedy program airs on NBC at 11:30 p.m. ET .
Fey first appeared as Palin for the show 's season premiere last month in a sketch with SNL cast member Amy Poehler , who played Sen. Hillary Clinton .
Do n't Miss Tina
Fey 's SNL plans this week : ' I do n't know '
Fey reprised her role as Palin two weeks later , again alongside Poehler , who played CBS 's Katie Couric in a parody of Palin 's interview with the CBS anchor earlier that week .
Earlier this week , Palin told reporters that she 'd love to appear on the show with Fey , The Associated Press reported .
" I love her , she 's a hoot and she 's so talented , " Palin said , according to the AP .
" It would be fun to meet her , imitate her and keep on giving her new material . "
All About Saturday Night Live • Tina Fey • Sarah Palin
It is a commonly held belief amongst green parents that cloth diapers , or nappies as they are called across the pond , are better for the environment than disposable ones .
We ’ve written about the benefits of cloth diapers multiple times , and I have even shared my eco -guilt over using Seventh Generation disposables .
A new UK government report finds exactly the opposite : disposable diapers are better for the environment .
This finding is shocking !
Government ministers could n’t believe it either and actually buried the report , because they were embarrassed by the findings .
According to the Times Online :
The Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) has instructed civil servants not to publicise the conclusions of the £ 50,000 nappy research project and to adopt a “ defensive ” stance towards its conclusions .
The report found that using washable nappies , hailed by councils throughout Britain as a key way of saving the planet , have a higher carbon footprint than their disposable equivalents unless parents adopt an extreme approach to laundering them .
To reduce the impact of cloth nappies on climate change parents would have to hang wet nappies out to dry all year round , keep them for years for use on younger children , and make sure the water in their washing machines does not exceed 60C .
[ social_buttons ]
For my family , cloth diapers were the best choice .
I did use the same diapers and covers on two children for a total of six years of diapering .
I only wash in cold water , and I live off - the - grid using renewable hydro power .
Our only downfall is that I did place them in the dryer , which runs on propane , to further sanitize them and to make them softer for my children ’s little bums .
I think what can be learned from this report is that no matter what choice we make when it comes to diapering our children , we need to consider what we do after we make that choice .
The kind of disposable diaper chosen or the method of laundering a cloth diaper has a significant impact on the environment .
The report found that while disposable nappies used over 2 ½ years would have a global warming impact of 550kg of CO2 reusable nappies produced 570 kg of CO2 on average .
But if parents used tumble dryers and washed the reusable nappies at 90C , the impact could spiral to .
993kg of CO2 A Defra spokesman said the government was shelving plans for future research on nappies .
I do n’t think the report considered the impact on landfills of disposable diapers , and I think that further research needs to be done .
I ca n’t embrace these findings , as there are many factors that were not considered .
What about diaper services that reuse the same cloth diapers many times for many families ?
I do n’t know any families that just dispose of their cloth diapers when their children have completed their toilet learning .
If they are still in good shape , they are passed on to other families .
If they are stained and falling apart , they are used as rags .
I still think using cloth diapers was the best choice for my children ’s health and the environment despite this report .
Image : Ecoscraps
Illustration by Claudio Munoz
MANY Japanese were surprised that a hotel chain , under a cloud for shoddy earthquake - proofing standards , should sponsor a competition for the best essay to deny Japan 's wartime role as an aggressor and sponsor of atrocities .
But then the chain 's boss , Toshio Motoya , is a vigorous historical revisionist ( and big supporter of Shinzo Abe , prime minister in 2006 - 07 ) .
More astounding , then : the competition winner , Toshio Tamogami , was none other than the head of Japan 's air force .
Mr Tamogami's offering is a warmed - through hash of thrice - cooked revisionism .
Japan , he writes , fought a war of self - defence , protecting its legal territories of Manchukuo ( North - East China ) and Korea against communists .
Pearl Harbour was an American - laid trap .
Japanese occupations were both benevolent and a liberation of Asia from the yoke of Western imperialism — indeed , neighbours ( 20 m of whose deaths were caused by the Japanese ) now look fondly on wartime Japan .
Japan must “ reclaim its glorious history ” , Mr Tamogami ended with a barrel - rolling flourish and a want of irony , “ for a country that denies its own history is destined to fall . ”
The prime minister of six weeks , Taro Aso , from the Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) , moved swiftly .
Within hours of the essay 's publication on October 31st , Mr Tamogami , a general , was out of a job .
China and South Korea expressed shock at his views , but accepted that they did not reflect the government's .
Mr Tamogami did not help his case by complaining that Japan 's freedom of expression was on a par with North Korea's .
As well as the ¥ 3 m ( $ 30,000 ) essay prize , he gets a ¥ 60 m retirement bonus from the defence ministry .
End of story ?
Not quite .
For a start , Mr Tamogami , it transpires , took Mr Motoya for a joy - ride in a fighter jet .
And since his sacking , it turns out that of the 230 - odd aspiring writers of historical fiction , 78 were officers in Japan 's air force , most of them close to their general .
Of course , it is understandable that some professional warriors might chafe at Japan 's American - dictated pacifist constitution ; and at a victor 's interpretation of history that discredited Japan 's proud armed forces .
But for so many to write revisionist claptrap in a hotel - sponsored competition is rum indeed .
The unfortunate impression is of those radicalised officers ' messes of the 1930s , out of which the Japanese army mugged civilian rule : the rest was , well , history .
So the prime minister has some explaining to do , and the opposition Democratic Party of Japan will make all the hay it can .
It wants Mr Tamogami to testify before the Diet .
It may press the prime minister about his own views .
His government , like its predecessors , endorses apologies , first formulated in the mid-1990s , expressing guilt and remorse for wartime suffering .
In office ( and as foreign minister before that ) Mr Aso has also eschewed visiting Yasukuni , where war criminals as well as Japan 's 2.5 m war dead are enshrined .
Yet in the past Mr Aso , in a shoot - from - the - hip way , has echoed many of Mr Tamogami 's right - wing views .
He has , for instance , praised Japan 's occupation of Korea from 1910 - 45 , even though his family fortune derives from a mining company that used Korean slave labour during the second world war .
As prime minister Mr Aso has been on good behaviour .
Yet the day after Mr Tamogami 's sacking , he casually picked up a volume of views similar to the general 's from a Tokyo bookstore .
Mr Aso is certainly doing his bit to improve tricky relations with neighbours , China and South Korea in particular .
Unlike many revisionists , he embraces the post - war order , wants an internationalist role for Japan , and does not see bogeymen behind every tree .
Yet now he has the challenge of reassuring Japan 's neighbours over the Tamogami affair without undermining his own conservative base .
The public reaction to the affair reinforces how beleaguered these days are Japan 's history - deniers , says Jeffrey Kingston , a historian of Asia at Temple University in Tokyo .
Even Yasukuni has toned down the exhibits in its notorious museum , where until recently militarism was celebrated and all atrocities denied .
The most notable denial was of the Nanjing massacre of tens ( or possibly hundreds ) of thousands of Chinese in December 1937 .
Now the museum admits that killings took place , but suggests they were of enemy soldiers disguised as civilians .
This is the problem with the historical fantasists .
Even as they moderate their public message , they leave you waiting for the “ but ” .
News
WASHINGTON , October 17 - Protecting children in an age of broadband -- connected wireless devices and Web 2.0 applications will require pro-active cooperation by internet service providers ( ISPs ) , a panel of child safety experts and industry representatives said Thursday at the National Press Club .
Christopher Wolf , an attorney at Proskauer Rose , said that ISPs should play a greater role in patrolling against hate speech .
The terms of service of broadband providers are " not constrained by the First Amendment , " he said , and could have a role to play in taking such speech down .
Wolf also said one of the most pressing threats to " digital natives , " or young people who have grown up online , is that they are more likely to constantly post information about themselves and their activities , creating a potentially permanent " digital dossier " that could come back to haunt them later in life .
" Kids speak digital as a first language " and are more likely to let down their guard when posting information online , said Wolf .
These risks are sharpened by the lack of a uniform national privacy law and a Congress that legislates " re-actively , " he said .
While praising the efforts made by legislators in Virginia , Illinois and Texas to create cyber - safety education programs in schools , Wolf stressed the importance of parental involvement as the first step in protecting young people .
Parents can't abdicate responsibility for their kids ' online activities because they do n't understand the technology , he warned .
Another danger lurking online comes from the proliferation and routine exposure of children to so - called hate speech on sites that indoctrinate or recruit at - risk youths , Wolf said .
Wolf chairs the Anti-Defamation League 's internet task force , and said that increases in cyberbullying might be linked to the increased accessibility of such content and the ease with which kids can now communicate with each other .
Wolf said that ISPs need to more vigilantly " keep track " of sites with racist materials in order to keep kids away from such content .
Wolf is also co-chairman of the AT&T - supported “ Hands Off the Internet ” coalition , a group opposed to Net Neutrality rules ,
The role of the ISP is mainly one of education , said Brent Olson , assistant vice president for regulatory policy at AT&T .
Olson said that AT&T 's goal is to " help parents be parents . "
He pointed to tools available on his company 's web site .
He also said that AT&T has also invested in cybereducation for kids , included a program called iKeepSafe and D.A.R.E. , or Drug Abuse Resistence Education .
While internet safety protection efforts once focused on keeping children away from certain types of content , kids today produce it themselves and share it in a " stream of consciousness , " said Family Online Safety Institute CEO Stephan Balkam .
Balkam expressed concern over cases in Texas and Ohio where kids who sent each other photos of themselves have been prosecuted under child pornography statutes .
Of similar concern to Balkam are new anti-cyberbullying statutes like the Megan Meier Cyberbullying Prevention Act , H.R. 6123 .
Congress must be careful about criminalizing " so - called normal behavior " of children , he said .
The actual dangers from strangers online must by evaluated in a " cool , calm way , " Balkam said , dismissing fears perpetuated by shows like NBC's " To Catch a Predator , " which he sarcastically referred to as true " Perverted Justice . "
“ Perverted Justice ” is the name of the online vigilante group NBC collaborated with to produce the controversial shows .
When dealing with kids ' activities online , Balkam said a more productive approach would be education on the three “ c’s : ” content , conduct and contact .
Education should be grounded on real research , he said , and should not neglect the real questions at the heart of the matter : " How will we , as parents , control what kids are exposed to , ... or expose of themselves ? "
Balkam suggested that ISP terms of service would be the " next battleground " on hate speech and cyberbullying .
Public pressure will work to pressurize web site operators and service providers on the issue , he said .
Governmental action must take the form of a measured approach by the next Congress and the new administration with regard to online safety issues , he said .
" We must not overreact . "
The next administration should take executive action on online safety , Balkam said .
While the Clinton administration had regular meetings on the issue , over the past eight years different agencies have tried to help in the own way , but with little success , he said .
In spite of the inclusion of an anti-child pornography provision in the recently passed Broadband Date Improvement Act , S. 1492 , the bill does little to help bring all safety efforts under one umbrella , said Balkham .
But Balkam addded he is " very encouraged " by the records of both presidential candidates .
Sen .
John McCain held hearings on Internet safety when he chaired the Commerce Committee , while Sen. Barack Obama 's proposal for a national chief technology officer could include a chief safety officer under the CTO .
Both candidates , he said , appear strong enough on the issue to help kids be " safe at any speed . "
Apple is contributing $ 100,000 to fight Proposition 8 , the California ballot measure that would define marriage as only between a man and a woman .
The company 's announcement today came as the fight over Prop. 8 grows hotly contested , with recent polls showing the race tightening .
The Cupertino , Calif . - based company said in a statement :
Apple was among the first California companies to offer equal rights and benefits to our employees ' same - sex partners , and we strongly believe that a person 's fundamental rights -- including the right to marry -- should not be affected by their sexual orientation .
Apple views this as a civil rights issue , rather than just a political issue , and is therefore speaking out publicly against Proposition 8 .
Apple becomes the latest prominent Silicon Valley company to speak out against the measure .
Google 's founders gave $ 140,000 to the " No on 8 " campaign -- $ 100,000 from Sergey Brin and $ 40,000 from Larry Page , the San Jose Mercury News reported today .
The Internet company , based in Mountain View , Calif. , had earlier taken the unusual step of publicly opposing the measure , which would ban same - sex marriage , saying it would have a " chilling and discriminatory effect " on many of its employees .
Some supporters of Prop. 8 have said they would protest businesses that actively oppose the measure unless they make similar donations to ProtectMarriage.com , which is trying to overturn the California Supreme Court decision that legalized same - sex marriages .
" Our campaign is a campaign of the people , " Sonja Eddings Brown , deputy communications director on Yes on 8 , said today following Apple 's announcement .
" We knew we would never be able to compete with the large corporations and Hollywood .
We represent the families .
We are standing up and pushing back with everything we have . "
" I respect everyone 's views , " she said , " and if it 's a corporate view , great . "
-- Michelle Quinn
Photo : Apple Chief Executive Steve Jobs .
Credit : Justin Sullivan / Associated Press
* This post has been updated with response from the Yes on 8 campaign .
After the " big reveal " at the San Francisco LucasArts office , we were given the chance for Q&A with BioWare and LucasArts on details for the KOTOR MMO .
Which was kind of silly , since they largely refused to answer any of the questions with anything besides " We ca n't talk about that yet . "
So here 's what we do n't know : — The level cap — The release date — The type or total number of classes ( so far , only Jedi and Sith have been officially announced ) — If or what kind of vehicles and spaceships users will be able to own / access / build — If or which races will be faction - specific — What kind of business models the MMO will employ ( subscription , micro transactions , etc . )
As for what we do know , you 'll have to hit the jump to find out .
1 ) The lightsabers in the screenshots will shrink – but not by much .
Advertisement
Art Director Jeff Dobson says that Old Republic will not have a totally realistic art style ; but neither will it be too cartoon -y .
The idea here , he says , is that they want a distinct look for the MMO that sets it apart from all others – one that will run on as many machines as possible without sacrificing the quality of the graphics .
2 ) They really , really , really mean it when they say that there is story in this game and it is what sets Old Republic apart from every MMO out there .
I 'm skeptical about this – how many times have we heard it before ?
Argue Guild Wars , Tabula Rasa , or Age of Conan until you 're blue in the face ; it did n't do it for me as far as " story " went and BioWare does n't think it did it at all .
The difference in Old Republic that I can see so far is we 're hearing it from BioWare , a heavy - hitter in the story department .
According to Lead Writer Daniel Erickson , there will be no " Darth Vader saves someone 's cat " quests or " go collect 18 rat butts , " and other stuff you associate with the paper - thin plots in other MMOs that tout their " stories . "
The stories in Old Republic are set by class .
Each class will have its own unique story that can play out in tons of different ways ( they do n't want any two people to have the exact same experience , although they were n't entirely confident that this would be 100 % true ) .
The idea is that you could roll a Jedi , play the whole way through and then go back and play a Sith and never see the same content / cutscene / choices .
Everything will be epic all of the time , says Erickson .
The K'lor slug you see below – you fight that thing at level one on the path of the Sith .
Things do n't get any smaller , in scope , size or difficulty than that .
Erickson says that all of the choices your character makes are on the grand scale of saving the galaxy .
You can't just go into a cantina and poke some guy to give you some task so you can earn money .
You 're supposed to be asking yourself : I 'm out saving / destroying the galaxy ; do I really have time for this ?
Advertisement
Also , your companion character will matter in a big way .
You can collect more than one , but you can only keep one with you at a time .
This character will grow based on the choices you make – you might even form a romance with them ( or maybe kill them … ? ) .
They 'll react to your choices , either encouraging a behavior or freaking out when you do something bad like force - choking someone .
They 'll also have companion - specific quests that you can play out to strengthen ( or destroy ) your bond to your companion .
Oh , and we will see stuff in Old Republic that ties up loose KOTOR ends from the game – if we look for it .
BioWare does n't want to rub these plot points in the face of MMO gamers and Star Wars fans who never got around to playing it .
And maybe we 'll see some influences from the comics and stuff … ?
I 'd totally dig having a Nomi Sunrider NPC …
3 ) You do n't pick good or evil right off the bat I was so happy to hear this – they were having a hard time explaining it .
But somewhere between Erickson and Designers Jake Neri , Gordon Walton , Rich Vogel and James Ohlen 's Q&A , it was made clear that you choose a faction from the get - go ( Sith or Republic ) .
Your good or evil status evolves through the choices you make , which is true to the KOTOR standard .
Mind you , choosing Sith means something in this galaxy .
The timeline is set only 300 years after the events in KOTOR , so it 's still very upsetting and somewhat " bad " to be a Sith .
However , Old Republic is out to challenge what " Sith " means .
The story goes that after KOTOR , two Jedi got exiled into deep space , ran into the Sith , shit hit the fan , and then they were sent back to the Republic as Sith emissaries .
The Sith then kicked the shit out of the Republic , abruptly backed off and said " Give us these random worlds for no specific reason , and we 'll call it even . "
And the Republic says " Deal , " so now we 've got these two factions sitting uneasily in a divided galaxy .
Erickson went on some huge tangent about the evolution of the Sith from a real race ( like with a different skin color and stuff ) breeding with humans and influencing the philosophy of the Jedi such that a new thinking arose .
This new thinking took on the name of the race ( Sith ) , and then apparently shit hit the fan ( that happens a lot in the galaxy far , far away ) , so " Sith " started to mean " evil . "
This made me squee inside because I 'm a fangirl who 's read all the fanfiction Expanded Universe books and the best thing I took away from them was Vergere 's challenge to Luke Skywalker that there is no Dark or Light Side .
There was also something in those books about Sith not defaulting to evil .
I think this point got totally ret-conned in the last Legacy book …
4 ) There will be crafting , there will probably be guilds , there will definitely be PvP and there wo n't be a whole lot of instancing
The bottom line is that BioWare knows what makes an MMO good – they 've played World of Warcraft , they 've at least heard of Warhammer ( y' know , being a new EA partner and all ) .
They want to put the stuff in there that will attract MMO gamers .
But they also want to keep KOTOR fans interested and maintain the integrity of the " epic- ness " of the game .
So that means that they wo n't necessarily rely on instancing ( not everyone can blow up the Death Star , I guess ) , and the crafting wo n't be some mundane thing where you find some thread and some crystals and viola – you have shoes !
Of course they wo n't say what the crafting will be , how the guilds will work or what PvP will play like ( yet ) .
I asked about moisture farming and they said no .
But in that trailer , we saw a Jedi putting together a lightsaber , and Ohlen did come out and say you would n't end the game with the lightsaber you started with , so …
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
5 ) Star Wars : Galaxies is not getting shut down
As for what will happen to it , no one seemed ready to say .
Clearly , BioWare used it as a learning experience for crafting the KOTOR MMO – which means I might get to play a Sith Twi'lek stripper if I play my cards right .
But I have to ask myself if LucasArts really needs ( or wants ) to run two Star Wars MMOs at once .
If I had to guess , I think LucasArts will wait and see how well Old Republic does .
If it sells like hotcakes the cost of maintaining Galaxies is too high , logically , they 'd phase it out and concentrate all their resources on Old Republic content .
6 ) " You ca n't ruin Star Wars . "
This is what Daniel Erickson declared at the end of the night after " adult refreshments " were served .
I had to think real hard about it ( and consider the question of whether or not Jar Jar Binks counts as " ruining " or " irritating " ) ; but then I saw what Erickson was getting at .
Star Wars is a franchise that has survived everything from Jar Jar to the Christmas Special which shall not be seen again on network television .
There are toys , toothpastes , Lego sets , and yet another animated series running on Cartoon Network .
How can an MMO – made by BioWare , no less – possibly make anything worse ?
If anything , we can have reasonable hope that Old Republic will make Star Wars better – because the BioWare folks understand the meaning of canon ( even if I can't spell the word consistently : p ) , and have done their homework .
So , love MMOs or hate them , love KOTOR , or hate it , LucasArts is going balls - out on this .
And it 'll be interesting to see what happens .
P.S. Another revelation of Erickson : Modesto , CA = Tatooine ; Tatooine = the cradle of galactic civilization , ergo Modest = the cradle of civilization …?
I do n't think he had it all quite worked out , but he had a point about Tatooine and Modesto sharing some similarities .
Namely being boring , says Erickson .
Like all psy­chi­atric dis­or­ders , ADHD is diag­nosed based on the pres­ence of par­tic­u­lar behav­ioral symp­toms that are judged to cause sig­nif­i­cant impair­ment in an indi­vid­u­al ’s func­tion­ing , and not on the results of a spe­cif­ic test .
In fact , recent­ly pub­lished ADHD eval­u­a­tion guide­lines from the Amer­i­can Acad­e­my of Pedi­atrics ( AAP ) explic­it­ly state that no par­tic­u­lar diag­nos­tic test should be rou­tine­ly used when eval­u­at­ing a child for ADHD .
While most ADHD experts would agree that no sin­gle test could or should be used in iso­la­tion to diag­nose ADHD , there are sev­er­al impor­tant rea­sons why the avail­abil­i­ty of an accu­rate objec­tive test would be use­ful .
First , many chil­dren do not receive a care­ful and com­pre­hen­sive assess­ment for ADHD but are instead diag­nosed with based on eval­u­a­tion pro­ce­dures that are far from opti­mal .
Sec­ond , although AAP guide­lines indi­cate that spe­cif­ic diag­nos­tic tests should not be rou­tine­ly used , many par­ents are con­cerned about the lack of objec­tive pro­ce­dures in their child ’s eval­u­a­tion .
In fact , many fam­i­lies do not pur­sue treat­ment for ADHD because the the absence of objec­tive eval­u­a­tion pro­ce­dures leads them to ques­tion the diag­no­sis .
You can read a review of an inter­est­ing study on this issue at www.helpforadd.com/2006/january.htm
For these rea­sons an accu­rate and objec­tive diag­nos­tic test for ADHD could be of val­ue in many clin­i­cal sit­u­a­tions .
Two impor­tant con­di­tions would have to be met for such a test to be use­ful .
First , it would have to be high­ly sen­si­tive to the pres­ence of ADHD , i.e. , indi­vid­u­als who tru­ly have ADHD as deter­mined by a com­pre­hen­sive eval­u­a­tion should score pos­i­tive for ADHD on the test .
If the test were 100 % sen­si­tive , every indi­vid­ual who has ADHD based on cur­rent diag­nos­tic cri­te­ria would score pos­i­tive on the test .
As the sen­si­tiv­i­ty of a test drops , the num­ber of “ false neg­a­tives ” — nor­mal test results in indi­vid­u­als who tru­ly have the dis­or­der increase and its util­i­ty goes down .
Sec­ond , indi­vid­u­als who do n’t have ADHD should nev­er score pos­i­tive on the test , i.e. , a pos­i­tive result should occur only for indi­vid­u­als with ADHD and no one else .
When a diag­nos­tic test has high speci­fici­ty , indi­vid­u­als with­out the con­di­tion rarely score pos­i­tive on the test .
When speci­fici­ty is low , many indi­vid­u­als with­out the con­di­tion will score pos­i­tive and may be incor­rect­ly diag­nosed as a result .
This is referred to as a “ false pos­i­tive ” .
Although many psy­cho­log­i­cal tests yield dif­fer­ent results , on aver­age , for indi­vid­u­als with and with­out ADHD , they are not sen­si­tive or spe­cif­ic enough to be par­tic­u­lar­ly use­ful when mak­ing indi­vid­ual diag­nos­tic deci­sions .
For exam­ple , a wide­ly used objec­tive test in ADHD eval­u­a­tions are Con­tin­u­ous Per­for­mance Tests ( CPTs ) .
These tests pro­vide a com­put­er­ized mea­sure of a child ’s abil­i­ty to sus­tain atten­tion and refrain from impul­sive respond­ing .
Although aver­age per­for­mance on CPTs for chil­dren with ADHD is below that of peers , and CPT data can be help­ful when thought­ful­ly inte­grat­ed with oth­er diag­nos­tic infor­ma­tion , these tests yields too many false pos­i­tives and false neg­a­tives to be use­ful as an “ objec­tive ” diag­nos­tic test for ADHD .
- Is there any­thing bet­ter ? -
Sev­er­al past issues of Atten­tion Research Update have reviewed Quan­ti­ta­tive EEG , i.e. , QEEG , as a diag­nos­tic aide for ADHD .
The use of QEEG is based on find­ings that indi­vid­u­als with ADHD have a dis­tinc­tive pat­tern of brain elec­tri­cal activ­i­ty that is often referred to as “ cor­ti­cal slow­ing ” ; this is char­ac­ter­ized by an ele­va­tion of low fre­quen­cy theta waves and a reduc­tion of high­er fre­quen­cy beta waves in the pre­frontal cor­tex .
Theta wave activ­i­ty is asso­ci­at­ed with an unfo­cused and inat­ten­tive state while beta activ­i­ty is asso­ci­at­ed with more focused atten­tion .
Thus , an ele­vat­ed theta / beta ratio reflects a less alert and more unfo­cused state .
In a QEEG test­ing , EEG data is col­lect­ed from a child or adult in a non-inva­sive pro­ce­dure that requires about 30 min­utes .
The EEG data is dig­i­tized and com­put­er scored so that an indi­vid­u­al ’s theta / beta ratio can be com­put­ed ; this ratio is then com­pared to what is typ­i­cal for indi­vid­u­als of sim­i­lar age .
When this ratio is suf­fi­cient­ly ele­vat­ed ratio — the cut - off typ­i­cal­ly used is 1.5 stan­dard devi­a­tions above aver­age which cor­re­sponds to the high­est 7 % of the pop­u­la­tion — the indi­vid­ual is con­sid­ered to have the EEG mark­er for ADHD .
In past stud­ies , rough­ly 90 % of indi­vid­u­als diag­nosed with ADHD based on a com­pre­hen­sive eval­u­a­tion test­ed pos­i­tive for this EEG mark­er .
In con­trast , about 95 % of nor­mal con­trols test­ed neg­a­tive .
Thus , while not a per­fect­ly reli­able indi­ca­tor , the sen­si­tiv­i­ty and speci­fici­ty of QEEG in iden­ti­fy­ing ADHD was extreme­ly strong .
You can review these stud­ies at www.helpforadd.com/2001/april.htm and www.helpforadd.com/yr2000/april.htm.
The impor­tant lim­i­ta­tion of this work was that QEEG was test­ed using indi­vid­u­als known to have ADHD and nor­mal con­trols with­out any dis­or­der .
Dif­fer­en­ti­at­ing between ADHD and no dis­or­der , how­ev­er , is not the sit­u­a­tion that clin­i­cians typ­i­cal­ly face .
Instead , a child is referred because of atten­tion and / or behav­ior prob­lems and the clin­i­cian must deter­mine whether these prob­lems reflect ADHD , are bet­ter explained by anoth­er dis­or­der , or do not rise to the lev­el where any diag­no­sis is appro­pri­ate .
Thus , for QEEG to be use­ful in ADHD eval­u­a­tions , it must also accu­rate­ly dis­tin­guish between ADHD and oth­er dis­or­ders .
One recent­ly pub­lished pre­lim­i­nary study indi­cat­ed promis­ing find­ings in this regard .
Twen­ty - six chil­dren and ado­les­cents referred to an out­pa­tient psy­chi­a­try clin­ic for atten­tion and behav­ior prob­lems received a thor­ough ADHD assess­ment con­duct­ed by a team of child psy­chi­a­trists .
They also received a QEEG eval­u­a­tion .
Six­teen of the 26 were deter­mined to meet DSM - IV cri­te­ria for ADHD by the psy­chi­atric team while 10 were diag­nosed with oth­er con­di­tions .
Of the 16 diag­nosed with ADHD , 15 showed the QEEG mark­er for ADHD ; in con­trast , none of the 10 diag­nosed with oth­er con­di­tions showed the QEEG mark­er .
Thus , the QEEG test per­formed extreme­ly well .
A com­pre­hen­sive review of this study can be found at www.helpforadd.com/2007/november.htm
While these results were encour­ag­ing , the sam­ple was small and from a sin­gle clin­i­cal site .
This rais­es impor­tant ques­tions about the gen­er­al­iz­abil­i­ty of the find­ings that need to be addressed in a study that incor­po­rates a larg­er sam­ple drawn from mul­ti­ple clin­i­cal sites .
Recent­ly , a study meet­ing these cri­te­ria was pub­lished ; I believe it is one of the most inter­est­ing and impor­tant stud­ies I have seen in sev­er­al years [ Sny­der et al. ( 2008 ) .
Blind­ed , mul­ti- cen­ter val­i­da­tion of EEG and rat­ing scales in iden­ti­fy­ing ADHD with­in a clin­i­cal sam­ple .
Psy­chi­a­try Research , 159 , 346–358 . ]
- Meth­ods -
Par­tic­i­pants — Par­tic­i­pants were 159 6 – 18 - year olds ( 101 males and 58 females ) tak­en by par­ents to 1 of 4 pedi­atric and psy­chi­atric clin­ics because of con­cerns relat­ed to atten­tion and behav­ior prob­lems .
One hun­dred and fif­teen were chil­dren ( 6 –11 years old ) and the remain­der were ado­les­cents .
There was a good rep­re­sen­ta­tion of African Amer­i­cans in the sam­ple ( 37 % ) .
Psy­chi­atric Exam —
At each site , chil­dren received a stan­dard­ized psy­chi­atric eval­u­a­tion that includ­ed a semi-struc­tured inter­view ( the KSADS - PL ) and mea­sures of func­tion­al impair­ment and dis­or­der sever­i­ty .
Both par­ents and children / adolescents were inter­viewed , the opti­mal pro­ce­dure for cov­er­ing both exter­nal­iz­ing and inter­nal­iz­ing dis­or­ders .
Oth­er clin­i­cal pro­ce­dures includ­ed tak­ing a med­ical his­to­ry , a devel­op­men­tal his­to­ry , and pro­vid­ing a phys­i­cal exam .
Using results of these inter­views and asso­ci­at­ed mea­sures , the clin­i­cal team per­formed a com­plete dif­fer­en­tial diag­no­sis for the pres­ence of ADHD , comor­bid con­di­tions , and oth­er childhood / adolescent dis­or­ders .
Diag­nos­tic deci­sions about ADHD fol­lowed a stan­dard pro­to­col to deter­mine whether strict DSM - IV diag­nos­tic cri­te­ria were met .
The team ’s deter­mi­na­tion about the pres­ence or absence of ADHD was con­sid­ered the “ gold stan­dard ” against which diag­nos­tic deci­sions based on the results from stan­dard­ized behav­ior rat­ing scales and QEEG were com­pared .
Rat­ing Scales — Par­ents and teacher com­plet­ed 2 behav­ior rat­ing scales that are wide­ly used in the assess­ment of ADHD — the Con­ners Rat­ing Scale and the ADHD - IV Rat­ing Scale .
Chil­dren were con­sid­ered to be pos­i­tive for ADHD if their scores on these scales exceed­ed the rec­om­mend­ed cut - off for iden­ti­fy­ing ADHD .
This enabled the researchers to deter­mine how well diag­nos­tic deci­sions derived fro rat­ing scales agreed with results from the com­pre­hen­sive psy­chi­atric exam .
QEEG — EEG data was col­lect­ed on each child using stan­dard col­lec­tion pro­ce­dures by trained EEG tech­ni­cians .
The theta / beta ratio com­put­ed for each child and com­pared to val­ues for age matched con­trols from a large nor­ma­tive data base .
Par­tic­i­pants whose theta / beta ratio was at 1.5 stan­dard devi­a­tions above the aver­age score , i.e. , rough­ly the top 7 % , were con­sid­ered to show the EEG mark­er for ADHD .
It is impor­tant to note that diag­nos­tic deci­sions from the psy­chi­atric eval­u­a­tion were made with­out the team hav­ing any access to rat­ing scale or QEEG data .
Thus , deci­sions made about the pres­ence or absence of ADHD from the psy­chi­atric eval­u­a­tion was not influ­enced in any way by knowl­edge of these oth­er results .
- Results -
The log­ic of this study is sim­ple and straight for­ward .
The authors treat­ed results of the psy­chi­atric exam as the “ gold stan­dard ” for deter­min­ing which of the 159 par­tic­i­pants met diag­nos­tic cri­te­ria for ADHD .
Then , they exam­ined how well results based on the behav­ior rat­ing scales and the EEG exam matched this stan­dard .
Nine­ty - sev­en of the 159 chil­dren and ado­les­cents ( 61 % ) were diag­nosed with ADHD by the psy­chi­atric eval­u­a­tion .
Six­ty - four of these chil­dren were diag­nosed with at least 1 oth­er dis­or­der , 35 had at least 2 addi­tion­al dis­or­ders , and 11 had at least 3 addi­tion­al dis­or­ders .
The most com­mon comor­bidi­ties were one of the dis­rup­tive behav­ior dis­or­ders ( Oppo­si­tion­al Defi­ant Dis­or­der or Con­duct Dis­or­der ) which occurred in 66 of the 97 , fol­lowed by an anx­i­ety dis­or­der ( 46 of 97 ) , learn­ing dis­or­der ( 33 of 97 ) , and mood dis­or­der ( 23 of 97 ) .
Of the 62 par­tic­i­pants not meet­ing cri­te­ria for ADHD , all but 8 were diag­nosed with one of these oth­er dis­or­ders while 8 had no diag­no­sis .
Over­all , there­fore , this was a diverse clin­i­cal sam­ple that includ­ed the full range of psy­chi­atric dif­fi­cul­ties that clin­i­cians are called on to address .
- How accu­rate were behav­ior rat­ing scales at iden­ti­fy­ing ADHD ? -
The behav­ior rat­ing scales did not per­form well .
The results were as fol­lows :
ADHD -IV Par­ent — 28 % false neg­a­tives , 67 % false pos­i­tives , 56 % over­all accu­ra­cy .
ADHD -IV Teacher — 62 % false neg­a­tives , 39 % false pos­i­tive , 47 % over­all accu­ra­cy .
ADHD -IV P&T com­bined — 45 % false neg­a­tives , 57 % false pos­i­tives , 50 % over­all accu­ra­cy .
Con­ners Par­ent — 22 % false neg­a­tives , 86 % false pos­i­tives , 55 % over­all accu­ra­cy .
Con­ners Teacher — 33 % false neg­a­tives , 59 % false pos­i­tives , 58 % over­all accu­ra­cy .
Con­ners P&T com­bined — 28 % false neg­a­tives , 81 % false pos­i­tives , 53 % com­bined .
As can be seen , the rate of false neg­a­tives ( chil­dren diag­nosed with ADHD based on the psy­chi­atric eval­u­a­tion that scored below the rec­om­mend­ed ADHD cut - off on the rat­ing scale ) ranged from 28 % for the par­ent ver­sion of the Con­ners Rat­ing Scales to 62 % for the teacher ver­sion of the ADHD - IV rat­ing scale .
False pos­i­tive rates ( chil­dren with­out ADHD based on the psy­chi­atric eval­u­a­tion who scored pos­i­tive for ADHD on the rat­ing scale ) ranged from 39 % to 86 % .
The extreme­ly high false pos­i­tive rate for the par­ent ver­sion of the Con­ners indi­cates that par­ents tend­ed to rate their child high on ADHD symp­toms even when ADHD was not judged to be present .
Over­all clas­si­fi­ca­tion accu­ra­cy — how often rat­ing scale results agreed with psy­chi­atric eval­u­a­tion results — was below 60 % for every scale .
Thus , the lev­el of agree­ment was not much bet­ter than chance .
- QEEG Accu­ra­cy -
The accu­ra­cy of QEEG as a diag­nos­tic test was much high­er — the false neg­a­tive rate was only 13 % and the false pos­i­tive rate was only 6 % ; this result­ed in an over­all accu­ra­cy rate of 89 % .
These fig­ures indi­cate the fol­low­ing :
- 87 % of chil­dren diag­nosed with ADHD by the psy­chi­atric eval­u­a­tion showed the EEG mark­er for the dis­or­der ;
- 94 % of chil­dren with­out ADHD screened neg­a­tive for the EEG mark­er ;
- If ADHD diag­no­sis was based strict­ly on the pres­ence or absence of the EEG mark­er , it would match deci­sions based on the psy­chi­atric eval­u­a­tion almost 90 % of the time .
Over­all , these results are far supe­ri­or to the clas­si­fi­ca­tion accu­ra­cy using rat­ing scales .
- Extend­ing the find­ings to dif­fer­ent sub­groups and comor­bidi­ties -
Because par­tic­i­pants rep­re­sent­ed a diverse clin­i­cal sam­ple , the researchers could test whether QEEG accu­ra­cy was sim­i­lar for chil­dren vs. ado­les­cents , whites vs. blacks , and males vs. females .
Across these dif­fer­ent demo­graph­ic groups , over­all accu­ra­cy rates ranged from 87 % to 95 % .
Thus , QEEG worked well with­in all demo­graph­ic groups .
The authors also exam­ined whether diag­nos­tic accu­ra­cy of the QEEG was con­sis­tent depend­ing on whether or not oth­er dis­or­ders were present .
When the psy­chi­atric eval­u­a­tion indi­cat­ed ADHD , the QEEG was equal­ly like­ly to be pos­i­tive regard­less of what oth­er psy­chi­atric con­di­tions were diag­nosed .
Sim­i­lar­ly , when ADHD was not diag­nosed , the like­li­hood that the QEEG mark­er was neg­a­tive did not depend on what oth­er con­di­tions were present .
Thus , the clas­si­fi­ca­tion accu­ra­cy of QEEG as a diag­nos­tic test for ADHD was not influ­enced by the pres­ence or absence of oth­er psy­chi­atric con­di­tions .
- Sum­ma­ry and Impli­ca­tions -
I believe these find­ings are very impor­tant .
One clear impli­ca­tion is that results from behav­ior rat­ing scales must be used cau­tious­ly in ADHD eval­u­a­tions .
Mak­ing diag­nos­tic deci­sions based on count­ing symp­toms and / or deter­min­ing whether a child ’s rat­ing scale results falls in a clin­i­cal­ly ele­vat­ed range for ADHD will lead to high rates of mis­di­ag­no­sis in com­par­i­son to what would emerge from a com­pre­hen­sive psy­chi­atric eval­u­a­tion .
In par­tic­u­lar , data from this study sug­gests that many chil­dren who do not tru­ly have ADHD would be erro­neous­ly diag­nosed with the dis­or­der .
I should empha­size that ADHD eval­u­a­tion guide­lines from the Amer­i­can Acad­e­my of Pedi­atrics and the Amer­i­can Acad­e­my of Child and Ado­les­cent Psy­chi­a­try clear­ly indi­cate that rat­ing scales should nev­er be used in iso­la­tion to diag­nose an indi­vid­ual with ADHD .
Thus , using rat­ing scales in this way is incon­sis­tent with best prac­tice guide­lines .
How­ev­er , giv­en the lim­it­ed time avail­able in many pri­ma­ry care set­tings to con­duct com­pre­hen­sive eval­u­a­tions , it would not be sur­pris­ing if rat­ing scale results are some­times giv­en greater empha­sis than is rec­om­mend­ed .
This is where QEEG results can be so help­ful .
In regards to match­ing ADHD diag­nos­tic deci­sions that result from a com­pre­hen­sive eval­u­a­tion , this test per­formed quite well — over­all accu­ra­cy rates were near­ly 90 % .
The false pos­i­tive rate of only 6 % means that few chil­dren and ado­les­cents for whom ADHD is ruled out by a com­pre­hen­sive psy­chi­atric exam would be diag­nosed if QEEG find­ings were used to make the deci­sion .
This is a strik­ing con­trast to false pos­i­tive rates that exceed­ed 80 % for some of the rat­ing scale mea­sures .
Although adjust­ing how rat­ing scale data is used to make deci­sions about ADHD might improve clas­si­fi­ca­tion accu­ra­cy some­what , it is dif­fi­cult to imag­ine that over­all accu­ra­cy rates would ever approach that found for QEEG .
It is impor­tant to under­score that despite the strong results found for QEEG , this tool is not a sub­sti­tute for a com­pre­hen­sive diag­nos­tic exam and should not be used as a stand alone test for ADHD .
One essen­tial rea­son for this is that diag­nos­tic eval­u­a­tions for ADHD should go beyond sim­ply decid­ing whether ADHD is present and gath­er oth­er infor­ma­tion that is crit­i­cal for devel­op­ing an opti­mal treat­ment plan .
While QEEG may help with the for­mer , it does not con­tribute to the lat­ter , beyond iden­ti­fy­ing indi­vid­u­als for whom med­ica­tion treat­ment would be an appro­pri­ate option to con­sid­er .
I have heard expe­ri­enced users of QEEG dis­cuss that oth­er data from the pro­ce­dure can be use­ful in more expan­sive treat­ment plan­ning , but I am not famil­iar with research that sup­ports this broad­er use .
Giv­en this lim­i­ta­tion , what val­ue would there be to rou­tine­ly incor­po­rat­ing QEEG into ADHD diag­nos­tic eval­u­a­tions .
Sev­er­al things come to mind includ­ing the fol­low­ing :
1 . In pri­ma­ry care set­tings where a com­pre­hen­sive psy­chi­atric exam can be dif­fi­cult to pro­vide , results from a 30 – 40 minute QEEG pro­ce­dure can iden­ti­fy with rea­son­ably high accu­ra­cy indi­vid­u­als for whom ADHD is like­ly to be an appro­pri­ate diag­no­sis .
2 . Because false pos­i­tive rates are so low , QEEG could reduce the num­ber of indi­vid­u­als who are per­haps inap­pro­pri­ate­ly treat­ed with ADHD med­ica­tion if physi­cians referred indi­vid­u­als with neg­a­tive results for fur­ther eval­u­a­tion .
3 . In cas­es where par­ents are reluc­tant to pur­sue treat­ment for their child because of con­cerns that objec­tive eval­u­a­tion pro­ce­dures were lack­ing , QEEG pro­vides an objec­tive bio­log­i­cal mark­er of ADHD that can increase par­ents ’ con­fi­dence in their child ’s eval­u­a­tion .
4 . For peo­ple who con­tin­ue to doubt that ADHD is an actu­al con­di­tion with impor­tant bio­log­i­cal under­pin­nings , these find­ings high­light that the vast major­i­ty of indi­vid­u­als meet­ing DSM - IV cri­te­ria for ADHD have a dis­tinc­tive pat­tern of brain EEG activ­i­ty .
Over­all , find­ings from this care­ful­ly con­duct­ed study make an impor­tant con­tri­bu­tion to doc­u­ment­ing the util­i­ty of QEEG as an objec­tive test to assist in the diag­no­sis of ADHD .
If this pro­ce­dure were to become more wide­ly used , these data sug­gest that the num­ber of chil­dren and ado­les­cents who are inap­pro­pri­ate­ly diag­nosed and treat­ed for the dis­or­der would dimin­ish sub­stan­tial­ly .
– Dr. David Rabin­er is a child clin­i­cal psy­chol­o­gist and Direc­tor of Under­grad­u­ate Stud­ies in the Depart­ment of Psy­chol­ogy and Neu­ro­science at Duke Uni­ver­sity .
He pub­lishes Atten­tion Research Update , an online newslet­ter that helps par­ents , pro­fes­sion­als , and edu­ca­tors keep up with the lat­est research on ADHD , and teach­es the online course How to Nav­i­gate Con­ven­tion­al and Com­ple­men­tary ADHD Treat­ments for Healthy Brain Devel­op­ment .
For relat­ed read­ing , you may enjoy :
India is in something of a state of shock after learning from official sources that its first Hindu terror cell may have carried out a series of deadly bombings that were initially blamed on militant Muslims .
The revelation is forcing the country to consider some difficult questions .
At least 10 people have been arrested in connection with several bomb blasts in the Muslim - dominated town of Malegaon in the western state of Maharashtra in September , which left six people dead .
But reports suggest that police believe the cell may also have carried out a number of previous attacks , including last year 's notorious bombing of a cross - border train en route to Pakistan , which killed 68 people .
Among the alleged members of the cell are a serving army officer and a Hindu monk .
Bomb attacks are not uncommon in India – there has been a flurry in recent months – but police usually blame them on Muslim extremists , often said to have links to militant groups based in either Pakistan or Bangladesh .
As a result , the recent cracking of the alleged Hindu cell has forced India to face some difficult issues .
A country that prides itself on purported religious and cultural toleration – an ambition that in reality often falls short – has been made to ask itself how this cell could operate for so long .
India 's military , which prides itself on its professionalism , has been forced to order an embarrassing inquiry .
The near - daily drip of revelations from police has also caused red faces for India 's main political opposition , the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , ahead of state polls and a general election scheduled for early next year .
The BJP and its prime ministerial candidate , Lal Krishna Advani , have long accused the Congress Party - led government of being soft on terrorism that involved Muslims .
However , the BJP has refused to call for a clampdown on Hindu groups , and last week Mr Advani even criticised the police over the way they questioned one of the alleged cell members , a woman called Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur .
The Prime Minister , Manmohan Singh , phoned his rival to ask him not to politicise the issue or the investigation .
" There is a strong case so let the police do their job , " he told Mr Advani .
While some commentators have expressed surprise about the discovery of the alleged cell , others have pointed out that there has been growing concern about the possible threat from Hindu extremists .
In the summer , two members of a right - wing Hindu group were killed while putting together a bomb , and two other suspected members of the same group died in similar circumstances in 2006 .
Meanwhile , senior right - wing leaders have made no secret of their wish that Hindus should form suicide squads to protect themselves against Muslim extremists .
Bal Thackeray , leader of a group called the Shiv Sena , which has been responsible for communal and regional violence in Mumbai , wrote recently in the party 's magazine : " The threat of Islamic terror in India is rising .
It is time to counter the same with Hindu terror .
Hindu suicide squads should be readied to ensure the existence of Hindu society and to protect the nation . "
Observers say the fact that the police have arrested the alleged cell members amid considerable political pressure suggests the growing professionalism of its security forces .
" It 's the first Hindu cell and it's the first time Hindus have been shackled and taken to jail , " said Professor Dipankar Gupta , a sociologist at Delhi's Jawarlahal Nehru University .
" I 'm quite pleased with the way the police have done their jobs . "
Belfast Telegraph
Children - particularly from Vietnam and China - are being trafficked to the UK to work as slaves in illegal cannabis farms .
These ' farms ' , run by organised crime gangs , are often situated in suburban houses .
The children , generally aged between 14 and 16 , are smuggled into the country before being locked in the houses to water cannabis plants .
They have been found sleeping in cupboards or attics to make more space for plants , and are at constant risk of fire or electrocution due to illegal rewiring of electricity supplies .
Rather than being treated as victims , these children frequently suffer a second ordeal upon discovery by the authorities .
A 2007 Home Office report on child trafficking describes how at least four Vietnamese children of the twenty two in the dataset were not identified as victims of trafficking and were arrested for cannabis cultivation .
“ If a child is identified in a cannabis factory , then are are in a situation of harm , and are probably being controlled by adults , ” says Christine Beddoe , director of the charity End Child Prostitution , Child Pornography and the Trafficking of Children for Sexual Purposes ( ECPAT ) .
“ Decision making on their treatment should flow from that .
Instead , children are seen as criminals . ”
An all - party parliamentary group on human trafficking last year established guidelines for the Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) on child trafficking in order to avoid such miscarriages of justice .
However , the evidence of numerous court cases since then show a reluctance to put this into action .
Twelve trafficked Vietnamese immigrants were tried in a single case last year for conspiracy to produce cannabis , including a 14 year old girl .
A 17 year old girl in a separate case will be deported as a foreign criminal at 18 .
ECPAT frequently provide expert witnesses for court cases , securing the release of a child earlier this year after the CPS admitted that the conviction was not in the public interest .
Such victories are a tough fight : this appeal alone took five months of legal wrangling by a specialist team .
The cases continue , despite a landmark ruling in July 2007 , when Judge Christopher Mitchell refused to sentence two young Vietnamese men , aged 16 and 20 , saying that they were victims of “ modern slavery ” after reading about cannabis farms in a newspaper .
“ There is a gap between the mechanism of protection provided by the CPS guidelines and the reality on the ground , where there is no clear policy or practice guidelines for police to follow , ” says Beddoe .
“ The police and the CPS say that these children are not trafficked , not because there is proof that they are not , but because they have n't investigated the possibility . ”
Although these children were identified as a risk group over a year ago , Home Office Minister Alan Campbell admits that “ No central records are kept on juvenile offenders who may have been victims of trafficking .
It is not therefore possible to give a reliable figure . ”
Independent research and uncollated data suggests that the problem is on a huge scale .
The charity DrugScope found that in London alone 1500 cannabis farms were raided from 2005 – 7 , and that approximately two thirds of these were run by Vietnamese criminal gangs .
When farms are raided , police arrest the only people there – the so - called ' gardeners ' , typically trafficked adults or children .
“ Young people who have been trafficked and are found tending cannabis farms should be treated as victims , not criminals , ” said Harry Shapiro , director of communications at DrugScope .
“ They work in cramped , dangerous conditions and should be given support and protection , not imprisonment . ”
Tragically , these children can all too easily slip through the net , a lack of co-ordination meaning that they bypass government provisions for lone asylum - seeking children .
Local authorities and children 's services will deal with the child as a young offender , guilty of cannabis cultivation or of carrying false documents , despite the fact that the UN's Palermo Protocol states that a child cannot consent to his or her own exploitation .
Being instantly criminalised means that they are not referred to specialist trafficking units and are left with virtually no ability to claim asylum or protection .
Independent charities and pressure groups , providing much needed research and support to victims and the authorities , are calling for the creation of a Human Traffic Rapporteur , to provide clear information and act as a watchdog for the implementation of laws .
This is considered international good practice by the UN , and a successful model is in place in the Netherlands .
The deadline for ratifying the Council of Europe Convention on Action against the Trafficking in Human Beings is approaching .
It requires member states to regularly gather and analyse information on human trafficking , and includes measures for victims to claim asylum .
However , no concrete policy plans have been made as to its implementation in the UK , and it was announced last week that the Met 's specialised police unit will close in April .
The child victims of the cannabis trade may have a long wait before they gain automatic protection .
The NUS School of Computing ( SoC ) blog brings together the collective knowledge and experience from the SoC community and puts these ideas up for sharing and discussion .
It seeks to serve the population as an informal avenue of free flowing ideas , entertainment and inspiration .
2:20 pm
Childrens Defense Fund
Children ’s Defense Fund Action Council Joins Steering Committee of Health Care for America Now
2:17 pm
Institute for Public Accuracy ( IPA )
Top UN Official : Apartheid by Israel
2:00 pm
Human Rights Watch ( HRW )
Sudan : Human Rights Activists Arrested
12:33 pm
The Real News Network
Bailout Costs $ 8.5 Trillion
7:10 am
Council for a Livable World ( CLW )
Anti-Iraq War Group Comes Out in Support of US - Iraq Security Agreement
Introduction
The Ubuntu team is happy to bring you the latest and greatest software the open source community has to offer .
This is their latest result : Ubuntu 8.10 .
Upgrading from Ubuntu 8.04 LTS
If you are upgrading from Ubuntu 8.04 LTS , we have easy - to - follow upgrade instructions .
New Features since Ubuntu 8.04 LTS
GNOME 2.24
Ubuntu brings you the newest GNOME 2.24 desktop environment with tons of bug - fixes and new features , some of which include :
Nautilus file manager has tab support ( by Christian Neumair ) and Eject icons for removable drives in Places sidebar ( by Stefano Teso , Cosimo Cecchi , Christian Neumair , and others ) .
File Roller archive manager now supports ALZ , RZIP , CAB , TAR.7Z file types also ( by Paolo Bacchilega and Changwoo Ryu ) .
X.Org 7.4
X. Org 7.4 , the latest stable version of X. Org , is available in Intrepid .
This release brings much better support for hot - pluggable input devices such as tablets , keyboards , and mice .
At the same time this will allow the great majority of users to run without a /etc/X11/xorg.conf file .
A new failsafe X is introduced , to give better tools for troubleshooting X startup failures .
Two of the older nvidia binary drivers are not available for X.
Org 7.4 yet , so users of these drivers will be automatically switched to the corresponding open source drivers .
Linux kernel 2.6.27
Ubuntu 8.10 includes Linux kernel 2.6.27 , a significant release with better hardware support and numerous bug - fixes .
Encrypted private directory
The ecryptfs - utils package was recently promoted to Ubuntu main , with support for a secret encrypted folder in your Home Folder ( by Michael Halcrow , Dustin Kirkland , and Daniel Baumann ) .
You can help test this new feature by going to Applications → Accessories → Terminal and typing :
sudo aptitude install ecryptfs - utils
ecryptfs - setup - private
Guest session
The User Switcher panel applet ( package fast - user - switch - applet ) now provides an extra entry for starting a Guest session ( by Martin Pitt ) .
This creates a temporary password - less user account with restricted privileges : the account cannot access any users ' home directories , nor permanently store data .
This is sufficiently safe to lend your laptop to someone else for a quick email check .
Network Manager 0.7
Ubuntu 8.10 includes Network Manager 0.7 ( by Dan Williams and others ) , with long - awaited features such as :
system - wide settings ( no need to log in to get a connection )
management of 3G connections ( GSM / CDMA )
management of multiple active devices at once
management of PPP and PPPOE connections
management of devices with static IP configurations
route management for devices
More information can be found on the Network Manager wiki .
DKMS
DKMS ( by Dell ) is included in Ubuntu 8.10 , allowing kernel drivers to be automatically rebuilt when new kernels are released .
This makes it possible for kernel package updates to be made available immediately without waiting for rebuilds of driver packages , and without third - party driver packages becoming out of date when installing these kernel updates .
Samba 3.2
A lot of new features have been added in Samba 3.2 , including :
clustered file server support
encrypted network transport
IPv6
better integration with current Microsoft Windows ™ clients and servers .
PAM authentication framework
Ubuntu 8.10 features a new pam - auth - update tool , which allows simple management of PAM authentication configuration for both desktops and servers ( by Steve Langasek ) .
Packages providing PAM modules will be configured automatically , and users can adjust their authentication preferences by running sudo pam - auth - update .
More information can be found in the Ubuntu wiki .
Totem BBC plugin
Ubuntu 8.10 features a new plugin for the Totem movie player that fetches free digital content from the BBC .
To enable it , start Totem ( Applications -> Sound & Video -> Movie Player ) , enable the plugin ( Edit -> Plugins -> BBC content viewer ) and select " BBC " from the drop - down labelled " Playlist " .
Thanks to the BBC and Collabora for their work developing this feature .
Server Virtualization
python-vm - builder
This is a complete rewrite of ubuntu- vm - builder featuring a better template system , a plugin architecture allowing support for other distributions , front - ends and additional functionalities such as post install task ( - - exec , -- copy ) or first boot ( -- first- boot , -- first - login ) .
It provides a compatibility mode with the previous command - line syntax and adds better reporting .
Python - vm - builder allows you to create a new virtual machine in a few minutes without going through the interactive installation process .
It can be very useful for developers , software vendors or system administrators .
A tutorial is available at https://help.ubuntu.com/community/JeOSVMBuilder
Ubuntu as a Xen guest
Using Ubuntu as a Xen guest is now a supported option included in the standard server kernel and is a choice when building virtual machines with python - vm - builder .
JeOS is now an option in the server installer
In an effort to simplify our build process and avoid confusion when trying to install JeOS on real hardware , JeOS is no longer provided as a separate ISO .
Instead , it is an option that is activated on the server installer by pressing F4 on the first screen and selecting the " Install a minimal virtual machine " option .
Notable inclusion in the main repository
The following packages have been included in the main repository and are now supported options that can be of particular interest for server administrators :
Sun 's Java OpenJDK
1.6 - an open source implementation of the Java development kit
Apache 's Tomcat 6 - A Java servlet container
ClamAV - a virus detection engine that can be coupled to mail servers
Spam Assassin -
A spam detection engine that can be coupled to mail servers
Boot degraded raid setting
Traditionally , booting an Ubuntu installation with the root filesystem on a degraded RAID drops the system into a busybox prompt in the initramfs .
This is the safest choice as it will prevent any further possible harm to data and let administrator pick what to do , but was causing issues with server hosted in remote locations .
A system administrator can now statically configure their machines to continue on booting even if a disk is bad in the array by issuing the following command :
echo " BOOT_DEGRADED=true " | sudo tee -a /etc/initramfs-tools/conf.d/mdadm
Additionally , this can be specified on the kernel boot line with the bootdegraded =[ true|false ] parameter .
Service command now supported
Fedora or Red-Hat administrators will now feel a bit more comfortable using Ubuntu as the service command they had been using to manage daemons is now standard on Ubuntu .
In addition to the traditional sudo / etc / init.d/< service > [ start|stop|restart ] way of managing a process , it is now also possible to use sudo service < service > [ start|stop|restart ] .
In addition , numerous standard services now support the status option so that , e.g. , sudo service postfix status will now report if the service is running or not .
OpenLDAP using '' cn=config ' '
The default installation of the OpenLDAP server now uses the cn=config extension , which allows automatic synchronization between LDAP replicas of configuration changes made .
Service - aware Uncomplicated Firewall ( ufw )
Common services now inform ufw of the ports that are recommended for their proper enabling , so the administrator can open them in a single simple command ufw allow < service > .
Compiler security - hardening features by default
The gcc compiler now defaults to enabling several security hardening features and warnings .
This stops many undiscovered security vulnerabilities , rendering them unexploitable .
Network services compiled as position - independent executables
To take advantage of the kernel 's ability to randomize the in -memory location of executables , many network services were compiled as position - independent executables ( PIE ) , including : apache2 , bind9 , openldap , postfix , cups , openssh , postgresql - 8.3 , samba , dovecot , dhcp3 .
This makes certain kinds of security vulnerabilities even harder to exploit .
Known Issues
For a full list of errata for Ubuntu 8.10 , please see the Ubuntu 8.10 release notes .
The members of SLAYER spent a couple of weeks in a Southern California recording studio earlier this month , recording three new songs for a brand new album expected out summer 2009 .
If you log onto Spin.com you 'll be able to see a clip of the guys recording one of the brand new songs , ' Psychopothy Red ' , a Jeff Hanneman - penned track that gives a chilling look into the twisted mind of Andrei Chikatilo , a notorious Russian serial killer - click below to view the clip .
Slayer headlines the European Unholy Alliance Tour which kicks off this Monday , October 27 in Manchester , England , and wraps in Helsinki , Finland on November 27 .
The band plans to return to the studio early next year to finish recording the new album .
This article was written by Ruchir Chawdhry .
PS : Mac users can check out 14 Essential Mac OS X Applications for Bloggers that Darren wrote a while ago .
1. Mozilla Firefox
Mozilla Firefox is the king of all browsers .
Limitlessly extendable , fast , and lightweight .
If you ’re still using any other browser ( even Google Chrome ) , then switch to Firefox immediately , it ’ll boost your productivity – guaranteed .
There are many Firefox plugins , these two posts give the essential ones for bloggers :
2. MemoKeys
Stop wasting time typing the same thing repeatedly .
MemoKeys saves you time by letting you call up commonly used text with keystroke combos .
This is very handy is you get a lot of email , comment on blogs a lot , or have a default email / comment template .
3. Microsoft Office 2007
All you Microsoft haters might say otherwise , but you need Power Point , Excel , and Word if you want to make it big as a blogger .
Office 2007 is easy to use and has beautiful default templates .
If you do n’t want to pony up for Office 07 then the open - source OpenOffice is a nice alternative .
4. SnagIt
SnagIt is the best screen - capturing program out there .
Using SnagIt , you can take screenshots of menus , windows , specific regions , and more .
The more - than - capable editing program that comes with SnagIt is also a godsend for productivity seekers and Photoshop phobics like me .
5. WordWeb
WordWeb is a free powerful dictionary and thesaurus program .
It ’s mainly an offline dictionary tool with about 150,000 words in its database , although it also allows you to look into online reference sites such as Wikipedia .
WordWeb ’s a feature rich dictionary & thesaurus tool and a must have for bloggers who write their own content.
digsby - logo
6. Digsby
Digsby is an all - in - one IM / social networking client .
It supports most of the IM protocols out there , like Yahoo ! , MSN , ICQ , and AIM .
It even supports Facebook chat !
It features tabbed conversation window , allows you to manage your email , and stay up - to - date with everything that ’s happening on your Facebook , Twitter , MySpace , and Linked In accounts .
As its makers say : Digsby = IM + Email + Social Networking .
7. Link Popularity Check
Link Popularity
Check checks how many links you have according to Google , Yahoo ! , MSN and a bunch of others .
8. RoboForm
RoboForm is the tool to have for bloggers .
It cuts out the time you spend filling various forms online , it remembers all your passwords , and it even features a random password generator for the security freaks among us .
The price ?
Only $ 29.95 .
Use the discount code GOOG1 to get $ 6 off .
I ’ve yet to come across another app that is better or on the same level as RoboForm .
If you do n’t have it , you do n’t value your time.rss - bandit
9. RSS Bandit
RSS Bandit is a desktop RSS reader that syncs directly with Google Reader .
The best feature is has is that it allows you to download your feeds ( including images ) for you to view offline .
Very useful for travelers and those who hate web based RSS readers .
10 . Camtasia Studio
Camtasia Studio is the ultimate screen - recording program for PCs .
With the latest version , you can create HD quality professional - looking videos .
It can produce your videos in many formats such as iPod , Flash , Quick Time , Windows Media , AVI etc .
11 . Windows Live Writer
A full - featured desktop blogging application , Writer allows you to add images , videos , maps , tables , and much more .
Overall , it ’s a much better alternative to your blogging software ’s inbuilt editor .
12 . AdesClrPicker
This little known color picker has recently gone free .
It ’s fast to load , easy - to-use , and captures colors in HTML , RGB , C++ , VB , and Delphi color codes .
You can capture color codes anywhere on the screen .
What more could you want ?
13 . Yahoo !
Widgets
Yahoo !
Widgets adds small widget apps to your desktop .
Aside from being glitzy , it can be useful if you choose the right widgets .
Here are a few widgets that bloggers should get :
Day Planner – Calendar – A very useful to - do and day planning widget that also has a calendar
– A very useful to - do and day planning widget that also has a calendar Simple Notepad – Useful for quick note - taking without having Notepad always open
– Useful for quick note - taking without having Notepad always open My MemoPad – Useful sticky - note widget .
I actually use it to display my goals .
14 . Twhirl
Of course , how could I forget Twirl ?
A must - have app for twitterers to twitter their tweets .
15 . PeaZip
PeaZip is a beautiful but fast archiving utility that supports most of the compression formats out there .
It ’s recommended for bloggers who download and sample a lot of files .
Alternatives are WinRAR and 7 Zip .
16 . The Journal
Keeping a diary / journaling can help you improve as a blogger .
Now , not many of us are so keen on opening a notebook every now and then to write in , so if you ’re such a person then The Journal is for you .
It supports separate volumes , inserting images , tables and the like , and you can even password - protect your diary .
For more on why you should keep a blog diary , check out Darren ’s post :
What Do You Use ?
I ’m sure that I ’m just scratching the surface here .
I ’d love to hear from other PC using bloggers – what applications are you using ?
You can catch Ruchir Chawdhry at TechVivo where he blogs about gadgets , software , online tools , windows tips & tricks etc that you can use to become more productive & better your life .
Click here to subscribe to TechVivo .
If you do n’t like the music on the radio , start a band .
If you do n’t like the way existing publications are defining your profession , start a magazine .
Article Continues Below
A List Apart has n’t always been a magazine , but it has always been an attempt to fill a gap in the web design and development conversation .
Why A List?#section2
We started as a mailing list ( kids , ask your parents ) .
Most mailing lists are live and unedited : Michele posts a note and the whole list instantly receives it ;
Tom comments on Michele ’s note and the whole list instantly receives that .
The trouble with such setups is that flame wars can flare up while the moderator is off brushing her teeth .
( The glorious exception , now in its eleventh great year , is Steven Champeon ’s wonderful Webdesign - l. )
Issue No. 129 , 7 December 2001
Brian Platz and I designed the A List Apart mailing list differently .
Platz and I took turns moderating .
Each day , members submitted posts to us .
In the afternoon , that day ’s moderator would read all submitted posts , detect emerging themes and contrasts , and combine the best submissions into an edited e-mail magazine that was sent to all subscribers that night .
In this way , we were able to combine the insights and vigor of a community - written publication with the crisp focus ( and freedom from flames ) of an edited magazine .
Within a month , our mailing list had 16,000 subscribers .
Within six months , we were blissfully exhausted — and broke .
A web magazine was the natural next step .
Look back in orange #section3
Why a magazine ?
Because we did n’t hear the music we wanted on the radio .
Hotwired ’s Webmonkey and David Siegel ’s High Five were , respectively , the reigning commercial web development and design magazines .
Both were excellent , but neither focused on the needs of the hybrid designer who cares about content as well as code , usability as well as design .
I was a hybrid .
Our mailing list ’s readers were hybrids .
The future of web design lay with hybrids , I thought .
The magazine ’s longevity and success would prove that theory .
Issue No. 36 , 8 October 1999
A List Apart , the magazine “ for people who make websites , ” launched in late 1998 and immediately staked out the high ground thanks to wonderful writers like Lance Arthur , Steven Champeon , Joe Clark , Glenn Davis , Christopher Schmitt , and Jeff Veen , who contributed to our earliest issues .
The likes of John Allsopp , Dean Allen , Curt Cloninger , J. David Eisenberg , and Erika Meyer followed , with Douglas Bowman , Dan Cederholm , Aaron Gustafson , and Eric Meyer succeeding them .
From Issue 1 ( curiously labeled Issue 1.01 because I thought it sounded more “ digital ” or wired or something ) to the present , ALA has been a place where great writers are discovered and where great thinkers share their most important ideas .
Today ’s ALA author is tomorrow ’s important book author and conference speaker .
Behold !
The road we traveled #section4
Talent is grand , but focused talent is grander .
For most of our first decade , ALA has been the leading journal of standards - based design , introducing foundational concepts and advanced techniques that were initially mocked , feared , and hated , but are now part of every good web designer ’s repertoire .
We ’ve also worked to advance our profession and help the world understand it .
And we launched a conference .
See ALA producer Erin Lynch ’s The ALA Primer : A Guide for New Readers for more historic highlights that still hold up ; browse Topics to learn what else we ’ve been up to these past ten years ; and for dessert , visit zeldman.com to read about how A List Apart is changing .
The music of a tired plumber #section5
Otto Leuning is a father of electronic music .
Usability Experts are from Mars , Graphic Designers are from Venus
A reporter once asked Luening to respond to the then - futuristic notion that “ A tired plumber , after a hard day ’s work , will settle down with his computer to compose music . ”
Leuning said , “ Yes , but it will be the music of a tired plumber . ”
As with electronica , so with the web .
Good web content takes talent and process .
Some among us believe that “ content is free ” because “ the users can now create the content . ”
These people fail to realize that the web ’s “ users ” have always been able to create content .
More importantly , they miss the distinction between stuff and content .
Unmediated content is stuff .
It does not create the same value and cannot offer the same experience as great content , well edited .
Much Ado About 5K
Here is where I thank Erin Kissane , our editor for eight years ( and now a contributing editor ) and Krista Stevens , Erin ’s most worthy successor ( and before that , acquisitions editor , a role now ably helmed by the talented Carolyn Wood ) .
Our editors can polish rusted flea market finds into genie - spouting magic lamps .
When the writing is good ( which it almost always is ) , they make it even better .
The gauntlet #section6
We receive many technical articles .
Those that pass muster with the editorial team go before technical editors Aaron Gustafson , Eric Meyer , Ethan Marcotte , Daniel Mall , and Andrew Kirkpatrick .
Even their names are scary , if you ’re the author of a technical article .
Our technical reviewers make the judges on Project Runway look like fawning pollyannas .
Every article is submitted to the following four - part test :
Big problems ( reasons to reject the article ) Small problems ( probably fixable , but should be definitely nailed before acceptance )
Stylistic quibbles or differences of opinion that the author might or might not need to rethink before writing Unacknowledged debts to prior art or other troubling similarities
Fear of Style Sheets
As you ’ve rightly guessed , most articles get rejected , but the great ones make it through — and that ’s the point .
When the technical revisions finally cease , editorial kicks back in .
Erin Lynch and Andrew Fernandez do whatever it takes to deliver the article to your screen , with every kooky code demo and last - minute editorial nit - pick intact .
Jason Santa Maria , who redesigned the magazine in 2005 , art - directs every issue , and Kevin Cornell illustrates .
These people are magnificent , and they work their hearts out .
Without you , we ’re nothing #section7
Here is where I thank the brilliant people who built our publishing systems before finding fortune ( not from us ) .
Glenn Davis ’s Project Cool hosted the site back when it was a mess of hand - coded HTML ( mine ) , installing ALA as a founding partner in what may have been the first network for web designers .
High Five , edited by Christopher Schmitt , was a partner as well .
We rocked the 1990s .
Bruce Livingstone ’s Webcore Labs built the first ALA CMS and also hosted the site after Glenn sold Project Cool .
Soon afterwards , Bruce sold iStockphoto .
Bling bling !
Brian
Alvey built and hosted ALA 3 .0 before going on to build and sell Weblogs , Inc. Mazel tov !
Dan Benjamin ( also an important ALA author ) built ALA 4 .0 , one of the first Ruby on Rails applications , and later sold Cork’d .
Cheers !
Coping with the dot - com melt - down
These people were and are terrific .
Without them , we would n’t be celebrating ten years of ALA .
Check the About page ’s middle column to learn about important contributions over the years by Nick Finck , Webchick , Waferbaby , Todd Fahrner , Tantek Çelik , Tanya Rabourn , Fred Gates , Kylie Gusset , Kirk Franklin , David Whalen , Henry Li , Russell Heimlich , Damon Clinkscales , David F. Miller , and the amazing J. David Eisenberg .
Our first ten years were about finding a voice , an audience , and a cause worth fighting for .
Please join us for what comes next .
Nothing says forever like a misspelled tattoo
Possibly the most famous misspelled tattoo .
Instead of Chi-Town as the man requested , he got “ Chi- Tonw ” .
He later sued the tattoo artist .
Does he means the spelling system ?
You ’re ambelievable !
Tomarrow never knows how to spell tomorrow right
Can you spot the three misspellings ?
ANSWER : freinds , straind , surley
CNN reported that Joseph Beahm paid $ 100 for this tattoo , which was supposed to read “ Why Not , Everyone Else Does ” .
Instead it came out as , “ Why Not , Everyone Elese Does .
” He sued the tattoo parlor to pay for his laser surgery .
Do n’t know if this is Comedy or …
Tradgey
To bad you do n’t own a dictionary
Your alive ?
No , sir , that ’s my alive .
Give it back !
TOKYO --
When Mayumi Yamamoto goes out for coffee or window shopping , she likes to look as though she 's going to a formal garden party .
One day recently , she was decked out in a frilly , rose - patterned dress , matching pink heels with a ribbon and a huge pink bow atop her long hair , dyed brown and in pre-Raphaelite curls .
Ms. Yamamoto is a hime gyaru , or princess girl , a growing new tribe of Japanese women who aim to look like sugarcoated , 21st - century versions of old - style European royalty .
They idolize Marie Antoinette and ...
Great and Wonderful Monday Morning Folks ,
Gold is trading down $ 6.30 with the price at $ 1,860 , right smack in the middle of the range between $ 1,869.10 and $ 1,851.10 .
Silver is flat to lower with the last trade at $ 23.02 , down 7.3 cents after the dip down to $ 22.61 with the high to beat at $ 23.19 .
The US Dollar is not as flat as the metals with its value losing 42.2 points with the calculated value at 94.25 , one point off the low with the high at 94.67 .
Of course , all this happened before 5 am pst , the Comex open , the London close , and after Project Veritas , a real news service , totally exposes the frauds that are called Ilhan Omar and her connection to a “ car full ” of already filled out – absentee ballots .
Gold in Venezuela now has an 18,576.75
Bolivar price attached to it showing a 12.98 pullback from Friday ’s price with Silver now at 229.912 providing the holder a 1.797 Bolivar gain .
In Argentina , Gold ’s value is now at 140,933.73 A - Peso ’s providing the holder a gain of 195.53 with Silver now at 1,744.24 , already giving Friday ’s buyer a 16.47 A - Peso profit .
Turkey ’s Lira popped in a gain of 306.76 for the Friday buyer with the price for Gold now at 14,496.99 T - Lira ’s with Silver ’s last trade at 179.504 T - Lira , a gain of 5.341 .
September Silver ’s last day of delivery now has a Demand Count of 12 fully paid for 5,000 - ounce contracts waiting for delivery with a Volume of 41 already up on the board with a trading range between $ 22.74 and $ 22.695 with the last swap at the low , down 32.2 cents .
That ’s only an addition of 205,000 ounces of the real stuff , Hello Mr. Resolute !
Friday ’s delivery activity happened in between $ 22.98 and $ 22.73 with the last swap at the high , that also had a Volume of 21 , which in turn , reduced the delivery demands by the same quantity ( FIFO ? ) , with that Calculated Close at $ 23.07 , where no trade was made .
Silver ’s Overall Open Interest continues to wane with the count now at 153,396 short contracts , that go against the physicals , proving a reduction of 1,611 Overnighters since Friday mornings tally .
This morning ’s September Delivery Demands in Gold , now has a total of 48 fully paid for 100 - ounce contracts waiting for receipts , with a Volume of 19 already up on the board , yet with no trading range or price .
Friday ’s delivery activity happened with one price , at $ 1,856.30 , and still a CCC had to be applied at $ 1,857.70 , giving the noble metal a loss of $ 10.60 and only because of the papers , also reducing the delivery count by 180 contracts that might have gotten their receipts between here and London .
Gold ’s Overall Open Interest now has a total of 559,438 Overnighters , showing the continuing paper reduction with today ’s early morning count taking away 2,479 short contracts that go against the physicals .
Friday evening , after all the markets closed , the DOJ reported that two former Deutsche Bank traders were convicted of engaging in deceptive and manipulative trading practices in our U.S. Commodities Markets .
Towards the end of the article , it claims that “ Individuals who believe that they may be a victim in this case should visit the Fraud Section ’s Victim Witness website for more information ” .
If one is crazy enough to trade the markets , they may consider adding their names to the list .
There may never be a return from these organized thefts from all the banks , but at the very least , it may provide a number of people and entities that were robbed daily by the central banks and friends , with their practices , helping to prove how bad the system really is , when the convicted NEVER have to give back money to those they stole from , and how the CFTC takes what it needs via their penalties , and allows the thieves , under their watch , to thrive .
The first 2020 presidential debate will be held tomorrow , at 5:00 pm pst with Trump asking for a Pre and Post Debate – drug test for himself and sleepy Joe .
Now that we have several , factual , and “ live ” , evidence of ballot harvesting , I expect another category to be brought up during the debates .
I really do believe the debates are absolutely necessary for both sides , and fun to watch , seriously .
After all , it ’s “ Politics American Style ” !
I also think there should be an open forum , not just a list of topics .
The best part will be those witty comebacks , that add so much to it all .
So smile , and hang on tight to the physicals , while we make it thru the last delivery day of September , the presidential debates , and the end of the 2020 fiscal year .
What can go wrong , if one holds physical Silver and Gold ?
As always …
Stay Strong !
Jeremiah Johnson
JeremiahJohnson@cableone.net
More J.Johnson content is available with purchase of a JSMineset subscription .
PHOENIX , Nov 5 ( Reuters ) - Republican John McCain lost Tuesday 's presidential election because he could not overcome a hostile economic environment , distance himself from an unpopular president or convince voters he could lead them out of the crisis .
As the blame game game , analysts also said McCain 's choice of inexperienced Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin as his vice presidential running mate raised doubts about his judgment .
It ultimately may have alienated more voters than it attracted .
McCain 's attempts to portray Barack Obama as a tax - raising socialist with friends who were terrorists drove away moderate voters , who handed the Democrat a decisive victory on Tuesday .
An extremely unpopular Republican president coupled with a sputtering economy made for a tough political climate for McCain .
Even if he had run a perfect campaign , it may not have been enough this year .
After eight years of Republican White House rule , the party had turned off racial minorities , young voters and more educated voters .
The final blow was the large - scale defection of working class whites devastated by the economic crisis .
But the Arizona senator 's response fell flat .
He did not distance himself early or forcefully enough from President George W. Bush , party strategists said , and his lack of a coherent economic message loomed large as the issue trumped the Iraq war in voters ' minds .
In a gracious concession speech late on Tuesday , the former Vietnam prisoner of war reflected on his campaign and took responsibility for its failures .
" I do n't know what more we could have done to try to win this election , " he told supporters at a somber post-election rally in Arizona .
" We fought as hard as we could .
And though we fell short , the failure is mine , not yours . "
Republican strategist John Feehery said McCain 's association with Bush was a key stumbling block that could have been addressed more decisively .
" He did not break from Bush early on and he should have , " Feehery said .
" He hired a lot of Bush advisers and they were just as loyal to Bush as they were to McCain . "
McCain add a line to his campaign speech in mid-October saying " I 'm not George Bush " but it was too late .
The financial crisis that erupted in September was a turning point , reversing McCain 's temporary lead in the polls .
He never recovered .
" The economic meltdown restructured the entire race and made it difficult for McCain to compete for those undecided independent voters , " said Republican strategist Scott Reed .
McCain 's decision to suspend his campaign and return to Washington to broker a Wall Street bailout deal turned out to be a " strategic and tactical mistake , " he said .
McCain asked for the first presidential debate to be postponed , but Obama calmly responded that the candidates could focus on more than one thing at a time -- forcing McCain to climb down .
When the debate took place , Obama won .
TOUGH CLIMATE , ECONOMIC GAFFES
McCain wounded himself with other economic gaffes .
He said the fundamentals of the U.S. economy were strong and then tried to paint the mistake as a defense of the American worker .
He championed himself as someone who largely opposed regulation in the financial industry but reversed course when banks started failing and the Wall Street crisis spread .
The financial crisis also put McCain's " maverick " image into a harsher light .
Voters viewed Obama 's response to the crisis as cool and McCain 's as unsteady .
Aides said the economic and political conditions in the country severely hampered their candidate 's electoral chances .
" It is highly doubtful that anyone will ever have to run in a worse political climate than the one John McCain had to run in this year , " McCain 's top strategist Steve Schmidt told reporters a few hours before polls closed .
Feehery faulted McCain for abiding by campaign finance laws and not making more of Obama 's association with his controversial former pastor , Rev. Jeremiah Wright
What about Palin ?
McCain 's last - minute choice of the Alaska governor ignited conservative voters but alienated independents , who viewed her as unprepared .
High - profile Republicans such as former Secretary of State Colin Powell rejected McCain partially because of Palin .
" McCain spent the entire summer drawing a contrast with Obama over experience and the Palin decision threw that out the window , " said Reed . " " ( But ) you can't blame Palin for the loss .
She energized the party and the base ... "
McCain senior adviser Nicolle Wallace said the Arizona senator got a rough deal from the media compared to Obama , who already enjoyed a massive financial advantage .
The Democrat vastly outspent McCain in all the key swing states .
" No objective analysis suggests that the Obama team and the McCain team have received an equal amount or a fair amount of positive and negative scrutiny or coverage , " she said .
Catholic priest : No communion for Obama supporters
COLUMBIA , South Carolina --
A Roman Catholic priest has told parishioners they should refrain from receiving Holy Communion if they voted for Barack Obama because the Democratic president - elect supports abortion , and supporting him " constitutes material cooperation with intrinsic evil . "
The Rev. Jay Scott Newman said in a letter distributed Sunday to parishioners at St. Mary 's Catholic Church in Greenville , South Carolina , that they are putting their souls at risk if they take Holy Communion before doing penance for their vote .
" Our nation has chosen for its chief executive the most radical pro-abortion politician ever to serve in the United States Senate or to run for president , " Newman wrote , referring to Obama by his full name , including his middle name of Hussein .
" Voting for a pro-abortion politician when a plausible pro-life alternative exists constitutes material cooperation with intrinsic evil , " he said .
" Persons in this condition should not receive Holy Communion until and unless they are reconciled to God in the Sacrament of Penance , lest they eat and drink their own condemnation . "
Obama defeated Republican John McCain in the Nov. 4 election to become America 's first black president .
South Carolina , in the conservative South , was won by McCain .
During the 2008 presidential campaign , many bishops spoke out on abortion more boldly than four years earlier , telling Catholic politicians and voters that the issue should be the most important consideration in setting policy and deciding which candidate to back .
A few church leaders said parishioners risked their immortal soul by voting for candidates who support abortion rights .
But bishops differ on whether Catholic lawmakers -- and voters -- should refrain from receiving Communion if they diverge from church teaching on abortion .
Each bishop sets policy in his own diocese .
In their annual fall meeting , the nation 's Catholic bishops vowed Tuesday to forcefully confront the Obama administration over its support for abortion rights .
According to national exit polls , 54 percent of Catholics chose Obama , who is Protestant .
In South Carolina , voters in Greenville County -- traditionally seen as among the state 's most conservative areas -- went 61 percent for the Republican , and 37 percent for Obama .
" It was not an attempt to make a partisan point , " Newman said in a telephone interview Thursday .
" In fact , in this election , for the sake of argument , if the Republican candidate had been pro-abortion , and the Democratic candidate had been pro-life , everything that I wrote would have been exactly the same . "
Conservative Catholics criticized Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry in 2004 for supporting abortion rights , with a few Catholic bishops saying Kerry , a Catholic , should refrain from receiving Holy Communion because his views were contrary to church teachings .
Sister Mary Ann Walsh , spokeswoman for the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , said she had not heard of other churches taking this position in reaction to Obama 's win .
A Boston - based group that supports Catholic Democrats questioned the move , saying it was too extreme .
" Father Newman is off - base , " said Steve Krueger , national director of Catholic Democrats .
" He is acting beyond the authority of a parish priest to say what he did .
...
Unfortunately , he is doing so in a manner that will be of great cost to those parishioners who did vote for Senators Obama and Biden .
There will be a spiritual cost to them for his words . "
A man who has attended St. Mary 's for 18 years said he welcomed Newman 's message and anticipated it would inspire further discussion at the church .
" I do n't understand anyone who would call themselves a Christian , let alone a Catholic , and could vote for someone who 's a pro-abortion candidate , " said Ted Kelly , 64 , who volunteers his time as lector for the church .
" You 're talking about the murder of innocent beings . "
Nortel Networks
Corp could shed between 3,000 and 5,000 jobs when it details its latest restructuring plan next week , analysts said on Tuesday .
The company , North America 's biggest maker of telephone gear , said in September that a weak economy and spending cutbacks by the telecom companies that buy its equipment will lead to lower sales .
It said these factors will necessitate new job cuts , but it did not specify a number .
Nortel 's payroll stands at about 32,000 — down from a peak of more than 90,000 in 2000 before the technology bubble burst .
It announced in February that it would cut 2,100 more jobs , but it was not clear how many of those layoffs have been implemented already .
The Toronto - based company is set to report its third - quarter results on Monday and analysts said it will also likely issue a more detailed update on the latest restructuring .
While Nortel needs to rein in its cost base , it is also limited in the number of workers it can cut at one time , said Ed Snyder , principal analyst at Charter Equity Research .
" You run into structural issues when you cut off too many people at once , " he said .
" It causes a huge disruption . "
Morale suffers and remaining employees could start looking for work elsewhere .
Cut likely 10 per cent
Snyder said he does n't expect Nortel to cut more than 10 per cent of its workers .
Nortel also said in September it would try to sell its growing Metro Ethernet Networks business , which includes its optical and carrier ethernet technology and accounts for about 14 per cent its revenue .
If a sale is successful , it could let the company move some employees off its payroll without incurring severance costs .
Duncan Stewart , president of Duncan Stewart Asset Management in Toronto , said he expects Nortel will trim between 10 per cent and 15 per cent of staff — or roughly 3,000 to 5,000 people — not counting a sale of Metro Ethernet .
" They 're still way out in the wilderness , " he said .
" It 's almost impossible to cut your way to growth . "
He , too , said that large layoffs send troubling signals to the remaining employees , as well as customers and competitors .
" It 's part of what we call the sort of death spiral of continued cuts , " he said .
Nortel 's name became almost synonymous with massive layoffs in the years following the tech meltdown that began at the start of this decade .
Once a darling of technology investors , the company incurred billions in losses as demand for its products dried up and never recovered .
Nortel 's stock hit a record low last week , falling to $ 1.21 on the Toronto Stock Exchange .
It closed Tuesday at $ 1.47 .
In mid-2000 , its shares were worth more than $ 1,100 each , adjusted for a stock consolidation that took place in late 2006 .
to my blog , or Subscribe to E- mail digest
ACLU presses Denver to investigate events surrounding DNC arrests Nick Cargo
Published : Sunday November 9 , 2008
Print This Email This The American Civil Liberties Union of Colorado is renewing a call to the City and County of Denver 's Independent Monitor Richard Rosenthal to investigate events surrounding the actions of metro Denver police and possible agents provocateurs at a demonstration on the opening night of the Democratic National Convention .
On October 30 , ACLU staff attorney Taylor Pendergrass wrote a letter to Rosenthal calling for an internal affairs investigation into a mass detention of demonstrators , bystanders , members of the press and legal observers , 106 of whom were arrested at the corner of 15th Street and Court Place on the evening of August 25 .
According to internal reports from the Denver Police Department and video footage obtained by the ACLU , hundreds were corralled and not given an order to disperse , and therefore a chance to comply with such an order , before police surrounded the crowd and began making arrests .
In criminal trials arising from the events of August 25th , it was revealed that the crowd was blockaded by police on 15th Street without warning at approximately 7:11 pm , and by 7:14 pm , hundreds were trapped between police lines .
A sworn statement by Sergeant Anthony Foster , in contradiction to the video evidence , said that an order to disperse , without compliance from the crowd , was given at 7:30 pm .
Other statements by DPD officers say that orders were given over loudspeakers and verbally .
" Contrary to these sworn statements , legal observers , arrestees , detainees and media trapped inside of the police lines on 15th Street , and others like myself outside of the cordon , reported that they never heard any dispersal order given at 7:30 p.m. or any other time , nor were people given any opportunity to disperse , " Pendergrass wrote .
Commander Dilley and Sergeant Foster , in addition , testified in court that an order to disperse was never given .
The Denver Police Department Operations and Procedure Manual , § 108.08 ( 6 ) ( a ) ( 3 ) , reads : " When possible , clear instructions shall be communicated to the crowd .
Unless there is an immediate risk to public safety , or significant property damage is occurring , sufficient time will be allowed for a crowd to comply with police commands before action is taken . "
" Persons on the sidewalks surrounding 15th Street had a clear First Amendment right to be present on the sidewalk , " Pendergrass added , " whether they were engaged in free speech activity , recording police and citizen interaction , or just watching . "
On Thursday , Pendergrass followed up with Rosenthal after it was discovered that undercover DPD detectives trapped within the crowd on 15th Street staged struggles with uniformed officers in order to be " arrested " and removed .
Pendergrass cited the Operations and Procedure Manual , § 108.08 ( 2 ) ( c ) , which states that " unprofessional police behavior can inflame a tense situation and make control efforts more difficult and dangerous . " § 108.08 ( 6 ) ( a ) ( 4 ) further states that an undercover officer is to " assess the overall behavior and disposition of a crowd " but , Pendergrass said , the text " does not appear to authorize undercover officers to affirmatively engage in what would appear to members of the public and other officers to be illegal acts . "
Pendergrass wrote that such acts by the detectives may have inflamed the situation , especially given the fact that an officer from neighboring Jefferson County , unaware that the plants were such , pepper sprayed them during the performance .
PDF copies of the two letters can be read at the following links : October 30 , November 6 .
Whether you ’re into chic and sophisticated or laidback and earthy , there ’s an infinite range of contemporary floor designs around to suit your taste and budget .
1. Dimension Flooring :
Nothing short of a mind blast , Dimension Flooring is an abstract design which Alistair Bramley allowed to guide him .
After watching videos of how people move through their living space , he allowed their movement to dictate the placement of lines using digital printing processes .
This resulted in a graphic pattern of contour lines on laminate flooring .
Using this as a template , Bramley is able to create flooring solutions that are individually tailored to individuals and / or their environments .
Unique and dynamic !
Designer : Alistair Bramley
2. Concrete Art :
By adding a cheerful floral veneer to hard , cheap concrete , Transparent House Studio has come up with an innovative way to enhance the décor of any room with a range of designs .
The juxtaposition of a stark concrete base and light designs of choice provides a great way to transform a dull and functional room into a lively environment .
Who said practical ca n’t be fun ?
[ via : Transparent House ]
3. ResoFloor :
Chic and shiny , these super - resistant high gloss floor - panels come in four different graphic decors .
Designed by Lars Contzen , they are easy to maintain and add a sophisticated edge to contemporary interiors .
[ via : Lars Contzen ]
4. Floris Wood Flooring System :
The modular wood flooring system , comprised of cardboard sandwich paneled tiles finished in MDF and layered with walnut veneer , is just as effective for tables , chairs and benches .
Perfect for small living spaces , Klaartje Daamen ’s specially designed tiles , which have polyethylene glued beneath them to provide cushioning and soundproofing , can be folded up into pieces of furniture when not in use as a floor covering .
Each tile , which come in a variety of heights , has of hooks and holes underneath that facilitate slotting together for laying and securing on the surface .
Lego for adults !
Designer : Klaartje Daamen
5. Glass Tile Floor :
Besides creating a unique walking experience , this glass tile floor from ThinkGlass adds a sense of openness and light to your living space .
Anti-skid and resistant to impact , these glass tiles provide a unique alternative to traditional opaque flooring products and create plenty of opportunity for new or repetitive textures at a low cost .
With no thickness constraints , the glass slabs can be filled with a range of diverse materials , from copper- plating which produces a metallic spark , LED lighting to create a warm glow on the floor , or fused glass in a variety of textures .
Lightness of being was never so good ! [ via : THINK GLASS ]
6. LightFader :
Bring on the light fantastique !
Manufactured by TAL , this interactive flooring leaves a pedestrian ’s footprints visible for about a minute after crossing it .
When you walk across the floor , the weight of your footsteps displaces the fluid , and leaves prints wherever your foot has been .
The LightFader interactive floor consists of a modular system of tiles made of a scratch - resistant material that can hold up to 250 kg per square meter .
The tiles measure 1000 x 1000 x 75 mm , and are connected to each other by a link cable .
[ via : TAL ]
7. Spektra Woven Vinyl Flooring :
A sensational , touchable woven vinyl flooring made by Swedish company Bolan , Spektra looks like textile carpeting but endures much longer .
Especially useful for high traffic areas such as hallways , the easy - to - maintain carpet has a unique attractiveness lent by an alluring metallic sparkle which catches the light at certain angles .
A far cry from the company ’s characteristically cool and neutral Scandinavian designs , the Spektra ’s geometric designs are lively , colorful and energetic .
[ via : BOLON ]
8. Puzzle Floor :
A vibrant choice for children ’s and adults ’ bedrooms alike , this interlocking floor jigsaw elicits maximum attention .
Available in 13 colors , the tiles can be mixed and matched uniquely according to personal taste .
Easier and faster to install than traditional wood strip flooring , these pre-finished and precision - cut solid northern hardwood pieces interlock quickly and are an easy DIY project .
[ via : Puzzle Floor ]
9. Zero.4 Rubber Flooring :
Featuring an irregular distribution of circles of four different diameters , this “ accidental project ” inspired by nature is a combination of geometry and organic design .
A new take on the traditional studded surface , mould technology is the focal point of the zero . 4 proposal which uses geometrical progression to create the random distribution of circles .
Launched by Artigo , in conjunction with Sottsass Associati , the rubber floor covering collection also includes two other ranges : Kayar uses fragments of natural coconut fiber in its rubber mix which comes in 16 different colors , Ebony has a finish that reflects the grain in the wood and comes in four colors .
[ via : artigo ]
10 . Wood Tile Floor :
Created from slices of Alder end grain , these contemporary wood tiles are bright and open and the distinctive rings bring a warm honey glow to the room .
The distinctive rings of this unique flooring offer an interesting alternative to traditional plank flooring with its linear pattern .
The tile is made up of symmetrical honeycomb blocks of uniform size , which give a rich geometric pattern , without the fuss of traditional parquet flooring .
A simple pattern that enhances the natural beauty of the wood , the easy - to - maintain broadleaf wood tile enhances the natural beauty of the wood and suits a wide range of contemporary interiors .
Practical , fashionable and unfussy .
[ via : broadleaf ]
The largest publisher of daily newspapers in Canada is now a penny stock .
On Friday , Canwest Global Communications Corp. subordinate voting shares closed at 93 cents on the Toronto Stock Exchange .
The company 's stock traded at $ 18.55 when it bought the Vancouver Sun , Province , and several other daily and community papers from Hollinger Inc. in 2000 .
The Asper family controls Canwest Global , which owns Canwest Mediaworks Publications .
This subsidiary owns the Vancouver Sun , Province , National Post , and many other newspapers .
Canwest Global president and CEO Leonard Asper collects a $ 900,000 salary .
He is eligible for incentive fees , including life insurance and pension payments , of up to 200 percent of his base , according to company documents filed with regulators .
Canwest Mediaworks president and CEO Dennis Skulsky collects a $ 650,000 annual salary .
In addition , he qualifies for additional compensation , including life insurance and a pension plan , of up to 62.5 percent of his base , according to company documents .
" In the event of termination without cause , Mr. Skulsky is entitled to receive a payment equivalent to two years base salary and average annual bonus earned during the preceding three year period , " the company 's November , 2007 management information circular states .
Each of the Asper siblings -- Leonard , David , and Gail - - owns 25,595,325 multiple voting shares , which give them control of the company .
A legal agreement stipulates that the multiple voting shares cannot be sold for an amount greater than 115 percent of the value of subordinate voting shares in the event of a corporate takeover .
In addition , Leonard Asper has options to buy 734,902 shares and owns 33,200 reserved share units , according to the company 's management information circular , which was distributed to shareholders last November .
His brother David has 216,499 options and owns 10,300 reserved share units , which are the equivalent of the subordinate voting shares ; sister Gail has 25,206 stock options , according to the management information circular .
Someone in Germany is driving an automobile built for UK roads and has installed a Muppet in the passenger seat .
The speed cameras in Germany are made to take photos of drivers who sit in the left side of the vehicle , so drivers of UK - style cars driver can't be easily identified .
A German police source said : " The number plate is not enough .
We need clear evidence of who is driving the vehicle too .
" But because this is a British vehicle we can never get a decent picture .
The driver has obviously worked this out because he has placed a large puppet in the passenger seat .
" This may be an example of the famous British sense of humour but it is still dangerous driving .
The driver has been caught on camera on several occasions and the puppet is on the passenger seat every time .
We suspect he positions the toy deliberately before accelerating past the camera . "
Advertisements
The stock market is suffering another triple digit loss today , but during a conference call with reporters , John McCain ’s campaign manager Rick “ The campaign is n’t about issues , ” Davis said that the McCain campaign wo n’t be talking about the stock market everyday , because the campaign should n’t become a , “ CNBC news show on the stock market . ”
Instead they spent their time trying to link Obama to the ACORN investigation .
When asked by a reporter why McCain does n’t talk about the economy more , Davis said that he can’t imagine a situation where they would put out daily statements on the stock market .
He followed it up by confessing that the campaign would n’t know what to say , “ It does n’t mean we do n’t care and are n’t trying to do something about it , it ’s just I ’m not exactly sure what you ’d say everyday . ”
It ’s funny , but the Obama campaigns manages to find something to say about the economy and the stock market everyday , which is why they are winning this election .
What Davis did talk about was the investigation into allegations of voter fraud by the non-partisan voter registration group ACORN .
The McCain campaign manager said that Obama has not been straight with the American people , and has been very inconsistent in his remarks about his relationship with them .
Here is how the McCain strategy works , they question Obama ’s honesty about things like Ayers and ACORN .
They then say that he is being dishonest about his associations , in the hopes that if they can convince voters that Obama is dishonest , they will then view his positions as dishonest .
Advertisements
Of course , the problem with this strategy is that it ignores the fact that the stock market is about to suffer its worst week ever .
The McCain campaign also wants to ignore the economy as an issue .
However , voters do n’t care about ACORN , they want to talk about the economy .
Their investments and retirement accounts are vanishing before their eyes everyday , but the McCain campaign plans on pretending that there are other things that are more important .
Davis ’s comments demonstrate why John McCain should n’t be elected president .
They do n’t want to talk about it because they have no idea what to do .
They are providing distractions , not leadership .
I do n’t understand how they expect to win this election when they wo n’t even seriously discuss the most important issues of the day .
Our economy is in collapse , and the campaign of the Republican nominee is talking about ACORN .
Think about that for a minute , then ask yourself if these are the kind of people that you want running the country .
I do n’t think America could take four years of John McCain .
Women with breast cancer ' live longer ' with group therapy
Joining a support group could double a woman 's chances of surviving breast cancer , research suggests .
Breast cancer patients who attended regular stress - busting sessions with psychologists were around half as likely to die from the disease as other women , a study found .
The disease was also less likely to come back , and when it did , it took longer to recur , increasing the amount of high - quality time they had with their loved ones , the journal Cancer reports .
Women who undertook group therapy coped better with breast cancer and lived longer according to a new study
It is thought the support the women received , including relaxation and problem solving techniques and advice on how to approach family and friends , helped thwart the cancer by cutting stress levels .
Although a link between patient support and quality of life has been made before , this study is the first to credit it with the ability to prolong life .
Researcher Barbara Andersen said : ' The results suggest that we can help breast cancer patients make positive steps that may help them live longer and make recurrence less likely . '
Professor Andersen , of Ohio State University , tracked the wellbeing of 227 breast cancer patients for an average of 11 years .
At the start of the study , all had undergone breast surgery but the cancer had not spread .
All received the usual medical treatment but half were also asked to attend regular group counselling sessions .
Led by a psychologist , these included relaxation techniques and advice on how to avoid becoming too tired and how to approach family and friends for support .
The 26 sessions held over the course of a year also included some diet and exercise advice and information on how to deal with side - effects of cancer treatment .
The cancer recurred in 62 of the women and 54 died .
However , analysis showed the women who took part in the group sessions or ' intervention programme ' we around half as likely to have died .
The cancer was also half as likely to come back and , when it did , it recurred six months later than in the other women , the journal Cancer reports .
The benefits also seemed to extend to overall health , with women who had received counselling also being less likely to have died of other health problems , such as heart disease .
Professor Andersen , of Ohio State University 's Institute for Behavioural Medicine Research , said : ' Many of the strategies learned in the intervention programme , such as stress reduction , may have benefited them from heart disease and other causes of death .
' We found a strong relationship between patients ' use of the intervention strategies we taught them and better health .
' If psychological interventions to reduce stress are delivered early , they can improve mental health , health and possibly even odds of survival .'
She added that the main focus of the sessions was on psychological support and not advice on diet and exercise .
It is thought that counselling cuts levels of stress - related hormones and other compounds that fuel cancer .
British experts welcomed the research but questioned how much of the effect was due to lifestyle changes .
Dr Emma Pennery , of Breast Cancer Care , said : ' It is very hard to untangle exactly what elements of this intervention made the difference , the intervention was about more than just counselling .
' One thing we know for absolute certainty is that one of the aspects that can improve survival chances is exercise . '
She added that all patients should have access to support from specialist nurses .
However , the level of help available varies from part to part of the country .
Dr Sarah Rawlings , of Breakthrough Breast Cancer , said : ' This is a very small study and other research has not shown a link between psychological interventions and increased survival in patients with early breast cancer .
' Regardless of this study , we know that alongside treatment , psychological support can be very important for
many breast cancer patients to enhance their quality of life and reduce distress . '
Dr Michael Stefanek , of the American Cancer Society , urged patients not to read too much into the results .
He said that other studies had come to the opposite conclusion , adding : ' We should not conclude that psychological interventions increase survival among women with early stage breast cancer . '
Crude oil prices will rally in the near - term , but then investors will see another sharp selloff that will take crude back down to seven - year lows , according to one technical analyst .
Looking at the chart for light , sweet crude , prices will rise to $ 76 to $ 80 in the next two months , Dick Otto from Matrix Asset Management said Friday .
But then another slide is expected .
" What we seen when we look at the move down from $ 130 to $ 50 is an impulsive wave , " Otto said .
The most exhilarating campaign of our time has come to an end , and some 130 million Americans now will put the exclamation point at the end of that sentence by casting votes .
Each of those votes is equal , of course , but some are more equal than others .
That is , some votes have more strategic significance .
They will determine whether Sen.
John McCain can pull off a surprise , or whether Sen. Barack Obama wins by a small margin or with a mandate .
Equally important , some will decide how big the Democratic majority in the Senate will be -- and whether Democrats reach the magic level of 60 seats needed to secure , at least on paper , a Senate where the party 's members can band together to prevent filibusters .
So , with that in mind , here is a quick look at the voters with the most strategic impact Tuesday :
Young and Hispanic voters .
One way of looking at Sen. Obama 's lead in the final Wall Street Journal / NBC
News poll taken over the weekend is to say that he is leading 51 % to 43 % .
Another way is to say that his lead is built largely on the votes of the young and the Hispanic .
The military leader of the Basque terrorist group ETA was removed from the top of Spain 's most - wanted list early Monday morning , when French police arrested Garikoitz Aspiazu Rubina , alias Txeroki , in the Pyrenean town of Cauterets .
Spanish police allege that he 's directly responsible for several murders .
Txeroki , they say , is suspected of ordering the 2006 bombing at Madrid 's Barajas airport .
" This has been a hard blow and ETA is going to suffer for it , " said Spanish Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez in reference to the arrest .
" Today ETA is weaker and our democracy is stronger . "
Although experts have been sounding the death - knell of ETA for years , the detention of Txeroki comes on the heels of several other significant arrests , including the recent capture of the group 's political leader .
The separatist group , which has killed more than 800 people in the past 40 years , is now believed to be in a historically unprecedented state of decline .
Txeroki , who is in his 30s , had only recently risen through the ranks of ETA 's hierarchy , replacing previous operational leaders Mikel Albizu and Soledad Iparraguirre , who were arrested in 2004 .
From the outset , he showed himself to be a hard - line partisan of violence as the preferred means of obtaining an independent Basque homeland .
Early in his leadership , police allege that he ordered an assassination attempt on the life of Spanish king , Juan Carlos .
" He is the hardest of hard - liners , " says sociologist Ignacio Sánchez - Cuenca , of Madrid 's Juan March Institute .
" This is a person deeply implicated in violence . "
Two members of ETA now behind bars have also testified that Txeroki himself pulled the trigger on two Spanish Civil Guards assassinated in the French coastal town of Capbreton earlier this year .
Perhaps the most serious act of his career , however , was the bombing of a parking lot at Barajas airport in December 2006 .
In addition to killing two Ecuadorean immigrants , the attack brought an abrupt end to flailing peace talks with the Spanish government that began when ETA declared a " permanent " cease - fire in March of that year .
Today , the headline of a profile of Txeroki in Spanish newspaper El País declared : " The ETA member who blew up hopes for peace . "
Although support for the group had been declining for years , the Spanish government turned the failure of the peace process into an opportunity to crack down on ETA .
Beginning in 2007 , the country 's courts banned several political organizations affiliated with the group , while police have arrested dozens of suspected members .
Until today , the most notable was the May detention of Francisco " Thierry " Javier López Peña , the presumed leader of the political wing of ETA , and a fellow hard - liner , who represented ETA in its talks with the Spanish government .
Spanish authorities also began to work more closely with their counterparts in France , where many ETA members have fled in recent years .
This year alone , French police have arrested 31 members of the organization , according to French Interior Minister Michele Alliot - Marie .
That sort of improved police and counterintelligence work , along with growing cooperation with France , has made life harder for ETA .
" There 's too much pressure on the group now , " says Rogelio Alonso , terrorism expert at Madrid 's King Juan Carlos University .
" It ca n't train its commandos like it used to .
And when they 're not trained well , they commit errors . "
Mr. Sánchez - Cuenca , an ETA expert , agrees .
" It 's not the first time that a high - ranking member of the ETA hierarchy has been arrested , but it may be among the most critical .
With all the other leaders behind bars , the person who takes Txeroki 's place is going to be even less experienced , and that will leave ETA in even greater disarray . "
The arrest does not mean , however , that ETA is finished .
In the past , attacks have often followed detentions – an attempt by the group to prove its continued viability to both detractors and supporters alike .
" It 's not unlikely that they 'll compensate with a terrorist attack that can animate their base , " says Florencio Domínguez , editor in chief of the news agency Vasco Press and author of several books on the organization .
Prime Minister Zapatero appeared keenly aware of that possibility today as he announced the arrest .
" They have n't lost their capacity to attack , " he said .
" They have n't lost their capacity to cause pain . "
We 've had eyes on both of these for a while , but Nokia today has dropped a couple new N - Series phones into the official UK chute , and they are expected to follow stateside soon .
The N85 slider ( left ) appears to be replacing the N81 , and the N79 candybar does the same for the N78 ( even though it only dropped in the US a few months ago ) .
Gaming and music seems to be the focus of the N85 , which adds N - Gage support and ditches the built - in storage in favor of an 8 GB micro SD card .
An AMOLED screen reduces power consumption for up to 28 hours of music playback .
The N79 bumps the N78's camera up to 5MP and adds an LED flash and swappable faceplates .
All feature Wi -Fi , GPS and 3G across the board , but the rumored US 3G support we 're still waiting to hear for sure on .
[ Pocket Lint via Electronista ]
Advertisement
FRANKFURT ( Reuters ) - Germany ’s wealthiest woman , and one of its most discreet , has gone public with a tale of how a lover filmed their hotel trysts and demanded millions of euros not to reveal them .
Munich state prosecutors confirmed on Tuesday that they were pursuing a case against a man accused of blackmail by Susanne Klatten , a member of the Quandt family , famous in Germany not only as the leading shareholders in car - maker BMW but also for their low public profile .
The mass - circulation daily Bild said Klatten , a 46 - year - old married mother - of - three , had first met the 43 - year - old Swiss at a hotel bar .
It said he had described himself as a multilingual special envoy for war zones , although in reality he sold chicken at a fast food stand .
Later meetings , including hotel - room rendezvous , were secretly filmed by an accomplice and used in an attempt to extort 40 million euros ( $ 51 million ) , the paper said .
A spokesman for Klatten said the pictures had been taken in late 2007 .
“ Afterwards , the blackmailer asked for an advance of several million euros and later tried to get a far higher amount .
In January 2008 , Mrs. Klatten lodged a legal complaint with the state prosecutors in Munich , ” he said .
Neither the alleged blackmailer nor his lawyer could be reached for comment .
Newspapers reported that he had defended his actions , saying he wanted to avenge his Jewish grandfather ’s forced labor in Klatten ’s family ’s factories during the war .
The Quandt dynasty had close ties to the Nazi party and built its fortune supplying German army and railway worker uniforms .
Klatten ’s grandfather ’s first wife went on to marry Nazi propaganda chief Joseph Goebbels .
The family recently pledged a full investigation after a television program revealed that forced labor had been used in their factories as part of the Nazi war effort .
Klatten ’s wealth is estimated by Forbes magazine at almost $ 10 billion , making her the 68th richest person in the world .
She owns just over half of the chemical company Altana as well as a 12.5 percent holding in BMW .
Nachrichten
dpa
Oberndorf ( dpa ) - Im Streit mit der Bundesregierung hat der Waffenhersteller Heckler & Koch einen weiteren juristischen Schritt unternommen , um doch noch einen Sturmgewehr - Großauftrag des Bundes zu bekommen .
Di Huanran achieved his record dive of 12.19 m by launching himself into the spray from Diaoshuilou waterfall in Mundanjiang City , China .
( CNN ) --
The morning after teams of gunmen carried out a brazen series of attacks across southern Mumbai , killing scores of people and taking hostages in three locations , the situation showed little signs of a quick resolution .
A series of gunshots rang through the air at the Oberoi Hotel Thursday morning , where about 100 members of a specialized unit of the Indian police undertook an operation to rescue four to five foreigners hostages on the 19th floor .
A few blocks away , a series of gunfire sent curious onlookers scurrying for cover at the Taj Mahal Hotel .
Shortly afterward , police escorted dozens of people -- who appeared to be mostly westerners -- out of the hotel .
A.N. Roy , the police chief of Maharashtra state , where Mumbai is located , said all hostages there had been freed .
A standoff at a third location -- the Cama Hospital for women and infants -- also appeared to have been resolved by Thursday morning , CNN 's sister station CNN - IBN reported .
It was not immediately known whether gunmen at the hospital fled or were killed .
Israel Foreign Ministry was attempting to locate about 20 Israeli nationals missing in the city as police said four suspected gunmen took cover in a building called Nariman House , where several Jewish families live .
Police said gunmen fired indiscriminately from the building throughout the night .
Stray bullets killed a couple in their home and a 16 - year - old boy who stepped outside , police said .
Authorities asked residents in Mumbai to stay inside , uncertain whether other attacks were planned in the city .
That warning failed to stop knots of curious onlookers from strolling Thursday through the streets of this financial center to survey the damage at some of the 10 sites that , without warning , had turned into battlegrounds late Wednesday .
Mumbai remained locked down with police checking cars randomly .
The stock market in the city -- the financial capital of India -- was closed , as were schools and colleges .
Government officials said the attacks caught them completely unawares , with no intelligence chatter indicating that such a coordinated assault was in the works .
Instead , authorities had focused their attention on securing movie theaters and malls after receiving indications that terrorists were intending to attack those locations , CNN - IBN reported .
" It 's war on Mumbai , " read the banner headline on the front page of The Times of India .
Mumbai police spokesman Satish Katsa put the death toll to be at least 85 and another 200 wounded .
An earlier report said an additional nine attackers had been killed .
At the five - star Taj Mahal Hotel , a fire continued to burn hours after it began on the top floor of the majestic , century - old Victorian building popular among Western tourists and diplomats .
CNN employee Yasmin Wong was among the guests at the Taj Mahal who holed up in her fourth - floor room for several hours , then ran out her door , down the stairs , into the lobby and past the pool in the rear of the hotel to safety .
" I saw a few casualties on the way down , " she told CNNI .
She said she also saw the guest in a room above hers .
He had smashed out his fifth - floor window to escape the fire and was hanging out his window , but no one was there to help .
International hot lines Australia : Department of Foreign Affairs offers these numbers : In Australia : 1-800-002 214 .
Australians overseas , call 61 2 6261-3305 .
UK : The British Ministry of Foreign Affairs is directing concerned UK nationals to call 44 ( 0)20 7008-0000
U.S. : The State Department has established a Consular Call Center : The number is 888-407-4747 .
" He was just screaming and yelling for help , " she said , adding that she did not know what became of the man .
" I 'd been instructed just to get out of my room , " she said .
Bhushan Gagrani , a spokesman for Maharashtra , said no one had claimed responsibility for the attacks .
But several Indian news outlets reported receiving e-mails from a group calling itself the Deccan Mujahideen that claimed responsibility for the attacks .
CNN was not able to verify the reports .
Gagrani said nine suspects were arrested overnight and three other people were detained for questioning .
CNN - IBN reported that seven of the nine arrested are fishermen .
The network said that police found a boat loaded with explosives near the Taj Mahal .
Hemant Karkare , chief of Mumbai police 's anti-terrorism squad , was among the fatalities at the Hotel Oberoi , officials said .
In addition , 11 other police were killed , Deshmukh said .
He said officials did not know how many attackers were involved .
A man told local television that he was in the Oberoi around 10 p.m. when gunmen entered the lobby and began rounding up guests , asking for anyone with a U.S. or British passport and taking hostage about 15 of them .
The Cafe Leopold , another popular hangout for Western tourists , was also targeted , and one police official said an attack occurred at the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station , a Victorian building .
CNN - IBN reported the attacks began shortly before 10 p.m. ( 12:30 p.m. ET ) Wednesday and witnesses were reporting new explosions and gunfire into early Thursday morning .
A.N. Roy , the police chief of Maharashtra , said the gunmen used grenades and automatic weapons .
India has suffered a number of attacks in recent years , including a string of bombs that ripped through packed Mumbai commuter trains and platforms during rush hour in July 2006 .
About 209 people were killed in that attack .
Last July , a series of synchronized bomb blasts in the western Indian city of Ahmedabad left 49 dead and more than 100 wounded , police said .
But Paresh Parihar , a businessman in Mumbai , described Wednesday 's attacks as unlike any previous ones .
" They really do n't fear for their lives or any other activity that could put them in danger , " he told CNN .
" This is really a very unusual situation . "
Mumbai ordered schools closed Thursday .
CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh and Correspondent Andrew Stevens in Mumbai contributed to this story .
All About India • Terrorism • Mumbai
DIGG THIS
Ask yourself this question :
Was the housing price bubble , which has burst , caused by : a ) a Fed policy of too much liquidity , which caused artificially low interest rates , which in turn caused a great deal of mal - investment ; or b ) a Fed policy of too little liquidity which caused high interest rates and a credit - starved economy ?
If you chose answer " b , " congratulations , you may have a future as a celebrated author , historian , and Wall Street Journal commentator .
Answer " b " is a theme of a truly ridiculous article by John Steele Gordon in the October 10 issue of the Wall Street Journal online entitled " A Short Banking History of the United States . "
The article is an attempt to defend the Fed , its founding father , Alexander Hamilton , and the regime that it finances .
( Gordon is the author of a book entitled Hamilton ’s Blessing which sings the praises of a large public debt , something that Hamilton himself called a " public blessing . " )
Rather than faulting the Fed for creating yet another boom - and - bust cycle , Gordon blames the current economic debacle on " the baleful influence of Thomas Jefferson . "
Jefferson was the foremost opponent of a bank capitalized with tax dollars and operated by politicians and their appointees from the nation ’s capital — Hamilton ’s Bank of the United States ( BUS ) , a precursor of the Fed .
Thus , despite the fact that the real blame for the current economic crisis lies squarely in the lap of the Fed and its ideological underpinnings , particularly the legends and myths surrounding Hamilton , Gordon attempts to convince us that opposition to politicized , centralized banking is the real problem .
Anyone who believes this could easily be persuaded that up is down , white is black , and day is night .
The purpose of the Fed , according to Gordon , is to serve as a sort of a monetary benevolent despot : " To guard the money supply . . . regulating the economy thereby . "
Right - wing statists like Gordon , like left - wing statists , have adopted the custom of smearing Jefferson as a slave - owner not so much because they are appalled that he owned slaves , but because their objective is to denigrate his laissez faire / limited government political philosophy .
Gordon includes the Jefferson slavery smear in his article , but fails to mention that his hero Hamilton also owned " house slaves " which were brought into his marriage by his wife Eliza ; he once purchased six slaves at an auction ; and he supported the return of runaway slaves to their " owners " under the Fugitive Slave Clause of the original Constitution .
Indeed , nearly all of the " first families " of the New York City of Hamilton ’s time — his main social and political circle — were slave owners .
As Hamilton biographer Ron Chernow has written , during Hamilton ’s time " New York City , in particular , was identified with slavery . . . and was linked [ economically ] through its sugar refineries in the West Indies " ( where Hamilton was born and raised ) .
By the late 1790s slaves were " regarded as status symbols " by the wealthiest New York families .
Gordon spreads several other falsehoods about Jefferson in the leading paragraphs of his article .
This in itself is telling , for it shows that court historians like John Steele Gordon fully understand the importance of Hamilton ’s statist political philosophy in propping up the Fed and the regime that it finances .
Gordon claims that Jefferson , a lifelong businessman , " hated commerce , " " hated banks , " and " may not have understood the concept of central banking . "
He also argues that Hamilton , by contrast , had a " profound understanding of markets " because he worked as a bookkeeper for British slave - owning sugar plantation operators and exporters as a teenager on the Caribbean island of St. Croix .
This is nonsense on stilts , as the philosopher Jeremy Bentham is supposed to have said with regard to another spurious claim .
What Jefferson opposed was Hamilton ’s mercantilist policies of government - controlled banking , corporate welfare , protectionist tariffs , heavy excise taxation , excessive public debt , and other interventions .
Unlike Hamilton , Jefferson had read and understood Adam Smith ’s Wealth of Nations and his Theory of Moral Sentiments , as well as the work of David Ricardo , Jean Baptiste Say ( who Jefferson tried to get to join the faculty of the University of Virginia ) , Richard Cantillon , and other economic theorists of that era .
Hamilton was ignorant of or ignored all of this .
His major intellectual influence was a propagandist for the British mercantilist regime named Sir James Steuart .
As Murray Rothbard wrote in an article entitled " A Future of Peace and Capitalism " :
Jefferson was very precisely in favor of laissez - faire , or free - market , capitalism .
And that was the real argument between [ Hamilton and Jefferson ] .
It was n’t really that Jefferson was against factories or industries per se ; what he was against was coerced [ economic ] development , that is , taxing the farmers through tariffs and subsidies to build up industry artificially , which was essentially the Hamilton program .
Jefferson . . . was a very learned person .
He read Adam Smith , he read Ricardo , he was very familiar with laissez - faire classical economics .
And so his economic program . . . was a very sophisticated application of classical economics to the American scene . . . classicists were also against tariffs , subsidies , and coerced economic development . . . .
The Jeffersonian wing of the founding fathers was essentially free - market , laissez - faire capitalists .
Compared to Jefferson , Hamilton was an economic ignoramus .
His reputation as some kind of financial genius has been greatly exaggerated and fabricated , as the great late nineteenth - century Yale sociologist William Graham Sumner wrote in his 1905 biography of Hamilton .
In his Report on Manufacturers , for example , Hamilton presented the cockeyed notion that international competition would cause higher prices and protectionism would cause lower prices by causing domestic producers to compete more vigorously with each other .
History had proven this to be an absurd idea long before Hamilton ’s time .
Hamilton also condemned transportation costs , calling them " an evil which ought to be minimized " through protectionism .
Of course , transportation costs also affect interstate trade , but Hamilton never voiced his opposition to them in that context .
Hamilton was such a mercantilist that he even argued in favor of " a monopoly of the domestic market " by banning all imports altogether .
It is little wonder that William Graham Sumner referred to Hamilton ’s Report on Manufactures as a mass of economic confusion , just the opposite of a " profound and practical understanding of markets . "
Jefferson was not the only prominent opponent of Hamilton ’s scheme to establish a bank operated by politicians out of the nation ’s capital .
James Madison also opposed the First Bank of the United States ( BUS ) .
The Virginia Senator John Taylor was as learned on the subject of political economy as Jefferson was , and immediately recognized the danger of imitating the Bank of England as a financier of mercantilist subsidies .
" What was it that drove our forefathers to this country ? " he asked .
" Was it not the ecclesiastical corps and perpetual monopolies of England and Scotland ?
Shall we suffer the same evils in this country ? "
Hamilton ’s answer would have been " why yes , we shall , for it is the surest route to accumulate power and wealth for myself and my fellow Federalists . "
As Gordon wrote , " Hamilton wanted to establish a central bank modeled on the Bank of England . "
John Steele Gordon ’s " short history " of banking is completely filled with falsehoods .
Throughout his article he blames Jefferson ’s opposition to central banking for economic problems that were in fact created by Hamilton ’s Bank of the United States .
As Murray Rothbard wrote in A History of Money and Banking in the United States ( p. 69 ) , as soon as Hamilton ’s bank was established it
promptly fulfilled its inflationary potential by issuing millions of dollars in paper money and demand deposits , pyramiding on top of $ 2 million in specie .
The Bank . . . invested heavily in loans to the United States government . . . .
The result of the outpouring of credit and paper money by the new bank of the United States was . . . in increase [ in prices ] of 72 percent [ from 1791 — 1796 ] .
The BUS charter was not renewed after its first twenty years .
Gordon blames Jefferson for this , but the above - mentioned economic instability that was caused by the BUS surely played a role .
( And I ’m sure Jefferson would have been proud to accept the credit for the demise of the BUS . )
The BUS was revived after the War of 1812 ( in 1817 ) and it immediately " ran into grave difficulties through mismanagement , speculation , and fraud , " wrote James J. Kilpatrick in his book , The Sovereign States .
Consequently , " a wave of hostility toward the Bank of the United States swept the country , " which eventually led to President Andrew Jackson ’s veto of the bank re-chartering bill .
In 1817 the BUS quickly lent $ 23 million with a specie reserve of only $ 2.3 million .
This flood of cheap credit created a brief economic boom , and then the inevitable bust , or depression , known at the time as the Panic of 1819 .
As Murray Rothbard wrote in The Panic of 1819 , personal bankruptcies abounded , especially among farmers who had overextended themselves thanks to the BUS ’s cheap credit ; and there was for the first time large - scale unemployment in American cities , with manufacturing employment in Philadelphia falling from 9,700 employed persons in 1815 to only 2,100 in 1819 .
This was all Jefferson ’s fault , says John Steele Gordon .
Another one of Gordon ’s false claims is that " The Civil War ended . . . monetary chaos when Congress passed the National Bank Act , " which would become the state ’s monopolistic monetary regime until the creation of the Fed in 1913 .
In reality , the so - called Independent Treasury System that existed from the early 1840s to 1863 was arguably the most stable monetary system in U.S. history .
Modern economic scholars have evaluated the Lincoln regime ’s National Currency Acts and have arrived at the opposite conclusion of Gordon’s .
In an article entitled " Money versus Credit Rationing : Evidence for the National Banking Era , 1880 — 1914 " ( in Claudia Goldin , ed. , Strategic Factors in Nineteenth - Century American Economic Growth ) Michael Bordo , Anna Schwartz , and Peter Rappaport concluded that this Hamiltonian system " was characterized by monetary and cyclical instability , four banking panics , frequent stock market crashes , and other financial disturbances . "
Gordon notes that " inflation took off in the 1960s " but does not blame the actual cause of the inflation — the Fed and its legalized counterfeiting operations .
He concludes by praising the regime ’s current plans to nationalize the financial markets by assuming stock ownership in banks and appointing the U.S. Treasury Secretary as the nation ’s first Financial Dictator .
He thinks this will finally , at long last , achieve Hamilton ’s dream of a " unified and coherent regulatory system free of undue political influence . "
Of course , no government institution in the history of the world has ever been free of political influence , due or undue .
This is perhaps Gordon ’s most spectacularly stupid remark .
" Unified " or centralized regulation of industry has long been a goal of statists who favor regulatory dictatorship as opposed to a governmental regime that delegates " too much " regulatory power .
Gordon himself bemoans the " conflicting " regulations on the banking industry that have been imposed by the Fed , and the FDIC , FSLIC , SEC , and other federal regulators .
The system of financial regulatory dictatorship that Gordon praises , and which is about to be forced down the throats of the American public , has been tried before in other countries .
During one of its own periodic financial crises , Italian government officials complained bitterly , as Gordon does , of regulation that has been " disorganic " and " case by case , as the need arises . "
The Italian regime altered its regulatory system so that it could pursue " certain fixed objectives , " just as Gordon argues for a " unified and coherent regulatory system . "
This highly centralized or even dictatorial regulatory system , the Italians argued , would supposedly " introduce order in the economic field " and achieve the goal of " unity of aim " with regard to government regulation of industry .
All of the above words in quotation marks in the preceding paragraph , except for the last ones , are the words of Benito Mussolini .
The " unity of aim " phrase was from Mussolini apologist / propagandist Fausto Pitigliani .
There is , after all , a very keen similarity between Hamiltonian mercantilism , or an economy directed and controlled by government , supposedly " in the public interest " but in reality for the benefit of a privileged few , and the economic fascism of Italy ( and Germany ) of the 1920s and ’30s .
The Best of Thomas DiLorenzo
RTT News
November 18 , 2008
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , who is in charge of implementing the $ 700 - billion financial relief package put into effect last month , appeared before a congressional panel on Tuesday , defending his decision to switch tactics in distributing the relief funds .
Saying that there “ is no playbook ” for fighting the financial turmoil that the country is facing , he argued that he had to change his focus as a result of the changing nature of the crisis .
While he originally proposed the financial relief package to buy troubled mortgage - backed assets from banks , Paulson said market deterioration from the time the plan was conceived to the time it could be implemented caused him to take what he saw as more direct action .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ There is no playbook for responding to turmoil we have never faced , ” Paulson told the members of the House Financial Services Committee .
“ We adjusted our strategy to reflect the facts of a severe market crisis always keeping focused on Congress ’s goal and our goal – to stabilize the financial system that is integral to the everyday lives of all Americans . ”
Originally , the financial relief package was passed to purchase mortgage - backed assets from financial institutions that had become nearly impossible to sell in the wake of the collapse of the housing market .
The idea was to remove these toxic investments from the books of financial institutions in order to get the companies back to normal lending practices .
However , Paulson has announced recently that he will switch the focus of the program on improving the capital position of banks , using direct equity investments .
While the law that created the $ 700 - billion Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP , allowed for the purchase of bank equity , it was originally seen as a secondary front .
Paulson told the House committee that improving the capital in banks will ultimately achieve the same goal as buying troubled assets .
READ ARTICLE
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Posted : 10/10/2017 | October 10 , 2017
We ’ve all heard the alarming statistic — only 40 % of Americans own a passport .
That number is rising , but only because Americans are now required to show a passport when going to Mexico and Canada .
Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Palin first got her passport last year and has only traveled overseas to military bases in Iraq and Germany .
In fact , she ’s implied that traveling is for the rich :
“ I ’m not one of those who maybe come from a background of , you know , kids who perhaps graduate college and their parents get ’em a passport and give ’em a backpack and say go off and travel the world .
Noooo .
I worked all my life … I was not , uh , a part of , I guess , that culture . ”
So why is it that the world ’s superpower , a country with 300 million people , turns a blind eye to the rest of the planet , and political figures tout their lack of overseas travel as a plus ?
I believe there are a few reasons :
First , there ’s size .
Forget about post - 9/11 politics for a moment .
Most family vacations in America are to other parts of America .
Why ?
Because the US takes up the width ( and a lot of the height ) of a whole continent , and we have all the world ’s environments in our states .
Need beaches ?
Head to Florida .
The tropics ?
Hawaii .
Desert ?
Arizona .
Cold tundra ?
Alaska .
Temperate forests ?
Washington .
This attitude about America having all you need is best summed up by a response I got from a friend in Iowa : “ Why would you want to go to Thailand ?
It ’s far and scary .
If you want beaches , just go to Florida . ”
Americans simply do n’t see the need to go anywhere else when they can do it all in their own country , especially when they ’re afraid of the world .
Which brings me to my second point — fear .
Americans are just scared of the world .
I mean , really scared .
Maybe even petrified .
In this post - 9/11 world , Americans have been taught that the world is a big , frightening place .
There are terrorists outside every hotel waiting to kidnap you .
People do n’t like you because you ’re American .
The world is violent .
It ’s poor .
It ’s dirty .
It ’s savage .
Canada and Europe are OK , but if you go there , they ’ll still be rude to you because you ’re American .
No one likes us .
Even before 9/11 , the media created an environment of fear .
If it bleeds , it leads , right ?
Prior to 9/11 , the media played up violence at home and abroad .
Pictures of riots in foreign streets , threats against Americans , and general violence were all played up to portray a volatile and unsafe world .
After 9/11 , it only got worse .
Politicians now tell us “ they hate you , ” as former NYC Mayor Rudy Guiliani did during his campaign .
It ’s US vs. THEM !!!
Bombarded by this for decades , Americans think this myth is reality and do n’t want to leave the States .
People always ask me why I want to leave the US to travel .
Is n’t the US just as good ?
” No one likes us out there , ” people say .
To Americans , the world is a scary place , and it ’s a perception only reinforced by the media and politicians .
Finally , it ’s because of cultural ignorance .
Yes , I said it — Americans are ignorant .
Ignorant as in they simply do n’t know what is going on outside their own borders , not that they ’re dumb .
I do n’t blame them , really .
When you ’re told the world is scary , why would you want to care about it ?
Why would you want to go to places where they supposedly want to kill you ?
So Americans do n’t put an emphasis on learning about the world .
We do n’t take languages , we avoid overseas programs , and we do n’t talk about our world in schools .
Our schools teach one foreign language : Spanish , and that ’s only because there ’s a large Spanish - speaking population in the country , not because we want to go to Spain — or Mexico right next door .
The media does n’t focus on the world unless it relates to something bad , and our politicians encourage us to erect walls , not break down barriers .
Some people argue that it ’s because America is “ far ” from the rest of the world , as if there ’s an insurmountable distance to go to get places .
However , New Zealand is farther geographically from everything , yet New Zealanders are encouraged to go out and explore the world .
In the age of the Internet , Twitter , YouTube , and airplanes , it ’s easy to go places .
Distance is no excuse .
Americans do n’t travel because of culture , not location .
Sure , it ’s not universal .
There are plenty of Americans out there exploring the world and breaking down cultural barriers .
They come back , dispel myths , and encourage their friends to become more aware of the world .
But even in the more liberal places in America , you see the attitude that America is the world ’s only safe country and that most of the world is pretty scary .
Americans have an image of the world that is totally divorced from reality .
The sad irony is that we created the world we are so afraid of .
America ’s push for a globalized world brought many players onto the stage .
It helped the Chinese dragon emerge from its cage , brought India into the game , helped Brazil ’s economy grow , and tore down communism .
Now , we look at the world and are terrified that we no longer understand it or our place in it .
Instead of trying to learn more , we erect barriers and bury our heads in the sand .
Yet , I am hopeful .
The future of the world requires more integration , and young Americans growing up in this post - 9/11 environment are actually more interested in learning about other countries than shunning them .
They want to travel and explore the world .
I think the future will be bright , as long as political leaders do n’t wall us off completely before then .
For more about why American ’s do n’t travel , here are a couple follow - up articles I wrote a couple of years after this one :
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) --
Wildfires driven by hurricane - strength winds tore through Southern California on Saturday for the second day in a row , destroying hundreds of homes , displacing thousands of people and forcing freeway closures and rotating blackouts .
More high winds
Saturday night could continue to hamper efforts to contain at least four fires in Los Angeles , Santa Barbara and Orange counties , officials said .
More than 10,000 people have been forced to flee their homes in the northern San Fernando Valley , and 8,000 acres of land have been scorched by the Sayre fire since it began Friday night .
Five firefighters have received minor injuries .
The brush - fueled Sayre fire erupted late Friday in the steep terrain of the Angeles National Forest on the outskirts of Sylmar , about 20 miles north of downtown Los Angeles .
It is named for the street where it was first spotted .
As of Saturday evening , fire officials said , about 20 percent of the fire had been contained .
Wind gusts up to 80 mph combined with low humidity and unseasonably high temperatures fueled the fires .
At least 5,000 residents of Sylmar were ordered to flee early Saturday .
Since then , at least 500 mobile homes at the Oakridge Mobile Home Park near Sylmar and 165 homes were destroyed and at least 1,000 more were threatened .
See images from the Sylmar fire »
Authorities said it 's too soon to tell whether anyone was killed at the Oakridge Mobile Home Park .
Police and fire personnel worked to drag one elderly woman from the park as flames were tearing into it , according to L.A. Police Chief William Bratton .
Deputy Police Chief Michael
Moore said that extreme heat and other dangers have made it impossible for search - and - rescue teams to work their way through the mobile home park .
They plan to investigate Sunday , he said .
Augustine Reyes and his family left their home in Sylmar about 2 a.m.
Saturday when they could no longer stand the oppressive heat and smoke encroaching from the hills behind their home .
When Reyes returned to survey the scene Saturday afternoon , all that remained were heaps of charred rubble .
Watch Reyes discuss his difficult loss »
Reyes dabbed his eyes with a bandana as he worried over how to describe the loss to his 7 - year - old son .
Do n't Miss iReport.com : Fire burns in California hills
Fire burns in California hills
Recent fire comes close to treasured art collection
Recent fire comes close to treasured art collection More than 100 homes burned in California blaze
" He 's autistic and does n't do well with change , so this is going to be very hard to explain to him , " Reyes said .
The raging wildfires were moving ½ mph to 1 mph , said Los Angeles Fire Department Deputy Fire Chief Mario Rueda , forcing the closures of most freeways in the valley , including Interstates 5 , 405 and 210 .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency for Los Angeles County on Saturday afternoon , one day after he made the same move in nearby Santa Barbara County .
By Saturday afternoon , the Tea fire , named after its suspected place of origin in Santa Barbara County , was about 40 percent contained after destroying more than 100 homes and burning 1,800 acres since Thursday in the upscale community of Montecito .
A 98 - year - old man with pre-existing medical problems who was evacuated to a hotel died Friday , though medical officials said it may be impossible to determine whether the move caused his death .
South of Los Angeles , a brush fire that began in Corona has moved into Yorba Linda , destroying at least 265 apartments and homes and scorching 800 to 1,000 acres , according to CNN affiliate KTLA .
The blaze started about 9 a.m. north of California Highway 91 in Corona .
Strong and erratic winds quickly fanned to flames , initiating the evacuations of at least 14,000 people from the area and engulfing entire apartment buildings in flames , KTLA reported .
A second fire is also making its way through Orange County .
In Los Angeles , Villaraigosa declared a city emergency early Saturday morning and called for the public 's cooperation in conserving energy as potential blackouts loomed .
The fire threatened high - voltage transmission lines along southern California 's Interstate 5 , causing the utility company that serves Los Angeles to orchestrate rotating power outages in some districts for nearly an hour Saturday .
The I - 5 corridor through Sylmar is a major utility corridor carrying power to the city 's Department of Water and Power and other utilities from plants in the Southwest and Pacific Northwest .
" The LADWP turned off these lines to ensure the safety of firefighters and the public , " the utility said on its Web site .
Power was turned off to the Mid-City , Crenshaw and Harbor Gateway neighborhoods for 45 minutes .
The Sayre fire jumped I - 5 Saturday as it headed west toward areas burned last month by the Sesnon fire in Porter Ranch .
By Saturday afternoon , people were taking refuge in evacuation shelters set up in three high schools in the area , officials said .
Horses and other large animals were being taken to a makeshift shelter in Hansen Dam Park .
A mobile kennel was set up at Sylmar High School , and small pets can be taken to the Mission animal shelter .
Residents in the Granada Hills and Puerto Ranch communities were among those ordered to leave their homes Saturday , said Deputy Los Angeles Police Chief Michel Moore .
" This fire is moving so quickly that they can't wait , " Moore said , warning residents not to wait until they see flames to get out .
John Tripp of the Los Angeles County Fire Department said his department was contributing bulldozers , hand crews and water - dropping helicopters to the firefighting effort .
A dozen helicopters and six fixed - wing planes were to be available by Sunday morning , he said .
Watch expensive real estate go up in flames »
Tripp said firefighters were trying to stay in front of the fire and create control lines , especially to keep it from spreading farther north toward Santa Clarita .
Twenty - five strike teams , equal to 125 engines , were being used , he said .
CNN 's Kara Finnstrom contributed to this report .
All About Wildfires • Antonio Villaraigosa • Los Angeles County • Santa Barbara County
Acknowledging that gas is more expensive than it used to be , and that some people are kinda freaked out by it , these 10 simple gas - saving tips have been shared by the folks at Ford as part of their push for " eco-driving . "
But while the tips are easy - to - follow for most people in everyday driving situations , some of us need to make exceptions .
We 've amended each of Ford 's tips with some damn good reasons why you should ignore them .
Hit the jump for more .
Advertisement
1. Slow down and watch speed - Drive 55 miles per hour instead of 65 to save fuel .
The EPA estimates a 10 - 15 percent improvement in fuel economy by following this tip .
Also , aim for a constant speed .
Pumping the accelerator sends more fuel into the engine .
Using cruise control whenever possible on the highway helps maintain speeds and conserve fuel .
Exception :
You 're in a hurry because you have places to be and better things to do than drone along in the slow lane , not to mention the speed limit on the highway is 70 MPH and if you did drive 55 , you 'd likely be paying more to have your rear bumper replaced than you would ever save in fuel costs .
[ image ]
2 . Accelerate and brake smoothly - Accelerating smoothly from a stop and braking softly conserves fuel .
Fast starts , weaving in and out of traffic and hard braking wastes fuel and wears out some of the car components , such as brakes and tires , more quickly .
Maintain a safe distance between vehicles and anticipate traffic conditions to allow for more time to brake and accelerate gradually .
Exception :
The idiots on the road during your commute cut you off for no reason , and when you do finally get off the expressway of death , the pedestrians and cyclists in the city are all suicidal maniacs .
You 'd like to go easy on the brakes and just ram into them , but manslaughter does n't appeal to you .
3 . No idling - Today 's engines do n't need a warm up .
Start the car immediately and gently drive away .
Do n't leave your car idling .
Prolonged idling increases emissions and wastes fuel .
Turn the engine off in non-traffic situations , such as at bank and fast food drive - up windows , when idling more than 30 seconds .
Exception :
You car does n't have one of these magical " today 's engines . "
If you do n't warm it up , you leave a cloud of blue smoke in front of your house so thick that the vegetation in your front lawn dies off .
4 . Check your tires - Keep tires properly inflated to the recommended tire pressure .
This alone can reduce the average amount of fuel use by 3 - 4 percent .
Under - inflated tires increase rolling resistance and reduce fuel economy .
They also wear more rapidly .
Check the vehicle 's door - post sticker for minimum cold tire inflation pressure .
Exception :
You 're drag racing your muscle car , so you take some pressure out of the rears .
Perhaps you 're rock - crawling or sand dune - climbing in your Jeep , so you need to let pressure out of all fours .
Maybe your junky old beater wo n't go down the road straight unless you 've got the front left tire 5 PSI lower than the right side .
Advertisement
5 . Be kind to your vehicle - Maintain proper engine tune - up to keep vehicles running efficiently .
Keep the wheels aligned .
Wheels that are fighting each other waste fuel .
Replace air filters as recommended .
Use a fuel with good detergent additives to keep the vehicle engine clean and performing efficiently .
Always consult the Owner 's Manual for proper maintenance .
Exception : Your car is a $ 500 lump of metal held together by zip - ties and drunken welding .
Your idea of proper maintenance is opening up the distributor and taking a blow - dryer to the points on humid days .
Your suspension is falling apart , so the alignment varies based on how hard you took that last corner .
Your air filter is a piece of wire mesh .
It 's not worth it to be nice to this beast .
6 . Travel light - Avoid piling a lot of luggage on the roof rack .
The added frontal area reduces aerodynamics and will hurt fuel economy , reducing it by as much as 5 percent .
Remove excess weight from the vehicle .
Unnecessary weight , such as unneeded items in the trunk , makes the engine work harder and consumes more fuel .
Exception :
You have 5 people going on a cross-country vacation in your midsize car .
On top of that , you 've decided to go tent camping each night rather than staying in hotels .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
7. Minimize use of heater and air conditioning - Use heating and air conditioning selectively to reduce the load on the engine .
Decreasing your usage of the air conditioner when temperatures are above 80 degrees can help you save 10 - 15 percent of fuel .
Use the vent setting as much as possible .
Park in the shade to keep car cool and reduce the need for air conditioning .
Exception :
It 's swelteringly scorching outside and you really do n't want to have your entire back drenched with perspiration , so you need the air conditioning on .
Or perhaps it 's numbingly frigid outside and you really do n't want to experience what frostbite is like , so you need the heater on .
[ image ]
Advertisement
8 . Close windows at high speeds -
Do n't drive with the windows open unless you keep your speed under 50 mph .
Driving with the windows open at highways speeds increases aerodynamic drag on the vehicle and lowers fuel economy .
Exception :
The air conditioning in your beater has long been broken .
The two remaining settings on your climate control are " hot air screaming out of the vents " and " hot air seeping out from the dashboard . "
If you do n't open the window , it is only a matter of time before you die of heat stroke .
Not to mention that you can't holla ' at the ladies through a sheet of glass .
[ image ]
Advertisement
9 . Choose the right oil - Use good quality , energy - conserving EC oils with the viscosity grade recommended in the Owner 's Manual .
Look for cans marked with the symbol ECII , which is the American Society of Testing Materials logo for fuel - efficient oils .
Exception : Your car self - changes its oil by leaking and burning so much that you just pour in a quart of fresh oil every week or so .
You save money by buying the cheapest generic oil you can find .
Not to mention your car has so many miles that if you use anything thinner than 15W - 50 , you can practically hear the piston rings grinding , so the viscosity recommended in the manual just wo n't cut it .
10 . Consolidate trips - Plan ahead to consolidate your trips .
This will enable you to bypass congested routes , lead to less idling , fewer start - ups and less stop - and - go traffic .
Whenever feasible , share a ride and / or carpool .
Exception : Your hectic schedule is constantly varying from day to day .
You have no idea where you 'll be or what you 'll be doing 5 hours from now .
You like driving alone by yourself because you need some time each day to regain some sanity .
For that matter , sometimes you go out driving for no reason at all , because — gasp — you derive tremendous pleasure from the act of driving .
[ tips via Ford ]
MVRDV and co-architects ADEPT have won a competition to design a new tower in rødovre , an independent municipality of copenhagen , denmark .
‘ sky village ’ is a 116 meter tall tower which combines single family homes and skyscraper to create a vertical village .
based on a flexible grid structure , the building is made - up of 60 m² ‘ pixels ’ or units , that are arranged around the central core of the tower and can be joined or re-designated to form larger spaces .
the lower floors of the tower accommodate a public plaza with retail , restaurants and office units , while the middle portion of the tower leans towards the north and creates a variety of sky gardens along the terraced south side of the building .
the overall shape is meant to be a reflection of copenhagen ’s historical spire and aims to blend present day high - rise buildings into the skyline of the city .
the terraced roofs create a village above the sky
reconfigurations of the ‘ pixels ’ or units all images © ADEPT architects
more
ADEPT : http://www.adeptarchitects.com
MVRDV : http://www.mvrdv.nl
—
via jetson green
Palindromed
Oh my god , someone somewhere has discovered something brilliant . [ fp ]
Not my discovery , but at the very least I can pass it on to aid in its dissemination .
It needs to be heard all across the land .
Someone running for vice president of one of the most influencial countries in thejust got their first passport ever .
Yay for America where anything can happen !
::: posted by dan at 10:58 PM ::
::
Are you all too astonished by the irony to comment , or do you not know that Wasilla is the Alaskan town where Palin was major ?
MUMBAI , India ( CNN ) --
A second Indian official offered his resignation Monday in the wake of last week 's deadly terrorist attacks as Pakistan urged its nuclear neighbor to withhold blame until further investigation .
Vilasrao Deshmukh , chief minister of the state of Maharashtra where Mumbai is located , said he would leave it up to his ruling Congress party to decide whether his resignation would be accepted .
His announcement followed Sunday 's resignation of federal Home Minister Shivraj Patil , who quit amid criticism of the response to Wednesday 's attacks that left 179 dead .
The attacks have damaged India 's already strained relationship with Pakistan , which says India has yet to offer any proof to support allegations that a Pakistani - based Islamic militant group was behind the massacre .
One captured suspect has told police that he is Pakistani , Indian officials said .
Sources told CNN 's sister station , CNN - IBN , that the captive has said he was trained by Lashkar - e - Tayyiba , a Pakistan - based terror group allied with al Qaeda .
The suspect also said he and his fellow attackers were told to memorize Google Earth maps of Mumbai 's streets so they could find their targets , CNN - IBN reported .
Watch how investigators are focusing on the suspect »
But Rehman Malik , head of Pakistan 's Interior Ministry , told CNN , " So far what has been shown has been unjust . "
" If anybody has used our soil , I give assurance and I assure my friends and people from India that we will take action , " Malik said .
In Washington , Pakistan 's ambassador to the United States said the attacks could be a chance to improve cooperation and ease " the burden of history " between the longtime South Asian rivals , who have fought three major wars since independence and conducted tit - for - tat nuclear weapons tests in 1998 .
" It 's important to avoid miscalculations .
It 's important not to ratchet up tensions .
It is important to understand that this is an opportunity for India and Pakistan to work together , " Ambassador Husain Haqqani told CNN's " Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer " on Sunday .
Police in Mumbai , located in Maharashtra state , on Monday revised downward the death toll from Wednesday 's attacks and the sieges that followed to 179 dead and about 300 wounded .
At least 28 foreigners were among the victims , including six Americans and eight Israelis .
Victims share their tales of survival and escape »
The official death toll does not include at least nine gunmen killed in three days of battles with police and the Indian military , police said Monday .
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh accepted the resignation of Patil , the home minister , and immediately named Finance Minister P. Chidambaram to take over the post , according to a source in the prime minister 's office .
Patil , whose ministry oversees internal security , had been accused of failing to improve intelligence before the attacks , said N. Ram , editor - in - chief of The Hindu , a major Indian newspaper .
" This man has been widely criticized for not being up to it and it was simply impossible that he could stay on after this , " Ram said .
Indian officials allege that in the 1990s , Lashkar - e - Tayyiba was a state - sponsored terror group used by the Pakistani government to get control of the disputed northern Kashmir region .
Pakistan banned the group in 2002 , after an attack on India 's parliament that brought the two countries to the brink of war .
The Indian government is considering suspending the five - year old cease - fire with Pakistan and perhaps even ending the dialogue process with the country , CNN - IBN reported .
Pakistani security officials also told CNN that if tensions with India escalate , it may shift its military forces from the Afghan border east to prepare for any conflict .
Pakistan 's new democratic government , which took office earlier this year , is battling its own insurgency along the rugged border with Afghanistan , where U.S. and NATO troops have been fighting al Qaeda and Taliban militants since al Qaeda 's 2001 attacks on New York and Washington .
Haqqani said the militants want India and Pakistan to remain " at each other 's throats so they can flourish , " but he said his government has seen no sign of an Indian buildup along the border .
" However , if there is any troop buildup on our eastern border , we will certainly have to take defensive positions .
And , unfortunately , that may mean bringing troops from the western border , " he said .
" We do n't want it .
We know India does n't want it .
And we know that the international community does n't want it . "
U.S. President George Bush spoke to Singh on Sunday .
Noting that U.S. citizens were among those killed , the president " said that we would all be working together , with the international community , to go after these extremists , " according to a statement from National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe .
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice was scheduled to arrive in India on Wednesday in the wake of the attacks , the White House said .
Rice was scheduled to depart Sunday night for an already scheduled trip to London , said Press Secretary Dana Perino in a statement .
Rice will attend a NATO meeting on Tuesday before traveling to India , where she is expected to arrive in New Delhi on Wednesday .
Interpol had said it would send a delegation to India to aid in the investigation .
But on Sunday , the international law enforcement agency was still waiting official permission into the country , a spokesman said .
The targets of the attacks included luxury hotels packed with foreign tourists .
The 105 - year - old Taj Mahal hotel was the site of the attackers ' final stand , as gunmen held hostages and refused to leave the facility .
The chairman of the company that owns the hotel told CNN that the company had been warned about the possibility of a terrorist attack before the massacre .
The hotel heightened security as a result , the chairman of the Tata Group and Taj Hotels , Ratan Tata , said in a taped interview with Fareed Zakaria on CNN's " GPS . "
There were indications , though , that the hotel relaxed security before the attack .
" It 's ironic that we did have such a warning and we did have some measures , " Tata said .
" People could n't park their cars in the portico where you had to go through a metal detector . "
" But if I look at what we had -- which all of us complained about -- it could not have stopped what took place .
They did n't come through that entrance , " he said .
Watch the destruction left at the hotel »
" They came from somewhere in the back .
They planned everything , " he said of the attackers .
" I believe the first thing they did , they shot a sniffer dog and his handler .
They went through the kitchen , they knew what they were doing . "
CNN 's Nic Robertson , Andrew Stevens , Mallika Kapur , Harmeet Shah Singh , Saeed Ahmed , Sara Sidner , Alessio Vinci , Reza Sayah and Paula Newton contributed to this report .
All About India • Pakistan • Mumbai • Terrorism
Puppy Cam , the camera pointed at six Shiba Inu puppies ( Autumn , Ayumi , Amaya , Aki , Akoni and Ando ) first made headlines earlier this week , and the story has continued to build since then , making headlines in the mainstream media and through out the blogosphere .
As I ’m typing this post , there ’s a staggering 23,000 people watching Puppy Cam , that ’s more people than watch the Fox Business Channel each week … and why would n’t they .
Puppies…very , very cute puppies , and I ’ve been one of the regular watchers .
Who can resist :-)
If you have n’t had your dose of cute Shiba Inu puppies yet , here ’s the stream :
LIVE CHAT ( 8:30 am to 5:30 pm )
CUSTOMER CARE
:+353-91-745100
Or use our free call back service
Let us get back to you , Monday to Friday from 8.30 am. to 5.30 . pm. GMT
Please leave your name and number .
Mandatory *
Is Consulting the Business Model for Free Software ?
by Ostatic Staff - Mar. 17 , 2008
One of the biggest questions that people often have about open - source software is , " If I do n't pay for this , then how do the developers make money ? "
The standard answer to this question is that the developers can make money from consulting services .
That is , the author of an open - source package can release the program for free , and then charge people to maintain and extend it .
There is some logic to this : Programmers know that the real trouble with software is not necessarily writing it , but rather debugging , maintaining , and extending it .
I 'm not aware of any program which is considered " feature - complete , " meaning that it contains all of the features that you might ever want .
Even when the program itself is completely extensible , and includes a programming language that allows the user to change almost everything -- as in the cases of GNU Emacs ( which can be extended via Emacs Lisp ) and Microsoft Office ( which can be modified using VBA ) , we still expect to see new releases of the program .
Even when a program has an enormous number of features , there 's always more to be done , and more to be added .
Which means that even if customers pay for programming as a service , rather than as a product , there is still a lot of money to be made .
At least , this is the logic behind the business strategy of many open - source companies :
The programs themselves might be free of charge , and released under an open - source license .
But they can make money by charging for support and services .
Red Hat , for example , cannot charge for its software ; after all , you can download and install everything from a Red Hat Linux distribution without paying for it .
But only paying customers have access to Red Hat 's update service , which allows system administrators to be confident that the latest and greatest version of Linux is running on their system .
You do n't have to pay Red Hat in order to get these updates , but even $ 500 / year represents savings when compared with the time and effort that a system administrator would need to spend tracking and updating each of these packages .
The other revenue model for open - source companies is that of software consulting .
Red
Hat has tried its hand at this over the years , buying ( and then sometimes selling ) a variety of different companies that worked with open - source systems .
This strategy , while well intentioned , has had mixed results ; their purchase of ArsDigita , and their work on the " Red Hat Database " ( really a relabeled version of PostgreSQL ) did n't survive for very long .
One of Red Hat 's biggest purchases on this front was JBoss , which made an open - source J2EE application server .
Red
Hat bought them in 2006 for $ 420 million , and has since used JBoss to strengthen its hand in the enterprise consulting market .
The basic idea is that Red Hat wo n't charge companies for the software , but can command a handsome consulting fee for implementing applications based on JBoss .
Consulting might not pay as well as a software product , but it can still make for a profitable business , particularly if they can successfully charge high rates .
( We 'll see what happens as the US continues to lurch into a recession ; during the dot - com bust , many consulting companies found themselves in trouble , as companies laid off consultants along with employees . )
Last week , Red Hat announced that they had acquired another company , Amentra , which offers JBoss consulting .
In so doing , Red Hat indicated that they were looking to move even more heavily into the world of services , and that they see this as a central pillar of their business model .
Whether Amentra will give Red Hat the expertise that it needs , and whether companies are truly interested in JBoss despite the growth of scirpting languages such as Ruby and PHP , remains to be seen .
But at least for now , it seems as though there is an answer to that age - old question about free software :
Yes , you can make money from it , so long as you can find someone who needs it serviced and maintained .
Do you think consulting is a workable business model for open sourcers ?
Mouseover any title above for more info !
( Titles in bold are currently updating with new comics regularly , the rest are either completed or update infrequently . )
This blog is about uniting sexual and gender minorities in the fight for equality .
We are about calling out those who discriminate , boycotting and protesting against those that seek to destroy our lives , and showing appreciation and support for those who have been allied with us in our fight for true liberation .
It is without doubt that lesbian , gay , and bisexual people are fighting for genuine rights , such as the right to marry , adopt , serve openly in the military , donate blood , and be free from discrimination and hate .
Likewise the transgender movement is about creating acceptance for gender diversity , obtaining the rights listed above and in addition fighting to change the notion that gender identity variance is a " disorder " make sure sex re-assignment is affordable , safe , and approved .
There are also efforts to make the process to change the birth certificate , passport , license , etc to reflect the new gender identity of the individual .
The intersex movement does not have to fight for medical care in the same way the transgender community does , instead they are fighting against childhood genital mutilation of intersex babies .
They are also on a mission to create awareness , advocacy , and acceptance of third gendered people .
That leaves us with one group under the queer umbrella that begs to question if it is indeed a civil rights movement .
Asexuality is a legitimate sexual orientation , one that needs awareness and understanding within society .
The question is , will there be an asexual rights movement and what would the fight be for ?
Some things to consider about the current movement and status of asexuality :
- It is newly organized and just beginning to receive publicity , due to the internet people are learning about and coming out as asexual and / or questioning .
- There is a division within the movement over whether asexuality falls under the queer umbrella and whether it should be added on to the LGBTQ acronym .
- Asexuality is not being taught in sex -ed or in books with regards to human sexuality .
- There is a complete lack of resources available for an asexual or questioning asexual person .
- Laws which mandate marriages be consummated are discriminatory against asexual couples .
- The Diagnostic Statistical Manual of the American Psychiatric Association lists asexuality as " Hypoactive Sexual Desire isorder "
- Asexuals who are lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender , and / or intersex face additional struggles and lack of equal rights .
Those points being noted , do you think that asexuality is the next battle on the civil rights front ?
Is this a battle for some degree of equal rights and recognition or more a battle for acceptance and understanding ?
Sour Cream - Chocolate Cake with Peanut Butter Frosting and Chocolate - Peanut Butter Glaze
Adapted , only barely , from Sky High : Irresistable Triple - Layer Cakes
This cake is INTENSE .
Serve it in the thinnest slices possible , and keep a glass of milk handy .
Makes an 8 - inch triple - layer cake ; serves 12 to 16 ( the book says , I say a heck of a lot more )
2 cups ( 250 grams ) all - purpose flour
2 1/2 cups ( 500 grams ) sugar
3/4 cup ( about 65 grams ) unsweetened cocoa powder , preferably Dutch process
2 teaspoons baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
1 cup ( 235 ml ) neutral vegetable oil , such as canola , soybean or vegetable blend
1 cup ( 240 grams ) sour cream
1 1/2 ( 355 ml ) cups water
2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 large eggs
1/2 cup coarsely chopped peanut brittle ( I skipped this )
1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottoms and sides of three 8 - inch round cakepans .
Line the bottom of each pan with a round of parchment or waxed paper and butter the paper .
2 . Sift the flour , sugar , cocoa powder , baking soda , and salt into a large bowl .
Whisk to combine them well .
Add the oil and sour cream and whisk to blend .
Gradually beat in the water .
Blend in the vinegar and vanilla .
Whisk in the eggs and beat until well blended .
Scrape down the sides of the bowl and be sure the batter is well mixed .
Divide among the 3 prepared cake pans .
3 . Bake for 30 to 35 minutes , or until a cake tester or wooden toothpick inserted in the center comes out almost clean .
Let cool in the pans for about 20 minutes .
Invert onto wire racks , carefully peel off the paper liners , and let cool completely .
( Deb note :
These cakes are very , very soft .
I found them a lot easier to work with after firming them up in the freezer for 30 minutes .
They ’ll defrost quickly once assembled .
You ’ll be glad you did this , trust me . )
4 . To frost the cake , place one layer , flat side up , on a cake stand or large serving plate .
Spread 2/3 cup cup of the Peanut Butter Frosting evenly over the top .
Repeat with the next layer .
Place the last layer on top and frost the top and sides of the cake with the remaining frosting .
( Deb note 1 : Making a crumb coat of frosting–a thin layer that binds the dark crumbs to the cake so they do n’t show up in the final outer frosting layer –is a great idea for this cake , or any with a dark cake and lighter - colored frosting .
Once you “ mask ” your cake , let it chill for 15 to 30 minutes until firm , then use the remainder of the frosting to create a smooth final coating .
Deb note 2 : Once the cake is fully frosted , it helps to chill it again and let it firm up .
The cooler and more set the peanut butter frosting is , the better drip effect you ’ll get from the Chocolate - Peanut Butter Glaze . )
5 . To decorate with the Chocolate–Peanut Butter Glaze , put the cake plate on a large baking sheet to catch any drips .
Simply pour the glaze over the top of the cake , and using an offset spatula , spread it evenly over the top just to the edges so that it runs down the sides of the cake in long drips .
Refrigerate , uncovered , for at least 30 minutes to allow the glaze and frosting to set completely .
Remove about 1 hour before serving .
Decorate the top with chopped peanut brittle .
Peanut Butter Frosting
Makes about 5 cups
10 ounces ( 285 grams ) cream cheese , at room temperature
1 stick ( 115 grams , 4 ounces or 1/2 cup ) unsalted butter , at room temperature
5 cups ( 600 grams ) confectioners ’ sugar , sifted
2/3 cup ( 170 grams ) smooth peanut butter , preferably a commercial brand ( because oil does n’t separate out )
1 . In a large bowl with an electric mixer , beat the cream cheese and butter until light and fluffy .
Gradually add the confectioners ’ sugar 1 cup at a time , mixing thoroughly after each addition and scraping down the sides of the bowl often .
Continue to beat on medium speed until light and fluffy , 3 to 4 minutes .
2 . Add the peanut butter and beat until thoroughly blended .
Chocolate - Peanut Butter Glaze
Makes about 1 1/2 cups
8 ounces ( 225 grams ) semisweet chocolate , coarsely chopped
3 tablespoons ( 50 grams ) smooth peanut butter
2 tablespoons ( 40 grams ) light corn syrup , honey or golden syrup
1/2 cup ( 120 ml ) half - and - half
1 . In the top of a double boiler or in a bowl set over simmering water , combine the chocolate , peanut butter , and corn syrup .
Cook , whisking often , until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth .
2. Remove from the heat and whisk in the half - and - half , beating until smooth .
Use while still warm .
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
Today , millions of Americans are traveling to spend Thanksgiving Day with their loved ones .
But for the astronauts currently aboard the International Space Station , going home for the holiday is n’t an option .
The station will host a Thanksgiving meal of its own , but while we ’ve come a long way from the powders and edible goo of early spaceflight , the irradiated turkey and freeze - dried beans are a far cry from home cooking .
When John Glenn first when into space , the sustanance astronauts were expected to eat could hardly be considered food : pastes , cubes , and powders provided the necessary protein and vitamins , but were found universally unpalatable .
Although the food options more closely resemble what you ’d find on Earth , foods sent into space still need to be pre-cooked , preserved , and rendered bacteria free .
And the relationship between NASA ’s Thanksgiving dinner and the traditional feast are largely superficial :
For the Thanksgiving dinner , the smoked turkey was irradiated and the green beans and dressing were freeze - dried , a form of dehydration .
The candied yams and dessert were heated .
A week before Thanksgiving , NASA gave reporters a taste - test of the astronauts ' holiday dinner .
The smoked turkey was slightly stiffer than deli meat , like after it has been left in the refrigerator a week past its expiration date .
The candied yams had a syrupy sweetness outside that dissolved into blandness in the middle .
The green beans with mushrooms tasted like they have been frozen and then microwaved to an inch of their life .
The saving grace was a sublime cranapple dessert .
There was a tartness to the apples and sweetness to the cranberries mixed with pecans and syrup in a dish that resembles cobbler filling .
Advertisement
The crew of the space shuttle Endeavour , which is currently docked at the Space Station brought the meal with them along with them the station ’s first - ever food refrigerator , so the occupants might enjoy another Thanksgiving tradition : leftovers .
[ Discovery News ]
Turnout is now also greatly related to experience in life .
Turnout rates have always been lowest among young people ; perhaps this is why there was relatively little opposition in the early 1970s to lowering the voting age to eighteen .
But not even the most pessimistic analysts could have foreseen the record - low participation rates of Generation X , as shown in the following census findings on age and turnout :
The low turnout among young voters today is paradoxical given that they are one of the best - educated generations in American history .
Even those who have made it to college are expressing remarkably little concern for politics .
Chelsea Clinton 's class of 2001 recently set a new record for political apathy among college freshmen : only 27 percent said that keeping up with politics was an important priority for them , as opposed to 58 percent of the class of 1970 , with whom Bill and Hillary Clinton attended college .
Of course , Chelsea 's classmates have not seen government encroach on their lives as it did on the lives of their parents -- through the Vietnam War and the draft .
Nor has any policy affected them as directly as Medicare has affected their grandparents .
It is noteworthy that senior citizens are actually voting at higher rates today than when Medicare was first starting up .
Political scientists used to write that the frailties of old age led to a decline in turnout after age sixty ; now such a decline occurs only after eighty .
The greater access of today 's seniors to medical care must surely be given some credit for this change .
Who says that politics does n't make a difference ?
Yet it is difficult to persuade people who have channel surfed all their lives that politics really does matter .
Chelsea 's generation is the first in the age of television to grow up with narrowcasting rather than broadcasting .
When CBS , NBC , and ABC dominated the airwaves , their blanket coverage of presidential speeches , political conventions , and presidential debates sometimes left little else to watch on TV .
But as channels have proliferated , it has become much easier to avoid exposure to politics altogether .
Whereas President Richard Nixon got an average rating of 50 for his televised addresses to the nation , President Clinton averaged only about 30 in his first term .
Political conventions , which once received more TV coverage than the Summer Olympics , have been relegated to an hour per night and draw abysmal ratings .
In sum , young people today have never known a time when most citizens paid attention to major political events .
As a result , most of them have yet to get into the habit of voting .
The revolutionary expansion of channels and Web sites anticipated in the near future is likely to worsen this state of affairs , especially for today 's youth .
Political junkies will certainly find more political information available than ever before , but with so many outlets for so many specific interests , it will also be extraordinarily easy to avoid public - affairs news altogether .
The result could well be further inequality of political information , with avid followers of politics becoming ever more knowledgeable while the rest of the public slips deeper into political apathy .
This year 's expected low turnout may not be the bottom of the barrel .
( CNN ) -- Barack Obama told supporters that " change has come to America " as he claimed victory in a historic presidential election .
Sen . Barack Obama addresses a crowd of 125,000 people in Chicago , Illinois .
more photos »
" The road ahead will be long .
Our climb will be steep .
We may not get there in one year or even one term , but America -- I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there .
I promise you -- we as a people will get there , " Obama said in Chicago , Illinois , before an estimated crowd of up to 240,000 people .
With Obama 's projected win , he will become the first African - American to win the White House .
Obama had an overwhelming victory over Sen. John McCain , who pledged Tuesday night to help Obama lead .
Watch Obama pay tribute to McCain »
" Today , I was a candidate for the highest office in the country I love so much , and tonight , I remain her servant , " McCain said .
McCain called Obama to congratulate him , and Obama told the Arizona senator he was eager to sit down and talk about how the two of them can work together .
President Bush also called Obama to offer his congratulations .
Bush told Obama he was about to begin one of the great journeys of his life , and invited him to visit the White House as soon as it could be arranged , according to White House spokeswoman Dana Perino .
Obama will be working with a heavily Democratic Congress .
Democrats picked up Senate seats in New Hampshire , New Jersey , North Carolina and Virginia , among others .
Read about the Senate races
" While the Democratic Party has won a great victory tonight , we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress , " Obama said .
Watch more on the balance of power »
Flanked by American flags , Obama told the roaring crowd , " This is your victory . "
" To those Americans whose support I have yet to earn -- I may not have won your vote , but I hear your voices , I need your help , and I will be your president too , " he said .
Watch Obama tell voters ' all things are possible ' »
Supporters in Chicago cheering , " Yes , we can " were met with cries of " Yes , we did . "
More than 1,000 people gathered outside of the White House , chanting " Obama , Obama ! "
Sen . Hillary Clinton , Obama 's former rival for the Democratic nomination , said in a statement that " we are celebrating an historic victory for the American people . "
iReport.com : Share your Election Day reaction with CNN
" This was a long and hard fought campaign but the result was well worth the wait .
Together , under the leadership of President Barack Obama , Vice President Joe Biden and a Democratic Congress , we will chart a better course to build a new economy and rebuild our leadership in the world . "
Sen .
Ted Kennedy said Americans " spoke loud and clear " in electing Obama .
" They understood his vision of a fairer and more just America and embraced it .
They heard his call for a new generation of Americans to participate in government and were inspired .
They believed that change is possible and voted to be part of America 's future , " the Massachusetts senator said in a statement .
As results came in Tuesday night , Obama picked up early wins in Pennsylvania and Ohio -- states considered must - wins for McCain .
Obama also won Virginia , a state that has not voted for a Democratic president since 1964 .
Going into the election , national polls showed Obama with an 8 - point lead .
Voters expressed excitement and pride in their country after casting their ballots in the historic election .
Poll workers reported high turnout across many parts of the country , and some voters waited hours to cast their ballots .
Read about election problems
Tuesday marks the end of the longest presidential campaign season in U.S. history -- 21 months .
Obama , 47 , will now begin his transition to the White House .
He will be sworn in at the 44th president on January 20 , 2009 .
All About U.S. Presidential Election • Elections and Voting
Max Blumenthal at The Daily Beast :
On Wednesday , I reported for The Daily Beast that key leaders of the white supremacist movement are seeking new opportunities to infiltrate and influence the political mainstream , particularly within the Republican base .
An exclusive new video , shown here for the first time , offers new evidence of their strategic push .
In the video , shot by an amateur videographer ( available here ) who provided me exclusive access to his footage , an unidentified staffer from one of the country ’s most popular white supremacist radio programs , The Political Cesspool , is seen promoting his show ’s website at an October 13 rally for Sarah Palin in Virginia Beach , Virginia .
Just feet away , Randall Terry , founder of the anti-abortion group Operation Rescue , hands out fliers and recruits volunteers to canvas for McCain - Palin .
Though neither Political Cesspool nor Randall Terry have any known contact with the McCain - Palin campaign , their presence at the recent Palin rally presents one of the clearest portraits yet of the far right ’s attempts to exploit the Republican base ’s anti-Obama resentment for organizational gain .
According to its " Statement of Principles , " the Political Cesspool " represent[s ] a philosophy that is pro-White " and which " heartily endorse[s ] and accept[s ] as our own , the founding tenets of the Council of Conservative Citizens [ CCC ] , " America ’s largest white supremacist group .
A 2007 article in the Southern Poverty Law Center 's Intelligence Report noted that , “ The Political Cesspool ' in the past two years has become the primary radio nexus of hate in America . ”
Russia 's armed forces have launched a counter - terrorist operation in the Caucasus region of Ingushetia after an attack on a convoy of Interior Ministry troops .
State - controlled Russian news agencies reported that two soldiers had died but a regional law enforcement source said 40 were killed in the attack , making it the most deadly in a recent series of attacks on troops in Ingushetia , a small territory bordering Chechnya .
" The soldiers did n't even manage to resist , because several rocket - propelled grenades hit their trucks , " the source said , adding that three armoured personnel carriers and two trucks were hit by automatic rifle fire and grenades .
All but one soldier travelling in the convoy were killed , the source said .
News agencies quoted a spokesman for the region 's Interior Ministry as saying two soldiers had been killed and five wounded .
The agencies reported that one armoured personnel carrier and two trucks had been damaged in the shooting .
RIA Novosti quoted the regional prosecutor , Yuri Turygin , as saying the attack was carried out by as many as 20 fighters from Chechnya and Ingushetia .
A spokesman for the Ingushetian Interior Ministry said earlier that a convoy came under fire near the village of Muzhichi , about 25 km east of the regional capital Nazran , but was unable to confirm casualties .
Troops were checking vehicles at the border with Chechnya .
A Muzhichi resident , reached by telephone , said troops had barricaded the village and were checking passports while two helicopters circled overhead .
An opposition website , which moved from ingushetiya .ru to ingushetia.org several weeks after its former owner , Magomed Yevloyev , was shot in the head while in police custody , said the toll was higher and troops were killed in two separate attacks .
Around 50 soldiers were killed in the first attack , while one survived with serious head wounds , the website said .
Two more were killed when another convoy , sent to reinforce the first , came under attack , it said .
- Reuters
MobiusTrend
HONG KONG , Sept. 30 , 2020 ( GLOBE NEWSWIRE ) --
With the advent of the technological era , technology has now been fully integrated into our lives .
The traces of science and technology can be seen ...
( Natural News )
The Bush administration has committed war crimes in Afghanistan , Iraq and Guantanamo Bay in its practice of torturing prisoners , according to the conclusions of a medical examination conducted by the organization Physicians for Human Rights .
" After years of disclosures by government investigations , media accounts , and reports from human rights organizations , there is no longer any doubt as to whether the current administration has committed war crimes , " wrote retired Maj.
Gen. Antonio Taguba in the preface to the report .
" The only question that remains to be answered is whether those who ordered the use of torture will be held to account .
Taguba was the general who led the investigation of allegations of prisoner abuse at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq .
After releasing a report documenting the torture performed there , Taguba was forced out of the army .
In the new report , titled " Broken Laws , Broken Lives : Medical Evidence of Torture by US Personnel and Its Impact , " physicians examined 11 former prisoners who claimed they had been subjected to torture by their U.S. captors .
It was the first study to medically document first - hand accounts of torture " based on internationally accepted standards for clinical assessment of torture claims , " the human rights group said .
The report " tells the largely untold human story of what happened to detainees in our custody when the Commander - in - Chief and those under him authorized a systematic regime of torture , " Taguba writes in the preface .
" This story is not only written in words , it is scrawled for the rest of these individuals ' lives on their bodies and minds .
Our national honor is stained by the indignity and inhumane treatment these men received from their captors .
"
The torture suffered by the former prisoners was not the result of a few decisions by lower - ranking soldiers , Taguba said , but of a policy that came straight out of the White House and of doctors and psychologists who colluded with torturers .
"
In order for these individuals to suffer the wanton cruelty to which they were subjected , a government policy was promulgated to the field whereby the Geneva Conventions and the Uniform Code of Military Justice were disregarded , " he writes .
" The UN Convention Against Torture was indiscriminately ignored .
And the healing professions , including physicians and psychologists , became complicit in the willful infliction of harm against those the Hippocratic Oath demands they protect . " " Through the experiences of these men in Iraq , Afghanistan and Guantanamo Bay , we can see the full scope of the damage this illegal and unsound policy has inflicted , " he said .
The 121 - page report documents medical evidence that the 11 prisoners examined had been subjected to beatings , shackling , involuntary medication , sleep deprivation , electric shock , sexual humiliation , anal rape , threats to their families and other forms of deliberate physical and psychological abuse .
" We found clear physical and psychological evidence of torture and abuse , often causing lasting suffering , " medical evaluator Dr. Allen Keller said .
The Bush administration has repeatedly denied allegations that the U.S. tortures detainees .
Four of the men had been captured in or near Afghanistan between late 2001 and early 2003 before being transferred to Guantanamo Bay ; seven had been captured in Iraq in 2003 .
All the men were eventually released without charge .
Before their release , however , the report concludes that all were subjected to various forms of torture that " often occurred in combination over a long period of time .
" Although the examination of 11 specific former prisoners did not allow the study 's authors to make conclusions about the treatment of U.S. detainees in general , they noted that their findings were consistent with those of prior investigations .
Because of this , it is " reasonable to conclude that these detainees were not the only ones abused , but are representative of a much larger number of detainees subjected to torture and ill treatment while in U.S. custody .
" One of the former prisoners examined by physicians was an Iraqi man in his mid-40s , identified in the report as " Laith . "
The examination concluded that he had been subjected to electric shock and sleep deprivation , and that he and his family had been threatened with sexual assault .
" They took off even my underwear .
They asked me to do some movements that make me look in a very bad way so they can take photographs .
... they were trying to make me look like an animal , " Laith said .
" And they asked me , ' have you ever heard voices of women in this prison ? '
I answered , ' yes . '
They were saying , ' then you will hear your mothers and sisters when we are raping them . '" " Laith appears to have suffered severe and lasting physical and psychological injuries as a result of his arrest and incarceration at Abu Ghraib prison , " the report concluded .
Another case was that of " Youssef , " detained while trying to cross the border from Pakistan into Afghanistan without a passport .
He was taken to an Afghan prison , where he reported " being stripped naked , being intimidated by dogs , being hooded and being thrown against the wall on repeated occasions . "
He was then transferred to Guantanamo Bay , where he was forced to lie on the floor with his hands tied to his feet behind him , while interrogators demanded that he confess to being involved with the Taliban .
Physicians for human rights called on the U.S. government to formally apologize to all people who it had detained and tortured since autumn 2001 .
It further demanded that the Bush administration " repudiate all forms of torture and cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment " ; establish an independent committee to investigate the cases and conditions of those detained at U.S. prisons in Iraq , Afghanistan and Guantanamo Bay ; carefully monitor conditions at all U.S. - operated prisons ; and hold torturers accountable .
" These men deserve justice as required under the tenets of international law and the United States Constitution , " Taguba said .
" And so do the American people .
" Sources for this story include : blogs.usatoday.com ; blogs.abcnews.com ; brokenlives.info ; www.cnn.com
Those of you who do n't like trees very much will appreciate HP 's continuing efforts to deforest the planet by using the maximum cardboard possible when dispatching items to expectant customers .
Here 's a big box the company recently delivered to loyal Reg reader Simon Lucas , who 's based in Tokyo :
The pen is , Simon explains , to give some idea of scale .
Now , here 's what the box contained :
Yup , that 's a solitary DIMM .
Simon notes : " I was thinking of returning a faulty hard disk too , but if this is indicative of the contents - to - packaging ratio , I do n't think the doors to the office will be wide enough to accommodate the replacement parcel . "
A fair point .
It 's also possible the überparcel containing the hard disk might be strapped to a pallet for good measure . ®
A cardiac surgeon and Professor of Surgery at the University of Washington recommends avoiding the flu shot and taking vitamin D instead .
Donald Miller , MD , says “ Seventy percent of doctors do not get a flu shot . ”
Health officials say that every winter 5 – 20 percent of the population catches the flu , 200,000 people are hospitalized , and 36,000 people will die from it .
The National Vital Statistics Reports compiled by the CDC show that only 1,138 deaths a year occur due to influenza alone , and more than 34,000 of the “ 36,000 ” flu deaths are what officials estimate are “ influenza - associated ” pneumonic and cardiovascular deaths .
There is also a lack of evidence that young children benefit from flu shots .
A systematic review of 51 studies involving 260,000 children age 6 to 23 months found no evidence that the flu vaccine is any more effective than a placebo ( Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2006 ;1:CD004879 ) .
A randomized trial found that the incidence of influenza in infants whose mothers had a flu shot during their pregnancy was 4 % .
The incidence of flu in infants whose mothers did not have a flu shot was 10 % .
( NEJM 2008;359 : )
In the study , flu shots reduced the relative risk of influenza illness in infants by a seemingly impressive 63 % , yet only 6 out of 100 infants actually benefited from the shot .
The other 94 received no benefit – 4 got influenza anyway – and all are at risk from being harmed by the vaccine , particularly from the mercury , aluminum , and formaldehyde in it .
– Donald Miller , MD
Flu shots contain a number of substances which may have adverse effects on health , especially for children :
Mercury :
Two - thirds of the vaccines made for the 2008 –09 flu season contain full - dose thimerosal , an organomercury compound , 49 % mercury by weight .
It is used to disinfect the vaccine .
Each of these flu shots contain 25 micrograms of mercury , a mercury content of 50,000 part per billion , 250 times more than the Environmental Protection Agency ’s safety limit .
Mercury is a neurotoxin , with a toxicity level 1,000 times that of lead .
: Two - thirds of the vaccines made for the 2008 –09 flu season contain full - dose thimerosal , an organomercury compound , 49 % mercury by weight .
It is used to disinfect the vaccine .
Each of these flu shots contain 25 micrograms of mercury , a mercury content of 50,000 part per billion , 250 times more than the Environmental Protection Agency ’s safety limit . , with a toxicity level 1,000 times that of lead .
Formaldehyde , a known cancer - causing agent is used to inactivate the virus .
a known cancer - causing agent is used to inactivate the virus .
Aluminum , added to promote an antibody response , is a neurotoxin that may play a role in Alzheimer ’s disease .
added to promote an antibody response , is a neurotoxin that may play a role in Alzheimer ’s disease .
Other additives in the flu vaccine include : Triton X - 100 ( a detergent ) Polysorbate 80 carbolic acid ethylene glycol ( antifreeze ) gelatin various antibiotics such as neomycin , streptomycin , and gentamicin that can cause allergic reactions
in the flu vaccine include
So why does the CDC push the flu shot every year ?
The CDC ’s 15 - member Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices ( ACIP ) makes recommendations each year on who should be vaccinated .
Almost all the ACIP members who make these recommendations have financial ties to the vaccine industry .
The best anti-aging serums for 30 sare one of the most effective weapons against aging skin .
Understand which are the best ones that ’ll give you efficient results .
Hmmm …
Big money influencing public health policy .
The CDC put out a 7 part Recipe to increase demand for the flu vaccine :
Influenza ’s arrival coincides with immunization “ season ” ( i.e. , when people can take action ) Dominant strain and / or initial cases of disease are :
– Associated with severe illness and / or outcomes
– Occur among people for whom influenza is not generally
perceived to cause serious complications ( e.g. , children ,
healthy adults , healthy seniors )
– In cities and communities with significant media outlets Medical experts and public health authorities publicly ( e.g. , via media ) state concern and alarm ( and predict dire outcomes ) –and urge influenza vaccination .
The combination of ‘ 2 ’ and ‘ 3 ’ result in : Significant media interest and attention , Framing of the flu season in terms that motivate behavior ( e.g. , as “ very severe , ” “ more severe than last or past years , ” “ deadly ” )
Continued reports ( e.g. , from health officials and media ) that influenza is causing severe illness and / or affecting lots of people – helping foster the perception that many people are susceptible to a bad case of influenza .
Visible / tangible examples of the seriousness of the illness ( e.g. , pictures of children , families of those affected coming forward ) andpeople getting vaccinated ( the first to motivate , the latter to reinforce ) References to , and discussions , of pandemic influenza
Vaccination demand , particularly among people who do n’t routinely receive an annual influenza vaccination , is related to heightened concern , anxiety , and worry .
For example :
A perception or sense that many people are falling ill
A perception or sense that many people are experiencing bad illness
A perception or sense of vulnerability to contracting and experiencing bad illness .
Some component of success stems from media stories and information that create motivating ( i.e. , high ) levels of concern and anxiety about influenza .
Great … more fear selling more vaccines .
Dr. Miller ’s stance on Vitamin D and health :
The U.S. government and its citizens currently spend $ 2,000 billion dollars ( $ 2 trillion ) on “ health care , ” i.e. , sickness care , each year .
The cost of taking a 5,000 IU supplement of vitamin D every day for a year is $ 22.00 .
The cost for 300 million Americans taking this supplement would be $ 6.6 billion dollars .
The number and variety of diseases that vitamin D at this dose could prevent , starting with a 50 percent reduction in cancer , is mind - boggling .
If everyone took 5,000 IU / day of vitamin D , the U.S. “ health care ” industry would shrink .
It would no longer account for 16 percent of the gross domestic product .
The increased number of deaths that occur in winter , largely from pneumonia and cardiovascular diseases , are much more likely due to vitamin D deficiency than to an increased prevalence of serologically - positive influenza virus ( which also results from vitamin D deficiency ) .
Read the full flu vaccine article at LewRockwell.com
And another doctor is against everyone getting the flu vaccine :
P.S. Due to the large number of comments accusing me of being irresponsible , I am adding this caveat :
Ask your health provider ( MD , Naturopath , or other professional ) about flu shots , and make your decision based on that .
This blog does not dispense medical advice .
The point of the article is to show that there are conflicting opinions about vaccines , flu shots , and other medical treatments .
Image : NathanF at Flickr under Creative Commons License
Browse column FRESNO ( Independent Exile ) --
Ames tells me the eXile must now " be more sensitive to Russian interests " and I 've got to play along .
Tough job .
But like any Cold - War brat , I always kinda wanted to be a Russian agent of influence -- just like that all - American boy Hansen at the FBI , who turned traitor just because he was bored at his desk .
So I spun the globe a few times and came up with a war where , believe it or leave it , Russia actually comes off like the White Knight .
I 'm talking about South Ossetia .
I see your little eyes glazing over , so I better give you some idea where and what South Ossetia is .
Well , for starters , it 's just south of North Ossetia .
Does that help ?
Did n't think so .
OK , how about this : it 's in Northeast Georgia .
And I do n't mean Jimmy Carter peanut - farming country .
I mean the other Georgia , on the east shore of the Black Sea , just north of the Caucasus , where all us Caucasians came from , although we got sorta less hairy along the way , thank God .
The east shore of the Black Sea -- that 's where Jason went to get that Golden Fleece , only he ended up with Medea , one of those high - maintenance foreign girlfriends .
She ended up feeding Jason his own sons one night .
Moral of the story : those exotic war brides never work out , long term .
Other moral of the story : folks in this part of the world play rough .
The Caucasus may be the part of the world that 's hardest for Americans to understand , because over there every inch of land is marked off with its own language and basketweaving traditions .
We 're just the opposite , which is why it 's so hard for us to get .
In the US you can drive a thousand miles without seeing one thing different .
No matter how far you go , it 's the same Interstate landscape , like you 're in a stuck video game : crops , offramp , Denny's , Mickey D's , AM / PM Minimart , more crops , offramp .
You cheer up when you come across a car crash because at least it 's a little variety .
The Caucasus does n't have an Interstate .
If it did , you 'd pay a toll in blood every single mile .
The Caucasus is a crazy maze of mountain valleys , every damn one marked off as the property of one tribe or another .
Step across some imaginary line and you 're walking into a blood feud that 's been going since the last Ice Age .
This is feudin ' country that makes Appalachia look like Haight - Ashbury .
While the Soviets were in charge , the Caucasians put their feudin ' gear in storage .
Stalin was one babysitter you did n't act up with .
He came from this part of the world himself .
That 's where he got so tough .
In fact , as long as Comrade Stalin ( real name : Dzhugashvili ) was on top , every Caucasian tribe wanted to claim him .
The Ossetians said he was Ossetian , and the Georgians told everybody he was Georgian .
And when everybody decided Stalin was a bad guy , it reversed : the Georgians said he was nuthin ' but a bloodthirsty Ossetian .
When Georgia turned independent after the USSR dissolved , the locals changed their tune again .
Instead of going on about how Ossetians were totally different from Georgians , the Georgians went around yelling that Ossetia was an integral part of Georgia , with no reason to go thinking about seceding .
At the time Georgia was run by this crazy poet - fascist named Gam - sakhurdia , one of the first post - Communist rabid nationalists , and he kinda got all the non-ethnic Georgians a little paranoid with his Gruzya ( Georgia ) for the Gruzininy rant .
See , Georgia 's small enough already , but even so , there are at least three parts of it that may or may not be ethnically distinct , depending on who you ask and who 's got the gun at the moment .
Think of Georgia as a big mouth , opening to take a bite out of the Black Sea .
There are three teeth in this mouth that are sort of loose , like GULAG prisoners ' teeth used to get from the scurvy .
There 's Adzharia , the bottom front tooth ; Abkhazia , the top front tooth ; and there 's South Ossetia , back inland there like a top molar .
Pages : Previous 1 23 Next Print Share article
ANCHORAGE , Alaska ( Reuters ) -
It garnered big applause in her first speech as Republican John McCain ’s vice presidential pick , but Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin ’s assertion that she rejected Congressional funds for the so - called “ bridge to nowhere ” has upset many Alaskans .
Republican vice - presidential candidate Alaska Governor Sarah Palin campaigns in Washington , Pennsylvania August 30 , 2008 .
REUTERS / John Gress
During her first speech after being named as McCain ’s surprise pick as a running mate , Palin said she had told Congress “ ‘ thanks but no thanks ’ on that bridge to nowhere . ”
In the city Ketchikan , the planned site of the so - called “ Bridge to Nowhere , ” political leaders of both parties said the claim was false and a betrayal of their community , because she had supported the bridge and the earmark for it secured by Alaska ’s Congressional delegation during her run for governor .
The bridge , a span from the city to Gravina Island , home to only a few dozen people , secured a $ 223 million earmark in 2005 .
The pricey designation raised a furor and critics , including McCain , used the bridge as an example of wasteful federal spending on politicians ’ pet projects .
When she was running for governor in 2006 , Palin said she was insulted by the term “ bridge to nowhere , ” according to Ketchikan Mayor Bob Weinstein , a Democrat , and Mike Elerding , a Republican who was Palin ’s campaign coordinator in the southeast Alaska city .
“ People are learning that she pandered to us by saying , I ’m for this ’ ... and then when she found it was politically advantageous for her nationally , abruptly she starts using the very term that she said was insulting , ” Weinstein said .
Palin ’s spokeswoman in Alaska was not immediately available to comment .
National fury over the bridge caused Congress to remove the earmark designation , but Alaska was still granted an equivalent amount of transportation money to be used at its own discretion .
Last year , Palin announced she was stopping state work on the controversial project , earning her admirers from earmark critics and budget hawks from around the nation .
The move also thrust her into the spotlight as a reform - minded newcomer .
The state , however , never gave back any of the money that was originally earmarked for the Gravina Island bridge , said Weinstein and Elerding .
In fact , the Palin administration has spent “ tens of millions of dollars ” in federal funds to start building a road on Gravina Island that is supposed to link up to the yet - to - be - built bridge , Weinstein said .
“ She said ‘ thanks but no thanks , ’ but they kept the money , ” said Elerding about her applause line .
Former state House Speaker Gail Phillips , a Republican who represented the Kenai Peninsula city of Homer , is also critical about Palin ’s reversal on the bridge issue .
“ You do n’t tell a group of Alaskans you support something and then go to someplace else and say you oppose it , ” said Phillips , who supported Palin ’s opponent , Democrat Tony Knowles , in the 2006 gubernatorial race .
A press release issued by the governor on September 21 , 2007 said she decided to cancel state work on the project because of rising cost estimates .
“ It ’s clear that Congress has little interest in spending any more money on a bridge between Ketchikan and Gravina Island , ” Palin said in the news release .
“ Much of the public ’s attitude toward Alaska bridges is based on inaccurate portrayals of the projects here . ”
The road from Chos Malal climbs up a valley towards the southern flank of the Cordillera del Viento , the Mountains of the Wind , in the far , north - west corner of Argentinian Patagonia .
Wind is the defining element in Patagonia .
Birds fly backwards , trees grow horizontally , car doors are ripped off .
The most turbulent winds are here in the Precordillera , or foothills , of the Andes ; winds blowing in off the Pacific plough into the mountains causing a collision of hot and cold air masses .
Steep valleys act like wind tunnels , causing extreme turbulence and violent changes of direction .
Several years ago , a hurricane - force wind tore into Chos Malal , shaving roofs of their tiles , overturning cars and flattening the power lines .
To keep the wind out of the shack where she lives , high on a bluff an hour - and - a - half 's drive on dirt roads from Chos Malal , Doña Dominga tapes newspaper over the windows .
" I have lived here for 32 years , " she says , from her perch on a low wooden stool covered with a lamb 's fleece .
It is almost dark inside the room , and though it is high summer , Doña Dominga keeps feeding sticks into the soot - covered stove in front of her .
To keep out the wind , she is also bundled up in several layers of clothing - a faded lime green sports shirt , a burgundy red sweatshirt , an old blue fleece jacket and dark blue cotton sweatpants .
A pair of slip - on shoes made of black velvet and decorated with silver buckles adorn her feet .
Doña Dominga's face is a map of the world she inhabits .
Etched with a pattern of fissures and cracks from a lifetime 's exposure to Patagonia 's fierce sun and winds , it looks like the bed of a dried - up river .
An inch - long scar , which she had got when an axe she was using to chop wood jumped back into her face , climbs like a briar from the corner of her upper lip to the edge of her nose .
These disfigurements only add to her character .
Her deep - sunk eyes are full of humour , her eyebrows permanently arched in an expression of lively amusement .
Her full name is Doña Dominga Rosa Guajardo .
She does not know how old she is .
Her birth certificate says she was born in 1930 .
But her parents only registered the birth several years after the event .
According to legend , when she was a young woman , she left her fiancé standing at the altar , saddled a horse and rode up into the mountains .
" He was a good - for - nothing ! , " she says , with a chuckle .
" The marriage had been arranged by my family .
But I did not care for him .
So , on the day of the wedding I got up early and dressed in my bridal clothes .
The family went on ahead to the church .
But I stayed at the house , waiting to be collected by a horse - drawn buggy that would take me to the ceremony .
Instead , I slipped out of my wedding dress and put on some trousers , a work shirt and a pair of riding boots belonging to my brother .
I went down to the kitchen and took some bread and cheese and water and a good poncho .
Then I went out to the stables and saddled my horse . "
When Doña Dominga first came to the Mountains of the Wind she lived in a stone and mud hut , which had been used as a byre for animals .
Set into a bank to protect it from the wind , it had a door at the front , no windows or toilet , and a roof made of sticks and branches weighted down with rocks .
Doña Dominga lived there , and in another structure like it , for more than 25 years , until one of her sons built her a tin - roofed shack .
She has always worked as a puestero - or in her case , puestera - a Patagonian term that roughly translates as shepherd ( - ess ) .
A large estancia can have as many as six puesteros scattered across the land .
They live in small huts , without electricity or running water , almost completely cut off from the world .
Very few are women .
" I always worked like a man , " says Doña Dominga , lifting a blackened kettle off the stove and pouring hot water into a red enamel mug to make yerba maté , the traditional drink of Argentina .
Adding some sugar , she begins to suck contentedly at the hot liquid with a metal straw .
" I looked after the animals , collected firewood , fixed fences .
I also washed clothes to make money . "
Though she never married , she did have seven children , by several different men .
All but one were born at home in her hut with a female neighbour acting as midwife .
" I have nine grandchildren as well , " she says , proudly , fetching a tray piled with six mounds of bread dough , which she puts in the oven to bake for the evening meal .
For the first time , a look of sadness passes across her face .
" But their parents do n't let them come and visit me . "
Was it because her children disapprove of her because she had borne children by different men but never married ?
Or was it just because she is different ; a cantankerous old woman who defied convention and therefore set a bad example to the young ?
She wo n't say .
The room we are sitting in has a dirt floor and smoke - blackened walls made of mud and rough - hewn stone .
An old dresser along the back wall contains a few cups , some tin plates , a small collection of battered cooking pots and some basic kitchen utensils .
A dust - covered transistor radio hanging from a nail is the only piece of modern technology in sight .
I ask Doña Dominga if she ever dreamed of being rich , of having a car and a house with a swimming - pool , and all those other things that are held up as the non plus ultra of human existence .
She snorts with laughter at this .
" No , I do n't want to be rich , " she says , as a gust of wind lifts the newspapers , bringing with it a cloud of fine dust and grit that gets in my hair and eyes and into the seams of my notebook .
" Rich people are all selfish and greedy ! "
She grows serious .
" I was born with a paso corto , a ' short step ' , " she says , with quiet pride , using a local metaphor to describe her humble beginnings .
" And I would like to die like that . "
Her face breaks into a smile .
" Though I would like to have electricity ! "
The other day while I was browsing through the articles linked from
The 5 stage of Republican Grief and reading the bugfuck crazy comments , I came to the realisation that I just do not see this kind of inanity in most of my online activity .
But why is that ?
Why is the conservative presence so limited in most of the online nexus points ?
Not only will you very rarely find sentiments such as those expressed in popular news sites like digg and reddit , not only will you rarely find them in online fora and commenting on random blogs , but when they do come up , they ’re immediately striken down in flames either through rebutals or downvoting , which just shows how much in the minority such commenters are .
My take on this is that they simply cannot survive in this world .
The reason for this I believe lies in the following
1. Conservatives are , well …conservative .
As a result they have not started using the internet as much as the more progressive members .
They were late to get online , late to start doing anything other than surfing&emails and the last to go social .
As a result most places are already filled with progressive regulars and when a conservative attempts to take part , they are skewered .
This of course turns them off and they slither back into the depths from which they came which of course does not allow a critical mass of them to gather and start shifting pushing the status quo .
Many , I ’m sure choose to lurk instead where then , in combination with the Libertarians ( see below ) , they have a chance to make themselves heard on specific topics .
2 . The internet is an extremely toxic environment .
The conservative mind is a sensitive beast .
There is a profound sense of denial necessary to avoid cognitive dissonance when you are not only a fundamental christian but you consider that the Bush regime was doing a damn good job .
As the saying goes , reality has a well known liberal bias and as the internet does not have the strict filters this denial requires , so does it .
As a result , the hapless conservative is assaulted on all sides by information conflicting his preconceptions .
Not only do they have to dodge surprise buttsex Daily Show videos and ridicules of their personal zombie saviour , but whenever they so much as open their mouth to protest in an online dialogue , they are shortly refuted , to say the least .
Indeed , there is precious little a conservative can do when the hard facts are staring them in the face and there is no Fox Network to hide or twist those uncomfortable truths .
As an extra bonus , because of the dynamics of online conversation , it is not unlikely for someone to take the time to educate the unfortunate conservative which further shakes his psyche .
Since it is pretty much impossible now to both deny reality and muster the presence required to “ detoxify ” the online environment ( see point 1 ) , the conservatives prefer to simply huddle together in their own little corners of the internet , where they can preserve their groupthink .
There is not better example of this point than the creation of Conservapedia which happened because the disorganized nature of Wikipedia and the liberal nature of reality meant that Conservatives either had to avoid using an online encyclopedia or suffer more cognitive dissonance .
3 . They are suddenly in a very small minority .
Whereas in the USA the Conservatives have roughly half the population ( or at least are vocal enough to seem this way ) online , where location is meaningless , they suddenly find themselves very , very lonely .
They cannot even expect support from conservatives of other cultures since :
They usually have wholy different values .
Conservatives of other countries would be considered liberal for U.S. American standard .
It is not simply a joke when people say that in the US you do not have left and Right but only the Right and the Extreme Right .
For everyone else outside the US , it definitely seems that way .
Your Obama would probably be quite capable of leading the Right party of any European country without batting an eyelid .
Thus , not only do the conservatives have to argue against their own countrymen who happen to be liberal , but they have to tackle with the liberals of other countries who they must think are like the extreme fringe left .
I sometimes get the impression that if I ever had to discuss with such a conservative , their Left / Right compass would not have any position left for me except than outside the range .
They are in a way a bit fortunate that most of the world does not speak English as then they would have seriously have been the footnote in this story .
Unfortunately for them , there are enough English speakers from many countries to seriously outnumber them .
The only thing somewhat pushing the conservative agenda is …you guessed it
The Libertarians
It is a well known fact that most Libertarians are only by name .
Like true game theory defectors they declare loyalty to the Libertarian party but come election day , they cast their vote for Republicans as they promise to cut taxes and let them keep their guns .
They conveniently ignore how the Republicans end up doing the opposite of what they say and have subsequently expanded the Government more than ever before , which for a Libertarian should have been anathema .
Nevertheless , because they are committed to the Republican ticket , they feel the need to defend their choice whenever they can .
They will thus attack the Government tactics when it is going against their libertarian stances ( Drugs , Abortion , Religion ) but defend it when it reduces taxes to the rich , cuts healthcare and welfare etc , even if all of this is against their own hide .
The only thing saving them is that because they lack true faith in the Regime and they also tend to be more liberal in their faith ( if not outright irreligious ) they suffer much less of a cognitive dissonance and can much more easily take part in the social networks .
And this is of course the only way the Conservative agenda can ever appear .
The Libertarians are generally active because they can , while conservatives probably just lurk around for fear of the intellectual smackdown .
When however a topic where their two worldviews merge appears , they can combine their voices and votes and downvote the opposition effectively .
Thus the reason why libertarian topics happen now and then to bubble up to the surface .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Watch the full interview with Ratan Tata on " Fareed Zakaria GPS " at 1 p.m. ET Sunday on CNN .
The Taj Mahal hotel in Mumbai , India , temporarily increased security after being warned of a possible terrorist attack , the chairman of the company that owns the hotel said Saturday .
Tata Group Chairman Ratan Tata , whose company owns the Taj hotel , discusses this week 's attacks in Mumbai .
more photos »
But Tata Group Chairman Ratan Tata said those measures , which were eased shortly before this week 's terror attacks , could not have prevented gunmen from entering the hotel .
" If I look at what we had ... it could not have stopped what took place , " Tata said in an interview with CNN 's Fareed Zakaria that will air Sunday .
" It 's ironic that we did have such a warning , and we did have some measures , " Tata said , without elaborating on the warning or when security measures were enacted .
" People could n't park their cars in the portico , where you had to go through a metal detector . "
However , Tata said the attackers did not enter through the entrance that has a metal detector .
Instead , they came in a back entrance , he said .
Watch Tata discuss need for better preparedness »
" They knew what they were doing , and they did not go through the front .
All of our arrangements are in the front , " he said .
" They planned everything , " he said of the attackers .
" I believe the first thing they did , they shot a sniffer dog and his handler .
They went through the kitchen . "
The 105 - year - old hotel was one of nine sites attacked by gunmen in a 60 - hour wave of terror that killed at least 183 people and injured hundreds more before it ended in a standoff at the hotel Saturday morning .
Learn more about the historic hotel 's past and future »
Authorities carried out a room - by - room sweep in the 565 - room Victorian building late Saturday to make sure that all guests had been evacuated and no gunmen remained inside .
A. Vaidyanathan , an economist who was a guest in the Taj when the attacks occurred , told The Hindu newspaper on Friday that he had noticed tight security at the hotel when he stayed there last month .
" First , when you enter the open parking , where the cars are parked , you had a very heavy metal frame ; your baggage was searched , " he said .
" At the entrance of the foyer , there was another metal detector , and you were personally searched and so on . "
However , for this latest trip , he said , he could walk right into the hotel without encountering the same measures .
Bullet holes and scars of grenade blasts marred the restaurant walls in the Taj Mahal hotel , Tata said .
See images from the battlegrounds »
Tata said the attacks revealed deficiencies in law enforcement , especially in the areas of crisis response and management .
" We were getting the cooperation that they could give us , but the infrastructure was woefully poor , " he said ,
As an example , Tata said it took three hours for firefighters to get water to the Taj after a blaze broke out in the oldest part of the building .
" We had people who died being shot through bulletproof vests , " he added .
Tata said that not even the army or commandoes who ultimately took over the offensive were prepared for the level of organization and execution that the attackers seemed to have put into their plan .
" They seemed to know [ the hotel ] in the night or in the daytime , " he said of the attackers .
" They seemed to have planned their moves quite well , and there seem to have been a lot of pre-planning . "
Tata said the attacks underscored the need for law enforcement to develop infrastructure for crisis management , even if it meant seeking outside expertise for training , equipment and strategic operations .
" We 've been very complacent , because we 've really not had this kind of terrorism inflicted upon us , " he said .
" We should not stand on ceremony to hold back .
We should go to the best place possible to get expertise . "
Tata was hopeful that the attacks would unite Indians behind a common goal of preventing a similar tragedy .
" Rather than have us succumb to this kind of terror , what it has done is given us a resolve that nobody can do this to us , " he said .
" We 're indignant , but we 're not scared .
If there 's a view that this has pulled us down , I think it will unite the country that much more . "
Tata said he derived those sentiments from members of his staff , who have pledged to stand behind him and restore the Taj to its former grandeur .
" The general manager lost his whole family in one of the fires in the building , " Tata said .
" I went up to him today and I told him how sorry I was , and he said , ' Sir , we are going to beat this .
We are going to build this Taj back into what it was .
We 're standing with you .
We will not let this event take us down . ' "
Tata added , " And that is the feeling that they have , and I have a feeling that that 's pretty much echoed throughout the country . "
All About India • Mumbai • Terrorism
Did you see Twilight this weekend ?
You must have :
The vampire flick raked in $ 70 bloody million at the box office , the top debut ever for a film directed by one woman .
And it 's official : Women love vampires .
The folks at iVillage interviewed a professor who claims it has to do with " the erotics of anticipation , " controlled passion and the " deferral of any type of sexual consummation . "
Sure , sure .
But also :
Something about blood and danger taps into the primal part of us and whispers , " sexy . "
Or at least : " Cool . "
But Edward from Twilight is n't the only undead game in town :
After the jump , find seven bloodsuckers that make him look like a mosquito .
Advertisement
Ratings are out of a possible five bulbs of garlic .
Advertisement
Bill Compton , True Blood .
While he 's rather morose and generally humorless , at least he has fangs and does n't glitter in the sunlight .
Rating :
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Three garlic bulbs
Advertisement
Claudia , Interview With The Vampire .
Forget Tom Cruise and Brad Pitt :
The creepiest bloodsucker in the adaptation of the Anne Rice book was Kirsten Dunst 's child monster , all curly hair and demon thoughts .
Remember when she brought home the twins for Lestat , and they were poisoned ?
Evil !
Rating :
Advertisement
Three garlic bulbs
Advertisement
Eli , Let The Right One In .
You want awkward tweenage love story ?
You want blood ?
This Swedish art film delivers , beautifully .
Eli is the mysterious girl - next - door ; Oskar 's a bullied kid who could use someone in his corner .
This large - eyed little vamp is simultaneously sweet and unsettlingly menacing .
( Check out the trailer here . )
Rating :
Advertisement
Four garlic bulbs
Advertisement
David , The Lost Boys .
Keifer Sutherland makes it look so cool .
He 's got chicks , a posse , and a cave hangout .
He may or may not make you eat worms and drink blood — but that 's the price you pay for hanging with the right crowd !
Look , that 's Bill , from Bill & Ted 's Excellent Adventure on the far right !
See how connected these vamps are ?
Rating :
Advertisement
Five garlic bulbs
Advertisement
Blade .
So maybe he 's half vampire .
But Wesley Snipes was a badass VOC ( that 's vampire of color ) with a Buddhist outlook , sharp weapons and the advantage of being a daywalker .
Rating :
Advertisement
Three garlic bulbs
Advertisement
Selene , Underworld .
Since she and her vamp vicious circle were so busy hunting werewolves , they were n't much of a threat to humans , and therefore not very scary .
Kick ass and gorgeous , but not scary .
Rating :
Advertisement
Two garlic bulbs
Advertisement
Spike , Buffy The Vampire Slayer .
Many BTVS fans worshipped Angel , Buffy 's brooding first love , but Spike , the devilish , quippy , smart-ass , black nail polish - wearing vamp who once said , " I may be love 's bitch , but at least I 'm man enough to admit it , " was actually the better character .
Part Billy Idol , part Bowie , part rabid dog , Spike 's cuckoo mate , Drusilla , once asked him , " Do you love my insides ?
The parts you can't see ? "
Answered Spike : " Eyeballs to entrails , my sweet ! "
This is how a vampire thinks :
He loves you so much he may dine on you .
We never quiet get that from Edward Cullen .
Rating :
Advertisement
Four garlic bulbs
Special mentions : Laddie from The Lost Boys , The Count , Dracula , and , of course , Blacula .
Update / Addendum :
Advertisement
Box Office Report : ' Twilight ' Sinks Its Teeth Into A Blockbuster Debut [ EW ]
Why Do We Love Vampires ? [ iVillage ] Earlier : Twilight At Midnight : Smells Like Teen Spirit I Was A Teenage Trend - Hater : Despising Twilight Is Big For Fall Twilight : " Questionable Casting , Wooden Acting , Laughable Dialogue And Truly Awful Makeup " Breaking Dawn : What To Expect When You 're Expecting ...
A Vampire Click to view
Do n’t have $ 25,000 lying around for a new solar system , you say ?
Longing to go a darker shade of green but do n’t have an extra $ 1000 for a tankless water heater ?
We know the feeling !
There are so many things you can do to make your home and life more eco-friendly that are FREE ( for example recycling all you can , composting , taking shorter showers , walking to the store , using reusable grocery bags , dining by candlelight , saying no to bottled water and the list goes on and on and on… ) .
There are also tons of things you can do that cost very little and SAVE YOU MONEY .
Check out this list– spend only $ 100 and you will save over $ 500 !
1 ) Get a low - flow showerhead for your home .
A low - flow showerhead can save you up to 3,000 gallons of water per person per year !
They cost about $ 30 and will save you ~ $ 45 / year in water and energy to heat your water .
While you ’re at it , get a $ 3 sink aerator attachment , and save $ 25 more each year .
2 ) Get a programmable thermostat .
Most homes waste a great deal of energy and money by heating and cooling when people are not at home .
With a programmable thermostat you can control your cooling and heating by day and time to maximize efficiency and money savings .
These devices cost $ 50 and take 15 minutes to install .
And it will save you close to $ 100 per year .
3 ) Turn down and insulate your water heater .
First , turn the temperature down to at least 120 degrees .
Most people run their water heater too hot .
That act alone is free and will save you ~ $ 100 / year .
Then get an insulation sweater to put around your water heater– it will reduce the amount of energy the heater needs to keep the water hot .
( And it costs only $ 30 and will save you ~ $ 45 per year . )
4 ) Wash your clothes in cold water .
This is free and will save you ~ $ 100 year .
Today ’s detergents work perfectly fine in cold water– really !
Go a step further and air - dry your clothes on a drying rack– you just saved another $ 50 .
5 ) Hopefully this one is old news by now : replace all of your lights with compact fluorescents and LEDs .
Lighting is one of the largest uses of power in your home .
If you spend $ 50 on new lights , you ’ll save over $ 100 in power ( and new bulbs ) within the first year .
And if you use LEDs– which are 10 + times more efficient than compact fluorescents – you ’ll save any more .
Check out CFLs and LED lighting options here .
For many more ideas for how you can go low - impact and save money , be sure to use our Household Environmental Impact Calculator .
It will tell you your LILI ( Low Impact Living Index ) and also give you a robust list of green projects you can undertake to use less energy , water , reduce your trash load , and much more .
Get the Low Down !
A volunteer models the TMS device which is worn over the front of the head to stimulate the underlying brain tissue
JOSH VILLA was 26 and driving home after a drink with a friend on 28 August 2005 when his car mounted the kerb and flipped over .
Villa was thrown through the windscreen , suffered massive head injuries and fell into a coma .
Almost a year later , there was little sign of improvement .
“ He would open his eyes , but he was not responsive to any external stimuli in his environment , ” says Theresa Pape of the US Department of Veterans Affairs …
TORONTO ( Reuters ) - Close to 500,000 customers of Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 's CM.TO
Talvest mutual funds unit will never know if their personal data was accessed by outsiders , a nearly two - year investigation has concluded .
Canada ’s Office of the Privacy Commissioner , which launched an investigation in January 2007 after a hard drive containing Talvest customer information apparently disappeared , said on Thursday that due to deficient security policies and procedures , it was unclear whether the data had ever been transferred on to the hard drive in the first place .
A package that was presumed to contain the drive arrived empty at a CIBC computing center in Markham , Ontario , north of Toronto , in December 2006 , with no sign of tampering .
Police and internal bank investigations failed to turn up the disk , and there has been no evidence of unauthorized access to affected clients ’ accounts , the privacy commissioner ’s report says .
“ I am troubled that CIBC has been unable to establish whether a data transfer to a portable disk drive had even been made , ” Assistant Commissioner Elizabeth Denham said in a statement released on Thursday .
The privacy commissioner ’s office also raised concerns about the length of time it took the bank to alert police and customers about the potential breach , but determined that the 33 days that elapsed before clients were notified was “ reasonable , ” given the number affected and effort required .
The bank “ offered no explanation ” for the apparent 24 - day delay in notifying Montreal police , the report said .
As part of a server consolidation project , CIBC planned to transfer Talvest files containing information on 470,752 current and former Talvest client accounts from Montreal to the Toronto - area computing center in December 2006 .
Those files contained client names , addresses , signatures , dates of birth , bank account numbers , beneficiary details , and social insurance numbers .
The bank , Canada ’s fifth - largest , chose to copy the files onto two identical disk drives because the volume of data was too large to transferred internally , the privacy commissioner said .
One of the two packages arrived fine .
But the second packaged arrived empty -- and it may have been empty at the beginning of its journey , the privacy commissioner said .
But it is impossible to know for sure , because the bank did not trace whether or when the data copies were made , or by whom .
The investigation also found the information being sent had not been encrypted .
“ If CIBC had followed its policies and processes or had a technical means to determine whether the transfer to a second disk drive had actually taken place , quite possibly no further action would have been necessary , ” Denham stated .
“ Whether or not the personal information of more than 470,000 people was transferred to a disk drive should not be a mystery . ”
CIBC now requires information to be encrypted if it travels outside the bank , and has taken remedial measures to fix “ a number of other deficiencies ” in its security policies and procedure , the privacy commissioner ’s office said .
The office investigated previous breaches at CIBC , including episodes in 2004 when bank staff erroneously sent faxes containing customer information to a junkyard operator in West Virginia .
Roald Dahl 's writing hut is just as he left it .
Tucked away at the end of the garden , it looks like a dilapidated shed , its paint peeling and faded , its tiny windows dusty with disuse .
Inside , the mossy green wing - back armchair in which he wrote nearly all his books takes up most of the space .
A drawing by Dahl 's son
Theo is pinned to the wall , the corners brown and furled .
A low table is dotted with objects - a brass ornament in the shape of a Spitfire , a metallic ball made from crushed sweet wrappers .
There is a mug filled with sharpened pencils and a yellow , lined pad of A4 .
The shed is freezing cold .
An electric heater , perilously rigged up to the ceiling with string , has not been turned on since Dahl 's death 18 years ago from leukaemia .
But there is a different sort of chilliness here too .
Everything is in place , exactly as it should be , except the person who made it so .
Felicity , Dahl 's widow , does not like to come in here .
She refuses to have her photograph taken inside and finds it difficult to spend time surrounded by her late husband 's possessions .
When I ask her what life is like without him , she answers with a brutal matter - of - factness : ' It 's hell . '
Her voice wobbles and she starts to cry .
' Anyway ...' she says , flapping her hands in front of her face .
The tears disappear .
A small , embarrassed smile takes their place .
' As he says in Danny [ Dahl 's 1975 book Danny , the Champion of the World ] , you have to be a sparky parent .
Well , he was a sparky man .
To everyone .'
People feel they know Roald Dahl .
Most of us have read his books and had our childhoods shaped by his fantastical mind and macabre sense of humour .
Dahl 's vision was one of boundless possibility and unfettered imagination ; a world where witches had no toes , where giant peaches could float like zeppelins and where friendly giants subsisted on a revolting diet of snozzcumbers .
Sixty - five years after the publication of his first story , The Gremlins , Dahl 's books continue to sell at a rate of one million a year .
An updated version of his childhood autobiography , Boy , has just been published and several of his other books have been made into films , including Matilda , The Witches and James and the Giant Peach .
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory prompted two movie adaptations , the most recent directed by Tim Burton and starring Johnny Depp as Willy Wonka .
Wes Anderson is currently filming an animated Fantastic Mr Fox .
Children still pitch up unexpectedly at his Buckinghamshire home , Gipsy House in Great Missenden , where Felicity , 69 , lives .
' It 's just awful because they look over the gate and say , " Roald Dahl lives here does n't he ? "
And I say , " Well he did . "
" Oh , has he moved ? "
And I have to say , " No , he died " and it shatters them . '
It is not just children who are intrigued by the Dahl legacy .
The December issue of British Vogue carries a series of eccentric photographs featuring Tim Burton and his wife Helena Bonham - Carter in locations and costumes inspired by Dahl .
In September , a biography by American journalist Jennet Conant , The Irregulars : Roald Dahl and the British Spy Ring , caused a stir by suggesting that Dahl spent much of the Second World War as an RAF attache in the States , sleeping with wealthy beauties in order to pass on titbits of intelligence gleaned from pillow talk .
Dahl 's meticulously filed reports had never been published and their intimate revelations raised eyebrows on both sides of the Atlantic .
' Yes , my God ! ' says Felicity , shrieking with pleasure when I mention the book .
' The sexiest seducer in Washington !
But of course it was true .
He was wildly attractive and handsome , in his RAF uniform , speaking English , a fighter pilot - completely seductive .
And he was charming and intelligent .
A lot of women fell for him .'
Felicity , known to her friends and family as Liccy ( pronounced Lissy ) , rarely gives interviews .
The requests come in a steady stream , but remembering is an emotive business and she is extremely busy running the Roald Dahl Foundation , a grant - giving charity that aims to help children in the areas of literacy , neurology and haematology .
The foundation is about to launch a series of free concerts at Kings Place in London , featuring orchestral versions of Dahl 's stories .
Today , however , she has agreed to speak in order to publicise the inaugural Roald Dahl Funny Prize , to be awarded on Thursday to this year 's most humorous children 's book .
The prize , organised by the charity Booktrust , is being judged by a panel that includes Michael Rosen , the Children 's Laureate , and Dahl 's granddaughter , model Sophie Dahl .
' People often ask me , " Did he tell lots of jokes ? " ' says Felicity .
' No .
It is in his writing , in his descriptions of things .
It was a hidden , subversive humour , not a comedian telling jokes .
' Children were his friends , that 's what kept him going .
The fact that they loved his stories and would then go on to read Biggles and everything else - that , to him , was a miracle .
He said , " I feel a bit like a pop star . " '
She says he would have been horrified by the erosion of children 's imaginations by computer games .
' I think [ computer ] games are absolutely appalling .
A child is never left on their own with nothing , so that they have to create their world .
The Game Boys and that ghastly stuff have come in and they are absolutely like this ...'
She does an impression of a goggle - eyed teen staring at a hand - held screen .
' Roald would have had a fit at that . '
We meet in Gipsy House , an oversized cottage with low ceilings and yellow - and rose - painted rooms .
There are photographs of Dahl everywhere and framed illustrations by Quentin Blake hang on the walls .
When Tim Burton came to research Charlie and the Chocolate Factory he burst into tears on the lawn .
' People have strong reactions to this house , ' Felicity says .
Part of the reason for Dahl 's enduring popularity , says his widow , is that he never spoke down to children : ' They were equals . '
This , she thinks , was because he never lost his own sense of childish wonderment .
He was 67 when Felicity married him ( there was a 21 - year age gap and she was his second wife , after his first marriage to American actress Patricia Neal ) , but she says he remained filled with imaginative exuberance .
He would produce pink milk for breakfast or make jelly with hundreds and thousands suspended in the gelatine .
' He would make the most mundane thing seem fantastic because he would reinterpret it . '
On a trip to Zurich to meet Dahl 's European literary agent , they caught a funicular railway and noticed that each time the train stopped at a certain platform , the driver would get out , put his hand up into a ceiling beam and pull out a part - smoked cigar .
' He lit it , had two puffs , put it back and got back into the train to drive down again , ' says Felicity .
' All day he did this - up and down .
When we got back to the city , Roald bought the most expensive Monte Cristo cigar .
We went back up the funicular .
At the platform , he took the old stubby cigar out and put the new one up in the beam .
Then we went back to the hotel .
He did n't wait to see the driver 's reaction .
That 's the sort of guy he was .
He was always looking to help people and just make their day a little more interesting , because most people 's days were very dull . '
But he could be cantankerous .
His granddaughter Sophie once described him as ' a very difficult man - very strong , very dominant ... sort of roaring round the house with these very loud opinions ' .
Does Felicity recognise this portrayal ?
' Um ...' she lapses into silence for several seconds .
' I do n't remember him roaring round , I must say .
But , yes , if one of the children was doing something bad , he would roar at them , but with good reason .
Also , there were moments he was so ill , and what people forgot was that he was in constant pain from his back injury from the war , and when you 're in constant pain you can get ratty .
I would describe it as ratty rather than roaring .
' He used to get grumpy when he was finishing a book and I remember saying , " But you should be so pleased you 're reaching the end ! "
And he used to say , " You do n't understand - it's the fear of never writing another one . " '
Roald Dahl was born in Llandaff , South Wales , to Norwegian parents .
His childhood was punctuated by tragedy .
When he was four , his older sister died of appendicitis .
His father Harald never got over his daughter 's death and died a month later of pneumonia .
Roald was sent to boarding school at Repton , an experience he remembered in Boy as ' days of horrors ' .
After school , he joined Shell and was posted to East Africa .
At the outbreak of the Second World War he joined the RAF .
His first mission took him into the heart of enemy territory and he was forced to crash land in the Libyan desert , an episode that left him with a fractured skull and the chronic back injury that plagued him for the rest of his life .
He was eventually sent home as an invalid but transferred to Washington as an air attache in 1942 .
He married Patricia Neal in 1953 and had five children - Tessa , Theo , Ophelia , Lucy and Olivia , who died of measles encephalitis aged seven .
Her death was ' catastrophic ' says Felicity .
' It was like his father - sort of repeat history . '
There were other challenges too .
Theo was left brain damaged when , at four months , his pram was hit by a New York cab .
Then , in 1965 , Neal suffered three burst cerebral aneurysms while pregnant with Lucy .
She was left paralysed and unable to speak .
Dahl nursed her back to health .
Throughout it all , he carried on writing , producing a formidable body of work comprising 16 children 's books , two volumes of autobiography and several short story collections , including Tales of the Unexpected
By the 1970s , Neal was able to walk and talk again , but the marriage was in trouble .
While Neal was filming a Maxim coffee commercial , the Dahls were introduced to set designer Felicity Crosland , a divorcee with three young daughters .
Soon afterwards , Felicity and Roald began an 11 - year affair .
When Neal found out , she was devastated , particularly as her own children had known about their father 's relationship and tacitly condoned it .
Ophelia Dahl , who was 14 when her parents divorced in 1983 , said in later years that 'all of us realised that he had found the love of his life with Liccy and there 's always a sense of relief when that happens ' .
But the immediate fall - out was , says Felicity , ' dreadful because we never thought we could get married , we thought we 'd keep it secret .
No divorce in the world is happy and I think a husband falling for a younger woman must be the worst of all ' .
Did she feel guilty ?
' Yes and no .
It was a particularly difficult situation because Pat had a stroke and was not well .
I do n't know how he managed to bring up these children , run a house , do the school runs and write this major volume of work .
He was so worn out , so needing to be looked after which of course Pat could n't do .
So there was terrible pain about that .
' It 's a very difficult thing .
It 's tough on everybody . '
Although the tensions of the past have dissipated , it proved especially tough on Felicity : in 1990 , her 27 - year - old daughter Lorina died of a brain tumour .
A few months later , she lost her husband too .
' When Lorina got ill , he was , he was ...'
She trails off .
' Shock does terrible things to you , physically and chemically .
Like Roald 's mother , I lost a daughter and a husband within months of each other . '
Now , however , the extended family rubs along happily .
The children and grandchildren split their time between Felicity in Great Missenden and Neal in Martha 's Vineyard , Massachusetts .
' We 're absolutely all very close , including Pat . '
Looking back on the seven happily married years she spent with Dahl , it was , Felicity feels , worth the emotional cost : ' I do n't think anybody who met him was n't taken aback by his whole presence .
He was a spectacularly handsome figure ; friendly , you know , very welcoming . '
Even at the end , Dahl was still trying to make people 's days a little less dull .
Felicity recalls that as he lay dying at the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford , he noticed that the nurses were being forced to wear their own clothes as an experiment to see whether patients responded better to them .
' He said , " What a ridiculous idea .
How can you possibly afford to use your own clothes on the wages you get ? " '
Felicity was sent to Marks & Spencer to buy cardigans , jumpers and trousers .
' I came out with bulging bags .
He laid them all out and when the nurses came in he said , " Now choose whatever colour you want . "
That was a man who was dying , he was so ill and yet he still wanted to spread a funny idea to make them laugh and yet to give them a present , give them a treat .
Treats were his big thing . '
When we walk outside to Dahl 's writing hut , Felicity takes me down a garden path .
She stops as the path dips downwards and points to a shiny chunk of bright green jade cut into the stone .
She tells me a child from Australia sent him the jade after hearing Dahl on the radio .
' One evening , we were doing our usual tour round the garden and he said , " Do you notice anything different ? "
I looked up and he said , " Why do you always look up ? "
So I looked down and there he'd made this little hole in the path and put the piece of jade in with its green side up . '
She sighs .
' You know , those are the things in life that matter . '
It is a tale that encapsulates much of what makes Dahl 's legacy so lasting : his ability to see things from a child 's perspective and to transform the ordinary into something unexpectedly enchanting .
It was about remembering to look down when all the other adults were looking up .
The winner of the Roald Dahl Funny Prize will be announced on Thursday .
For more information , go to : booktrust.org.uk or roalddahlfoundation.org
Inspired by Dahl : Fan 's recollections
Quentin Blake
Has illustrated all of Dahl 's books
' We first worked together on The Enormous Crocodile .
Our collaboration was like a double act in the music hall .
Sometimes you 're the straight man and sometimes you 're the funny man .
Occasionally there were things which were very good to draw and I could actually expand the situation .
But there were other bits where the writing was so funny that you just wanted to hold back . '
Michael Rosen
Current Children 's Laureate
' In every one of the books , he 's on the side of the child .
He 's thinking all the time about children 's desires but he also creates characters that allow children to experience their conflicted feelings about adults .
So in The Witches [ the 1990 film version of which starred Anjelica Huston , above ] the grandmother is the character the boy can bestow all his love on while the witches are the ones he can be angry about .
I once met Roald Dahl with my oldest son , and he beckoned Joe over and said : ' What 's that growing on your father 's face .
It 's a great disgusting growth and it's probably got yesterday 's breakfast in it , ' and he went off on a great Twitsian monologue . '
Marina Warner
Writer and academic
' I still remember some of the plot twists in his adult fiction for their amazing ingenuity .
The BFG is my favourite of his children 's books .
It takes a lot of the horrendous scenes about child - eating and breathes humour into them . '
Alan Yentob
BBC creative director
' Whether you are a child or a parent , there are very few writers who make you laugh out loud as consistently as Roald Dahl .
There was much of the child in him and in the rather Proustian relish he had for experiences such as eating chocolate . '
Dara O'Briain
Comedian and TV presenter
' I got Charlie and The Chocolate Factory [ Gene Wilder played Willy Wonka in the film version , above ] for my ninth or 10th birthday .
I loved details like the prince who made his whole palace out of chocolate , and the Oompa Loompa song was four pages long !
And Dahl never let the moral get in the way of the macabre . '
All profits from this shop will be loaned to someone on kiva.org as part of the Kiva Atheists , Agnostics , Skeptics , Freethinkers , Secular Humanists and the Non-Religious Team .
Show your lack of faith and help someone in the world with a micro-loan all at the same time
All items have a 10 % markup from the CafePress base price .
That 10 % is what will be loaned on kiva.org .
SAVE TIME AND / OR MONEY :
In theory , throwing more resources at a task will shorten its time to completion , with potential cost savings .
Parallel computers can be built from cheap , commodity components .
SOLVE LARGER / MORE COMPLEX PROBLEMS :
Many problems are so large and / or complex that it is impractical or impossible to solve them on a single computer , especially given limited computer memory .
Example : " Grand Challenge Problems " ( en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grand_Challenge ) requiring PetaFLOPS and PetaBytes of computing resources .
Example : Web search engines / databases processing millions of transactions every second
PROVIDE CONCURRENCY : A single compute resource can only do one thing at a time .
Multiple compute resources can do many things simultaneously .
Example : Collaborative Networks provide a global venue where people from around the world can meet and conduct work " virtually " .
TAKE ADVANTAGE OF NON - LOCAL RESOURCES :
Using compute resources on a wide area network , or even the Internet when local compute resources are scarce or insufficient .
Two examples below , each of which has over 1.7 million contributors globally ( May 2018 ) : Example : SETI@home ( setiathome.berkeley.edu )
Example : Folding@home ( folding.stanford.edu )
MAKE BETTER USE OF UNDERLYING PARALLEL HARDWARE : Modern computers , even laptops , are parallel in architecture with multiple processors / cores .
Parallel software is specifically intended for parallel hardware with multiple cores , threads , etc .
In most cases , serial programs run on modern computers " waste " potential computing power .
Intel Xeon processor with 6 cores and 6 L3 cache units
The Future : During the past 20 + years , the trends indicated by ever faster networks , distributed systems , and multi-processor computer architectures ( even at the desktop level ) clearly show that parallelism is the future of computing .
.
In this same time period , there has been a greater than 500,000 x increase in supercomputer performance , with no end currently in sight .
increase in supercomputer performance , with no end currently in sight .
The race is already on for Exascale Computing !
Exaflop = 10 18 calculations per second
Source : Top500.org
Jennifer Garner Stalker Prompts Restraining Order
went to court on November 7th to ask a judge for a protection order against .
The 36 year old fan is 6 ' 1 " , weighs 145 lb and has blonde hair and blue eyes .
Garner and her lawyer told the court that he has been engaging in " excessive and harassing behavior " toward the actress since 2002 .
Things have escalated in recent months , prompting her to seek help from the court system .
In her written affidavit , she stated that he has been sending " packages and letters containing delusional and paranoid thoughts and following me around the country . "
His letter writing campaign has exhibited increasingly bizarre and threatening behavior .
He has shown up on the actresses doorstep , saying that God has sent him a vision that she is being persecuted and might die because of it .
Garner showed the judge reams of notes and birthday cards .
Her security guard ( see top photo ) , Dennis Bridwell also made a declaration attesting that Burky tried to gain entrance to her business office dressed as a monk .
The judge granted her a temporary restraining order that prohibits the alleged stalker from possessing or trying to obtain a gun .
He must also stay at least 100 yards away from Jennifer , her husband Ben Affleck , their two year old daughter Violet , as well as the nanny , housekeeper and her assistant .
Garner went back to court today to ask a judge to make the temporary order permanent .
He extended the order for a period of three years .
According to ET , Burky is currently locked up in a psychiatric hospital ward .
The couple are expecting their second child this month .
Photo gallery below .
Check out who made Forbes Hollywood 's Hottest Tots list .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
The FBI , after years spent focusing on national security , is struggling to find agents and resources to investigate wrongdoing tied to the country ’s economic crisis , The New York Times reported in Sunday editions .
Citing current and former FBI officials , the Times said cutbacks in its criminal investigative workforce following the September 11 attacks left the FBI weaker in areas like white collar crime .
The cutbacks were the result of a shift in focus to terrorism and intelligence matters .
More than 1,800 agents , or nearly one - third of all those in criminal programs , moved into those areas , the Times said .
“ Clearly , we have felt the effects of moving resources from criminal investigations to national security , ” the newspaper quoted FBI Assistant Director John Miller as saying .
“ In white collar crime , while we initiated fewer cases over all , we targeted the areas where we could have the biggest impact .
We focused on multimillion - dollar corporate fraud , where we could make arrests but also recover money for the fraud victims . ”
While the FBI plans to double the number of agents working on financial crimes , people within and outside the Justice Department question where the agents will come from and whether that will suffice , the Times said .
Records and interviews show that FBI officials have warned of a looming mortgage threat since 2004 , and asked the Bush administration to fund such nonterrorism investigations , but the requests were denied and no new agents were approved for financial criminal investigation work , the newspaper said .
Internal FBI data shows the cutbacks were especially sharp in areas of white collar crime like mortgage fraud , with more than 600 agents lost , or more than one - third of 2001 levels .
According to Justice Department data , fraud prosecutions directed at financial institutions dropped by nearly one - half from 2000 to 2007 , insurance fraud cases fell 75 percent and securities fraud decreased by 17 percent , the Times said .
“ The administration ’s top priority since the 9/11 attacks has been counterterrorism , ” Justice Department spokesman Peter Carr told the paper .
“ In part , that ’s reflected by a significant investment of resources at the FBI to answer the call from Congress and the American public to become a domestic intelligence agency , in addition to a law enforcement agency . ”
According to the Times , several former law enforcement officials said that senior administration officials , notably those at the White House and the Treasury Department , made clear that they were concerned the Justice Department and the FBI were taking an anti-business attitude that could inhibit corporate risk - taking .
One former official said some in the administration characterized aggressive corporate prosecutions as “ over - deterrence . ”
ABOUT THIS SERIES
This is the second in a series of occasional articles that will examine how DNA evidence is transforming criminal justice .
--
State crime lab analyst Kathryn Troyer was running tests on Arizona ’s DNA database when she stumbled across two felons with remarkably similar genetic profiles .
Advertisement
The men matched at nine of the 13 locations on chromosomes , or loci , commonly used to distinguish people .
The FBI estimated the odds of unrelated people sharing those genetic markers to be as remote as 1 in 113 billion .
But the mug shots of the two felons suggested that they were not related :
One was black , the other white .
In the years after her 2001 discovery , Troyer found dozens of similar matches -- each seeming to defy impossible odds .
As word spread , these findings by a little - known lab worker raised questions about the accuracy of the FBI ’s DNA statistics and ignited a legal fight over whether the nation ’s genetic databases ought to be opened to wider scrutiny .
Advertisement
The FBI laboratory , which administers the national DNA database system , tried to stop distribution of Troyer ’s results and began an aggressive behind - the - scenes campaign to block similar searches elsewhere , even those ordered by courts , a Times investigation found .
At stake is the credibility of the compelling odds often cited in DNA cases , which can suggest an all but certain link between a suspect and a crime scene .
When DNA from such clues as blood or skin cells matches a suspect ’s genetic profile , it can seal his fate with a jury , even in the absence of other evidence .
As questions arise about the reliability of ballistic , bite - mark and even fingerprint analysis , genetic evidence has emerged as the forensic gold standard , often portrayed in courtrooms as unassailable .
But DNA “ matches ” are not always what they appear to be .
Although a person ’s genetic makeup is unique , his genetic profile -- just a tiny sliver of the full genome -- may not be .
Siblings often share genetic markers at several locations , and even unrelated people can share some by coincidence .
Advertisement
No one knows precisely how rare DNA profiles are .
The odds presented in court are the FBI ’s best estimates .
The Arizona search was , in effect , the first test of those estimates in a large state database , and the results were surprising , even to some experts .
--
Lawyers seek searches
Advertisement
Defense attorneys seized on the Arizona discoveries as evidence that genetic profiles match more often than the official statistics imply -- and are far from unique , as the FBI has sometimes suggested .
Now , lawyers around the country are asking for searches of their own state databases .
Several scientists and legal experts want to test the accuracy of official statistics using the 6 million profiles in CODIS , the national system that includes most state and local databases .
“ DNA is terrific and nobody doubts it , but because it is so powerful , any chinks in its armor ought to be made as salient and clear as possible so jurors will not be overwhelmed by the seeming certainty of it , ” said David Faigman , a professor at UC Hastings College of the Law , who specializes in scientific evidence .
Advertisement
FBI officials argue that , under their interpretation of federal law , use of CODIS is limited to criminal justice agencies .
In their view , defense attorneys are allowed access to information about their specific cases , not the databases in general .
Bureau officials say critics have exaggerated or misunderstood the implications of Troyer ’s discoveries .
Indeed , experts generally agree that most -- but not all -- of the Arizona matches were to be expected statistically because of the unusual way Troyer searched for them .
In a typical criminal case , investigators look for matches to a specific profile .
But the Arizona search looked for any matches among all the thousands of profiles in the database , greatly increasing the odds of finding them .
Advertisement
As a result , Thomas Callaghan , head of the FBI ’s CODIS unit , has dismissed Troyer ’s findings as “ misleading ” and “ meaningless . ”
He urged authorities in several states to object to Arizona - style searches , advising them to tell courts that the probes could violate the privacy of convicted offenders , tie up crucial databases and even lead the FBI to expel offending states from CODIS -- a penalty that could cripple states ’ ability to solve crimes .
In one case , Callaghan advised state officials to raise the risk of expulsion with a judge but told the officials that expulsion was unlikely to actually happen , according to a record of the conversation filed in court .
In an interview with The Times , Callaghan denied any effort to mislead the court .
Advertisement
The FBI ’s arguments have persuaded courts in California and other states to block the searches .
But in at least two states , judges overruled the objections .
The resulting searches found nearly 1,000 more pairs that matched at nine or more loci .
“ I can appreciate why the FBI is worried about this , ” said David Kaye , an expert on science and the law at Arizona State University and former member of a national committee that studied forensic DNA .
But “ people ’s lives do ride on this evidence , ” he said .
“ It has got to be explained . ”
Advertisement
--
Concerned about errors
From her first discovery in 2001 , Troyer and her colleagues in the Arizona Department of Public Safety ’s Phoenix DNA lab were intrigued .
At the time , many states looked at only nine or fewer loci when searching for suspects .
( States now commonly attempt to compare 13 loci , and they may be able to search for more in the future .
But even now , in many cases , fewer than 13 loci are discernible from crime scene evidence because of contamination or because of degradation over time . )
Advertisement
Based on Troyer ’s results , she and her colleagues believed that a nine - locus match could point investigators to the wrong person .
“ We felt it was interesting and just wanted people to understand it could happen , ” said Troyer , who initially declined to be interviewed , then cautiously discussed her findings by telephone , with her bosses on the line .
“ If you ’re going to search at nine loci , you need to be aware of what it means , ” said Todd Griffith , director of the Phoenix lab .
“ It ’s not necessarily absolutely the guy . ”
Troyer made a simple poster for a national conference of DNA analysts .
It showed photos of the white man and the younger black man next to their remarkably similar genetic profiles .
Advertisement
Some who saw the poster said they had seen similar matches in their own labs .
Bruce Budowle , an FBI scientist who specializes in forensic DNA , told colleagues of Troyer that such coincidental matches were to be expected .
Three years later , Bicka Barlow , a San Francisco defense attorney , came across a description of Troyer ’s poster on the Internet .
Its implications became clear as she prepared to defend a client accused of a 20 - year - old rape and murder .
Advertisement
A database search had found a nine - locus match between his DNA profile and semen found in the victim ’s body .
Based on FBI estimates , the prosecutor said the odds of a coincidental match were as remote as 1 in 108 trillion .
Recalling the Arizona discovery , Barlow wondered if there might be similar coincidental matches in California ’s database -- the world ’s third - largest , with 360,000 DNA profiles at the time .
The attorney called Troyer in Phoenix to learn more .
Troyer seemed eager to talk about her discovery , which still had her puzzled , Barlow recalled .
The analyst told Barlow she had searched the growing Arizona database since the conference and found more pairs of profiles matching at nine and even 10 loci .
Encouraged , Barlow subpoenaed a new search of the Arizona database .
Among about 65,000 felons , there were 122 pairs that matched at nine of 13 loci .
Twenty pairs matched at 10 loci .
One matched at 11 and one at 12 , though both later proved to belong to relatives .
Advertisement
Barlow was stunned .
At the time , such matches were almost unheard of .
That same year , Fred Bieber , a Harvard professor and expert in forensic DNA , testified in an unrelated criminal case that just once had he seen a pair of profiles matching at nine of 13 markers , and they belonged to brothers .
He had heard of a 10 - locus match between two men , but it was the result of incest -- a man whose father was also his older brother .
Indeed , since 2000 , the FBI has treated certain rare DNA profiles as essentially unique -- attributable to a single individual “ to a reasonable degree of scientific certainty . ”
Other crime labs have adopted the policy , and some no longer tell jurors there is even a possibility of a coincidental match .
Advertisement
Soon after Barlow received the results , Callaghan , the head of the FBI ’s DNA database unit , reprimanded Troyer ’s lab in Phoenix , saying it should have sought the permission of the FBI before complying with the court ’s order in the San Francisco case .
Asked later whether Callaghan had threatened her lab , Troyer said in court , “ I would n’t say it ’s been threatened , but we have been reminded . ”
Dwight Adams , director of the FBI lab at the time , faxed Griffith , Troyer ’s boss , a letter saying the Arizona state lab was “ under review ” for releasing the search results .
“ While we understand that the Arizona Department of Public Safety , acting in good faith , complied with a proper judicial court order in the release of the nine - loci search of your offender DNA records , this release of DNA data was not authorized , ” Adams wrote , asking Arizona to take “ appropriate corrective action . ”
Advertisement
Arizona officials obtained a court order to prevent Barlow from sharing the results with anyone else .
But it was too late .
After a judge found the Arizona results to be irrelevant in Barlow ’s case , the defense attorney e-mailed them to a network of her colleagues and DNA experts around the country .
Soon , defense lawyers in other states were seeking what came to be known as “ Arizona searches . ”
--
Advertisement
‘ Do n’t panic ’
For years , DNA ’s strength in the courtroom has been the brute power of its numbers .
It ’s hard to argue with odds like 1 in 100 billion .
Troyer ’s discovery threatened to turn the tables on prosecutors .
At first blush , the Arizona matches appeared to contradict those statistics and the popular notion that DNA profiles , like DNA , were essentially unique .
Law enforcement experts scrambled to explain .
Advertisement
Three months after the court - ordered search in Arizona , Steven Myers , a senior DNA analyst at the California Department of Justice , gave a presentation to the Assn. of California Crime Lab Analysts .
It was titled “ Do n’t Panic ” -- a hint at the alarm Troyer ’s discovery had set off .
Many of the Arizona matches were predictable , Myers said , given the type of search Troyer had conducted .
In a database search for a criminal case , a crime scene sample would have been compared to every profile in the database -- about 65,000 comparisons .
But Troyer compared all 65,000 profiles in Arizona ’s database to each other , resulting in about 2 billion comparisons .
Each comparison made it more likely she would find a match .
When this “ database effect ” was considered , about 100 of the 144 matches Troyer had found were to be expected statistically , Myers found .
Advertisement
Troyer ’s search also looked for matches at any of 13 genetic locations , while in a real criminal case the analyst would look for a particular profile -- making a match far less likely .
Further , any nonmatching markers would immediately rule out a suspect .
In the case of the black and white men who matched at nine loci , the four loci that differed -- if available from crime scene evidence -- would have ensured that the wrong man was not implicated .
The presence of relatives in the database could also account for some of Troyer ’s findings , the FBI and other experts say .
Whether that ’s the case would require cumbersome research because the databases do n’t contain identifying information , they say .
--
Advertisement
Flaws in assumptions ?
Some scientists are not satisfied by these explanations .
They wonder whether Troyer ’s findings signal flaws in the complex assumptions that underlie the FBI ’s rarity estimates .
In the 1990s , FBI scientists estimated the rarity of each genetic marker by extrapolating from sample populations of a few hundred people from various ethnic or racial groups .
The estimates for each marker are multiplied across all 13 loci to come up with a rarity estimate for the entire profile .
These estimates make assumptions about how populations mate and whether genetic markers are independent of each other .
They also do n’t account for relatives .
Advertisement
Bruce Weir , a statistician at the University of Washington who has studied the issue , said these assumptions should be tested empirically in the national database system .
“ Instead of saying we predict there will be a match , let ’s open it up and look , ” Weir said .
Some experts predict that given the rapid growth of CODIS , such a search would produce one or more examples of unrelated people who are identical at all 13 loci .
Such a discovery was once unimaginable .
Advertisement
--
‘ Dire consequences ’
In January 2006 , not long after Barlow distributed the results of the court - ordered search in Arizona , the FBI sent out a nationwide alert to crime labs warning of similar defense requests .
Soon after , the bureau ’s arguments against the searches were being made in courtrooms around the country .
Advertisement
In California , Michael Chamberlain , a state Department of Justice official , persuaded judges that such a search could have “ dire consequences ” -- violating the privacy of convicted offenders , shutting down the database for days and risking the state ’s expulsion from the FBI ’s national DNA system .
All this for a search whose results would be irrelevant and misleading to jurors , Chamberlain argued .
When similar arguments were made in an Arizona case , the judge ruled that the search would be “ nothing more than an interesting deep sea fishing expedition . ”
But in Illinois and Maryland , courts ordered the searches to proceed , despite opposition from the FBI and state officials at every turn .
In July 2006 , after Chicago - area defense attorneys sought a database search on behalf of a murder suspect , the FBI ’s Callaghan held a telephone conference with Illinois crime lab officials .
Advertisement
The topic was “ how to fight this , ” according to lab officials ’ summary of the conversation , which later became part of the court record .
Callaghan suggested they tell the judge that Illinois could be disconnected from the national database system , the summary shows .
Callaghan then told the lab officials “ it would in fact be unlikely that IL would be disconnected , ” according to the summary .
In an interview , Callaghan disputed he said that .
“ I did n’t say it was unlikely to happen , ” he said .
“ I was asked specifically , what ’s the likelihood here ?
I said , I do n’t know , but it takes a lot for a state to be cut off from the national database . ”
Advertisement
A week later , the judge ordered the search .
Lawyers for the lab then took the matter to the Illinois Supreme Court , arguing in part that Illinois could lose its access to the federal DNA database .
The high court refused to block the search .
The result : 903 pairs of profiles matching at nine or more loci in a database of about 220,000 .
State officials obtained a court order to prevent distribution of the results .
The Times obtained them from a scientist who works closely with the FBI .
--
Advertisement
A ‘unilateral decision ’
A similar fight occurred in a death penalty case in Maryland during the summer and fall of 2006 .
The prosecutor saw a DNA match between a baseball cap dropped at the crime scene and the suspect as so definitive that he did n’t plan to tell the jury about the chance of a coincidental match , records show .
Seeking to cast doubt on the evidence , the defense persuaded the judge to order an “ Arizona search ” of the Maryland database .
The state did not comply .
Advertisement
After the defense filed a contempt - of - court motion , Michelle Groves , the state ’s DNA administrator , argued in court and in an affidavit that , based on conversations with Callaghan at the FBI , she believed the request was burdensome and possibly illegal .
According to Groves , Callaghan had told her that complying with the court order could lead Maryland to be disconnected from CODIS -- a result Groves ’ lawyer said would be “ catastrophic . ”
Groves ’ affidavit was edited by FBI officials and the technology contractor that designed CODIS , court records show .
Before submitting the affidavit , Groves wrote the group an e-mail saying , “ Let ’s see if this will work , ” the records show .
It did n’t .
After the judge , Steven Platt , rejected her arguments , Groves returned to court , saying the search was too risky .
FBI officials had now warned her that it could corrupt the entire state database , something they would not help fix , she told the court .
Advertisement
Platt reaffirmed his earlier order , decrying Callaghan ’s “ unilateral ” decision to block the search .
“ The court will not accept the notion that the extent of a person ’s due process rights hinges solely on whether some employee of the FBI chooses to authorize the use of the [ database ] software , ” Platt wrote .
The search went ahead in January 2007 .
The system did not go down , nor was Maryland expelled from the national database system .
In a database of fewer than 30,000 profiles , 32 pairs matched at nine or more loci .
Three of those pairs were “ perfect ” matches , identical at 13 out of 13 loci .
Advertisement
Experts say they most likely are duplicates or belong to identical twins or brothers .
It ’s also possible that one of the matches is between unrelated people -- defying odds as remote as 1 in 1 quadrillion .
Maryland officials never did the research to find out .
--
jason.felch@latimes.com
Advertisement
maura.dolan@latimes.com
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Matching profiles
Advertisement
As databases grow , so do the chances of finding a coincidental match .
Three states have searched their DNA databases for pairs of profiles that have nine or more genetic markers in common .
The more profiles in the database , the more matches were found .
Maryland : 33 matches in a database of 20,000 profiles
Arizona : 144 matches in a database of 65,000 profiles
Illinois : 903 matches in a database of 230,000 profiles
Advertisement
California : State database has more than 1 million profiles .
Several search requests have been denied .
FBI : The national DNA database , maintained by the FBI , has almost 6 million DNA profiles .
It has never been searched for such coincidental matches .
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Advertisement
Birthday paradox
Experts use an analogy called the birthday paradox to explain that the way you search for a DNA profile can dramatically affect your chances of finding a match .
In some circumstances , matches are far more likely than many people think .
Imagine you ’re at a party with 99 other guests .
If you randomly pull aside one of them , the odds he or she will share your day and month of birth are 1 in 365 .
But the probability that anyone at the party shares your birthday is far higher : about 1 in 4 .
When you compare your birthday with 99 other people ’s , each comparison makes a match more likely .
( The math : Multiply the odds of 1/365 by 99 , the number of comparisons , to get the approximate probability . )
Advertisement
For the same reason , the odds that anyone at the party shares a birthday with anyone else are higher still .
In fact , it ’s almost a certainty .
As everyone looked for a match with everyone else , they made 4,950 comparisons .
( The math : Multiply 100 people by the 99 other guests they compare themselves with , then divide by two because people who compare with each other count as a single comparison . )
How many people need to be at the party for it to be likely that two guests share a birthday ?
The answer may surprise you : just 23 .
David Kopel , November 20 , 2008 at 7:41 pm ]
Trackbacks Eric Holder on firearms policy : Earlier this year , Eric Holder -- along with Janet Reno and several other former officials from the Clinton Department of Justice -- co - signed an amicus brief in District of Columbia v. Heller .
The brief was filed in support of DC 's ban on all handguns , and ban on the use of any firearm for self - defense in the home .
The brief argued that the Second Amendment is a " collective " right , not an individual one , and asserted that belief in the collective right had been the consistent policy of the U.S. Department of Justice since the FDR administration .
A brief filed by some other former DOJ officials ( including several Attorneys General , and Stuart Gerson , who was Acting Attorney General until Janet Reno was confirmed ) took issue with the Reno - Holder brief 's characterization of DOJ 's viewpoint .
But at the least , the Reno - Holder brief accurately expressed the position of the Department of Justice when Janet Reno was Attorney General and Eric Holder was Deputy Attorney General .
At the oral argument before the Fifth Circuit in United States v. Emerson , the Assistant U.S. Attorney told the panel that the Second Amendment was no barrier to gun confiscation , not even of the confiscation of guns from on - duty National Guardsmen .
As Deputy Attorney General , Holder was a strong supporter of restrictive gun control .
He advocated federal licensing of handgun owners , a three day waiting period on handgun sales , rationing handgun sales to no more than one per month , banning possession of handguns and so - called " assault weapons " ( cosmetically incorrect guns ) by anyone under age of 21 , a gun show restriction bill that would have given the federal government the power to shut down all gun shows , national gun registration , and mandatory prison sentences for trivial offenses ( e.g. , giving your son an heirloom handgun for Christmas , if he were two weeks shy of his 21st birthday ) .
He also promoted the factoid that " Every day that goes by , about 12 , 13 more children in this country die from gun violence " - - a statistic is true only if one counts 18 - year - old gangsters who shoot each other as " children . " ( Sources : Holder testimony before House Judiciary Committee , Subcommitee on Crime , May 27,1999 ; Holder Weekly Briefing , May 20 , 2000 .
One of the bills that Holder endorsed is detailed in my 1999 Issue Paper " Unfair and Unconstitutional . " )
After 9/11 , he penned a Washington Post op - ed , " Keeping Guns Away From Terrorists " arguing that a new law should give " the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms a record of every firearm sale . "
He also stated that prospective gun buyers should be checked against the secret " watch lists " compiled by various government entities .
( In an Issue Paper on the watch list proposal , I quote a FBI spokesman stating that there is no cause to deny gun ownership to someone simply because she is on the FBI list . )
After the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the D.C. handgun ban and self - defense ban were unconstitutional in 2007 , Holder complained that the decision " opens the door to more people having more access to guns and putting guns on the streets . "
Holder played a key role in the gunpoint , night - time kidnapping of Elian Gonzalez .
The pretext for the paramilitary invasion of the six - year - old 's home was that someone in his family might have been licensed to carry a handgun under Florida law .
Although a Pulitzer Prize - winning photo showed a federal agent dressed like a soldier and pointing a machine gun at the man who was holding the terrified child , Holder claimed that Gonzalez " was not taken at the point of a gun " and that the federal agents whom Holder had sent to capture Gonzalez had acted " very sensitively . "
If Mr. Holder believes that breaking down a door with a battering ram , pointing guns at children ( not just Elian ) , and yelling " Get down , get down , we 'll shoot " is example of acting " very sensitively , " his judgment about the responsible use of firearms is not as acute as would be desirable for a cabinet officer who would be in charge of thousands and thousands of armed federal agents , many of them paramilitary agents with machine guns .
The mayor of an Australian outback mining town who suggested that " beauty disadvantaged " women might want to move to his male - dominated municipality has now finally achieved formal recognition to match his international notoriety : the official title of sexist of the year .
John Malony , the mayor of Mount Isa in northern Queensland , where men outnumber woman five to one , made the headlines in August for his unusual appeal .
" Quite often you will see walking down the street a lass who is not so attractive with a wide smile on her face , " he said by way of encouragement .
Malony received the top prize at the Golden Ernie awards , a women - only event held at the New South Wales state parliament in Sydney , where recipients are chosen by the volume of boos , jeers and foot - stamping .
The founder of the awards – named after Ernie Ecob , a trade union leader renowned for his sexist remarks – said the motto of the event was " keep them nervous " .
" I think the message is ever vigilant , ever watchful , keeping blokes on their toes and making sure that we name and shame them , " Meredith Burgmann , a New South Wales MP , told state radio .
Malony narrowly pipped Troy Buswell , the former opposition leader in western Australia , who won the political Ernie after being accused earlier this year of sniffing a female colleague 's chair and snapping a bra strap .
The Channel Nine TV network won two gongs , one for sacking a senior female reporter while she was on maternity leave .
At the time , the network 's head of news , John Westacott , reportedly said female reporters should be sexually attractive .
" Sheilas do health and consumer stories .
You want your blokes , your main guns , doing the real news stories , " he said .
A sports presenter for the channel won the sporting award for , among other actions , attaching an image of the face of a female newspaper sports writer to a mannequin and groping it while on television .
Sophie Mirabella , an MP for the Liberal party , took home the Elaine award , handed to women undermining their own gender , for taunting Australia 's deputy prime minister , Julia Gillard , for being childless .
Part I : Query Input
The more you know about how Google works , its features , its capabilities , and how it displays results , the better it can serve your needs .
A query is the request you send to Google .
This part of Google Guide explains how to write a query that will help you find just what you want .
If you have little or no experience with Google , read on .
Otherwise , skip ahead to Going Directly to the 1st Result .
If your browser is n’t pointing to Google , visit Google ’s home page by entering one of the following web addresses into your browser : http://www.google.com/
( the full web address for Google )
www.google.com ( a common abbreviation for Google ’s web address )
google.com [ … ] ... read all of : Entering a Query
This page was last modified on : Monday August 11 , 2008
Click on the I ’m Feeling Lucky button on Google ’s home page to go directly to the first result for your query .
Instead of showing you a list of pages , Google sends you immediately to the result that may be most relevant to your query .
For example , if you enter the query [ california driving ] ( without the [ … ] ... read all of : Going Directly to the First Result
This page was last modified on : Tuesday March 13 , 2007
The search terms you enter and the order in which you enter them affect both the order and pages that appear in your search results .
In the examples below , click on the similar ways of specifying various searches and note how the results differ .
For simplicity sake , this tutorial uses square brackets to denote Google ’s search [ … ] ... read all of : Selecting Search Terms
This page was last modified on : Sunday February 26 , 2012
Understanding how Google treats your search terms will help you devise effective queries and revise ineffective ones .
1. All Search Terms Count Google returns only pages that match all your search terms .
A search for [ compact fold - up bicycle ] finds pages containing the words “ compact ” and “ fold - up ” and “ bicycle . ”
Because you do n’t need to include the word AND between your [ … ] ... read all of : Interpreting Your Query
This page was last modified on : Sunday February 26 , 2012
By using special characters and operators , such as " " , – , ~ , .. , * , OR , and quotation marks around a phrase , you can fine - tune your search query and increase the accuracy of its results .
For details , click an operator above or look in the following seven pages : Quoted Phrases
Quotation Marks Replace the +
Operator
The – Operator
The ~ Operator
The [ … ] ... read all of : Crafting Your Query by using Special Characters
This page was last modified on : Sunday February 26 , 2012
To search for a phrase , a proper name , or a set of words in a specific order , put them in double quotes .
A query with terms in quotes finds pages containing the exact quoted phrase .
For example , [ “ Larry Page “ ] finds pages containing the phrase “ Larry Page ” exactly .
So this query would find pages mentioning Google ’s co-founder [ … ] ... read all of : Quoted Phrases
This page was last modified on : Tuesday May 1 , 2007
Google elimiated the + operator in October 2011 and expanded the capabilities of the quotation marks ( ” ” ) operator .
In addition to using this operator to search for an exact phrase , you can now add quotation marks around a single word to tell Google to match that word precisely .
So , if in the past you would [ … ] ... read all of : Quotation Marks Replace the +
Operator
This page was last modified on : Sunday February 26 , 2012
Precede each term you do not want to appear in any result with a “ – ” sign .
To find pages without a particular term , put a – sign operator in front of the word in the query .
The – sign indicates that you want to subtract or exclude pages that contain a specific term .
Do not put [ … ] ... read all of : The - Operator
This page was last modified on : Tuesday May 1 , 2007
Find synonyms by preceding the term with a ~ , which is known as the tilde or synonym operator .
The tilde ( ~ ) operator takes the word immediately following it and searches both for that specific word and for the word ’s synonyms .
It also searches for the term with alternative endings .
The tilde operator works best when applied [ … ] ... read all of : The ~ Operator
This page was last modified on : Sunday December 16 , 2012
Specify synonyms or alternative forms with an uppercase OR or | ( vertical bar ) .
The OR operator , for which you may also use | ( vertical bar ) , applies to the search terms immediately adjacent to it .
The first and second examples will find pages that include either “ Tahiti ” or “ Hawaii ” or both terms , but not pages that contain [ … ] ... read all of : The OR and | Operators
This page was last modified on : Tuesday May 1 , 2007
Specify that results contain numbers in a range by specifying two numbers , separated by two periods , with no spaces .
For example , specify that you are searching in the price range $ 250 to $ 1000 using the number range specification $ 250 ..$ 1000 . [ recumbent bicycle $ 250 ..$ 1000 ]
Find the year the Russian Revolution took place .
[ Russian Revolution 1800..2000 ] tags ( keywords ) : fine tune , narrowing search , numbers , [ … ] ... read all of :
The ..
Operator
This page was last modified on : Thursday July 12 , 2007
Use * , an asterisk character , known as a wildcard , to match one or more words in a phrase ( enclosed in quotes ) .
Each * represents just one or more words .
Google treats the * as a placeholder for a word or more than one word .
For example , [ “ Google * my life “ ] tells Google to find pages containing [ … ] ... read all of : The * Operator
This page was last modified on : Friday July 20 , 2007
This table summarizes how to use the basic search operators described in this chapter .
You may include any of these operators multiple times in a query .
Notation
Find result
Example term1 term2
with both term1 and term2
[ carry - on luggage ] term1 OR term2 term1 | term2
with either term1 or term2 or both [ Tahiti OR Hawaii ]
[ Tahiti | Hawaii ] " term "
with term ( Put quotation marks around terms that are stop words [ … ] ... read all of : Special Characters : Summary
This page was last modified on : Sunday February 26 , 2012
When you do n’t find what you ’re seeking , consider specifying more precisely what you want by using Google ’s Advanced Search feature .
Do n’t be frightened by the name “ Advanced Search ” ; it ’s easy to use , and it allows you to select or exclude pages with more precision than Google ’s standard search box .
Click on the Advanced Search link [ … ] ... read all of : Advanced Search Form
This page was last modified on : Sunday August 10 , 2008
11 . Alerts
Once you ’ve refined your Advanced Search , you can watch for changes in the top 20 results by setting up Google Alerts .
Google will find and deliver links to new web pages once a week , once a day , or as soon as Google finds them .
Simply copy and paste your advanced search query into the search [ … ] ... read all of : Other Search Forms
This page was last modified on : Tuesday May 1 , 2007
Refining a query means changing or adding to the set of search terms to do a better job of returning the pages you ’re seeking .
Successful researchers frequently enter several queries to find what they ’re seeking .
The search boxes at the top and bottom of the results page show the query for the current results page .
If [ … ] ... read all of : Refining a Query
This page was last modified on : Tuesday May 1 , 2007
If you already know how to read a web address or URL ( Universal Resource Locator , pronounced “ you are ell ” ) , skip this section .
Otherwise , consider the web address
http://www.googleguide.com/searchEngines/google/searchLeader.html.
Here ’s what it all means : http
transfer protocol ( type of information being transferred ) www.googleguide.com
website name , host name googleguide
second - level domain name com
top - level domain name searchEngines
directory name ( major category ) google
sub - directory name ( sub- category ) searchLeader
file name ( a file within the directory ) html
file format
Here ’s a list [ … ] ... read all of : Anatomy of a Web Address
This page was last modified on : Tuesday May 1 , 2007
You can use most of the options we discussed in Google ’s Advanced Search Form in a regular search box query .
If you ’re a frequent searcher or a “ power searcher , ” this can save time because you do n’t need to open the Advanced Search page and fill in various boxes ; instead , you can enter the refined query [ … ] ... read all of : Using Search Operators
This page was last modified on : Sunday August 24 , 2008
The following table lists the search operators that work with each Google search service .
Click on an operator to jump to its description — or , to read about all of the operators , simply scroll down and read all of this page .
Search Service
Search Operators Web Search
allinanchor : , allintext : , allintitle : , allinurl : , cache : , define : , filetype : , id : , inanchor : , info : , intext : , intitle : , [ … ] ... read all of : Search Operators
This page was last modified on : Sunday February 26 , 2012
— Next Page »
For Google tips , tricks , & how Google works , visit Google Guide at www.GoogleGuide.com.
Google Guide is neither affiliated with nor endorsed by Google .
By Nancy Blachman and Jerry Peek who are n't Google employees .
For permission to copy & create derivative works , visit Google Guide 's Creative Commons License webpage .
Please send us suggestions for how we can improve Google Guide .
Google has begun to crowd out other brands .
I was a loyal MapQuest guy , but as Google Maps added features , it seemed cumbersome to go elsewhere .
And even something as specific as HopStop , an elegant tool I used to navigate the New York subways , is left behind as Google gets smarter about the difference between the N - R line and the A - C - E .
I ’m getting ready for the Oscar season , so I needed to set up some relevant R.S.S. feeds , and Google Reader was handy , so there ’s that .
It ’s easy to update my status under my chat icon while I ’m on Gmail , so I tend to update that mood ring with more frequency than my Facebook status .
When Google acquired YouTube , it gained another chunk of my mindshare .
And then a few weeks ago , I noticed there was a steady march of new little camera icons on the Gmail chat function .
I looked around and saw a colored button at the top of my e-mail page that was a link to Google voice and video chat .
I clicked it , hit the download button , and within 20 seconds , I was ready to go .
It ’s not the first video chatting that I have done , only the first that actually worked well .
Within minutes of downloading , I was talking live on my PC to my 11 - year - old daughter on a Mac , a process that in the past would have involved everything short of splitting the atom .
Then I told my twins away at college and yes , my mother - in - law about it , and before long we were all chatting away in an easy , friction - free future .
Score another one for the Googleplex .
You could credit Google , the largest ad seller in the world , with being a brilliant marketer and advertiser , but when was the last time you saw an ad , not served up by Google , but about Google ?
Not very often .
That ’s largely because Google ’s Web platform , in all of its high - functioning glory , is its marketing .
A McCain supporter yells at Obama supporters before McCain and Palin arrive at a rally , Oct. 8 , 2008 , in Strongsville , Ohio .
Panic attacks : Voters unload at GOP rallies
The unmistakable momentum behind Barack Obama 's campaign , combined with worry that John McCain is not doing enough to stop it , is ratcheting up fears and frustrations among conservatives .
And nowhere is this emotion on plainer display than at Republican rallies , where voters this week have shouted out insults at the mention of Obama , pleaded with McCain to get more aggressive with the Democrat and generally demonstrated the sort of visceral anger and unease that reflects a party on the precipice of panic .
Advertisement
The calendar is closing and the polls , at least right now , are not .
With McCain passing up the opportunity to level any tough personal shots in his first two debates and the very real prospect of an Obama presidency setting in , the sort of hard - core partisan activists who turn out for campaign events are venting in unusually personal terms .
" Terrorist ! ” one man screamed Monday at a New Mexico rally after McCain voiced the campaign ’s new rhetorical staple aimed at raising doubts about the Illinois senator : “ Who is the real Barack Obama ? ”
" He 's a damn liar ! ” yelled a woman Wednesday in Pennsylvania .
" Get him .
He 's bad for our country . "
At both stops , there were cries of , “ Nobama , ” picking up on a phrase that has appeared on yard signs , T - shirts and bumper stickers .
And Thursday , at a campaign town hall in Wisconsin , one Republican brought the crowd to its feet when he used his turn at the microphone to offer a soliloquy so impassioned it made the network news and earned extended play on Rush Limbaugh ’s program .
“ I ’m mad ; I ’m really mad ! ” the voter bellowed .
“ And what ’s going to surprise ya , is it ’s not the economy — it ’s the socialists taking over our country . ”
After the crowd settled down he was back at it .
“ When you have an Obama , Pelosi and the rest of the hooligans up there gonna run this country , we gotta have our head examined ! ”
Such contempt for Democrats is , of course , nothing new from conservative activists .
But in 2000 and 2004 , the Republican rank and file was more apt to ridicule Gore as a stiff fabulist or Kerry as an effete weather vane of a politician .
“ Flip - flop , flip - flop , ” went the cry at Republican rallies four years ago , often with footwear to match the chant .
Now , though , the emotion on display is unadulterated anger rather than mocking .
Activists outside rallies openly talk about Obama as a terrorist , citing his name and purported ties to Islam in the fashion of the viral e-mails that have rocketed around the Internet for over a year now .
Some of this activity is finding its way into the events , too .
On Thursday , as one man in the audience asked a question about Obama ’s associations , the crowd erupted in name - calling .
" Obama Osama ! " one woman called out .
And twice this week , local officials have warmed up the crowd by railing against “ Barack Hussein Obama . ”
Both times , McCain ’s campaign has issued statements disavowing the use of the Democrat ’s full name .
A McCain aide said they tell individuals speaking before every event not to do so .
“ Sometimes people just do what they want , ” explained the aide .
The raw emotions worry some in the party who believe the broader swath of swing voters are far more focused on their dwindling retirement accounts than on Obama ’s background and associations and will be turned off by footage of the McCain events .
John Weaver , McCain ’s former top strategist , said top Republicans have a responsibility to temper this behavior .
“ People need to understand , for moral reasons and the protection of our civil society , the differences with Sen .
Obama are ideological , based on clear differences on policy and a lack of experience compared to Sen. McCain , ” Weaver said .
“ And from a purely practical political vantage point , please find me a swing voter , an undecided independent , or a torn female voter that finds an angry mob mentality attractive . ”
“ Sen . Obama is a classic liberal with an outdated economic agenda .
We should take that agenda on in a robust manner .
As a party we should not and must not stand by as the small amount of haters in our society question whether he is as American as the rest of us .
Shame on them and shame on us if we allow this to take hold . ”
But , if it were up to them , such hard - edged tactics are clearly what many in the party base would like to use against Obama .
That McCain has so far seemed reluctant to do so has frustrated Republicans .
“ It 's time that you two are representing us , and we are mad , ” reiterated the boisterous Republican at McCain ’s town hall in Wisconsin Thursday .
“ So go get 'em ! ”
" I am begging you , sir , I am begging you — take it to him , " pleaded James T. Harris , a local talk radio host at the same event , earning an extended standing ovation .
“ Yosemite Sam is having the law laid down to him today in Waukesha , Wis. , ” quipped Limbaugh on his show Thursday , referring to the GOP nominee .
“ This guy , this audience member , is exactly right , ” the conservative talk show host said of the first individual .
“ You are running for president .
You have a right to defend this country .
You have a responsibility to defend this country and not just fulfill some dream you had eight years ago running for president against Bush .
It 's time to start naming names and explain what 's actually going on , because , Sen.
McCain , the people of this country are dead scared about what we face if you lose . ”
John J. Pitney Jr. , a political science professor at California ’s Claremont McKenna College and former Republican operative , suggested core Republicans were acting out their longstanding frustrations with their self - proclaimed maverick nominee .
“ McCain has always frustrated the Republican base , ” Pitney said .
“ In this campaign , he has alternated between partisan attacks and calls for bipartisan cooperation .
It ’s nice that he thinks he can round up congressional votes the way a border collie rounds up sheep .
But you ca n’t be a border collie and a pit bull at the same time .
The crowds want a pit bull . ”
There is also the belief that taking out Obama is the only way to win .
“ They know that when McCain has taken off the Senate mantle and put the stick to Obama ( celebrity ad , as a case in point ) , we get movement in the polls , ” said Rick Wilson , a GOP consultant not working on the presidential race .
“ They want McCain to call out Obama — on the Fannie / Freddie mess , on Wright , on Ayers , on guns , on [ the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ] — because they know that if McCain says it , it penetrates the MSM filter .
... Only McCain and Palin can really drive that message . ”
The two have begun to get more aggressive on many of these topics , with both discussing Ayers in multiple venues Thursday .
The RNC is also going up for the first time with an ad featuring the former domestic terrorist .
It was enough to stir hope that McCain may stay on the offensive , even in Limbaugh , who has often criticized the Arizona senator for working with Democrats more than attacking them .
The radio host praised his sometimes - nemesis for singling out Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) and Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) as partly responsible for the credit crisis .
“ McCain / Palin fired back today in Waukesha , and 15 years of frustration is coming out joyously in the voices of GOP supporters at these rallies , ” Limbaugh wrote in an e-mail , arguing that Republicans were fed up with having been portrayed as the bogeyman for myriad issues since the Clinton years .
But to the exasperation of many in the party , Obama ’s pastor , the most damning of all his associations , remains off - limits , at the express desire of McCain .
Palin ignored Wright and focused on Ayers when she was asked about the two in an interview Thursday with conservative talk show host Laura Ingraham .
And McCain focused on Ayers only when he was asked an open - ended question at the town hall about Obama 's “ associations . ”
“ It is a shame McCain took Wright off the table , ” lamented one prominent Republican operative not working on the race .
“ He is a legitimate issue , and we may look back and realize he was the issue that could have changed the race . ”
For now , though , party members do n't seem to be looking back with regret as much as fearing what lies ahead .
“ McCain is behind in the polls , and the Republicans have no chance of regaining control of Congress , ” Pitney noted .
“ Republicans are facing the prospect of unified Democratic control of the government for the first time since the first two Clinton years .
And even then , Clinton ’s agenda had moderate elements ( e.g. , [ the North American Free Trade Agreement ] and deficit reduction ) .
With Obama , [ Senate Majority Leader Harry ] Reid and [ House Speaker Nancy ]
Pelosi in power , Republicans worry about a hard push for a hard - left agenda . ”
Amie Parnes contributed to this story .
Charles Barkley : Polls ' absolutely useless ' because racists lie David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday October 28 , 2008
Print This Email This Basketball great Charles Barkley has been an enthusiastic supporter of Barack Obama , but he told CNN's Campbell Brown on Monday that even though Obama is far ahead in the polls , he believes " this race is going to be neck - and - neck down to the wire . "
Barkley , who was once known as a prominent black Republican , made it apparent in 2006 that he was fed up , saying " I was a Republican until they lost their minds . "
He suggested at the same time that he might run for governor of his home state of Alabama and now tells Brown that he intends to do so in 2014 .
Barkley 's remark about the presidential race came in response to Brown asking whether he believes in the reality of the " Bradley effect " -- the idea that racist Democrats will lie to a poll - taker rather than admit they are voting for a Republican .
" Of course , that 's real , " Barkley replied .
" If you ask a white person on television , they 're not going to say I 'm not going -- well , actually , some people have said they would never vote for a black guy -- but ... there are some people who you ask them on television say they would vote for a black guy who are ... going to vote for John McCain . "
The existence of a " Bradley effect , " which was first postulated to explain the unexpected outcome of a California governor 's race in 1982 , has never been firmly proven .
Experts have suggested that it may have lapsed , might not affect Obama in the same way as politicians who are more closely identified with black issues , or may amount to at most 5 % of the vote .
" I think the polls are absolutely useless , " Barkley continued .
" Seriously , most people who are racist , they 're not going to answer the question correctly , either on a phone call or on camera .
So I 100 % believe the polls are flat - out useless .
I think this race is going to be neck - and - neck down to the wire . "
Barkley did acknowledge that " I think there are some white people who are going to vote for Barack because he 's going to be better for their financial situation . "
However , he did not believe this would be sufficient to cancel out the Bradley effect .
While Barkley has often expounded on perceived racial injustice in the sports world , he also has faced criticism for flippant remarks made during his playing career .
In 1995 he into trouble when he was overheard saying , " That 's why I hate white people , " and the remark showed up on ESPN .
Barkley explained it had been a joking comment to a white reporter with whom he was friendly and the NBA decided not to take action .
CNN has a transcript of Barkley 's interview here .
This video is from CNN's Election Center , broadcast October 27 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Contribute Now to My Picks Contribute Now to My Picks Harry Layman
Contribute Now to United We Stand - 2008 Contribute Now to United We Stand - 2008 Raymond Vitale
Contribute Now to Colin's Family Challenge Contribute Now to Colin's Family Challenge Colin Campbell
Contribute Now to AAJ Top 10 Contribute Now to AAJ Top 10 AAJ
Contribute Now to Housekeepers Contribute Now to Housekeepers Alan Lopatin
Contribute Now to Paint America Blue Contribute Now to Paint America Blue Stas
Contribute Now to Support Jim Martin - Do It For Max Contribute Now to Support Jim Martin - Do It For Max Supporters of Max Cleland and DotPAC
Contribute Now to Jim Martin - Challenger in Georgia Contribute Now to Jim Martin - Challenger in Georgia Kevin Sullivan
Contribute Now to Democrats Abroad -- Vietnam 100 % for Martin Contribute Now to Democrats Abroad -- Vietnam 100 % for Martin Democrats Abroad -- Vietnam
Contribute Now to Shooting for 60 !
Contribute Now to Shooting for 60 !
Chris Sensenig
Contribute Now to City Name for Jim Martin Contribute Now to City Name for Jim Martin Happylisk
Contribute Now to We Will Win in Geogia Contribute Now to We Will Win in Geogia Blogosphere
Contribute Now to Progressive Blue for Jim Martin ( GA - Sen runoff ) Contribute Now to Progressive Blue for Jim Martin ( GA - Sen runoff ) ProgressiveBlue.com
Contribute Now to The Tavern 's Finest Contribute Now to The Tavern 's Finest Tondees Tavern
Contribute Now to Steve 's List 2008 Contribute Now to Steve 's List 2008 Steve Collins
Contribute Now to Progressive Democrats For America Contribute Now to Progressive Democrats For America THESYNDROME.COM
Contribute Now to Please help Jim Martin become a Senator !
Contribute Now to Please help Jim Martin become a Senator !
Chris Henderson
Contribute Now to Georgia for Jim Martin Contribute Now to Georgia for Jim Martin Supporters of Barack Obama
Contribute Now to Elect Jim Martin for Senate Contribute Now to Elect Jim Martin for Senate Jamie Smith
Contribute Now to Runoff for Change - Help Georgia Send Jim Martin to the Senate !
Contribute Now to Runoff for Change - Help Georgia Send Jim Martin to the Senate !
Melanie Thompson
Contribute Now to Take Action , Atlanta !
Contribute Now to Take Action , Atlanta !
Atlanta Action !
Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Runoff Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Runoff Maggie Mermin
Contribute Now to Toward a Blue Georgia Contribute Now to Toward a Blue Georgia Bob Sawyer
Contribute Now to Montgomery County for Jim Martin Contribute Now to Montgomery County for Jim Martin Montgomery County
Contribute Now to San Francisco for Jim Martin !
Contribute Now to San Francisco for Jim Martin !
Paul Hogarth
Contribute Now to Help Us Bring Change to Georgia Contribute Now to Help Us Bring Change to Georgia Jim Martin for Senate
Contribute Now to ActBlue for Jim Martin Contribute Now to ActBlue for Jim Martin ActBlue
Contribute Now to Bring Change To Georgia Contribute Now to Bring Change To Georgia Al Gore
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for Senate Contribute Now to Jim Martin for Senate Betsy S .
Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Contribute Now to Martin for Senate John Noel
Contribute Now to Martin for Senate - Lee Echols Contribute Now to Martin for Senate - Lee Echols Lee Echols
Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Joseph King
Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Vern McCarty
Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Mary Long
Contribute Now to JIM MARTIN FOR SENATE Contribute Now to JIM MARTIN FOR SENATE Laura Owens
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Willie Burks
Contribute Now to Show Your Pride for Martin ! Contribute Now to Show Your Pride for Martin ! Nicolette Allen , Kyle Bailey , Glen Paul Freedma ...
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Mary Riddle
Contribute Now to JIm Martin for Senate Contribute Now to JIm Martin for Senate Ed Buckley
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for United States Senate 2008 Contribute Now to Jim Martin for United States Senate 2008 Phil Bradley
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Carolyn Wood
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Bill and Dixie Bradley
Contribute Now to California Young Professionals for Jim Martin Contribute Now to California Young Professionals for Jim Martin Meghan Higgins , Scott Hawks , Hank Willson , Kels ...
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for United States Senate Contribute Now to Jim Martin for United States Senate Neal Chandler
Contribute Now to Martin for Senate by David Worley Contribute Now to Martin for Senate by David Worley David Worley
Contribute Now to David Pardue - Martin for Senate Contribute Now to David Pardue - Martin for Senate David Pardue
Contribute Now to The Jed Report Contribute Now to The Jed Report The Jed Report
Contribute Now to NETROOTS FOR JIM MARTIN FOR US SENATE Contribute Now to NETROOTS FOR JIM MARTIN FOR US SENATE VDL ATL
Contribute Now to Sack Saxby with Jim Martin !
Contribute Now to Sack Saxby with Jim Martin !
odinseye2k
Contribute Now to JD 's favorites Contribute Now to JD 's favorites JD
Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Event Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Event Ken Henderson
LGBT & HIV / AIDS Communities for Jim LGBT & HIV / AIDS Communities for Jim Georgia 's LGBT & HIV / AIDS communities and their ...
Contribute Now to 2008 Congress Candidates Contribute Now to 2008 Congress Candidates A Donor
Contribute Now to 60 is Beautiful - Support our Candidates in the Sentorial Swing States Contribute Now to 60 is Beautiful - Support our Candidates in the Sentorial Swing States George
Contribute Now to JIm Martin for GA - Sen Contribute Now to JIm Martin for GA - Sen AtlantaKos
Contribute Now to Show no mercy Contribute Now to Show no mercy Camsteve
Contribute Now to Jeremy 's and Karen 's Picks Contribute Now to Jeremy 's and Karen 's Picks Jeremy E. and Karen G .
Contribute Now to Raise $ 10,000 for Obama !
Contribute Now to Raise $ 10,000 for Obama !
Ari Bronstein
Contribute Now to Jim Martin : The Road to 60 in the Senate Goes Through Georgia Contribute Now to Jim Martin : The Road to 60 in the Senate Goes Through Georgia The AFL - CIO Community
Contribute Now to Ideas Matter Contribute Now to Ideas Matter Tom Hughes
Contribute Now to Give Obama a Governing Majority : StandUp ! for 60 in the Senate Contribute Now to Give Obama a Governing Majority : StandUp ! for 60 in the Senate StandUp !
Contribute Now to The Six US Senators to give us Sixty Contribute Now to The Six US Senators to give us Sixty Mark Mullen
Contribute Now to Jim Martin Fundraising page Contribute Now to Jim Martin Fundraising page David Rein
Contribute Now to Progressive Blue Endorsed Contribute Now to Progressive Blue Endorsed Progressive Blue blog
Contribute Now to Conservative for 2008 Democrats Contribute Now to Conservative for 2008 Democrats Robert W - NC
Contribute Now to Generation Blue for Jim Martin Contribute Now to Generation Blue for Jim Martin Generation Blue
Contribute Now to Senate Races '08 Contribute Now to Senate Races '08 JDS
Contribute Now to Last Ditch Pitch -
Help where it helps !
The Senate !!
Contribute Now to Last Ditch Pitch -
Help where it helps !
The Senate !!
Tom Reiss
Contribute Now to REAL PEOPLE , JIM MARTIN FOR SENATE Contribute Now to REAL PEOPLE , JIM MARTIN FOR SENATE Josh Schactman
Contribute Now to Yes We Can Win The Runoff Contribute Now to Yes We Can Win The Runoff Andrea Hirsch
Contribute Now to Peach to Blue : Runoff Contribute Now to Peach to Blue : Runoff Progressive Electorate
Contribute Now to Martin for Senate - Jay Strongwater Contribute Now to Martin for Senate - Jay Strongwater Jay Strongwater
Contribute Now to Martin for Senate - Julie Childs Contribute Now to Martin for Senate - Julie Childs Julie Childs
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for United States Senate Contribute Now to Jim Martin for United States Senate Dirk McCall
Contribute Now to Blue Georgia !
Contribute Now to Blue Georgia !
Will Mansberger
Contribute Now to Sen. Nan Orrock for Jim Martin Contribute Now to Sen. Nan Orrock for Jim Martin Nan Orrock
Contribute Now to Martin For Senate - McIntyre Contribute Now to Martin For Senate - McIntyre Michael McIntyre
Contribute Now to JIM MARTIN FOR SENATE Contribute Now to JIM MARTIN FOR SENATE Laura Owens
Contribute Now to Spyderchat for the Democrats Contribute Now to Spyderchat for the Democrats Ernie Ball
Contribute Now to Fundraising for Jim Martin Contribute Now to Fundraising for Jim Martin Judy Sophianopoulos
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for Senate Contribute Now to Jim Martin for Senate David Worley
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for Senate Contribute Now to Jim Martin for Senate David Worley
Contribute Now to my candidates Contribute Now to my candidates Joe
Contribute Now to The Swing State Project Endorses Jim Martin Contribute Now to The Swing State Project Endorses Jim Martin The Swing State Project
Contribute Now to The Progressive Electorate Contribute Now to The Progressive Electorate The Progressive Electorate
Contribute Now to Democratic Congress Contribute Now to Democratic Congress Lila Caffery
Contribute Now to Advocates for Democratic Domination Contribute Now to Advocates for Democratic Domination Wendell Green
Contribute Now to Obama and Clinton Supporters for Jim Martin , U. S. Senate Contribute Now to Obama and Clinton Supporters for Jim Martin , U. S. Senate Franklin Delano Williams
Contribute Now to My page Contribute Now to My page Seattle Cyclist
Contribute Now to Support Jim Martin for Senate Contribute Now to Support Jim Martin for Senate Edward Krugman
Contribute Now to BoC supported candidates Contribute Now to BoC supported candidates Nicholas Cohen
Contribute Now to Strive for 60 in the Senate !
Contribute Now to Strive for 60 in the Senate !
Bushwhackers
Contribute Now to Worthy Candidates Contribute Now to Worthy Candidates Stephen Schwartz
Contribute Now to 60 Senate Seats !
Contribute Now to 60 Senate Seats !
Michael
Contribute Now to Dems for a 60 - seat majority Contribute Now to Dems for a 60 - seat majority Zach Hoffman
Contribute Now to Rob's Picks Contribute Now to Rob's Picks Rob Leitzell
Contribute Now to DLOOPS '08 Contribute Now to DLOOPS '08 D.A.L .
Contribute Now to Shane 's Fundraising Page Contribute Now to Shane 's Fundraising Page Shane
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for History and Justice Contribute Now to Jim Martin for History and Justice Greg Smith
Contribute Now to Jim for Georgia Contribute Now to Jim for Georgia Susan Lindsay
Contribute Now to Important Senate Races - and One House Race Contribute Now to Important Senate Races - and One House Race Yashar Hedayat
Contribute Now to Grow To Win Featured Candidate Slate Contribute Now to Grow To Win Featured Candidate Slate Stonewall Democrats
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for Senate Contribute Now to Jim Martin for Senate Maury Herman and Russ Herman
Contribute Now to Hope for 2008 Contribute Now to Hope for 2008 kurmat13
Contribute Now to Stop The Filibusters Contribute Now to Stop The Filibusters Wes Clark
Contribute Now to The 10 Contests of 2008 That Need Your $ $$ Contribute Now to The 10 Contests of 2008 That Need Your $ $$ Rod & Mike
Contribute Now to Help Us Get 60 Pro-worker Votes in the Senate Contribute Now to Help Us Get 60 Pro-worker Votes in the Senate the AFL - CIO community
Contribute Now to Turn a Red State Blue Contribute Now to Turn a Red State Blue Lisa Petersen
Contribute Now to C4O All - Stars Contribute Now to C4O All - Stars Andrew Davey
Contribute Now to Send Jim Martin to the Senate Contribute Now to Send Jim Martin to the Senate Patrick Leahy
Contribute Now to Filibuster Buster !
Contribute Now to Filibuster Buster ! sean mykael
Contribute Now to Able Pragmatic Progressives Contribute Now to Able Pragmatic Progressives Peggy M
Contribute Now to Important Senate Races Contribute Now to Important Senate Races Mike Lux
Contribute Now to Money Where it Matters 08 Contribute Now to Money Where it Matters 08 Jeremiah B Spires
Contribute Now to New Yorkers for 60 Contribute Now to New Yorkers for 60 New Yorkers for 60
Contribute Now to All Justice Insider Candidates Contribute Now to All Justice Insider Candidates AAJ
Contribute Now to Bear Left Contribute Now to Bear Left Ian Lekus
Contribute Now to Road to 60 Contribute Now to Road to 60 MyDD
Contribute Now to 2008 Recount and Runoff Appeal Contribute Now to 2008 Recount and Runoff Appeal Roger Freedman
Contribute Now to HELP JIM MARTIN Contribute Now to HELP JIM MARTIN Penn Payne
Contribute Now to Blue Brick Road To 65 Contribute Now to Blue Brick Road To 65 Change Agent M
Contribute Now to D&D and LF congressional fundraising ho - down Contribute Now to D&D and LF congressional fundraising ho - down Doctor Nick
Contribute Now to Yes We Can , Georgia Runoff Edition !
Contribute Now to Yes We Can , Georgia Runoff Edition !
Nicholas
Contribute Now to UAE Democrats Contribute Now to UAE Democrats Jerald Cumbus
Contribute Now to Help Jim Martin in the Run-off Contribute Now to Help Jim Martin in the Run-off Lizzie Cooper - DSCC NY
Contribute Now to Bloggers for Jim Martin Contribute Now to Bloggers for Jim Martin Chris Bowers , BlogPac
Contribute Now to Unite Progressives Contribute Now to Unite Progressives Star Killer
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for Senate : December 2 Contribute Now to Jim Martin for Senate : December 2 Molly Chase
Contribute Now to DAWGS For Jim Martin Contribute Now to DAWGS For Jim Martin Josh Reif
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for US Senate ( GA Runoff Dec 2 ) Contribute Now to Jim Martin for US Senate ( GA Runoff Dec 2 ) Doug Hall
Contribute Now to Moving Progressively Forward Contribute Now to Moving Progressively Forward Doug Lawton
Contribute Now to Contribute to Al Franken and Jim Martin Contribute Now to Contribute to Al Franken and Jim Martin AAJ
Contribute Now to Jim Martin-- 60 Contribute Now to Jim Martin-- 60 Kwanza Hall
Contribute Now to Help Jim Martin and Barack Obama !
Contribute Now to Help Jim Martin and Barack Obama !
Edward Krugman
Contribute Now to HRC for Jim Martin Contribute Now to HRC for Jim Martin Ken Britt , Lawrie Demorest , Paul Horning and Le ...
Contribute Now to Georgians for Martin ! Contribute Now to Georgians for Martin !
Georgians for Martin !
Contribute Now to Helping President - Elect Obama Govern : The Senate ’s 58th Democratic Seat ( Georgia ) Contribute Now to Helping President - Elect Obama Govern : The Senate ’s 58th Democratic Seat ( Georgia ) Helping President - Elect Obama Govern : The Sena ...
Contribute Now to NY , NJ & CT FOR JIM MARTIN Contribute Now to NY , NJ & CT FOR JIM MARTIN tristateforjimmartin@gmail.com
Contribute Now to Jim by Bruce Contribute Now to Jim by Bruce Bruce Whyte
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for United States Senate Contribute Now to Jim Martin for United States Senate David Brackett
Contribute Now to Send Jim Martin to the US Senate Contribute Now to Send Jim Martin to the US Senate Wayne & Jane Thorpe
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for Change Contribute Now to Jim Martin for Change Steve Adams
Contribute Now to The New Obamajority Contribute Now to The New Obamajority The Obamajority Project
Contribute Now to Turn Georgia Blue Redux Contribute Now to Turn Georgia Blue Redux Candace and Lynn Fowler
Contribute Now to Young Dems for Jim Martin Runoff Contribute Now to Young Dems for Jim Martin Runoff Andy Lipscomb
Contribute Now to Jim for Georgia Contribute Now to Jim for Georgia Robert Hill
Contribute Now to Do it For Max Contribute Now to Do it For Max RockRichard
Contribute Now to Two More on the Road to 60 Contribute Now to Two More on the Road to 60 The AFL - CIO Community
Contribute Now to Support Jim Martin and Paul Carmouche !
Contribute Now to Support Jim Martin and Paul Carmouche !
Wes Clark
Contribute Now to Dunwoody for Martin Contribute Now to Dunwoody for Martin Dunwoodies
Contribute Now to 60 Senators Contribute Now to 60 Senators Ilana Newell
Contribute Now to DOUMBIAS HEALTH CARE IN AFRICA Contribute Now to DOUMBIAS HEALTH CARE IN AFRICA Lassine Doumbia
Contribute Now to Employee Free Choice Contribute Now to Employee Free Choice Employee Free Choice
Contribute Now to Illinois for Jim Martin !
Contribute Now to Illinois for Jim Martin !
Nancy Kohn
Contribute Now to The Trip 2008 Contribute Now to The Trip 2008 Dave Stein
Contribute Now to Help Jim Martin Win in Georgia !
Contribute Now to Help Jim Martin Win in Georgia !
Jeff Merkley for Oregon
Contribute Now to Help Jim Martin in Georgia !
Contribute Now to Help Jim Martin in Georgia !
Joe Mealey and Michael Paradies Shoob
Contribute Now to California For Jim Martin Contribute Now to California For Jim Martin B&G Associates
Contribute Now to Rolling Stones Contribute Now to Rolling Stones Doug
Contribute Now to Georgia on my mind ....
Contribute Now to Georgia on my mind ....
Nancy Stephens
Contribute Now to Bangladeshi Georgians for Jim Martin Contribute Now to Bangladeshi Georgians for Jim Martin Mohammad Bhuiyan , Ph.D .
Contribute Now to Let ’s Turn Georgia Blue , Doggone it !
Contribute Now to Let ’s Turn Georgia Blue , Doggone it !
Jon Silver & the Pups for Peace
Contribute Now to Kentuckians for Jim Martin Contribute Now to Kentuckians for Jim Martin Sherman Brown
Contribute Now to The Road to 60 Seats !
Contribute Now to The Road to 60 Seats !
The NYC Host Committee for the Jim Martin Fundr ...
Contribute Now to Kentuckians for Jim Martin Contribute Now to Kentuckians for Jim Martin Kentuckians for Jim Martin
Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Marcia Borowski
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Robert Schapiro
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Chris Carroll
Contribute Now to georgiablueeyes Contribute Now to georgiablueeyes Robin Chalmers
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Julia Emmons
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Martha Jane Fessenden
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for United States Senate Contribute Now to Jim Martin for United States Senate Helen and Robert Fredrick
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Paul & Nicole Kaplan
Contribute Now to Toward a Working Majority - US Senate Contribute Now to Toward a Working Majority - US Senate Regi Burns
Contribute Now to Stonewall Democrats for Jim Martin Contribute Now to Stonewall Democrats for Jim Martin Stonewall Democrats
Contribute Now to High - Return Picks by Sam Wang Contribute Now to High - Return Picks by Sam Wang Sam Wang
Contribute Now to Jim Martin Contribute Now to Jim Martin AAJ
Contribute Now to Better Democrats Contribute Now to Better Democrats Open Left
Contribute Now to Help Jim Martin Beat Saxby Chambliss !
Contribute Now to Help Jim Martin Beat Saxby Chambliss !
Paul and Riki Bolster
Contribute Now to Generation Blue Fundraising Page Contribute Now to Generation Blue Fundraising Page Generation Blue
Contribute Now to Progressive candidates I recommend Contribute Now to Progressive candidates I recommend Roger Freedman
Contribute Now to Help Al Franken and Jim Martin win in December Contribute Now to Help Al Franken and Jim Martin win in December Patrick Leahy
Contribute Now to A $ for Martin is a $ for Barack Contribute Now to A $ for Martin is a $ for Barack Mike Plugh
Contribute Now to Help Obama by Helping Jim Martin Contribute Now to Help Obama by Helping Jim Martin Allen Rider & Karen Reagle
Contribute Now to Help Jim Martin Win on December 2 ! Contribute Now to Help Jim Martin Win on December 2 ! Mark Udall
Contribute Now to CNBC Sucks for Jim Martin Contribute Now to CNBC Sucks for Jim Martin CNBC
Sucks
Contribute Now to Turning GA Blue Contribute Now to Turning GA Blue Lisa Kurdziel
Contribute Now to Send a Democrat to Washington with Me Contribute Now to Send a Democrat to Washington with Me Kay Hagan
Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Tom Leslie
Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Bonny Valente
Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Frank Samford
Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Contribute Now to Martin for Senate Sonia Kuniansky
Contribute Now to Help Jim Martin Take Down Saxby !
Contribute Now to Help Jim Martin Take Down Saxby !
Cathy Amoroso
Contribute Now to Help Jim Martin win in Georgia Contribute Now to Help Jim Martin win in Georgia VoteVets PAC
Contribute Now to Andytopia : Peace and Social Justice Contribute Now to Andytopia : Peace and Social Justice Andy Wallis
Contribute Now to Tom's Candidates Contribute Now to Tom's Candidates Tom Schumm
Contribute Now to JamesList Contribute Now to JamesList James
Contribute Now to A filibuster - proof majority in the Senate Contribute Now to A filibuster - proof majority in the Senate Jim Thatcher
Contribute Now to Some Tight Races That Can Use Help Contribute Now to Some Tight Races That Can Use Help Jason
Contribute Now to Getting to 60 !
Contribute Now to Getting to 60 !
Matt Rogers
Contribute Now to Sixty or Bust Contribute Now to Sixty or Bust Phil Altman
Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Contribute Now to Jim Martin for U.S. Senate Sarah H. Nobles
Contribute Now to Stonewall PAC Poll Contribute Now to Stonewall PAC Poll Stonewall Democrats
Contribute Now to throw the bums out !
Contribute Now to throw the bums out !
DJL
Contribute Now to Help Jim , Ronnie , Kay , and Bruce Contribute Now to Help Jim , Ronnie , Kay , and Bruce Jim Webb
What ’s more germy than a public toilet ?
It ’s not a subway car handrail .
It ’s the shopping carts in grocery stores , according to a study last year that measured saliva , bacteria , and fecal matter on shopping cart handles .
Both store owners and customers have sought ways to combat the filthy carts , from disinfectant wipes to cart liners to snap - on handles , with limited success .
The latest clean - cart idea looks like a mini-car wash and sprays the entire cart with a mist of peroxide solution .
PureCart Systems says their machines kill 99 percent of germs on carts .
More than 20 supermarkets across the country have installed PureCart machines , which cost about $ 8,000 a year .
The machines appear to be popular with shoppers , especially those with young children .
And with good reason : Among babies , contact with raw meat packaging is the second leading cause of Salmonella infection .
Only reptile exposure is more dangerous .
“ [ Kids ] do n’t necessarily have the best sanitary habits , ” microbiologist Chuck Gerba said .
“ And you ’re putting your broccoli right where the kid ’s butt was . ”
For more mature shoppers , experts say the best bet is still handwashing , though recent studies indicate your fellow shoppers probably are n’t taking that advice .
So if your local supermarket does n’t have a PureCart machine yet , check Google Flu Trends before heading out the door .
Related Content : DISCOVER : What Invisible Things Are in the Surfaces You Touch and Air You Breathe ?
DISCOVER : The Biology of ... Hand - Washing Discoblog : Since Sick People Surf the Web , Google Now Tracking Flu Trends
Image : flickr / JaeYong , BAE
Expanding the Floor of the Cage
Noam Chomsky interviewed by David Barsamian
Z Magazine , April , 1997
I know you ’ve just been on a month - long trip to Brazil , Argentina , and Uruguay .
I want to tell you about a little trip that I took with Howard Zinn to Florence .
Florence , Italy ?
I wish .
Florence , Colorado , the home of a new maximum security prison .
It was about the same time that I read that classrooms in New York City schools are so overcrowded that students are meeting in cafeterias and gyms and locker rooms .
I found that quite a juxtaposition , this building in Colorado , brand - new , high ceilings , glass everywhere , tile floors , and then what ’s going on in the nation ’s largest public school system .
There are several reasons for it .
They ’re certainly related .
Both of those activities target the same population , a kind of superfluous population there ’s no point in educating because there ’s nothing to do with them .
You put them in prison because we ’re a civilized people and you do n’t send death squads out to murder them .
But it ’s not in the rich , professional suburbs that kids are sitting on the streets .
They have classrooms .
They ’re not going to prison , either , even if they commit plenty of crimes .
For example , the prisons are being filled by mostly drug - related crimes , usually pretty trivial ones .
But I have n’t seen any bankers in there , although probably more than half the narco - money passes through U.S. banks .
I think they ’re not only related , they ’re the same phenomenon .
They ’re targeting the same population , which is useless from the point of view of short - term profit making .
They ’re treated differently in different societies .
There ’s another factor , too .
Prison construction is a state industry , and by now it ’s a fairly substantial stimulus to the economy .
It ’s not on the scale of the Pentagon , but it ’s growing .
For some years now it ’s been growing enough that the big financial institutions like Merrill Lynch are interested in floating bonds for prison construction , and even high - tech industries are interested .
High - tech industry has for some years been turning to the idea of administering prisons with high - tech equipment , meaning supercomputers and ( maybe some day ) implanted electrodes and so on .
I would n’t be entirely surprised if we find that prison incarceration levels off and that more people are imprisoned in their homes .
Because if you think about the capacity of the new technology , it ’s probably within reach to have surveillance devices which will control people wherever they are .
There ’s a lot of attention to crime in the streets .
The FBI estimates that it ’s about $ 4 billion a year , a figure that ’s been fairly stable in the last few years .
Ralph Nader talks about “ crime in the suites , ” white - collar crime .
Multinational Monitor estimates that it ’s somewhere around $ 200 billion a year .
First of all , crime in the streets , you say there ’s a lot of attention to it .
That ’s correct , but the question is whether crime in the streets is high .
Fact is , it has n’t changed much for a long time .
Although it ’s high by the standards of comparable societies , it ’s not out of sight .
There ’s only one major domain in which the U.S. is off the map .
That ’s murders with guns .
But that ’s because of the gun culture .
If you look at other crimes , the U.S. is sort of toward the high end of the industrial societies .
That has n’t changed much .
So why the attention ?
I think it ’s not because of the problem of crime .
It ’s because of the problem of social control .
There is a very committed effort to convert the U.S. into something which has the basic structure of a Third World society , meaning sectors of enormous wealth and a lot of people without security or benefits or jobs and a lot of superfluous people .
And you have to do something with them .
First of all , you have to make sure that they do n’t notice that something is wrong and do something about it .
The best way to do that , traditionally , is to get them to hate and fear one another .
Every coercive society immediately hits on that idea .
Crime is perfect for that .
So , you get people to worry about crime , not the fact that their salaries are going down and that somebody else has got money coming out of their ears .
You get them to focus on the fact that they do n’t want to get robbed by the kid from the ghetto , or the welfare mother who is having too many children .
That ’s a technique of social control .
Another technique is needed for those that you do n’t have any use for , whose jobs you can more easily send out to Mexico .
That gives you a superfluous class , and they have to be controlled in another way , sometimes by social cleansing , sometimes by incarceration .
So the attention on crime certainly serves a purpose .
It ’s striking that the U.S. is perhaps the only society in which crime is considered a political issue .
Politicians have to take a stand on who ’s tougher on crime .
In most parts of the world it ’s a social problem .
It ’s not something you fight about at elections .
Most of the incarceration by now is drug - related , certainly a very high percentage of it , targeting mostly small - timers .
On the other hand , if you can believe the international estimates , like the OECD ( Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development ) , more than half of the dirty money , the narco - money , goes through U.S. banks .
The last estimate I saw was over a quarter of a trillion dollars a year .
There ’s something rather suggestive , at least , about the figures on foreign investment .
The latest figures that I ’ve seen from the Commerce Department for foreign direct investment in the Western Hemisphere , excluding Canada , which is part of Europe , but the rest of the Western Hemisphere , are for 1994 — that was when there was all the excitement about emerging markets .
It turns out that in 1994 about a quarter of the foreign direct investment went to Bermuda and another 15 percent or so went to the Cayman Islands and other tax havens , some more to Panama and the rest mostly short - term speculative money picking up assets in Brazil and so on .
That means something close to half of what they call foreign direct investment is some sort of dirty money .
They ’re not building manufacturing plants in Bermuda .
The most benign interpretation is it ’s some form of tax evasion .
A less benign interpretation is it has to do with handling the flow of narco - capital , which is conceivable .
Corporate crime , however , is not really considered crime .
If you take , say , the S&Ls , is that crime ?
Only a very narrow part of it is considered crime .
Most of it is just picked up by the taxpayer with bailouts .
If we look at things that actually fall under the category of crime , they are mostly not investigated and not prosecuted .
Is that surprising ?
Why should rich and powerful people allow themselves to be prosecuted ?
You mentioned that the U.S. ranks very high in gun deaths , 24,000 a year .
Russell Mokhiber of the Corporate Crime Reporter has written about this , contrasting these two statistics , 24,000 gun deaths a year , 56,000 Americans die from job - related accidents and induced diseases .
In the 1980s , the Reagan Administration essentially informed the business world that they were not going to prosecute them for violating the law .
One of the things that happened is that OSHA , the Office of Safety and Health Administration , regulations were either not investigated or prosecuted .
The number of industrial deaths and accidents went up rather high .
That ’s the state telling you , Look , commit any workplace crimes you like .
We ’re not going to bother with it .
If it kills lots of people , fine .
The same is true of environmental issues .
If you weaken the regulatory apparatus on , say , toxic waste disposal , sure , you ’re killing people .
On what scale ?
The effort to deregulate , decrease infrastructure spending harms people , a lot of them , to the point of killing them .
It harms a lot of them in other ways .
Is it criminal ?
Well , that ’s a doctrinal judgment , not a legal judgment .
In the last few years you have taken some major international trips to Australia , India , and , recently , South America .
How have these trips informed your understanding of what ’s happening to the global economy ?
It ’s actually possible to sit in Boston and find out pretty much what ’s going on .
But that ’s statistics , right ?
You ’re dealing with books and papers .
It ’s one thing to read the figures about poverty in India and another thing to walk through the slums in Bombay and see people living in hideous , indescribable poverty .
If you walk through downtown Boston you also see appalling poverty .
I ’ve seen things in New York which are as horrifying as anything I ’ve seen in the Third World .
Comparable to the favelas in Brazil ?
It ’s hard to say “ comparable . ”
But conditions which are about as horrifying .
Remember , how bad conditions are depends on what else is around .
You could be a very happy Stone Age person and not have a computer or a television set .
No doubt the people in the favelas live better than in the Stone Age , although probably not by nutritional or health measures .
Even if you look at things like effects on health or life expectancy , the relative position that people have in a society plays a big role .
So if you ’re much poorer than other people , that harms your health .
But I ’d say that there are parts of New York or Boston which are not unlike what you find in the Third World .
Black males in Harlem , it was discovered a couple of years ago , have roughly the mortality rate of Bangladesh .
On the other hand , going back to your question , seeing things first hand you discover a lot of things that are never written about .
For example , there ’s very little written about the way in which popular struggles are dealing with problems .
You can only discover that by being there .
And there ’s plenty of it .
I ’ve seen things in India and South America that I would n’t have known about if I had n’t been there .
In Brazil you met with the Workers Party .
I met with the Workers Party , but I also spent time in slums and meeting with people who are doing things directly .
Meeting with the Workers Party was extremely interesting .
Lula in particular is a very impressive person .
There are now formations in Brazil of landless peasants .
There ’s a very big landless workers movement which probably has settled about 150,000 people or so on land takeovers .
They happened to be having a conference , some of the activists in the landless workers movement near Sao Paulo when I was there .
They ’re a very important and substantial popular movement .
They have close links to the favelas , because the people in the favelas are mostly driven off the land .
Brazil has an enormous agrarian problem .
It ’s got a very high land concentration , an enormous amount of unused land , basically being held as a hedge against inflation or for investment purposes , but not really used .
It ’s got a very brutal army and military history , especially since the coup of 1964 .
There was a lot of violence against peasants .
When I was there there were informal judicial proceedings taking place — because the judicial system did n’t work — involving the murder of a couple of dozen peasants in a land takeover operation this past April in one of the northern regions .
There ’s plenty of killing and violence .
But there has also been very substantial organization .
And there ’s integration of some kind , I ca n’t say how much , between the landless workers and the groups working in the slums , the favelas , the shantytowns that are scattered all over the place .
It ’s linked in some fashion to the Workers Party , but I do n’t think anybody can say exactly how .
One thing that is agreed on is that most of the landless workers do vote for the Workers Party and support it , but organizationally they ’re separate .
I should say that I was asked on a national television press conference why I thought that people voted against their class interests by not voting for the Workers Party .
My feeling is that that ’s not necessarily against their class interests .
A vote for the Workers Party , given the social structure of Brazil , is a dangerous vote because one possible consequence is a huge capital flight from Brazil , which is devastating for the economy .
Remember that these societies have a very serious problem :
They do n’t control their wealthy , and the wealthy have virtually no social obligations , from paying taxes to keeping their money in the country .
That ’s their core problem , the state is subordinated to the wealthy .
If you look at the major problems they face , from what ’s called debt to the agrarian problem to violence , it essentially goes back to that .
Unless that problem is dealt with , you can understand why a poor person would vote for an oppressor .
Because voting for someone who has your interests at heart may harm you , since that will bring on violence by the rich .
It ’s exactly the same if you ’re a poor person in Central America .
If voting for your own interests will bring on you the terror organized and directed by the superpower of the hemisphere , that ’s a good reason not to do it , in fact , a rational reason not to do it .
There are Central America societies which are so weak that they can’t really solve their internal problems in the face of U.S. power .
But in South America that ’s not quite true .
They have resources , potential , and probably could deal internally with some of their major problems .
But they have n’t done it , for all kinds of reasons , historical , and so on .
Should one be careful to extend this analogy to U.S. workers , why they are voting against what seems to be class interest ?
If they ’re voting at all .
I ’m not sure that ’s true .
The vote is only between two class enemies .
There ’s no one who ’s presenting themselves as representing their class interests .
But if there were , you can imagine reasons for not doing it .
Suppose there ’s a candidate who represents my interests .
I trust the person and think they would try to do exactly what I want .
There would still be good reason not to vote for them if the consequences would be that people with real power would make my life much worse , for example , by disinvestment or by capital flight .
Capital flight is n’t so much of a problem here .
It ’s a different sort of situation , but take , say , Brazil or Argentina or Mexico , anything south of the Rio Grande .
All of these countries are supposed to have a debt problem .
That ’s what ’s limiting social spending and equitable , sustainable development .
Any decent project that might be carried out is instantly constrained by the need to pay off the debt .
The argument is that ’s why they have to obey the orders of the international financial institutions and impose neoliberal , free - market solutions of the kind that the rich never allow for themselves but are happy to impose on other people .
That ’s the argument .
But why is there a debt problem ?
First of all , is there a debt problem , say , in Brazil ?
Brazil is maybe the biggest debtor in the world , by official figures .
Is that true ?
If I borrow money and I send it to a Swiss bank and then I can’t pay my creditors , is it your problem ?
Or is it my problem ?
Economists have no answer to that question .
That ’s a question of moral values and doctrinal judgment .
The people in favelas did n’t borrow the money .
The landless workers did n’t borrow the money .
The money was borrowed by the generals and their friends and the super - rich , who sent most of it abroad as soon as interest rates went up , leaving a crushing debt that is being paid by the poor people .
It ’s interesting that this issue is n’t raised much .
But when the point is raised , they very quickly understand it .
I do n’t think that would be true here .
I do n’t think that in educated circles here you could even get the point across .
That ’s one of the striking differences you notice as soon as you get out of the First World into the Third World .
Minds are much more open .
We live in a highly indoctrinated society .
That ’s part of the prerogative of wealth and power .
You really do n’t have to think .
You can be self - righteous .
Even wealthy and powerful people in the Third World tend to have much more open minds .
Here ’s a matter of breaking out of doctrinal shackles , which is not easy .
As long as they accept the principle that Brazil has a debt and that the poor people who did n’t borrow the money have to pay it , it ’s perfectly true that they ca n’t do anything to solve their own problems .
If you look at the figures , capital flight from Latin America was not much below the debt .
This is one of the interesting comparisons between Latin America and the Asian growth areas .
They ’re constantly comparing themselves to the Asian growth areas , and rightly so .
But the two are very different in many respects .
One is that whatever you think about Japan and South Korea and Taiwan , they not only control labor and the poor , but they also control capital and the rich .
In Japan they did n’t allow export of capital until 1972 , when its economy had already reconstructed .
I think South Korea probably still does n’t .
They have debt , but not the kind that Latin America has , because they control their wealthy .
They have internal investment rather than export of capital .
That shows up in other respects , too .
So in Latin America , which has the worst inequality in the world — East Asia has maybe the least — you not only have the capital exported , but you have luxury goods imported , whereas in East Asia typically the imports are for capital investment and are controlled .
These are differences between societies that have , for one reason or another , handled their internal problems differently .
Unless the potentially rich , powerful Latin American countries like Brazil and Argentina , can handle problems internally they ’re always going to be in trouble .
When I say , “ they ’re ” going to be in trouble , that ’s a little misleading .
There are people there who are very happy with all of this .
There ’s a sector of extreme wealth .
But that ’s true even if you go to central Africa .
You can see it anywhere in the world .
It ’s possible to live in the poorest countries and be in very wealthy and privileged circumstances all the time , just as you can live in New York and somehow not pay attention to the fact that there are homeless people sleeping in the streets and that a couple of blocks away there are children hungry .
You can do it .
We all do .
In the Third World , you can also do it .
They are more grotesque because the dimensions of the problem are larger , but qualitatively not different .
What kind of contact did you have with the media in Brazil and Argentina and Chile ?
Did you see any new developments that might interest people ?
First of all , as anywhere outside of the U.S. , I had a lot of contact with the elite media .
State television and radio ?
And commercial , too .
They ’re just a lot more open .
On the other hand , I also did see some interesting things which I knew nothing about .
For example , the structure of a Latin American city is that the suburbs are mostly where the poor people live .
It ’s not that you do n’t find shantytowns and slums in the city .
You do .
But that ’s the basic structure .
Outside of Rio , there are huge suburbs , basically cities with a mixture of millions of poor , working - class , unemployed , and landless peasants .
I went out to the biggest one , called Nova Iguacú , a couple of miles from Rio .
I went with some friends , but also with an NGO , which originally consisted of some professionals , artists , people in television , and so on , who wanted to try to find a way to bring popular media to the communities for their own benefit .
These are artists , professionals , intellectuals who wanted to have something besides commercial television destroying people ’s minds .
They got some equipment .
They spent a couple of years designing television programs that would be shown on a big screen in a public place in the poor community .
The idea is , a truck will drive in with a huge screen on it .
They will find a public area and they will show these skits or documentaries dealing with real problems and try to get people to watch and participate .
They planned very well , with church people and community leaders and others .
There ’s a lot of popular organization going on .
They went to the leaders of the popular organizations in the community to which they were going , and spent a fair amount of time working on texts and figuring out how to make it accessible to people and how to put some humor in .
I had n’t seen them , but apparently they were very well done .
Then they went out to try it .
It completely bombed .
People came around because there was something going on , watched , looked for a while , and then walked away .
They then did some wrap - up sessions to try to figure out what had happened .
They discovered that although the leadership groups were coming from the community , they did not represent the views of the community , even though they lived there .
The way they put it was , they spoke a different dialect than the people in their own community , with intellectual words and Marxist ideas and whatever goes along with the people who are considered intellectuals , even though they were coming from the community .
So they went back , and this time they avoided the community leaders and went to the groups themselves .
They tried to get people right there , 16 - year - old kids , to get interested in filming , script writing .
That worked .
It was n’t easy .
A couple of years later we went out to Nova Iguacú .
The NGO at this point is doing nothing but bringing in the equipment .
So they moved in the truck and the big screen .
These are supposedly very high - crime areas , and everybody warned us you ca n’t go there .
You ’ll get murdered .
It ’s totally untrue .
They were perfectly friendly .
So we went out there .
Big screen in the middle of the public area .
Little bars around .
The actors in the film were people in the community , mostly young .
They had written the scripts .
They had done the filming .
They got a little technical assistance , but essentially nothing else from the urban professionals .
There were a lot of people around .
It was prime television time , nine o’clock in the evening .
Lots and lots of people from the community , very racially mixed — children , old people .
Obviously they were very much engaged in what was happening .
I could n’t understand a lot of the dialogue — it was in Portuguese — but you could understand enough to see that they were really involved .
There was a skit on racism .
There is n’t supposed to be any racism in Brazil .
In theory it ’s all been overcome .
They ’d have some black person in the community going to some office and asking for a job and show what happens , and then some white person redoing it and of course being treated totally differently .
Everybody recognized what was happening .
They were laughing and making comments .
There was a segment on AIDS .
There was something about the debt .
That was mixed in with humor and clowns and other things .
One of the actors , a kid who looked about 17 , maybe , who was quite good , she had a microphone and she was walking around where the people were and talking to them .
After the skits ended she interviewed people who were sitting around , asking them what they thought about it , did they have some comments and criticisms .
That was all being filmed .
So they were watching themselves being filmed discussing the content of what they had just seen .
This is very impressive community - based media of a sort that I ’ve never seen before in an extremely poor area , done with an initial failure of the kind I described , and finally success when it did actually have roots in the community .
What about the independent press and radio ?
There is a sort of independent left journal published in Sao Paulo .
It ’s in Portuguese , so I have only a superficial sense of what ’s in it .
But the material is extremely interesting , very well published .
It looked a lot better than Harper ’s or the Atlantic , physically .
Complicated , interesting articles .
Quite left wing .
I do n’t know who reads it .
I could n’t find out .
We spent some time in a shantytown in Buenos Aires .
It ’s kind of like the favelas .
We went in with some friends who were from the university , but who are also activists who work there .
These are places that are really in trouble , very poor communities in a very rich city .
It ’s being organized by women .
That ’s very typical in such communities .
There are some mothers who are trying to start an organization .
They have what they call a cultural center .
Somehow they managed to find an abandoned concrete building and somebody built a roof .
One of the main things they try to do is bring in children .
Children are thrown out of schools very quickly .
Technically there are schools , but the facilities are so awful that any kid who ’s slightly problematic is kicked out .
An enormous number of the kids never make it through school .
They try to bring them in and teach them literacy and numeracy , then skills , a little artwork .
Other people come in and help .
Even a pencil is a gift , the provisions are so awful .
They ’re also trying to fight off the drug gangs who are coming in .
They ’re trying to protect children and the community .
In this case , they get help from the church .
That varies , depending on who the local priests are .
These are mostly people who are Guarani , indigenous people , originally .
They came from Paraguay to the slums of Buenos Aires .
They have their own journal .
It ’s for the community , so it ’s written by people there .
You would n’t sell it on a newsstand , but it has information which is relevant to the people in the community about what ’s going on there , what the problems are .
Some of them write themselves .
They try to get high - school - age kids to do some of the writing .
The women , several of them , are becoming educated .
There are a few who are close to college degrees in things like nursing and professions .
On the other hand , they all say they wo n’t ever get out of the shantytowns because of the way they ’re dressed and the way they look when they try to get a job somewhere .
But they ’re dedicated and they work hard , and they ’re trying to save the children .
And they get some support from outside , like these friends of ours .
Here ’s another difference that struck me .
There happens to be a very lively anarchist movement in Buenos Aires .
I met with other anarchist groups as far as northeast Brazil , where nobody even knew they existed .
They showed up and we had discussions .
They were sort of libertarian people , outside the Bolshevik left , whatever you call that , kind of anarchist to libertarian socialist .
There was a lot of discussion about the question of minimizing the state .
That ’s the big neoliberal line .
People there understand that they have to protect the state .
Even if they ’re anarchists who regard the state as totally illegitimate , as I do , they realize that it is necessary to protect the public arena , which means state power .
The reason is , when you eliminate the public arena and the one institutional structure in which people can , to some extent , participate , namely the state , you ’re just handing over power to unaccountable private tyrannies that are much worse .
So you protect the public arena , recognizing that it ’s illegitimate in its current form , and that you ultimately want to eliminate it .
That ’s an idea that ’s very hard for people up here to understand .
I do n’t know if you recall that in a previous interview with you I made some comment about how , in the current circumstances , devolution from the federal government to the state level is disastrous .
The federal government has all sorts of rotten things about it and is fundamentally illegitimate , but weakening federal power and moving things to the state level is just a disaster .
At the state level even middle - sized businesses can control what happens .
At the federal level only the big guys can push it around .
That means , that if you take , say , aid for hungry children , to the extent that it exists , if it ’s distributed through the federal system , you can resist business pressure to some extent .
It can actually get to poor children .
If you move it to the state level in block grants , it will end up in the hands of Raytheon and Fidelity — exactly what ’s happening here in Massachusetts .
They have enough coercive power to force the fiscal structure of the state to accommodate to their needs , with things as simple as the threat of moving across the border .
These are realities .
But people here tend to be so doctrinaire .
Obviously there are exceptions , but the tendencies here , both in elite circles and on the left , are such rigidity and doctrinaire inability to focus on complex issues that the left ends up removing itself from authentic social struggle and is caught up in its doctrinaire sectarianism .
That ’s very much less true there .
I think that ’s parallel to the fact that it ’s less true among elite circles .
So just as you can talk openly there about the fact that Brazil and Argentina do n’t really have a debt , that it ’s a social construct , not an economic fact — they may not agree , but at least they understand what you ’re talking about — whereas here I think it would be extremely hard to get the point across .
Again , I do n’t want to overdraw the lines .
There are plenty of exceptions .
But the differences are noticeable , and I think the differences have to do with power .
The more power and privilege you have , the less it ’s necessary to think , because you can do what you want anyway .
When power and privilege decline , willingness to think becomes part of survival .
I know when excerpts from that interview we did were published in The Progressive , you got raked over the coals for this position .
Exactly .
When I talked to the anarchist group in Buenos Aires , we discussed this .
Everybody basically had the same recognition .
There ’s an interesting slogan that ’s used .
We did n’t mention this , but quite apart from the Workers Party and the urban unions , there ’s also a very lively rural workers organization .
Millions of workers have become organized into rural unions which are very rarely discussed .
One of the slogans that they use which is relevant here , is that we should “ expand the floor of the cage . ”
We know we ’re in a cage .
We know we ’re trapped .
We ’re going to expand the floor , meaning we will extend to the limits what the cage will allow .
And we intend to destroy the cage .
But not by attacking the cage when we ’re vulnerable , so they ’ll murder us .
That ’s completely correct .
You have to protect the cage when it ’s under attack from even worse predators from outside , like private power .
And you have to expand the floor of the cage , recognizing that it ’s a cage .
These are all preliminaries to dismantling it .
Unless people are willing to tolerate that level of complexity , they ’re going to be of no use to people who are suffering and who need help , or , for that matter , to themselves .
