This makes error handling a lot easier .
If you have an error , you just abort the current transaction .
You do n’t have to worry about undoing previous database changes .
Changes made in a transaction are either saved in their entirety or not at all .
Transactions allow multiple logical threads ( threads or processes ) to access databases and the database prevents the threads from making conflicting changes .
This allows you to scale your application across multiple threads , processes or machines without having to use low - level locking primitives .
You still have to deal with concurrency on some level .
For timestamp - based systems like ZODB , you may have to retry conflicting transactions .
With locking - based systems , you have to deal with possible deadlocks .
Today , the United States began surveying the damage inflicted by a devastating earthquake in Haiti this week .
In addition to providing immediate humanitarian assistance , the U.S. response to the tragic earthquake should address long - held concerns over the fragile political environment that exists in the region .
The U.S. government response should be bold and decisive .
It must mobilize U.S. civilian and military capabilities for short - term rescue and relief and long - term recovery and reform .
President Obama should tap high - level , bipartisan leadership .
Clearly former President Clinton , who was already named as the U.N. envoy on Haiti , is a logical choice .
President Obama should also reach out to a senior Republican figure , perhaps former President George W. Bush , to lead the bipartisan effort for the Republicans .
While on the ground in Haiti , the U.S. military can also interrupt the nightly flights of cocaine to Haiti and the Dominican Republic from the Venezuelan coast and counter the ongoing efforts of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez to destabilize the island of Hispaniola .
This U.S. military presence , which should also include a large contingent of U.S. Coast Guard assets , can also prevent any large - scale movement by Haitians to take to the sea in dangerous and rickety watercraft to try to enter the U.S. illegally .
Meanwhile , the U.S. must be prepared to insist that the Haiti government work closely with the U.S. to insure that corruption does not infect the humanitarian assistance flowing to Haiti .
Long - term reforms for Haitian democracy and its economy are also badly overdue .
Congress should immediately begin work on a package of assistance , trade , and reconstruction efforts needed to put Haiti on its feet and open the way for deep and lasting democratic reforms .
The U.S. should implement a strong and vigorous public diplomacy effort to counter the negative propaganda certain to emanate from the Castro - Chavez camp .
Such an effort will also demonstrate that the U.S. ’s involvement in the Caribbean remains a powerful force for good in the Americas and around the globe .
To assist Red Cross Relief Efforts , go to www.redcross.org
( Post updated on 1/13/10 at 5:08 pm )
They ’re not less attractive and they do n’t come from bad families if that ’s what you were thinking .
On several measures they register as having more masculine traits :
We recruited two groups of women who differed in their number of lifetime sex partners in order to investigate several hypotheses related to female sociosexuality .
Specifically , we explored whether women who engage in casual sex have low mate value , are especially likely to have come from stressful family environments , or are masculine in other respects besides their interest in casual sex .
Women with many partners were not lower than other women on direct or indirect indicators of mate value .
Nor were they more likely to recall adverse family environments during childhood .
On several measures related to masculinity , women with many sex partners were elevated compared with other women .
Source : “ What Distinguishes Women with Unusually High Numbers of Sex Partners ? ” from the journal “ Evolution and Human Behavior ”
Forty - two years ago , the biologist Paul Ehrlich warned in The Population Bomb that mass starvation would strike in the 1970s and 1980s , with the world 's population growth outpacing the production of food and other critical resources .
Thanks to innovations and efforts such as the " green revolution " in farming and the widespread adoption of family planning , Ehrlich 's worst fears did not come to pass .
In fact , since the 1970s , global economic output has increased and fertility has fallen dramatically , especially in developing countries .
The United Nations Population Division now projects that global population growth will nearly halt by 2050 .
By that date , the world 's population will have stabilized at 9.15 billion people , according to the " medium growth " variant of the UN 's authoritative population database World Population Prospects : The 2008 Revision .
( Today 's global population is 6.83 billion . )
Barring a cataclysmic climate crisis or a complete failure to recover from the current economic malaise , global economic output is expected to increase by two to three percent per year , meaning that global income will increase far more than population over the next four decades .
But twenty - first - century international security will depend less on how many people inhabit the world than on how the global population is composed and distributed : where populations are declining and where they are growing , which countries are relatively older and which are more youthful , and how demographics will influence population movements across regions .
These elements are not well recognized or widely understood .
A recent article in The Economist , for example , cheered the decline in global fertility without noting other vital demographic developments .
Indeed , the same UN data cited by The Economist reveal four historic shifts that will fundamentally alter the world 's population over the next four decades : the relative demographic weight of the world 's developed countries will drop by nearly 25 percent , shifting economic power to the developing nations ; the developed countries ' labor forces will substantially age and decline , constraining economic growth in the developed world and raising the demand for immigrant workers ; most of the world 's expected population growth will increasingly be concentrated in today 's poorest , youngest , and most heavily Muslim countries , which have a dangerous lack of quality education , capital , and employment opportunities ; and , for the first time in history , most of the world 's population will become urbanized , with the largest urban centers being in the world 's poorest countries , where policing , sanitation , and health care are often scarce .
Taken together , these trends will pose challenges every bit as alarming as those noted by Ehrlich .
Coping with them will require nothing less than a major reconsideration of the world 's basic global governance structures .
EUROPE'S REVERSAL OF FORTUNES
At the beginning of the eighteenth century , approximately 20 percent of the world 's inhabitants lived in Europe ( including Russia ) .
Then , with the Industrial Revolution , Europe 's population boomed , and streams of European emigrants set off for the Americas .
By the eve of World War I , Europe 's population had more than quadrupled .
In 1913 , Europe had more people than China , and the proportion of the world 's population living in Europe and the former European colonies of North America had risen to over 33 percent .
But this trend reversed after World War I , as basic health care and sanitation began to spread to poorer countries .
In Asia , Africa , and Latin America , people began to live longer , and birthrates remained high or fell only slowly .
By 2003 , the combined populations of Europe , the United States , and Canada accounted for just 17 percent of the global population .
In 2050 , this figure is expected to be just 12 percent -- far less than it was in 1700 .
( These projections , moreover , might even understate the reality because they reflect the " medium growth " projection of the UN forecasts , which assumes that the fertility rates of developing countries will decline while those of developed countries will increase .
In fact , many developed countries show no evidence of increasing fertility rates . )
The West 's relative decline is even more dramatic if one also considers changes in income .
The Industrial Revolution made Europeans not only more numerous than they had been but also considerably richer per capita than others worldwide .
According to the economic historian Angus Maddison , Europe , the United States , and Canada together produced about 32 percent of the world 's GDP at the beginning of the nineteenth century .
By 1950 , that proportion had increased to a remarkable 68 percent of the world 's total output ( adjusted to reflect purchasing power parity ) .
This trend , too , is headed for a sharp reversal .
The proportion of global GDP produced by Europe , the United States , and Canada fell from 68 percent in 1950 to 47 percent in 2003 and will decline even more steeply in the future .
If the growth rate of per capita income ( again , adjusted for purchasing power parity ) between 2003 and 2050 remains as it was between 1973 and 2003 -- averaging 1.68 percent annually in Europe , the United States , and Canada and 2.47 percent annually in the rest of the world -- then the combined GDP of Europe , the United States , and Canada will roughly double by 2050 , whereas the GDP of the rest of the world will grow by a factor of five .
The portion of global GDP produced by Europe , the United States , and Canada in 2050 will then be less than 30 percent -- smaller than it was in 1820 .
These figures also imply that an overwhelming proportion of the world 's GDP growth between 2003 and 2050 -- nearly 80 percent -- will occur outside of Europe , the United States , and Canada .
By the middle of this century , the global middle class -- those capable of purchasing durable consumer products , such as cars , appliances , and electronics -- will increasingly be found in what is now considered the developing world .
The World Bank has predicted that by 2030 the number of middle - class people in the developing world will be 1.2 billion -- a rise of 200 percent since 2005 .
This means that the developing world 's middle class alone will be larger than the total populations of Europe , Japan , and the United States combined .
From now on , therefore , the main driver of global economic expansion will be the economic growth of newly industrialized countries , such as Brazil , China , India , Indonesia , Mexico , and Turkey .
AGING PAINS
Part of the reason developed countries will be less economically dynamic in the coming decades is that their populations will become substantially older .
The European countries , Canada , the United States , Japan , South Korea , and even China are aging at unprecedented rates .
Today , the proportion of people aged 60 or older in China and South Korea is 12 - 15 percent .
It is 15 - 22 percent in the European Union , Canada , and the United States and 30 percent in Japan .
With baby boomers aging and life expectancy increasing , these numbers will increase dramatically .
In 2050 , approximately 30 percent of Americans , Canadians , Chinese , and Europeans will be over 60 , as will more than 40 percent of Japanese and South Koreans .
Over the next decades , therefore , these countries will have increasingly large proportions of retirees and increasingly small proportions of workers .
As workers born during the baby boom of 1945 - 65 are retiring , they are not being replaced by a new cohort of citizens of prime working age ( 15 - 59 years old ) .
Industrialized countries are experiencing a drop in their working - age populations that is even more severe than the overall slowdown in their population growth .
South Korea represents the most extreme example .
Even as its total population is projected to decline by almost 9 percent by 2050 ( from 48.3 million to 44.1 million ) , the population of working - age South Koreans is expected to drop by 36 percent ( from 32.9 million to 21.1 million ) , and the number of South Koreans aged 60 and older will increase by almost 150 percent ( from 7.3 million to 18 million ) .
By 2050 , in other words , the entire working - age population will barely exceed the 60 - and - older population .
Although South Korea 's case is extreme , it represents an increasingly common fate for developed countries .
Europe is expected to lose 24 percent of its prime working - age population ( about 120 million workers ) by 2050 , and its 60 - and - older population is expected to increase by 47 percent .
In the United States , where higher fertility and more immigration are expected than in Europe , the working - age population will grow by 15 percent over the next four decades -- a steep decline from its growth of 62 percent between 1950 and 2010 .
And by 2050 , the United States ' 60 - and - older population is expected to double .
All this will have a dramatic impact on economic growth , health care , and military strength in the developed world .
The forces that fueled economic growth in industrialized countries during the second half of the twentieth century -- increased productivity due to better education , the movement of women into the labor force , and innovations in technology -- will all likely weaken in the coming decades .
College enrollment boomed after World War II , a trend that is not likely to recur in the twenty - first century ; the extensive movement of women into the labor force also was a one - time social change ; and the technological change of the time resulted from innovators who created new products and leading - edge consumers who were willing to try them out -- two groups that are thinning out as the industrialized world 's population ages .
Overall economic growth will also be hampered by a decline in the number of new consumers and new households .
When developed countries ' labor forces were growing by 0.5 - 1.0 percent per year , as they did until 2005 , even annual increases in real output per worker of just 1.7 percent meant that annual economic growth totaled 2.2 - 2.7 percent per year .
But with the labor forces of many developed countries ( such as Germany , Hungary , Japan , Russia , and the Baltic states ) now shrinking by 0.2 percent per year and those of other countries ( including Austria , the Czech Republic , Denmark , Greece , and Italy ) growing by less than 0.2 percent per year , the same 1.7 percent increase in real output per worker yields only 1.5 - 1.9 percent annual overall growth .
Moreover , developed countries will be lucky to keep productivity growth at even that level ; in many developed countries , productivity is more likely to decline as the population ages .
A further strain on industrialized economies will be rising medical costs : as populations age , they will demand more health care for longer periods of time .
Public pension schemes for aging populations are already being reformed in various industrialized countries -- often prompting heated debate .
In theory , at least , pensions might be kept solvent by increasing the retirement age , raising taxes modestly , and phasing out benefits for the wealthy .
Regardless , the number of 80 - and 90 - year - olds -- who are unlikely to work and highly likely to require nursing - home and other expensive care -- will rise dramatically .
And even if 60 - and 70 - year - olds remain active and employed , they will require procedures and medications -- hip replacements , kidney transplants , blood - pressure treatments -- to sustain their health in old age .
All this means that just as aging developed countries will have proportionally fewer workers , innovators , and consumerist young households , a large portion of those countries ' remaining economic growth will have to be diverted to pay for the medical bills and pensions of their growing elderly populations .
Basic services , meanwhile , will be increasingly costly because fewer young workers will be available for strenuous and labor - intensive jobs .
Unfortunately , policymakers seldom reckon with these potentially disruptive effects of otherwise welcome developments , such as higher life expectancy .
YOUTH AND ISLAM IN THE DEVELOPING WORLD
Even as the industrialized countries of Europe , North America , and Northeast Asia will experience unprecedented aging this century , fast - growing countries in Africa , Latin America , the Middle East , and Southeast Asia will have exceptionally youthful populations .
Today , roughly nine out of ten children under the age of 15 live in developing countries .
And these are the countries that will continue to have the world 's highest birthrates .
Indeed , over 70 percent of the world 's population growth between now and 2050 will occur in 24 countries , all of which are classified by the World Bank as low income or lower - middle income , with an average per capita income of under $ 3,855 in 2008 .
Many developing countries have few ways of providing employment to their young , fast - growing populations .
Would - be laborers , therefore , will be increasingly attracted to the labor markets of the aging developed countries of Europe , North America , and Northeast Asia .
Youthful immigrants from nearby regions with high unemployment -- Central America , North Africa , and Southeast Asia , for example -- will be drawn to those vital entry - level and manual - labor jobs that sustain advanced economies : janitors , nursing - home aides , bus drivers , plumbers , security guards , farm workers , and the like .
Current levels of immigration from developing to developed countries are paltry compared to those that the forces of supply and demand might soon create across the world .
These forces will act strongly on the Muslim world , where many economically weak countries will continue to experience dramatic population growth in the decades ahead .
In 1950 , Bangladesh , Egypt , Indonesia , Nigeria , Pakistan , and Turkey had a combined population of 242 million .
By 2009 , those six countries were the world 's most populous Muslim - majority countries and had a combined population of 886 million .
Their populations are continuing to grow and indeed are expected to increase by 475 million between now and 2050 -- during which time , by comparison , the six most populous developed countries are projected to gain only 44 million inhabitants .
Worldwide , of the 48 fastest - growing countries today -- those with annual population growth of two percent or more -- 28 are majority Muslim or have Muslim minorities of 33 percent or more .
It is therefore imperative to improve relations between Muslim and Western societies .
This will be difficult given that many Muslims live in poor communities vulnerable to radical appeals and many see the West as antagonistic and militaristic .
In the 2009 Pew Global Attitudes Project survey , for example , whereas 69 percent of those Indonesians and Nigerians surveyed reported viewing the United States favorably , just 18 percent of those polled in Egypt , Jordan , Pakistan , and Turkey ( all U.S. allies ) did .
And in 2006 , when the Pew survey last asked detailed questions about Muslim - Western relations , more than half of the respondents in Muslim countries characterized those relations as bad and blamed the West for this state of affairs .
But improving relations is all the more important because of the growing demographic weight of poor Muslim countries and the attendant increase in Muslim immigration , especially to Europe from North Africa and the Middle East .
( To be sure , forecasts that Muslims will soon dominate Europe are outlandish : Muslims compose just three to ten percent of the population in the major European countries today , and this proportion will at most double by midcentury . )
Strategists worldwide must consider that the world 's young are becoming concentrated in those countries least prepared to educate and employ them , including some Muslim states .
Any resulting poverty , social tension , or ideological radicalization could have disruptive effects in many corners of the world .
But this need not be the case ; the healthy immigration of workers to the developed world and the movement of capital to the developing world , among other things , could lead to better results .
URBAN SPRAWL
Exacerbating twenty - first - century risks will be the fact that the world is urbanizing to an unprecedented degree .
The year 2010 will likely be the first time in history that a majority of the world 's people live in cities rather than in the countryside .
Whereas less than 30 percent of the world 's population was urban in 1950 , according to UN projections , more than 70 percent will be by 2050 .
Lower - income countries in Asia and Africa are urbanizing especially rapidly , as agriculture becomes less labor intensive and as employment opportunities shift to the industrial and service sectors .
Already , most of the world 's urban agglomerations -- Mumbai ( population 20.1 million ) , Mexico City ( 19.5 million ) , New Delhi ( 17 million ) , Shanghai ( 15.8 million ) , Calcutta ( 15.6 million ) , Karachi ( 13.1 million ) , Cairo ( 12.5 million ) , Manila ( 11.7 million ) , Lagos ( 10.6 million ) , Jakarta ( 9.7 million ) -- are found in low - income countries .
Many of these countries have multiple cities with over one million residents each : Pakistan has eight , Mexico 12 , and China more than 100 .
The UN projects that the urbanized proportion of sub-Saharan Africa will nearly double between 2005 and 2050 , from 35 percent ( 300 million people ) to over 67 percent ( 1 billion ) .
China , which is roughly 40 percent urbanized today , is expected to be 73 percent urbanized by 2050 ; India , which is less than 30 percent urbanized today , is expected to be 55 percent urbanized by 2050 .
Overall , the world 's urban population is expected to grow by 3 billion people by 2050 .
This urbanization may prove destabilizing .
Developing countries that urbanize in the twenty - first century will have far lower per capita incomes than did many industrial countries when they first urbanized .
The United States , for example , did not reach 65 percent urbanization until 1950 , when per capita income was nearly $ 13,000 ( in 2005 dollars ) .
By contrast , Nigeria , Pakistan , and the Philippines , which are approaching similar levels of urbanization , currently have per capita incomes of just $ 1,800 - $ 4,000 ( in 2005 dollars ) .
According to the research of Richard Cincotta and other political demographers , countries with younger populations are especially prone to civil unrest and are less able to create or sustain democratic institutions .
And the more heavily urbanized , the more such countries are likely to experience Dickensian poverty and anarchic violence .
In good times , a thriving economy might keep urban residents employed and governments flush with sufficient resources to meet their needs .
More often , however , sprawling and impoverished cities are vulnerable to crime lords , gangs , and petty rebellions .
Thus , the rapid urbanization of the developing world in the decades ahead might bring , in exaggerated form , problems similar to those that urbanization brought to nineteenth - century Europe .
Back then , cyclical employment , inadequate policing , and limited sanitation and education often spawned widespread labor strife , periodic violence , and sometimes -- as in the 1820s , the 1830s , and 1848 -- even revolutions .
International terrorism might also originate in fast - urbanizing developing countries ( even more than it already does ) .
With their neighborhood networks , access to the Internet and digital communications technology , and concentration of valuable targets , sprawling cities offer excellent opportunities for recruiting , maintaining , and hiding terrorist networks .
DEFUSING THE BOMB
Averting this century 's potential dangers will require sweeping measures .
Three major global efforts defused the population bomb of Ehrlich 's day : a commitment by governments and nongovernmental organizations to control reproduction rates ; agricultural advances , such as the green revolution and the spread of new technology ; and a vast increase in international trade , which globalized markets and thus allowed developing countries to export foodstuffs in exchange for seeds , fertilizers , and machinery , which in turn helped them boost production .
But today 's population bomb is the product less of absolute growth in the world 's population than of changes in its age and distribution .
Policymakers must therefore adapt today 's global governance institutions to the new realities of the aging of the industrialized world , the concentration of the world 's economic and population growth in developing countries , and the increase in international immigration .
During the Cold War , Western strategists divided the world into a " First World , " of democratic industrialized countries ; a " Second World , " of communist industrialized countries ; and a " Third World , " of developing countries .
These strategists focused chiefly on deterring or managing conflict between the First and the Second Worlds and on launching proxy wars and diplomatic initiatives to attract Third World countries into the First World 's camp .
Since the end of the Cold War , strategists have largely abandoned this three - group division and have tended to believe either that the United States , as the sole superpower , would maintain a Pax Americana or that the world would become multipolar , with the United States , Europe , and China playing major roles .
Unfortunately , because they ignore current global demographic trends , these views will be obsolete within a few decades .
A better approach would be to consider a different three - world order , with a new First World of the aging industrialized nations of North America , Europe , and Asia 's Pacific Rim ( including Japan , Singapore , South Korea , and Taiwan , as well as China after 2030 , by which point the one - child policy will have produced significant aging ) ; a Second World comprising fast - growing and economically dynamic countries with a healthy mix of young and old inhabitants ( such as Brazil , Iran , Mexico , Thailand , Turkey , and Vietnam , as well as China until 2030 ) ; and a Third World of fast - growing , very young , and increasingly urbanized countries with poorer economies and often weak governments .
To cope with the instability that will likely arise from the new Third World 's urbanization , economic strife , lawlessness , and potential terrorist activity , the aging industrialized nations of the new First World must build effective alliances with the growing powers of the new Second World and together reach out to Third World nations .
Second World powers will be pivotal in the twenty - first century not just because they will drive economic growth and consume technologies and other products engineered in the First World ; they will also be central to international security and cooperation .
The realities of religion , culture , and geographic proximity mean that any peaceful and productive engagement by the First World of Third World countries will have to include the open cooperation of Second World countries .
Strategists , therefore , must fundamentally reconsider the structure of various current global institutions .
The G - 8 , for example , will likely become obsolete as a body for making global economic policy .
The G - 20 is already becoming increasingly important , and this is less a short - term consequence of the ongoing global financial crisis than the beginning of the necessary recognition that Brazil , China , India , Indonesia , Mexico , Turkey , and others are becoming global economic powers .
International institutions will not retain their legitimacy if they exclude the world 's fastest - growing and most economically dynamic countries .
It is essential , therefore , despite European concerns about the potential effects on immigration , to take steps such as admitting Turkey into the European Union .
This would add youth and economic dynamism to the EU -- and would prove that Muslims are welcome to join Europeans as equals in shaping a free and prosperous future .
On the other hand , excluding Turkey from the EU could lead to hostility not only on the part of Turkish citizens , who are expected to number 100 million by 2050 , but also on the part of Muslim populations worldwide .
NATO must also adapt .
The alliance today is composed almost entirely of countries with aging , shrinking populations and relatively slow - growing economies .
It is oriented toward the Northern Hemisphere and holds on to a Cold War structure that cannot adequately respond to contemporary threats .
The young and increasingly populous countries of Africa , the Middle East , Central Asia , and South Asia could mobilize insurgents much more easily than NATO could mobilize the troops it would need if it were called on to stabilize those countries .
Long - standing NATO members should , therefore -- although it would require atypical creativity and flexibility -- consider the logistical and demographic advantages of inviting into the alliance countries such as Brazil and Morocco , rather than countries such as Albania .
That this seems far - fetched does not minimize the imperative that First World countries begin including large and strategic Second and Third World powers in formal international alliances .
The case of Afghanistan -- a country whose population is growing fast and where NATO is currently engaged -- illustrates the importance of building effective global institutions .
Today , there are 28 million Afghans ; by 2025 , there will be 45 million ; and by 2050 , there will be close to 75 million .
As nearly 20 million additional Afghans are born over the next 15 years , NATO will have an opportunity to help Afghanistan become reasonably stable , self - governing , and prosperous .
If NATO 's efforts fail and the Afghans judge that NATO intervention harmed their interests , tens of millions of young Afghans will become more hostile to the West .
But if they come to think that NATO 's involvement benefited their society , the West will have tens of millions of new friends .
The example might then motivate the approximately one billion other young Muslims growing up in low - income countries over the next four decades to look more kindly on relations between their countries and the countries of the industrialized West .
CREATIVE REFORMS AT HOME
The aging industrialized countries can also take various steps at home to promote stability in light of the coming demographic trends .
First , they should encourage families to have more children .
France and Sweden have had success providing child care , generous leave time , and financial allowances to families with young children .
Yet there is no consensus among policymakers -- and certainly not among demographers -- about what policies best encourage fertility .
More important than unproven tactics for increasing family size is immigration .
Correctly managed , population movement can benefit developed and developing countries alike .
Given the dangers of young , underemployed , and unstable populations in developing countries , immigration to developed countries can provide economic opportunities for the ambitious and serve as a safety valve for all .
Countries that embrace immigrants , such as the United States , gain economically by having willing laborers and greater entrepreneurial spirit .
And countries with high levels of emigration ( but not so much that they experience so - called brain drains ) also benefit because emigrants often send remittances home or return to their native countries with valuable education and work experience .
One somewhat daring approach to immigration would be to encourage a reverse flow of older immigrants from developed to developing countries .
If older residents of developed countries took their retirements along the southern coast of the Mediterranean or in Latin America or Africa , it would greatly reduce the strain on their home countries ' public entitlement systems .
The developing countries involved , meanwhile , would benefit because caring for the elderly and providing retirement and leisure services is highly labor intensive .
Relocating a portion of these activities to developing countries would provide employment and valuable training to the young , growing populations of the Second and Third Worlds .
This would require developing residential and medical facilities of First World quality in Second and Third World countries .
Yet even this difficult task would be preferable to the status quo , by which low wages and poor facilities lead to a steady drain of medical and nursing talent from developing to developed countries .
Many residents of developed countries who desire cheaper medical procedures already practice medical tourism today , with India , Singapore , and Thailand being the most common destinations .
( For example , the international consulting firm Deloitte estimated that 750,000 Americans traveled abroad for care in 2008 . )
Never since 1800 has a majority of the world 's economic growth occurred outside of Europe , the United States , and Canada .
Never have so many people in those regions been over 60 years old .
And never have low - income countries ' populations been so young and so urbanized .
But such will be the world 's demography in the twenty - first century .
The strategic and economic policies of the twentieth century are obsolete , and it is time to find new ones .
To get through airport security in Toronto for a flight to the United States , you now have to go through eight different screening lines or ID checks .
Most passengers either get a pat - down or have their carry - on bags unpacked on tables , with every toiletry kit and pajama pair carefully checked .
And tight restrictions on carry - on luggage force most road warriors to check their roll - a- board bags .
" Ever since the underwear bomber thing , it 's been ridiculous , " said Kevin Koski , who was headed home to Miami from a job interview ...
( The Frisky ) --
Last night , our own " Mind of Man " columnist was trying to tell me that couples moving in together was the kiss of death for their relationship .
I think he 's crazy -- always , always , always move in together before you commit to marriage , trust me ! -- but it did get me thinking about what some real kiss of death moments are for couples .
Just do n't be mad at us if you decide to dump your boyfriend as a result .
1 . You 're a lot smarter than he is :
Let 's face it , guys can't handle when a woman knows more than they do , about anything .
" And lord knows , an intelligent woman would never waste her time with a guy with pea soup for brains , " says Bea .
2. Residual immaturity : No guy completely grows up ( says the girl whose fiancé spent three hours playing NCAA Football 2009 on his PS3 last night ) , but a passionate interest in something truly juvenile will wear on you eventually , if not immediately .
" I discovered his secret stash of comic books ; I started to notice that the reason he got up early on Saturday mornings was to watch cartoons , and guess what ?
Pretty soon I stopped feeling attracted to him , " says Katie .
3. Differing opinions on A ) Meal responsibility and B ) Palate :
If s/he 's not accepting of the fact that you will not ever cook for him / her ( A ) , and especially not a steak because you 're a vegetarian ( B ) , your relationship is well - done and charred .
4. Grooming / bathing / hygiene take a back seat :
You discover stains on his underwear or witness him picking his nose without shame , while you also have n't bothered to shave your legs in four months or wear anything but your worst underwear in front of him .
" After my boyfriend and I broke up is when I finally bought new bras and undies , " admits Sarah .
" I did n't care about maintaining any sort of sex appeal for him , but all the new guys on the horizon ?
Hell , yeah . "
The Frisky : 6 heartwarming stories of old love
5. Girl - cations / Man-cations :
This is OK in the beginning or even months into a relationship , but once you 've been a couple awhile and she suddenly wants to use her precious vacation time ( not to mention money ) to travel with her girls to Las Vegas , be warned :
She 's probably weeks away from announcing she hates you .
Ditto on when he announces he 's going backpacking with his best friend Tommy in Peru .
The Frisky :
Is your guy just lazy or does he have ADHD ?
6. TV in the bedroom :
No matter who decides to buy the 60 - inch plasma and install it directly across from where " the magic happens , " TV in the bedroom is an instant mood killer , both sexually and mentally .
" The fact that my ex and I happily chose ' Seinfeld ' reruns over , you know , love - making definitely signaled the end of our relationship , " says Clara .
The Frisky : Demi Moore responds when a fan tells her she looks old
7 . Having rugrats :
If you can't agree on whether to have kids , that 's a major dealbreaker .
But be warned , procreators !
" Once you have them , your love life is over , " says Susie .
" Sorry .
I speak from experience . "
The Frisky :
The highest grossing actress of the decade is ...
8 . Using the bathroom in each other 's presence : Separate bathrooms , or at least separate bathroom schedules , are key to a successful relationship .
Kim says : " The one thing in their relationships that all of my divorced friends have in common is that they regularly had their morning pee in the bathroom while their significant other was brushing his teeth .
Do n't do it , ladies .
Maintain a little mystery . "
The Frisky : You 'll be surprised by some celebs awkward phases
9 . King - size beds :
Even if you go to bed mad , something about a forced snuggle in a small bed is like an unspoken " you 're forgiven " and allows everything bad between you to dissolve away .
A king - size mattress lets the tension rest comfortably between you and a fight can go on for days .
The Frisky : Olympic weightlifter picks up a dumbbell and pops out a baby !
10 .
Half - truths to girlfriends : " I always know a relationship is doomed when I start telling my friends only part of the story about a squabble with my man , " says Kelly .
" I need the release of the confession , but by not telling the whole truth , I 'm leaving out the part that would make my friends scream ' He 's not right for you ! ' "
Chances are , you 've probably already judged his actions yourself and are scared of your friends telling you what you already know -- that you deserve better .
11 . A drastic change in appearance : Many times after a breakup , a woman will chop off her hair or dye it a radical color .
If she does it while she 's in a relationship , she 's sending her guy a message : " I do n't care whether you think my ears look too big with a pixie cut . "
12 . Momma's boy or Daddy 's little girl :
If either one of you respects the opinion of a parent more than the opinion of your significant other , you 're headed for trouble .
" When my boyfriend would call up his mother and ask her for her advice on work , money matters , and , seriously , even what to wear to Easter brunch , I realized he was never going to value my opinion as much or more than hers , " says Lisa .
13 . " Oops , I mean ... " moments :
She or he calling you by the ex's name outside of the bedroom is a reason to be alarmed .
Though , if it happens inside the bedroom , you should probably just forget you ever met .
TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved
This flower - like image is the work of Eshel Ben-Jacob , a professor of physics at Tel Aviv University in Israel .
Working with colleagues at the Center for Theoretical Biological Physics at the University of California , San Diego , he wants to unravel what it is that makes bacteria so adept at survival by looking at pattern formation in complex dynamic systems alongside the molecular biology and biophysics of bacteria .
Ben -Jacob 's work is artificially coloured , but the pattern is produced by the bacteria responding to stresses put upon them .
For example , by limiting the food source , the colony can be made to reorganise itself into long tendrils , increasing its surface area to find more nutrients .
( Image : Eshel Ben- Jacob )
In this image , also by Ben - Jacob , you can see the narrow tentacles reaching out as the bacteria struggle to find nutrients .
In order to flourish in difficult living conditions the colony must adapt .
This requires communication and cooperation from the individual microbes to organise the entire colony .
Ben -Jacob 's artistic endeavours are evidence of this organisation .
If scientists can understand how the bacteria work together , they might find new ways to outsmart them : by disrupting their communication mechanisms , for example .
( Image : Eshel Ben- Jacob )
This is another of Eshel Ben-Jacob 's creations : he calls this one The Dragon .
As well as starving his subjects to produce interesting shapes , he also exposes them to noxious chemicals .
For example , in response to the antibiotic Septrin , Paenibacillus dendritiformis biochemicals are secreted that instruct the individual microbes to come closer together .
This increases the colony ’s ability to dilute the antibiotic with a lubricating fluid .
Understanding how bacteria overcome antibiotics could help design more potent versions .
( Image : Eshel Ben- Jacob ) Advertisement
London - based artist Erno - Erik Raitanen grows his art from the bacteria on his body .
He takes a swab and then cultivates the collected bacteria on photographic film with a gelatin surface .
The bacteria eat the gelatin , producing shapes and colours as the chemicals in the film react .
These degraded negatives are then developed in a darkroom , producing the effect seen here .
( Image : Erno - Erik Raitanen )
Hunter Cole of Loyola University Chicago produces " living drawings " , made from several Petri dishes of bioluminescent bacteria .
She photographs them over a period of two weeks , capturing the various stages of their life cycle .
The shapes morph into each other as the bacteria stop glowing brightly and start to dim and die .
( Image : Hunter Cole )
This is an image of Proteus mirabilis colonies from James Shapiro 's research .
Shapiro is a bacterial geneticist at the University of Chicago , interested in pattern formation during colony growth and " natural genetic engineering " .
This is thought to occur when some organisms actively restructure their genomes in response to harsh environmental conditions .
( Image : James Shapiro )
This image , Mario , was submitted to the 2009 international Genetically Engineered Machine ( iGEM ) competition by Team Osaka from the nanobiology laboratories at the University of Osaka , Japan .
They genetically engineered bacteria to express fluorescent proteins and carotenoid pigments to create works of art .
At the start of summer , the teams competing in iGEM are issued with a set of standard biological parts called BioBricks .
They use these and their own bricks to invent new biological machines .
( Image : Team Osaka )
This bacterial “ photo ” was created by projecting light onto bacterial " film " – genetically engineered E. coli bacteria .
The film was infused with a sugar that turns black when digested .
The bacteria in the dark parts of the Petri dish digested this sugar and so turned black , whereas in the illuminated areas , a light - activated gene prevented the bacteria from eating the sugar , and so these parts remained clear .
This photo was taken by Jeff Tabor and Matt Good in 2007 .
A few years earlier , when Tabor was a student at the University of Texas at Austin , he was part of a group of students who won a prize at the 2009 International Genetically Engineered Machine competition ( iGEM ) for their rudimentary E - coli camera .
Tabor now works at the University of California , San Francisco , where he continues to use light to engineer unnatural behaviours into colonies of bacteria .
( Image : Jeff Tabor and Matt Good )
Alexander Fleming is most famous for his discovery of penicillin in 1928 and for his subsequent Nobel prize .
He was also one of the first people to discover the artistic potential of microbes .
This is an example of one of his “ germ paintings ” using living bacteria .
( Image : Kevin Brown of the Alexander Fleming Laboratory Museum )
As you age , you have a good chance of being affected by changes in blood sugar levels .
Why ?
One in four Americans over 60 struggles with this problem .
But here ’s something you need to know before you begin treatment .
The American Diabetes Association ’s ( ADA ’s ) recommended diet is like pouring gas on a wild fire .
It ’s ironic how it sets out to help people with blood sugar issues , yet it just ends up hurting them .
Take a look …
The cornerstone of the ADA ’s diet program is to lower fat intake .
But the notion that eating fats will make you fat is a fundamental mistake .
For most people , excess insulin makes them fat and not the fat itself .
The ADA also recommends high fiber foods , yet it does n’t stress caution about starches like whole grains .
You might be surprised to know that whole grains spike your blood sugar more than sugary foods .
To top it off , studies even show that low fat and high carb diets like the one recommended by the ADA just do n’t work .
For example , in a recent study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association , 210 patients with blood sugar concerns followed either a low carb / low glycemic diet or a high cereal / high fiber diet .
Those on the low glycemic / low carb diet saw a larger reduction in blood glucose levels and even cholesterol levels compared to those who were on the high cereal / high carb diet .
Here ’s something else …
Of the three types of macronutrients used by the body – protein , carbohydrates , and fats – carbohydrates is the only one that affects insulin levels .
Fat and protein do n’t .
However , the ADA continues to tell you to stop eating fat .
In fact , your body needs fat to help slow the conversion of carbs into sugar
The ADA also provides tips and guidelines for reducing your protein intake .
But proteins are a crucial component to sustaining your body and breaking the cycle caused by insulin resistance .
And the chemical reactions that take place in your body when you are insulin resistant raise cortisol .
Cortisol speeds the breakdown of proteins .
Fat and protein are not the bad guys .
The key is to eat the right kinds of fat and the right kinds of protein .
The last thing you want to do is follow the diet advice of the ADA for a low fat diet full of whole grains , or you ’ll surely suffer with diabetes for the rest of your life .
The best thing you can do is to eat the right fats and proteins and kick out the starchy carbs .
Here are some tips to help you make the right choices .
Do n’t be afraid of fat .
Avoid trans fats ( partially or fully hydrogenated oils ) which are found in processed foods .
Get healthy fat from lean proteins ( grass - fed beef ) , wild fish , olives / oil , Sacha Inchi oil , avocados , and nuts .
Avoid starches like grains including corn , potatoes , and rice .
Choose good quality protein – it ’s “ guilt - free ” food .
It wo n’t raise your blood sugar and helps handle insulin better , build muscle and repair tissue – all essential for staying lean and preventing diabetes .
Grass - fed beef , free - range poultry , cage - free eggs , and wild salmon are all good choices .
Choose vegetables that do n’t spike your blood sugar ( low glycemic ) .
Those that grow above ground are good choices – cabbage , broccoli , cauliflower , asparagus , mushrooms , green beans , leafy green vegetables , and tomatoes .
Eat fruits such as berries and those you can eat with the skin on .
Skip dried fruit and fruit juices ( they have added sugar ) .
Avoid processed foods .
They are loaded with bad fats and carbs , artificial sweeteners , and preservatives .
Avoid high fructose corn syrup .
It contributes to insulin resistance .
Fructose is converted to fat more than other sweeteners .
In fact , HFCS has been linked to obesity .
And limit natural sweeteners like sugar and honey .
Sources Include :
1 National Diabetes Information Clearinghouse ( NDIC ) National Diabetes Statistics .
2007 .
http://diabetes.niddk.nih.gov/index.htm
2 . Rabin , Roni Caryn .
“ Recommended Diet for Diabetics May Need Changing , Study Suggests ” , The New York Times , 12/19/08 , www.nytimes.com
3 . “ The Diabetes Food Pyramid : Protein , ” The American Diabetes Association .
( http://www.diabetes.org/nutrition-and-recipes/nutrition/protein.jsp), 9/1/2004 4 . “ Consumption of High - Fructose Corn Syrup in Beverages May Play a Role in the Epidemic of Obesity ” American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , Vol. 79 , No. 4 , April 2004 .
Related Articles
The year 2009 was a grim one for many Americans , but there was one pleasant surprise amid all the drear : Citizens , though ground down and nerve - racked by the recession , still somehow resisted the urge to rob and kill one another , and they resisted in impressive numbers .
Across the country , FBI data show that crime last year fell to lows unseen ... ( Full article : 1720 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
A DARWIN man has opened a bag of chips and found only one inside .
The Northern Territory News reports Phil Jackson , 54 , of Wanguri , brought the Cheese Rings to work with him on Monday .
When he opened the bag he was stunned to find it contained only one solitary ring - barely a mouthful .
" I was devastated , " he said .
" I put it down to the GFC - money 's tight , times are hard . "
The innocent snack attack victim had bought them in a large variety pack from a Coles supermarket .
Coles spokesman Jim Cooper said he would get a replacement pack .
" We certainly are n't in the business of giving people a single cheese ring in the packet , " Mr Cooper said .
Mr Jackson was philosophical , saying the day before he had gone to KFC to get a five - piece wing pack , only to find six pieces inside .
" What you lose on the hurdy - gurdy you pick up on the roundabout , " he said .
Haiti's supreme voodoo leader has vowed to wage " war " after Evangelicals attacked a ceremony organised by his religion honouring those killed in last month 's massive earthquake .
The attack on Tuesday in the capital 's sprawling Cite Soleil slum came amid rising religious tensions , as Protestant Evangelicals and other denominations recruit followers in the wake of the earthquake that killed more than 200,000 .
Some of the fresh converts have said they did so because they believed God caused the earthquake .
" It will be war - open war , " Max Beauvoir , supreme head of Haitian voodoo , said in an interview at his home and temple outside the capital .
" It 's unfortunate that at this moment where everybody 's suffering , that they have to go into war .
But if that is what they need , I think that is what they 'll get . "
A handout image from the US Geological Survey in 2008 shows a mosaic of the Schiaparelli hemisphere of the planet Mars projected into point perspective , a view similar to that which one would see from a spacecraft .
A journey from Earth to Mars could soon take just 39 days , cutting current travel time nearly six times , according to a rocket scientist who has the ear of the US space agency .
A journey from Earth to Mars could in the future take just 39 days -- cutting current travel time nearly six times -- according to a rocket scientist who has the ear of the US space agency .
Franklin Chang - Diaz , a former astronaut and a physicist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) , says reaching the Red Planet could be dramatically quicker using his high - tech VASIMR rocket , now on track for liftoff after decades of development .
The Variable Specific Impulse Magnetoplasma Rocket -- to give its full name -- is quick becoming a centerpiece of NASA 's future strategy as it looks to private firms to help meet the astronomical costs of space exploration .
NASA , still reeling from a political decision to cancel its Constellation program that would have returned a human to the moon by the end of the decade , has called on firms to provide new technology to power rovers or even future manned missions .
Hopes are now pinned on firms like Chang - Diaz 's Texas - based Ad Astra Rocket Company .
" In the early days ...
NASA support for the project was rather minimal because the agency did not emphasize advanced technologies as much as it's doing now , " Chang - Diaz told AFP .
NASA was focused instead on the series of Apollo missions that delivered men to the moon for the first , and so far last , times .
" They were mesmerized by the Apollo days and lived in the Apollo era for 40 years , and they just forgot developing something new , " he said .
Chang - Diaz , 60 , hopes that " something " is a non-chemical rocket that eventually allow for a manned trip to Mars -- long the Holy Grail for Apollonians .
His rocket would use electricity to transform a fuel -- likely hydrogen , helium or deuterium -- into plasma gas that is heated to 51.8 million degrees Fahrenheit ( 11 million degrees Celsius ) .
The plasma gas is then channeled into tailpipes using magnetic fields to propel the spacecraft .
That would send a shuttle hurtling toward the moon or Mars at ever faster speeds up to an estimated 35 miles ( 55 kilometers ) per second until the engines are reversed .
Chang - Diaz , a veteran of seven space missions , said this rapid acceleration could allow for trips of just 39 days instead of the current anticipated round trip voyage to Mars that would last three years , including a forced stay of 18 months on the Red Planet , as astronauts await an opening to return to Earth .
The distance between the Earth and Mars varies between 35 and 250 million miles ( 55 million and 400 million kilometers ) depending on their points of orbit .
And the use of ionized fuel could have the extra benefit of helping create a magnetic field around the spacecraft to protect against radiation .
Scaled - down models of the VASIMR craft have been built and tested in a vacuum , under a deal with NASA .
The next major step , according to Chang - Diaz , will be orbital deployment at the end of 2013 of a vessel using the 200 - kilowatt prototype VASIMR engine , the VX - 200 .
Talks are underway with fellow space firms SpaceX and Orbital Science Corp to make that a reality .
Despite the hurdles ahead , Chang - Diaz sees the potential for a vast market for his technology -- maintaining and repairing fixing satellites or launching robotic and commercial missions to Mars .
His rocket may just launch NASA 's brave new , commercial , world of space exploration .
Explore further Plasma Rocket Could Travel to Mars in 39 Days
( c ) 2010 AFP
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Seattle
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Such as getting drunk , and stumbling home with an equally drunk coed .
Oh my God , I was so wasted .
I do n't remember meeting you .
I do n't remember taking the bus with you .
I assume we took the bus , as neither of us were in any position to drive , and my apartment is a good five miles from where we drank , which would be far too long a walk when sober .
I do remember briefly talking in the bar ( although I do n't know what about ) .
I remember us naked in my living room .
I hope we kept our clothes on until we entered my apartment .
We drank some more at my place .
I think .
Everything is very hazy .
You were hot , and a senior from a sorority .
That 's great .
I think that made the sex better , somehow .
Because I do n't remember much , but I think we had amazing ( albeit sloppy ) sex , for a long while .
May I take a second here to congratulate myself on staying hard despite so much alcohol .
You did well , too .
It was fun .
Then we fell asleep .
I woke up with a massive headache and an inability to recall the previous night .
You were gone when I woke up , all traces of you vanished .
I was merely a one night stand for you .
I do n't regret it , though .
I just have two questions .
What 's your name ?
And , can I please have my wallet back ?
© 2020 Independent Online and affiliated companies .
All rights reserved
Please visit the official Government information portal for Coronavirus by clicking HERE
The title of this post would make a good name for a band .
Anyway , today I ’m going to talk about Swing and concurrency and Clojure .
The Swing framework is not thread - safe .
That may sound strange at first , but there ’s actually some sound technical reasoning behind it .
Basically , the Swing designers realized that , in order to have a multi- threaded GUI , you need locks everywhere , which typically means you have bugs everywhere .
That ’s not to say a Swing application ca n’t be multi- threaded .
Swing merely requires that the GUI be single - threaded .
In Swing , all GUI - related code must run on a special thread called the event dispatch thread , which is automatically created by the Swing framework .
By design , event listeners such as ActionListener.actionPerformed always run on the event dispatch thread .
To run arbitrary code on the event dispatch thread , you can use the SwingUtilities .
invokeLater method .
As was pointed out in a comment on my last post , this is how all of my example apps should be started .
The invokeLater method takes a Runnable argument .
In Clojure , this is easy , because all Clojure functions are Runnable .
So , for example , the temp - app program should be started like this :
( SwingUtilities / invokeLater temp-app )
As a consequence of running all GUI code on a single thread , any GUI code that blocks can “ freeze ” the entire application .
Event listeners , therefore , must execute quickly and delegate long operations like I /O to other threads .
Java 6 provides the SwingWorker class to manage long - running background tasks .
Unfortunately , the implementation of SwingWorker is heavily dependent on protected methods and concrete inheritance , features that are awkward to use in Clojure .
But wait , was n’t Clojure designed for concurrency ?
Yes it was , and we can replace SwingWorker with Clojure ’s more - powerful tools .
In this post , I will recreate the Flipper application from the Swing tutorials .
* * *
The point of Flipper is to test the “ fairness ” of Java ’s random number generator .
It uses java.util .
Random to generate random booleans , simulating a series of coin flips .
The number of “ heads ” ( boolean true ) should converge to half of the total number of flips .
The Java version of Flipper ( source here ) does the coin flips in a SwingWorker thread , which sends intermediate results to a GUI .
Our version will use Clojure Agents , a much more flexible and powerful alternative .
Lets dig into some code .
First , we need a function to create a “ Flipper ” agent :
( defn new - flipper [ ] ( agent {: total 0 , : heads 0 , : running false , :random ( java.util.Random . ) } ) )
This sets up the initial state of the agent , with its own random number generator , two counters , and a boolean flag to designate whether or not the flipper is running .
The flipper agent will have three actions .
An agent action is just a function taking one argument , which is the current state of the agent .
Whatever the function returns becomes the new state of the agent .
Additionally , in the body of the action , the special Var * agent * is bound to the agent itself .
The action function can send other actions to * agent * ; those actions will not run until after the current action completes .
Our flipper ’s first action is calculate :
( defn calculate [ state ] ( if ( : running state ) ( do ( send * agent * calculate ) ( assoc state : total ( inc ( : total state ) ) : heads ( if ( .nextBoolean ( : random state ) ) ( inc ( : heads state ) ) ( : heads state ) ) ) ) state ) )
If the flipper is currently “ running , ” calculate will call the random number generator and update the counters .
It will also send itself to the agent again , creating a loop .
If the flipper is not “ running , ” calculate does nothing , but it must still return the original state .
The remaining two actions control the “ running ” state of the agent :
( defn start [ state ] ( send * agent * calculate ) ( assoc state : running true ) ) ( defn stop [ state ] ( assoc state : running false ) )
These actions just change the value of : running in the agent ’s state .
The start action also sends the calculate action to kickstart the calculation loop .
To watch the agent in action , try this at the REPL :
( def flipper ( new - flipper ) ) ( send flipper start )
The flipper is now running in the background .
At any time , you can retrieve the current state of the flipper with ( deref flipper ) , or simply @flipper .
Try it a few times and see how the counters change , as in this sample REPL session :
user > @flipper {: total 365067 , : heads 182253 , : running true , ... user > @flipper {: total 679283 , : heads 338549 , : running true , ... user > @flipper {: total 1030204 , : heads 513767 , : running true , ...
To stop the calculation , type
( send flipper stop )
Subsequent calls to @flipper will all show the same value .
You can restart the calculation by typing ( send flipper start ) again .
We need one more function to make our flipper complete .
We want to compute the “ unfairness ” of the random number generator , or how far it is from 0.5 .
This is easy :
( defn error [ state ] ( if ( zero ? ( : total state ) ) 0.0 (- ( / ( double ( : heads state ) ) ( : total state ) ) 0.5 ) ) )
The if expression is just there to avoid divide - by - zero errors in the initial case .
Note that , although I used the same argument name , state , as in the actions , the error function is not meant to be called as an action with send .
Instead , we will call it on the current state of the agent like this :
( error @flipper )
* * *
The nice thing about this flipper is that , unlike the Java version , it is completely decoupled from the GUI .
We can design and test it at the REPL before writing any GUI code at all .
( The Java version could have been decoupled .
But because Swing requires you to create so many classes anyway , the temptation is always there to combine GUI code with “ process ” code . )
So let ’s get this GUI going .
Unlike the Java example , which used callbacks from the flipper to update the GUI , our GUI will update at a fixed rate of 10 times per second .
To do this we will use a javax . swing .
Timer , which fires an event every n milliseconds .
First , some imports and a helper function to create the text fields with common attributes :
( import '( javax.swing JPanel JFrame JButton JTextField JLabel Timer SwingUtilities ) ) ( defn text - field [ value ] ( doto ( JText Field . value 15 ) ( .setEnabled false ) ( .setHorizontalAlignment JTextField / RIGHT ) ) )
Next , we will reuse the on-action macro from an earlier post , except I ’ve renamed it with - action because my editor ’s automatic indentation looks better that way .
( defmacro with - action [ component event & body ] `( . ~component addActionListener ( proxy [ java.awt.event.ActionListener ] [ ] ( actionPerformed [ ~event ] ~ @body ) ) ) )
And now we ’re ready for the app itself :
( defn flipper - app [ ] ;;
Construct components : ( let [ flipper ( new - flipper ) b- start ( JButton .
" Start " ) b- stop ( doto ( JButton .
" Stop " ) ( .setEnabled false ) ) total ( text - field " 0 " ) heads ( text - field " 0 " ) t- error ( text - field " 0.0 " ) timer ( Timer. 100 nil ) ] ;;
Setup actions : ( with - action timer e ( let [ state @flipper ] ( .setText total ( str ( : total state ) ) ) ( .setText heads ( str ( : heads state ) ) ) ( .setText t- error ( format " %.10g " ( error state ) ) ) ) ) ( with - action b- start e ( send flipper start ) ( .setEnabled b- stop true ) ( .setEnabled b- start false ) ( . start timer ) ) ( with - action b- stop e ( send flipper stop ) ( .setEnabled b- stop false ) ( .setEnabled b- start true ) ( . stop timer ) ) ;;
Create window and layout : ( doto ( JFrame . " Flipper " ) ( .setContentPane ( doto ( JPanel . ) ( .add ( JLabel . " Total : " ) ) ( .add total ) ( .add ( JLabel . " Heads : " ) ) ( .add heads ) ( .add ( JLabel . " Error : " ) ) ( .add t- error ) ( .add b- start ) ( .add b- stop ) ) ) ( . pack ) ( .setVisible true ) ) ) )
The GUI has three text fields showing the total number of flips , the number of “ heads , ” and the error rate .
The “ Start ” button starts the flipper ; the “ Stop ” button suspends it .
You can start and stop as many times as you like without losing the results of the calculation ( another improvement over the Java version , which restarts at zero each time ) .
The important code is in the with - action bodies .
( Do n’t confuse Swing ActionListeners with Agent actions . )
Remember , event listeners must execute quickly , so all they do is update the visible parts of the GUI .
The “ Start ” button kicks off the flipper and activates the Timer .
The Timer fires every 100 milliseconds , updating the text fields from the current state of the flipper .
The “ Stop ” button suspends both the Timer and the flipper .
Run the application like this :
( SwingUtilities / invokeLater flipper-app )
We did n’t do any fancy layout because it was n’t necessary for the example .
But if you want something prettier , here ’s another version using the GridBagLayout macros from my last post :
( import '( java.awt GridBagLayout Insets ) ) ( defmacro set - grid ! [ constraints field value ] `( set ! (. ~constraints ~( symbol ( name field ) ) ) ~( if ( keyword ? value ) `(. java.awt .
GridBagConstraints ~( symbol ( name value ) ) ) value ) ) ) ( defmacro grid - bag - layout [ container & body ] ( let [c ( gensym " c " ) cntr ( gensym " cntr " ) ] `( let [ ~c ( new java.awt. GridBagConstraints ) ~ cntr ~ container ] ~ @( loop [ result '( ) body body ] ( if ( empty ? body ) ( reverse result ) ( let [ expr ( first body ) ] ( if ( keyword ? expr ) ( recur ( cons `( set - grid ! ~c ~expr ~( second body ) ) result ) ( next ( next body ) ) ) ( recur ( cons ` ( .add ~ cntr ~expr ~ c ) result ) ( next body ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( defn flipper-app2 [ ] ;;
Construct components : ( let [ flipper ( new - flipper ) b- start ( JButton .
" Start " ) b- stop ( doto ( JButton .
" Stop " ) ( .setEnabled false ) ) total ( text - field " 0 " ) heads ( text - field " 0 " ) t- error ( text - field " 0.0 " ) timer ( Timer. 100 nil ) ] ;;
Setup actions : ( with - action timer e ( let [ state @flipper ] ( .setText total ( str ( : total state ) ) ) ( .setText heads ( str ( : heads state ) ) ) ( .setText t- error ( format " %.10g " ( error state ) ) ) ) ) ( with - action b- start e ( send flipper start ) ( .setEnabled b- stop true ) ( .setEnabled b- start false ) ( . start timer ) ) ( with - action b- stop e ( send flipper stop ) ( .setEnabled b- stop false ) ( .setEnabled b- start true ) ( . stop timer ) ) ;;
Create window and layout : ( doto ( JFrame . " Flipper " ) ( .setContentPane ( doto ( JPanel . ( GridBagLayout . ) ) ( grid - bag - layout :insets ( Insets. 5 5 5 5 ) : gridx 0 , :anchor :LINE_END : gridy 0 , ( JLabel . " Total : " ) : gridy 1 , ( JLabel .
" Heads : " ) : gridy 2 , ( JLabel . " Error : " ) : gridx 1 , : anchor :LINE_START : gridy 0 , total : gridy 1 , heads : gridy 2 , t- error : gridx 0 , : gridy 3 , : gridwidth 2 , : anchor :CENTER ( doto ( JPanel . ) ( .add b- start ) ( .add b- stop ) ) ) ) ) ( . pack ) ( .setVisible true ) ) ) )
I centered the buttons below the text fields by embedding them in a nested JPanel that spans the full width of the window .
Run this example as :
( SwingUtilities /invokeLater flipper-app2 )
Enjoy !
Manufacturer and Cartoon Network Enterprises announce a new line of action figures , bobble heads and vehicles based on the Adult Swim Series , The Venture Bros .
LOS ANGELES , CA ( January 7 , 2010 ) – Bif Bang Pow ! and Cartoon Network Enterprises , the licensing and merchandising arm of Adult Swim , blast off for action with today ’s partnership announcement that will bring to market a brand - new line of toys based on the popular animated series The Venture Bros .
One of the most highly sought after product lines from Adult Swim ’s library , The Venture Bros. collection from Big Bang Pow !
will feature an array of articulated action figures , bobble heads , and vehicles , each embodying that distinctive action - comedy mix that has become synonymous with the series .
First to be released from the line is a series of 7 - inch scale resin bobble heads targeted for spring 2010 .
Action figures are scheduled to hit the market in the summer of 2010 .
These fully - articulated figures will include the series most popular and recognizable characters including Dr. Venture , The Monarch , Brock Samson , Hank & Dean Venture and more .
Several exclusives are also in the works .
More detailed information about the products will be made available in the coming weeks .
“ We ’ve been courting The Venture Brothers for quite some time now , and we ’re beyond excited to finally bring fans what they want : a range of fully articulated action figures and bobble heads , ” said Jason Lenzi , CEO of Bif Bang Pow !
“ With the ever - expanding cast of characters in the Venture universe , the possibilities are endless .
And , as always with Bif Bang Pow ! , expect the unexpected ! ”
“ A toy line based on The Venture Bros. has been a long time coming but we now have the ideal partner on board to bring these characters to life , ” said Christina Miller , senior vice president , CNE .
“ With their distinct style and love for the series , the team at Bif Bang Pow ! has created an impressive line that will excite our fans and meet their discerning tastes . ”
The Venture Bros. creator Jackson Publick , who has been working closely with Bif Bang Pow !
on the planning and creation of the toy line , adds , “ Finally .
It ’s about time someone made some action figures based on the show .
This is going to be great ! ”
About Bif Bang Pow !
Bif Bang Pow ! ( bifbangpow.com ) produces first - rate collectibles for such popular properties as Dexter , Lost , Californication , The Venture Bros. , The Twilight Zone , The Big Lebowski , and Flash Gordon .
Founder Jason Lenzi is a seasoned television producer and the ultimate fan of cultish pop culture .
So when he created his company in 2005 , he took the fan ’s perspective .
His idea was to bring items to the marketplace that he himself would want to own .
Cultivated from TV , movies , books , comics , music , and more , Bif Bang Pow ! ’s mission is to provide high - quality action figures , toys , and collectibles to the massive cult audience ( and kids of all ages ) that wishes these toys were already in their collection .
Bif Bang Pow ! is a unit of JLA Direct , LLC .
The 800 - mile long trans - Alaska pipeline -- a key artery in our national oil infrastructure -- is on the verge of collapse owing to the decreased production out of Alaska 's North Slope .
As with other key components of oil infrastructure , the pipeline does not do well then the flow slows to a trickle .
Underutilization is a major problem .
The Seattle - Tacoma News Tribune ( via The Oil Drum ) has an interesting report on the situation there
In the 1980s , at peak oil flows , a barrel of oil made the trip from Prudhoe Bay to Valdez in four days .
Now it takes 13 days .
The slower flow causes the temperature of the hot oil to cool faster .
At some point , the oil temperature will dip below the freezing point of water along certain segments , unless Alyeska reheats the oil inside the pipe .
As it gets colder , ice and wax may coat the insides of the pipeline .
The colder oil might also increase the risk of buried segments of the pipeline jacking up in the ground , company officials said .
The problems have been building for decades and will only become more pressing as oil production declines further .
For example , Alyeska , owned by BP , Conoco Phillips , Exxon Mobil and two smaller companies , used to launch devices to scrape wax -- a component of the oil -- out of the pipe 's interior every several weeks .
Now it 's every four to seven days .
Read the whole story >
THEN , to download a song , just click on it in the track list .
PLEASE REPORT PROBLEMS !!!
UNSTUCK IN TIME
tracks
Jughead 's Revenge
Unstuck in Time
Failure at Life
State of the World
Fuck Shit Up
Formula 502
Pack Your Bags
Memories of You
My Problems
Face of Destruction
Not My House
Sentenced to Die
Download entire album ( ZIP )
Download entire album ( RAR )
( front and rear cover art included ) Download album art only
Report a problem IT'S LONELY AT THE BOTTOM
tracks
Fabric of the Mind
Burn
Thorn of my Rose
Angry
I Remember
People Bomb
Stabbed in the Back
Whom God's Destroy
Love Me Tender
the Real World
Deny Myself
When the Party 's Over
Alone
Flower Child
Divided
Last , Last Laugh
Download entire album ( ZIP )
Download entire album ( RAR )
( front and rear cover art included ) Download album art only
Report a problem ELIMINATION
tracks
Eliminator
True Enemy
Silver Spoon
Measured in Time
Show the World
Angels
C- Biscuit
Red
Breaking Worlds
Do and Die
Get By
The Message
Unlimited
Surfin ' n Spyin '
Download entire album ( ZIP )
Download entire album ( RAR )
( front and rear cover art included ) Download album art only
Report a problem 13 KIDDIE FAVORITES
tracks
My Troubled Sleep
No Apologies
Runaway
Afraid
L.A. Girl
Inside of You
49/61
City of Hate
Nothing Between Us
the Loneliest Place
Thursday
Just Like You
Divided ( live )
Download entire album ( ZIP )
Download entire album ( RAR )
( front and rear cover art included ) Download album art only
Report a problem IMAGE IS EVERYTHING
tracks
Parliament of Whores
Tearing Down the World
Image is Everything
Pain
Forever
For Once in my Life
the People 's Pal
Environmental Scam
You 're Only Dreaming
I Remember
Neuvocation
Hellvis
Inside of You
One for the Bouncers
Skag Up My Ass
Play With Fire
Download entire album ( ZIP )
Download entire album ( RAR )
( front and rear cover art included ) Download album art only
Report a problem JUST JOINED
tracks
Hit and Run
Sleepwalking
Rules Don't Apply
Victim's and Volunteers
Just Start Shooting
Weight of the World
Punk Is n't Cool Anymore
Domino
Community Leaders
Surrender Your Secrets
( are you ) Happy
Casey
Corporate Bashing
Reprise
Download entire album ( ZIP )
Download entire album ( RAR )
( front and rear cover art included ) Download album art only
Report a problem PEARLY GATES
tracks
These Valley Streets
Lolita
Faust Part 2
No Time
Rising , Rising
Perfect
Swell
Make a Wish
Kill Security
You Never Know
Reprise
Rent a Cop Blues
Anthem
Just What I Needed
Download entire album ( ZIP )
Download entire album ( RAR )
( front and rear cover art included ) Download album art only
Report a problem
Dear EarthTalk :
What is the story with west coast salmon runs ?
I 've heard conflicting reports in regard to whether the fish are abundant or going extinct .
— Rebecca Shur , Kirkland , Wash .
West coast salmon runs have been in decline for decades , stemming largely from the damming of rivers and the pollution throughout the fish ’s extensive range from freshwater mountain streams to deep offshore ocean currents .
Analysts estimate that only 0.1 percent of the tens of millions of salmon that used to darken rivers every summer and fall up and down the west coast before white settlement still exist .
Particularly worrisome is the accelerated downward trend in the last few years , signaling that some populations just may not be able to cope with fast - changing climatic conditions heaped on top of other existing pressures .
But others suggest that the health of some of the region ’s salmon populations — such as bountiful pink salmon off of Oregon and Washington and still thriving Alaskan runs — shows that with proper management we may be able to retain lively populations of both wild salmon and fishers .
Perhaps the hardest hit and most talked about salmon fishery in the world — California ’s Sacramento River Chinook run — has been off - limits to fishers for two years now because of the low volume of wild fish returning to spawn .
In 2008 , only 66,000 Chinook salmon , a fraction of the former run , returned to spawn .
While last year was slightly better , biologists warn that numbers are still too small to warrant reopening the fishery anytime soon .
As to reasons for the decline , most analysts point to a range of factors including diversions of river water for farming , pollution , the intermingling of wild salmon with weaker , disease - ridden hatchery fish , and global warming — which creates some problems and exacerbates others .
Elsewhere the news is also bad .
Sockeye salmon numbers in British Columbia ’s Fraser River were at a 50 year low this past season , forcing closure for the third year in a row of what had been an abundant and reliable fishery .
Canada ’s Department of Fisheries and Oceans had predicted that some 10.5 million sockeye would return to spawn in the Fraser this past summer , but only 1.37 million made it back .
Glimmers of hope do exist .
Salmon fisheries in Washington and many parts of Oregon had a big year in 2009 .
“ Returns to the Columbia River , the region ’s biggest salmon producer , were on the increase , " reports Dennis Hull , an Oregon - based fishing guide and a contributor to Oregon Fishing News .
“ Coho returns in Oregon and points north were also on the upswing , allowing some commercial and recreational fishing off the coasts of Oregon and Washington . ”
The Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife reports that 2009 ’s Columbia River Coho salmon run , numbering some 700,000 fish , was the biggest since 2001 .
Groups such as Save Our Wild Salmon and the Klamath Forest Alliance are pushing policymakers to remove several large dams in the Columbia basin and elsewhere to spur wild salmon recovery .
Other groups , such as Salmon - Safe and Stewardship Partners , are working with farms and other intensive users of the land to try to reduce pollution into salmon - rich watersheds .
With 13 different salmon populations in the region already teetering on the brink , and the climate only getting hotter , time is surely of the essence .
CONTACTS : Canada ’s Department of Fisheries and Oceans , www.dfo-mpo.gc.ca; Save Our Wild Salmon , www.wildsalmon.org; Klamath Forest Alliance , www.klamathforestalliance.org; Salmon - Safe , www.salmonsafe.org; Stewardship Partners , www.stewardshippartners.org.
EarthTalk is produced by E / The Environmental Magazine .
SEND YOUR ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTIONS
TO : EarthTalk , P.O. Box 5098 , Westport , CT 06881 ; earthtalk@emagazine.com .
Read past columns at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/archives.php.
EarthTalk is now a book !
Details and order information at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalkbook.
Butter , croissants , pate de foie gras and lots of cheese , it 's not a that an American doctor would recommend !
Why are the French able to eat
three times as much fat as Americans , and yet they are thinner and have a lower incidence of heart disease than we do ?
There are several interesting reasons for this paradox .
Eating less and enjoying it more
First , the French serve and eat smaller portions than Americans do .
A cooperative study by researchers from both sides of the Atlantic showed that the mean American serving size in a variety of restaurants , including fast food restaurants and ice cream parlors , was 25 % larger than in France .
In Chinese restaurants the meal was 72 % larger in the US !
Single servings such as candy bars and yoghurt in supermarkets were also significantly larger in America than in France .
An American serving of Chinese restaurant food versus a French serving .
We Americans love to get a food bargain for our money .
" All you can eat for $ 7.95 . "
" This week only : two whopping huge burgers for the price of one . "
Mindful eating means carefully considering whether eating a lot of cheap food really is a bargain .
It 's not if eating it all causes us to gain unwanted weight !
Is this really a bargain ?
Only in America is this a one - person portion size .
How to work mindfully with large portion sizes in restaurants ?
First , choose how much your stomach and body actually want to eat .
Eat slowly , checking in with the stomach frequently to see if you are 4/5 full yet .
When you are , stop , drink some liquid .
Ask for a box and take the rest home for an even bigger bargain - a " free " lunch or dinner tomorrow .
Now that 's a bargain !
My Japanese friends are overwhelmed by the huge portions of food in American restaurants .
They cope by ordering one meal and an extra plate for two people .
Once in a while my husband likes to eat breakfast at a pancake house - type place .
He orders the full breakfast , a three egg and two cheeses omelette , bagel , and hash browns .
I just order a large juice and maybe some fruit .
Between us we have two good meals , not too much , not too little .
And in lean economic times , the price is right , even if the restaurant asks you to pay a collar for the extra plate .
What he orders + what I order =
Two appropriate size breakfasts
Americans are always enticing each other to " have a little bit more " but the French and Japanese do n't often take second portions or snack between meals .
We Americans have learned to nibble on food and drink almost continuously between meals .
Our mouths have become used to having something to taste all day long .
When I was a child , there were no between - meal snacks .
We never thought of rummaging through the refrigerator or cupboards to get something to eat .
We ate the three meals our mothers served , and that was it .
Sometimes we'd get some apple slices or carrot sticks after school to hold us over until dinner .
It was during and after World War II , when mothers began working , that snack foods were invented .
Little sealed packs of jello , pudding , cookies , candy , chips , even peanut butter and jelly sandwiches , were convenient for tucking into lunch boxes , but also into purses , back packs , glove compartments in cars , and into the vending machines that sprouted up everywhere , eventually invading schools .
Kids began feeding themselves when they wanted to , and food companies developed an array of processed foods with plenty of fat , sugar and salt to appeal to those kids .
Eating slowly and enjoying it more
European friends tell me that " eating lunch in France is a two hour affair . "
If you sat down , pointed to the first thing on the menu , told the waiter that you were in a hurry , and ate while talking on a cell phone , the waiter and chef would probably shoot you , and French courts might call it justifiable homicide .
It takes 20 minutes for food to reach the first part of the small intestine .
When that happens , chemical signals are sent back to the brain and rest of the digestive organs to say , " Whoa !
Stop eating !
We 've had enough to eat ! "
If we eat too fast , we can easily put too much food into our bodies before the signals are received .
When we eat more slowly , we have time to savor each bite .
Have you ever noticed how the first bite of a food we like brings a very enjoyable flavor burst , but by the third or fourth bite , the flavor sensations decrease ?
If we eat slowly , pausing until one bite is completely chewed , swallowed , and the taste is almost gone from our mouth , then the next bite we take is very enjoyable again .
We end up getting a lot of pleasure out of ten bites instead of enjoying only the first two bites and eating twenty more in search of that original delicious flavor .
MINDFUL EATING EXERCISE :
Try taking smaller first portions of food than you usually would .
( Keep the serving bowls out of sight . )
Eat more slowly than you usually would , paying full to each bite , and pausing between bites , letting the flavors in the mouth dissipate before you put the next bite in .
Eat each bite mindfully .
If you need to talk , talk while you 're pausing .
Stop talking when you 're eating .
If you 're reading , read a bit while you 're pausing , not while you are eating .
When you 've eaten the first portions , pause and ask the stomach , " How full are you ?
Do you need more ?
How much more ? "
Adjust your second portions according to the information the stomach gives you .
Maybe you only need two more bites of a food to feel satisfied .
Ubuntu uses the relatime option by default .
For your SSD partitions ( formatted as ext3 ) , replace relatime with noatime in fstab .
Reboot for the changes to take effect .
The simplest tweak is to mount volumes using the noatime option .
By default Linux will write the last accessed time attribute to files .
This can reduce the life of your SSD by causing a lot of writes .
The noatime mount option turns this off .
Reboot for the changes to take effect .
Running df , you should see a new line with / tmp mounted on tmpfs :
Using a ramdisk instead of the SSD to store temporary files will speed things up , but will cost you a few megabytes of RAM .
Open about : config in Firefox .
Right click in an open area and create a new string value called browser.cache.disk.parent_directory .
Set the value to /tmp .
Firefox puts its cache in your home partition .
By moving this cache in RAM you can speed up Firefox and reduce disk writes .
Complete the previous tweak to mount / tmp in RAM , and you can put the cache there as well .
An I/O scheduler decides which applications get to write to the disk when .
Because SSDs are so different than a spinning hard drive , not all I/O schedulers work well with SSDs .
The default I/ O scheduler in Linux is cfq , completely fair queuing .
cfq is works well on hard disks , but I ’ve found it to cause problems on my Eee PC ’s SSD .
While writing a large file to disk , any other application which tries to write hang until the other write finishes .
The I/O scheduler can be changed on a per -drive basis without rebooting .
Run this command to get the current scheduler for a disk and the alternative options :
cat /sys / block / sda/queue / scheduler
You ’ll probably have four options , the one in brackets is currently being used by the disk specified in the previous command :
noop anticipatory deadline [ cfq ]
Two of these are better suited to SSD drives : noop and deadline .
Using one of these in the same situation , the application will still hang but only for a few seconds instead of until the disk is free again .
Not great , but much better than cfq .
Here ’s how to change the I/O scheduler of a disk to deadline :
echo deadline >
/sys/ block/sda/queue/scheduler
( Note : the above command needs to be run as root , but sudo does not work with it on my system .
Run sudo - i if you have a problem to get a root prompt . )
You can replace sda with the disk you want to change , and deadline with any of the available schedulers .
This change is temporary and will be reset when you reboot .
If you ’re using the deadline scheduler , there ’s another option you can change for the SSD .
This command is also temporary and also is a per-disk option :
echo 1 > /sys/block/sda/queue/iosched/fifo_batch
You can apply the scheduler you want to all your drives by adding a boot parameter in GRUB .
The menu.lst file is regenerated whenever the kernel is updated , which would wipe out your change .
Instead of this way , I added commands to rc.local to do the same thing .
Open rc.local :
sudo gedit /etc/rc.local
Put any lines you add before the exit 0 .
I added six lines for my Eee PC , three to change sda ( small SSD ) , sdb ( large SSD ) , and sdc ( SD card ) to deadline , and three to get the fifo_batch option on each :
echo deadline > / sys / block / sda/queue/scheduler echo deadline >
/sys / block /sdb/queue/scheduler echo deadline >
/sys/block/sdc/queue/scheduler echo 1 > /sys/block/sda/queue/iosched/fifo_batch echo 1 > /sys/block/sdb/queue/iosched/fifo_batch echo 1 > /sys/block/sdc/queue/iosched/fifo_batch
Reboot to run the new rc.local file .
[ update ]
Commenter dondad has pointed out that it ’s possible to add boot parameters to menu.lst that wo n’t be wiped out by an upgrade .
Open menu.lst ( Remember to make a backup of this file before you edit it ) :
sudo gedit / boot / grub / menu.lst
The kopt line gives the default parameters to boot Linux with .
Mine looks like this :
# kopt=root=UUID=6722605f-677c-4d22-b9ea-e1fb0c7470ee ro
Do n’t uncomment this line .
Just add any extra parameters you would like .
To change the I/O scheduler , use the elevator option :
elevator=deadline
Append that to the end of the kopt line .
Save and close menu.lst .
Then you need to run update - grub to apply your change to the whole menu :
sudo update - grub
[ end update ]
French advertising companies are often criticised for using sexual images to sell everything from designer spectacles to sweetcorn .
Now , for the first time , a controversy has erupted in France over the use of sexually suggestive posters as a deterrent .
A campaign to discourage young people from smoking shows male and female teenagers kneeling in front of a man , as if being forced to have oral sex .
A cigarette takes the place of the man 's sexual organ .
The caption reads : " Smoking is to be a slave to tobacco . "
The campaign , which was devised for a pressure group supporting the rights of non-smokers , has been attacked as " scandalous " and " potentially counter - productive " by feminist and pro-family campaigners .
The advertising agency behind the posters says only a shock campaign can halt the rise in smoking amongst 13 to 15 - year - olds in France .
Marco de la Fuente , the leader of the project for the BDDP et Fils ad agency , said : " The old arguments – tobacco is bad for you – do n't work any more .
The message here is that tobacco is a form of submission .
In the popular imagination , oral sex is the perfect symbol of submission . "
Gérard Audureau , the president of Les Droits des Non-fumeurs ( The Rights of Non-smokers ) , the pressure group which commissioned the ads , said health arguments did not reach teenagers .
" Young people think that they are invincible , immortal , " he said .
" Fear of sexual exploitation worries them more than illness . "
Opposition to the ads – to be shown in bars , clubs and newspapers – has been widespread .
Florence Montreynaud , of the feminist pressure group Chiennes de Garde ( Guard Bitches ) , said that it was " inadmissible " that an image implying underage sex should be exploited , even in a good cause .
Christiane Terry , of the conservative group Familles de France , said she will lodge a complaint with the French advertising standards watchdog .
" Mixing up tobacco dependence and sex is ridiculous and scandalous , " she said .
Surveys suggest smoking is , overall , in decline in France but becoming more common among teenagers .
The number of French 13 to 15 - year - olds who smoke is estimated to have increased by 66 per cent between 2004 and 2008 .
Almost one in five French 16 to 20 - year - olds now smokes , compared to one in 10 a decade ago .
However , in the population as a whole 55 billion cigarettes were smoked in 2009 , down from 97 billion cigarettes in 1991 .
Last year , however , there was a slight increase – 2.6 per cent – in overall smoking as the effect of the 2008 ban on smoking in bars , cafes and restaurants began to wear off .
BEIRUT , Lebanon  Iranian officials on Tuesday hailed the capture of a Sunni rebel leader as a major antiterrorist coup , and sought to portray his arrest as a victory over Britain , the United States and Israel , saying those countries had supported the insurgent group .
The rebel , Abdolmalek Rigi , is the leader of Jundallah , a militant group that claims to be defending Sunni Muslims in Iran ’s southeast and has killed hundreds of soldiers and civilians there since 2003 .
Iran ’s intelligence minister , Heidar Moslehi , said in a news conference on state - run Press TV on Tuesday that Mr. Rigi was at an American base 24 hours before his capture , and that the United States had arranged a forged Afghan passport for him .
Mr. Moslehi said that Mr. Rigi had connections to the Central Intelligence Agency and Mossad , the Israeli spy agency , and that he had met with the NATO military chief in Afghanistan in April 2008 .
Mr. Moslehi added that the arrest “ proves the power of the Islamic republic . ”
The United States , like Britain and Israel , denies providing any support to Jundallah .
Germany Thinks So , Too Estonia Looks Ready to Join the Euro Zone
The next member of the euro zone could be Estonia , the German foreign minister hinted Wednesday during a diplomatic trip to Tallinn .
A final decision will be up to the European Commission in the spring , but indications from EU leaders are positive .
I used bitstring to reverse engineer the Windows registry “ hive ” format .
I know that bitstring is my own program , but coming back to it two years after I wrote it and using it again for this , I really think this is a brilliant tool .
( Bitstring was n’t my idea — it was inspired by the bitstring manipulation feature in Erlang ) .
C is supposed to be a good natural programming language for dealing with bits and bytes , right ?
The ocaml - bitstring program , which analyzes hive files in far more detail than the C program , is half the size and just as fast .
As an example , here ’s how we load the hive file and analyze the first part of the header :
let bits = bitstring_of_file filename (* Split into header + data at the 4KB boundary . *) let header , data = takebits ( 4096 * 8 ) bits , dropbits ( 4096 * 8 ) bits let ( ) = bitmatch header with { " regf " : 4*8 : string ; seq1 : 4*8 : littleendian ; seq2 : 4*8 : littleendian , check ( seq1 = seq2 ) ; last_modified : 64 : littleendian , bind ( nt_to_time_t last_modified ) ; 1_l ( * major *) : 4*8 : littleendian ; minor : 4*8 : littleendian } -> (* ... *)
The bitmatch statement elegantly matches the file .
It rejects the file if the first four bytes are n’t “ regf ” ( the file magic number ) or if the major version number is not 1 .
It then unpacks the following fields , converting from the file ’s littleendian ordering to host ordering , converting the NT timestamp into a time_t and so on .
Although not shown there , bitstring will also work just fine on arbitrary bit boundaries , albeit more slowly because the generated code is able to make fewer optimizations .
Even though the Windows hive file format is moronic , I successfully used bitstring to reverse engineer it in about 3 days , with some help from the contradictory and often incorrect public documentation out there .
'' It goes to the root of what universities are about and if they have administrators such as you who are prepared to falsify documents then the whole point of that purpose is undermined .
Tory leader tells Brown to repeat ' with a straight face ' his denial that he had allowed staff to brief against the chancellor
Gordon Brown today denied that he and the chancellor , Alistair Darling , were " at war with each other " after being repeatedly taunted by David Cameron in heated Commons exchanges .
The Tory leader challenged Brown during prime minister 's questions to repeat " with a straight face " his denial earlier today that he had allowed staff to brief against Darling .
Cameron seized on an accusation levelled by the chancellor on television last night that " the forces of hell " had been unleashed against him after he predicted the recession would be the worst for 60 years .
Questioned about the claims , Brown told GMTV this morning : " I would never instruct anybody to do anything other than support my chancellor . "
He added : " I was never part of anything to do with this . "
Repeating the quotes in the Commons , Cameron said : " Try and stand up and say with a straight face and say it 's true . "
Brown replied , pointing at Cameron : " It 's not only correct , but this is the nearest he 's ever got to talking about the economy in the last few months . "
Cameron then asked Brown to explain why he and the chancellor were " at war with each other " six weeks before an election , and at the end of a long recession .
The Tory leader , who joked that if Brown sat any closer to Darling on the Commons bench " they would start kissing " , repeated allegations that Brown 's former spin doctor , Damian McBride , " spread poison " about Darling .
As the Speaker , John Bercow , threatened to suspend the noisy sitting if MPs did not calm down , Brown said this had not happened .
" I would rather be defending my chancellor than be in your position of having to defend your shadow chancellor , " he told Cameron .
In his GMTV interview earlier today , the prime minister sought to portray his relationship with Darling as close and warm .
" Alistair has been a friend of mine for 20 years , " said Brown .
" We have worked together .
Our families know each other .
We have worked together all this time and we have huge mutual respect for each other .
I think he would confirm that . "
Brown denied being a bully but admitted he could be viewed as " demanding " and a " hard task - master " who sometimes got angry and impatient .
He said the day - to - day pressures of being prime minister were not for a " shrinking violet " .
" I get angry sometimes – does n't everybody ?
I get impatient .
I am driven to do the things .
When I came into the job , I said , ' Look , I will try my utmost , ' and I challenge people , I ask them to do the best they can , " Brown said .
" Actually , we work in an open - plan office ; we are a sort of family in Downing Street and like every family there are issues that come from time to time , but we have a got a great working environment and we get things done . "
He added : " In my job you have got to get things done , you have got to push people , you have got to challenge people .
You do n't solve a world recession by being a shrinking violet . "
Darling spoke out last night when asked about Downing Street 's reaction to a Guardian interview in August 2008 in which he said the world was facing " arguably the worst " economic downturn in 60 years .
" I remember the weekend after we came back and I 'd done this interview and the forces of hell were unleashed , " the chancellor told Sky News .
Asked by the interviewer whether he meant No 10 , Darling replied : " Not just them ; the Tories as well . "
He agreed with the interviewer 's assertion that two key Brown allies – the former spin doctors Damian McBride and Charlie Whelan – had led the briefings against him .
" Of course there were people saying things , but frankly my best answer for them is the fact that I 'm still here , one of them is not , " Darling said in a reference to McBride , who resigned last year .
Today Whelan declined to comment on the affair .
McBride denied briefing against Darling .
An aide to Darling today claimed that the chancellor had not intended to criticise Brown when he gave his interview to Sky .
" Alistair has never , publicly or privately , said that Gordon Brown was briefing against him , " she said .
She also said that Darling had not accused Brown of instructing others to brief against him .
Downing Street has been fighting since the weekend to deny that Brown has bullied staff , after Andrew Rawnsley , the Observer 's chief political commentator , claimed in a new book that the prime minister had been warned about his conduct .
Citing Downing Street 's furious reaction to Darling 's 2008 Guardian interview , Rawnsley claimed that McBride resorted to " spreading poison " about Darling .
In his book , Rawnsley quotes Darling 's wife , Maggie , as saying : " The fucking cunts are trying to stitch up Alistair ! "
Darling said last night that he could not remember his wife using such language .
Darling 's confirmation that some of Brown 's key allies had briefed against him will complicate Downing Street 's attempts to rubbish the Rawnsley book .
Sir Gus O'Donnell , the cabinet secretary , has denied Rawnsley 's claim that he warned Brown about his conduct .
Speaking on BBC2's Newsnight on Monday , Rawnsley said : " What they have not denied on behalf of the cabinet secretary is that he had a conversation with the prime minister about his behaviour ...
One person 's idea of a verbal warning could be another person 's private word . "
Today it emerged that Rawnsley had dinner with Jeremy Heywood , the permanent secretary at No 10 , in September last year .
Heywood declared the dinner under civil service rules saying hospitality has to be registered .
In his interview this morning Brown said that his staff showed him " huge loyalty " and that they worked together as a team .
" I do n't say it is not a difficult environment because you are challenged every day to make a decision . "
Asked whether he was prepared to sue Rawnsley for libel over the allegations in his book , Brown said : " You could , you could , but you could spend all your time with legal actions . "
Asked if it would leave a " stain on his character " , Brown replied : " I do n't think it will , because I have answered the questions and I am saying : ' Look , I do get impatient , sometimes you get angry , sometimes you have to do things that are very , very challenging . ' "
Brown also said that he was not like Winston Churchill , who had " battered " a cabinet when he was at the Ministry of Defence .
Brown said : " We still have got the mark of it there .
I am not like that .
But the thing is that you have got to get things done and you are pushing people all the time .
" We have had a recession and there are many people in jobs , many people who are still in their homes , many businesses that are still going because we had to intervene and take the action . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday denounced as “ odious ” a proposed anti-gay law in Uganda that has drawn international condemnation .
“ We may disagree about gay marriage , but surely we can agree that it is unconscionable to target gays and lesbians for who they are -- whether it ’s here in the United States or ... more extremely in odious laws that are being proposed most recently in Uganda , ” Obama told the National Prayer Breakfast .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , speaking before Obama at the annual bipartisan gathering of religious and political leaders , also criticized the draft law being considered by Uganda ’s parliament .
Clinton said she recently called Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni and expressed the “ strongest concerns ” about the proposed legislation .
The call was made on December 20 , a State Department official said .
The East African country has faced intense pressure from Western governments and human rights groups over the draft legislation , which was presented as a private members ’ bill last year .
It would prohibit sexual relations between people of the same sex as well as the recognition of homosexual relations as an acceptable lifestyle , Navi Pillay , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights , said last month .
Pillay said the draft law would breach international standards and it “ proposes draconian punishments for people alleged to be lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgendered -- namely life imprisonment , or in some cases , the death penalty . ”
It could lead to a prison sentence of up to three years for anyone failing to report within 24 hours the identities of any lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgendered person , she added .
Uganda ’s Ethics and Integrity Minister Nsaba Buturo has said a revised law would probably limit the maximum penalty for those convicted to life in prison rather than execution .
Obama , who won strong backing from homosexual voters in the 2008 presidential election , has promised to fight on their behalf .
In his State of the Union address last week , he said he would seek the repeal of the U.S. military ’s “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy that permits gays to serve in uniform as long as they hide their sexual orientation .
Linkspartei -Sprecherin in Kiel :
Zu links , um deutsch zu sein
Wer darf in Deutschland eingebürgert werden ?
Eine junge gebildete , engagierte Frau wie Jannine Menger - Hamilton ?
Nicht , wenn sie in der falschen Partei ist , so der Verfassungschutz .
Eigentlich war es wegen der Liebe .
Jannine Hamilton , damals 29 Jahre alt , wollte 2007 ihren Freund heiraten .
Und das war , bürokratisch gesehen , ein Problem .
Ihr Vater ist Brite , ihre Mutter Italienerin .
Sie hat die britische und die italienische Staatsangehörigkeit , nicht aber die deutsche .
Das Standesamt verlangt aber von Ausländern Papiere wie ein Ehefähigkeitszeugnis , das in Großbritannien nur mühsam zu beschaffen ist .
So stellte sie den Antrag auf Einbürgerung .
Seit 2007 dürfen EU - Bürger Staatsangehörigkeiten mehrerer EU - Länder haben .
Jannine Hamilton , die heute Menger - Hamilton heißt , ist in einem Dorf bei Celle groß geworden .
Sie hat in Hannover studiert , jetzt arbeitet sie in Kiel .
Sie redet das gestochene , akzentfreie Deutsch , das nur in der Gegend um Hannover gesprochen wird .
Für den niedersächsischen Verfassungsschutz aber ist sie zu links , um deutsch sein zu dürfen .
Wie wird man Deutsche ?
Das Verfahren : Wer in Deutschland eingebürgert werden will , muss ein formalisiertes Verfahren durchlaufen .
Er oder sie muss mindestens acht Jahre hier leben , ohne staatliche Unterstützung auskommen , deutsch können und sich zum Grundgesetz bekennen .
Außerdem wird - laut Paragraph 11 des Staatsangehörigkeitsgesetzes - nicht eingebürgert , wer " Bestrebungen unterstützt oder unterstützt hat , die gegen die freiheitlich demokratische Grundordnung gerichtet sind . "
Der Verfassungsschutz : Seit 2002 werden alle Bewerber vom Verfassungsschutz überprüft , ob sie extremistischen oder terroristischen Organisationen angehören .
Diese von Rot -Grün eingeführte Regelanfrage war eine Reaktion auf die Anschläge vom 11 .
September 2001 .
So wurden in Hamburg in den Jahren 2007 und 2008 27 Anträge abgelehnt , weil der Verfassungsschutz Bedenken hatte .
Ein Einspruch des Verfassungsschutzes führt zwar nicht automatisch zur Ablehnung durch die zuständige Behörde - praktisch ist aber genau dies - von Ausnahmen abgesehen - die Folge .
Niedersachsen : Für Niedersachsen liegen keine Zahlen über abgelehnte Einbürgerungen vor .
Auf eine Anfrage der Linksfraktion 2008 antwortete Innenminister Uwe Schünemann ( CDU ) knapp , dass " statistische Aufzeichnungen über die Zahl der Ablehnungen von Einbürgerungsanträgen nicht geführt werden " .
Menger - Hamilton kann eine Bilderbuchbiografie vorweisen .
Sie ist dreisprachig aufgewachsen und sie ist eine soziale Aufsteigerin wie ihr Bruder , der es zum Professor gebracht hat .
Ihr Vater war Fernmeldetechniker bei der britischen Armee , ihre Mutter Verkäuferin .
Sie ging aufs Gymnasium , studierte Religionswissenschaften und schrieb ihre Magisterarbeit über eine islam - und religionskritische Kampagne von deutschen Exmuslimen .
Das Thema politischer Islam interessiert sie seit den Anschlägen vom 11 .
September 2001 .
2007 war sie Sozialdemokratin .
Fünf Jahre zuvor trat sie in die SPD ein , weil sie die Partei " ganz knorke " , Kanzler Schröder " charismatisch " fand .
Sie engagierte sich im Ortsverein und war da , wenn jemand am Würstchenstand gebraucht wurde .
2007 war sie Juso - Chefin in Niedersachsen .
Klar , sagt sie , auch " wegen der Dreifachquote : jung , Frau , Migrationshintergrund " .
Mit der SPD war sie immer unzufriedener , wegen Hartz IV , wegen Afghanistan , wegen der rot -grünen Steuerpolitik , wegen der großen Koalition .
Im Juni 2007 trat sie aus der SPD aus und - mit vier weiteren SPD - Genossen - in die Linkspartei ein .
" Wir haben damals an der Politik der SPD kein gutes Haar gelassen .
Es gab viel mediales Echo .
Das hat die SPD geärgert " , sagt sie heute .
Garrelt Duin , der rechte SPD - Chef in Niedersachsen , beschimpfte die Abweichler damals als " frustrierte Karrieristen . "
Aber das war hilflose Wut .
Die SPD leidet nicht gerade an einem Überangebot an weiblichem , jungem , talentiertem Nachwuchs .
Der Karrieristenvorwurf war an den Haaren herbeigezogen .
Der Übertritt war für Hamilton eher ein Abstieg : Von der Juso - Chefin zur einfachen Parteitagsdelegierten .
Damals habe sie manchmal Witze gemacht , warum keine Nachricht von der Behörde kam , die für ihre Einbürgerung zuständig war .
Wahrscheinlich wegen des Verfassungsschutzes , hatte sie ihrem Mann gesagt und gelacht .
Es waren diese albernen Verfassungsschutz - Witze , die Linke schon seit Jahrzehnten machen .
Eines Tages fragte sie beim Regionspräsidenten in Hannover nach .
Die Antwort lautete , das von dem CDU - Hardliner Uwe Schünemann geführte Innenministerium habe Vorbehalte gegen ihre Einbürgerung , genauer der niedersächsische Verfassungsschutz .
Man zweifle an ihrer Verfassungstreue .
Später bekam sie es schriftlich .
Der Verfassungsschutz listete in einem umfänglichen Papier viel Allgemeines über die Linkspartei auf .
So sei der " demokratische Sozialismus " , den die Partei anstrebe , " nur scheinbar mit der freiheitlich - demokratischen Grundordnung vereinbar " .
Auch die " Wirtschaftsdemokratie " , die nichts anderes als die " Entprivatisierung bestimmter Wirtschaftsbereiche " sei , deutet der Verfassungsschutz als klares Zeichen , dass SED und Linkspartei im Grunde das Gleiche seien .
Teile der Partei ließen es zudem an der " nach den Maßstäben des Grundgesetzes erforderlichen Distanzierung von der Republik Kuba " mangeln .
Außerdem zitieren die Verfassungsschützer ausführlich dogmatische Phrasen der Kommunistischen Plattform .
Dass diese Plattform in der Linkspartei ein randständiges Dasein fristet und Hamilton mit eisernen Glaubenssätzen nicht viel am Hut hat , irritiert die Verfassungsschützer nicht .
Im Gegenteil :
Wie staatsgefährdend ihre Einbürgerung wäre , beweise ihre Wahl " zur stellvertretenden Kreisschatzmeisterin " im Jahr 2008 , die ihre " hervorgehobene Stellung " in der Linkspartei zweifelsfrei belege .
Diese Schlussfolgerung ist selbst für die oft gedrechselte Verfassungsschutz - Prosa kurios .
Doch das Votum des niedersächsischen Innenministerium ist eindeutig : Ein deutscher Pass für Hamilton würde die verfassungsmäßige Ordnung gefährden .
Zuerst sei sie damals einfach " perplex " gewesen , sagt Menger - Hamilton .
Sie dachte : " Ich bin hier geboren , zur Schule gegangen , ich engagiere mich .
Warum passiert das mir ?
Warum wollen die mich nicht ? "
Sie zögert kurz und sagt : " Es klingt vielleicht pathetisch : aber mich hat das im ersten Moment verletzt . "
Auch ihre Eltern und Geschwister , die mit Politik nicht viel zu tun haben , fanden das Ganze mehr als befremdlich .
Warum diese Zurückweisung , wo sie doch seit Jahrzehnten hier leben ?
Danach , sagt Hamilton , kam Trotz auf .
Sie wollte den Antrag zurückziehen , weil sie es nicht nötig habe , sich mit so viel Ignoranz herumzuärgern .
Aber das verschwand wieder - und es blieb die Überzeugung , dass es um eine Grundsatzfrage gehe .
Jannine Hamilton mit ihren kurzen schwarzen Haaren und den dunklen Augen hat eine direkte Art . " In der SPD war alles gut strukturiert , aber tot .
In der Linken sind die Debatten lebendig , die Strukturen kommen noch " , sagt sie .
Durch das Fenster ihres Büros blickt man auf die noch halb vereiste Kieler Förde und den Hafen .
Auf dem Schreibtisch liegen Tageszeitungen und das " Gesetz - und Verordnungsblatt für Schleswig - Holstein " .
Seit ein paar Wochen arbeitet sie als Pressesprecherin der Linksfraktion im Kieler Landtag .
Davor hat sie gejobbt , bei Karstadt in der Parfümerie .
Die Arbeit im Parlament gefalle ihr .
Zu den anderen Fraktionen in Kiel habe sie ein normales Verhältnis .
Zu den Grünen ein besseres , mit den FDPlern grüße sie sich nur .
Eigentlich dauern Einbürgerungen wenige Wochen .
Hamilton hat ihre hat vor zweieinhalb Jahren beantragt .
Sie hat damals eine Loyalitätserklärung unterschrieben , in der sie sich verpflichtet , das Grundgesetz zu respektieren .
Seitdem wurden im Fall " Einbürgerung von Frau Jannine Elaine Hamilton , geboren am 23 .
11 . 1978 in Celle " viele Briefe geschrieben , vom Regionspräsidenten , vom Innenministerium .
Eine Mitarbeiterin des sozialdemokratischen Regionspräsidenten hatte vor zwei Jahren gewarnt , dass dieser Fall " als Eklat " enden könnte .
Passiert ist nichts , die Entscheidung wurde aufgeschoben .
Im Herbst 2009 forderte der Regionspräsident in Hannover sie auf , zu den Vorwürfen des Verfassungsschutzes Stellung zu nehmen .
Das hat sie nicht getan , weil das wieder nur nach Verzögerungstaktik aussah .
Was sollte sie auch sagen ?
Bereuen , dass sie sich zur stellvertretenden Kreisschatzmeisterin hat wählen lassen und so eine " gegen die freiheitlich - demokratische Grundordnung " gerichtete Organisation unterstützt ?
Sollte sie darauf hinweisen , dass diese republikgefährdende Partei hundertfünfzig Kilometer östlich von Hannover , in Brandenburg , ordnungsgemäß regiert ?
Karl Kraus zitieren , dass es Sätze gibt , die so falsch sind , dass noch nicht mal das Gegenteil richtig ist ?
Für Jan Korte , Bundestagsabgeordneter und Innenexperte der Linkspartei , ist alles " eine Kampagne des CDU - Innenministeriums " in Hannover , die " Bürger abschrecken soll , sich bei der Linken zu engagieren " .
Es sei " schlicht antidemokratisch , Parteien geheimdienstlich und via Einbürgerungsmodalitäten zu bekämpfen . "
Der Regionspräsident hat am Montag verlauten lassen , " in den nächsten Monaten für Klarheit zu sorgen " .
Hamilton plant gegen die Verschleppung des Verfahrens zu klagen .
Und gegen die Beobachtung durch den Verfassungsschutz .
" Ich will hier wählen können .
Was spricht dagegen ? " , fragt sie .
Außerdem könne Ähnliches auch anderen passieren , die nicht studiert haben oder nicht so akzentfrei Deutsch sprechen wie sie .
Es geht um ein Exempel .
Wer darf deutsch sein ?
Embed Video
Top 6 : February 3rd 2010
DDB Chicago 's latest spot for Bud Light directed by Tool of North America 's Erich Joiner .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ClponoNHFYw
An ominous atmosphere of impending ruin pervaded the sound of many Death Metal bands , whose worldview afforded them an acute awareness of declining modernity .
These artists understood that the course of civilization is subject to decay as much as any organic matter , despite the prevailing belief that human constructs are entirely seperate to the natural world that they operate within .
Ancient Indo-European peoples predicted the nature of this downfall with great accuracy , as they believed in a cycle of creation and dissolution in which the same ego - principles slowly manifest time and time again .
The 3000 year old Vedic text known as the Srimad Bhagavatam provides one of the more detailed explanations of how the last age of the cycle - the Kali Yuga - reaches it ’s apex ; extracts from which the Death Metal music in the video accompanies as inheritors to this cosmic vision of the world .
DEATHMETAL.ORG
Harnessing brain signals to control keyboards , robots or prosthetic devices is an active area of medical research .
Now a rare peek at a human brain hooked up to a computer shows that the two can adapt to each other quickly , and possibly to the brain 's benefit .
Researchers at the University of Washington looked at signals on the brain 's surface while using imagined movements to control a cursor .
The results , published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , show that watching a cursor respond to one 's thoughts prompts brain signals to become stronger than those generated in day - to - day life .
" Bodybuilders get muscles that are larger than normal by lifting weights , " said lead author Kai Miller , a UW doctoral student in physics , neuroscience and medicine .
" We get brain activity that 's larger than normal by interacting with brain - computer interfaces .
By using these interfaces , patients create super - active populations of brain cells . "
The finding holds promise for rehabilitating patients after stroke or other neurological damage .
It also suggests that a human brain could quickly become adept at manipulating an external device such as a computer interface or a prosthetic limb .
The team of computer scientists , physicists , physiologists and neurosurgeons studied eight patients awaiting epilepsy surgery at two Seattle hospitals .
Patients had electrodes attached to the surface of their brains during the week leading up to the surgery and agreed to participate in research that would look at connecting brains to a computer .
Asking people to imagine doing a movement -- such as moving their arm -- is commonly done to produce a brain signal that can be used to control a device .
But how that process works is poorly understood .
advertisement
" A lot of the studies in this field are in non-human primates , " Miller said .
" But how do you ask an animal to imagine doing something ?
We do n't even know that they can . "
The researchers first recorded brain patterns when human subjects clenched and unclenched a fist , stuck out a tongue , shrugged their shoulders or said the word " move . "
Next , the scientists recorded brain patterns when subjects imagined performing the same actions .
These patterns were similar to the patterns for actual action but much weaker , as expected from previous studies .
Finally , the researchers looked at signals when subjects imagined performing the action and those brain signals were used to move a cursor toward a target on a computer screen .
After less than 10 minutes of practice , brain signals from imagined movement became significantly stronger than when actually performing the physical motion .
" People have been looking at imagined movements as a way to control computers for a long time .
This study provides a glimpse of the underlying neural machinery , " said co-author Rajesh Rao , a UW associate professor of computer science and engineering who is Miller 's neuroscience dissertation advisor .
" The rapid augmentation of activity during this type of learning bears testimony to the remarkable plasticity of the brain as it learns to control a non-biological device , " Rao said .
advertisement
After less than 10 minutes of training , two of the subjects also reported they no longer had to imagine moving the body part and could just think about moving the cursor .
" The ability of subjects to change the signal with feedback was much stronger than we had hoped for , " said co-author Dr. Jeffrey Ojemann , a UW professor of neurological surgery .
" This is likely to have implications for future prosthetic work . "
The new findings also provide clues about which brain signals to tap .
Researchers compared the patterns in low - frequency signals , usually used to control external devices , and high - frequency signals , typically dismissed as noise .
They discovered that the high - frequency signals are more specific to each type of movement .
Because each one occupies a smaller portion of the brain , several high - frequency signals could be tapped simultaneously to control more sophisticated devices .
Rao's group has used electrodes on the surface of the scalp to record low - frequency brain signals for brain - computer communication .
His group will now try using such non-invasive methods to harness high - frequency signals .
The research was funded by the National Science Foundation , the National Institutes of Health , NASA 's graduate student research program and the National Institute of General Medical Sciences ' medical scientist training program .
Other co-authors are UW physiology and biophysics professor Eberhard Fetz , UW physics professor Marcel den Nijs and Gerwin Schalk at the New York State Department of Health .
Las Vegas , Nevada ( CNN ) --
The first generation of electronic readers had little more than black - and - white text .
The second generation had black - and - white text , simple graphics and Web connectivity .
Glimpses of the third generation are on display this week at the International Consumer Electronics Show , where manufacturers are previewing e-readers with color screens , interactive graphics and magazine - style layouts .
You wo n't be able to get your hands on them for a month or two , at least .
But these forthcoming devices -- some of them still prototypes -- may heighten interest in what is already a hot consumer electronics category while offering hope to newspapers , magazines and other struggling print publishers .
" We 're not really designed to save the newspaper industry .
But I think that could end up happening , " said Kiliaen Van Rensselaer , chief marketing officer for Skiff , which unveiled its elegant Skiff Reader this week .
" We 're trying to show that consumers are willing to pay for content that 's beautifully rendered ... and that offers convenience . "
Since Amazon introduced the Kindle in 2007 , a growing cult of book lovers has embraced it and rival products such as the Sony Reader and Barnes & Noble 's Nook .
Sales of e-readers doubled last year , and the Consumer Electronics Association , which stages CES , predicts they will double again in 2010 .
How will you be reading your portable content a year from now ?
Here 's a closer look at four of the more intriguing e-readers announced at CES this week :
Plastic Logic Que
The Que , introduced Thursday , is a slender , lightweight device geared toward business professionals .
The size and thickness of a pad of paper , the Que features a shatterproof plastic touchscreen that makes it lighter ( it weighs just over a pound ) than glass e-readers .
Users can download books through the Que store or purchase content from dozens of partners such as USA Today , The Wall Street Journal , Forbes and The Atlantic -- although images that originally appeared in color will be displayed in black and white on the Que .
Apps for Windows and BlackBerry will allow customers to send e-mail or attachments to their Que for reading on the go .
" We 're not trying to create the paperless office , but we do envision the paperless briefcase , " product manager Anusha Nirmalananthan said .
Plastic Logic says a 4 GB model will have Wi-Fi capability and store up to 35,000 documents , while an 8 GB version will have Wi-Fi and 3G and hold up to 75,000 documents .
The devices will go on sale in April .
Prices are $ 799 and $ 649 .
Skiff Reader
The Skiff Reader is similar in size and weight to the Que , with an 11.5 - inch - diagonal screen and a thickness of only about a quarter - inch .
It 's believed to be the first e-reader whose e-paper display is based on a thin , flexible sheet of stainless steel foil covered in thin plastic , which means it 's not supposed to break if you drop it .
" It 's the thinnest [ e - reader ] .
It has the largest display of any e-reader that we know of .
It 's the most durable that we know of , " Van Rensselaer said .
The Skiff Reader will run on a 3G network powered in the U.S. by Sprint .
The device also will support Wi -Fi connectivity .
Newspaper and magazine articles will be refitted to appear on the Skiff Reader much as they did in print , with high - resolution photos , graphics and other design elements intact .
Skiff is negotiating with as - yet - unnamed partners to offer content for the device .
Like many e-reader makers , Skiff also is developing a model with a color screen , although the technology for producing quality color e-paper -- as opposed to glassy LCD screens , which can be tough on the eyes after long periods -- is a ways off .
The Skiff Reader will go on sale later this year -- Skiff would n't say when -- in Sprint retail locations across the U.S. and on the wireless carrier 's Web site .
Pricing and additional distribution channels will be announced later .
EnTourage eDGe
No , those are n't typos -- that 's how the Virginia - based EnTourage spells its company name and the name of its first e-reader , which will hit the market in February .
What sets the eDGe apart is its split personality :
The clamshell - like device has an e-reader on its left side and a netbook on its right side .
EnTourage is calling it " the world 's first dualbook . "
" It 's not two devices .
It 's one device with two screens , " said marketing assistant Annie Kotowicz , who demonstrated the gadget to passers - by at EnTourage 's booth Thursday .
The two screens are synchronized , which means that if you want to look up an unfamiliar word on the e-reader , you can highlight it , and it will appear in a Google search field on the netbook 's LCD screen .
The netbook runs on Google 's Android operating system .
Combined , the Wi-Fi-enabled device offers an array of services : digital reading , Web surfing , video watching and e-mail , thanks to a virtual keyboard .
EnTourage is pitching the eDGe to students as an educational tool and will launch the device with an e-book store offering textbooks , trade books and free public domain titles .
The dual - nature gadget also will contain a microphone and a camera to help students record classroom lectures .
The eDGe weighs about three pounds , comes in five colors and will be priced at $ 490 .
Blio
The most revolutionary e-reader experience unveiled at CES this week may not be a piece of hardware .
A new software application called Blio , built in part by futurist - inventor Ray Kurzweil on a Microsoft platform , turns almost any laptop , netbook or smartphone into an image - rich electronic reader .
Blio uses publishers ' original PDF files to preserve the format of books and magazines , including their layout , typesetting , colors and graphics .
At the same time , it supports interactive multimedia , including video and Web links .
A read - aloud feature allows a computer voice to speak words as they are highlighted on the page , a potentially useful tool for young readers or the vision - impaired .
Another Blio feature will allow users to translate to or from English in an embedded window .
Blio will be available as a free download in late February .
Through a partnership with book distributor Baker & Taylor , the software will launch with an online store featuring more than 1.2 million titles -- from best - sellers to travel guides .
" We are striking deals with every publisher out there , " said Baker & Taylor Senior Vice President Linda Gagnon .
" There 's not one publisher we 've talked to who is n't over - the - top excited about this tool . "
One of our close Apple connects who has n’t steered us wrong dropped a little bit of information on us .
Here ’s what we know :
The tablet ’s multi - touch gestures are “ out of control . ”
It ’s powered by an incredibly fast ARM CPU
It runs on the iPhone kernel .
The internal model number is K48AP .
There has n’t been an updated iPhone OS build because there ’s too much tablet - related code / references in the OS and Apple obviously did n’t want that to leak .
Oops .
The tablet is basically an “ iPhone on steroids . ”
That ’s all we ’ve got for now !
Early one morning in 1981 , I arrived at the middle school where I taught in Tehran and was informed by two guards from the notorious Evin prison that one of our students had been arrested and would not be returning to school .
I knew that his father was a drug dealer , and supposed that he had been arrested on similar charges .
It was the height of the post - revolutionary struggle between Iran 's revolutionary democratic front led by then - president Abolhassan Banisadr , and the dictatorial front led by the Islamic Republican party and its allies .
A few months later , Banisadr was ousted in a coup and I was fired from my teaching post .
Later on I learnt that on the same day my former student had been released and recruited as a guard in the same prison .
I also learnt from his grandmother that he had not been involved with drugs , but had raped his sister and made her pregnant .
At the time , stories of women and girls being raped in prison became so rife that Ayatollah Montazeri sent a team to investigate .
They only verified the rumours .
Male prison officers – many of them psychotic like my former student – were tasked to rape women , and extensively ; one was even nicknamed " hamishe daamaad " ( the forever groom ) .
In other words , rape is nothing new to this regime , which even now tries in vain to hide itself behind Islam .
However , after last June 's uprising , we are observing the emergence of a more widespread form of rape , and one that is also extended to men .
This is not to say that it did not exist before , but now we are observing its systematic use .
There is little public information about this to date .
Abuses at Kahrizak prison , which came to be known as Iran 's Abu Ghraib , were exposed only because Mohsen Rooh - al - Amini , the son of a well - established conservative figure , was killed under torture .
The regime was forced to close the prison and , later in August 2009 , Ayatollah Karubi issued a statement saying , among other things , that some prisoners had been raped .
After such exposure , one might have thought the regime would stop this brutal form of torture against its opponents .
But victims and witnesses have continued to report its continuation .
A few weeks ago , for example , revolutionary guards arrested a group of women that has gathered every Friday night in Laleh Park to protest the detention of their children .
While in prison herself , one mother revealed that she saw a teenage boy begging a judge not to sent him back to solitary confinement .
When the judge asked why , the boy replied , " because they keep raping me " .
Two months ago , my friend 's son was arrested in a demonstration , and had to wage the fight of his life to prevent being raped by the guards in the car .
And on 12 February , Fatemeh Karubi , wife of Ayatollah Karubi , wrote an open letter to Khamenei detailing the arrest of her 38 - year - old son when his father 's car was attacked at a demonstration on the 31st anniversary of the 1979 revolution .
She described how her son was viciously abused , both physically and verbally , in a mosque .
The guards threatened to rape him .
Why , despite its public exposure , does this regime continue to use rape and the threat of rape as weapons against its opponents , women and men alike ?
The question has to be understood within its cultural context .
The regime knows that killing an opponent will make a martyr of her or him , and may even encourage others to join the struggle .
Rape , however , can have devastating effects not only on an individual but on political morale as well .
The regime believes that society believes that no one can become a hero for being raped .
Within this context it is easier to risk one 's life for what one believes in , but difficult to join a protest knowing one might be raped .
Also , even this regime finds it difficult to hide the murders of its opponents , but it can often neutralise a dissenter with rape , as most victims are too traumatised and ashamed to make this public .
However , it is not at all clear that this threat of shame will remain powerful .
Throughout this revolutionary struggle , we are observing astonishing shifts in cultural norms and values , especially in gender relations and in opposition to elements of patriarchy .
We saw how the regime 's efforts to humiliate a student by publishing a photograph of him dressed in woman 's clothes fell flat ; in just hours , thousands of other men snapped pictures of themselves in female dress , and published them on the internet to express solidarity .
Of course , centuries of patriarchal values and relationships will not vanish overnight .
But Iranian society is learning fast that whoever suffers as a result of their struggle against the country 's most barbaric regime in the last two centuries has to be seen as a hero .
This regime is now fighting for survival , and has no red line left to cross .
Since Ahmadinejad 's appointment to president and the encroachment of the Revolutionary Guard 's generals into the state and the economy , it can safely be considered a military - financial mafia .
And like any other form of totalitarian state , it has sought and trained the most dehumanised individuals to become decisive , efficient and effective weapons in this struggle .
They are , of course , culpable .
But others must be brought to account .
Khamenei , as the supreme leader with absolute power over – according to his ideologues like Ayatollah Mesbah Yazdi – every Iranian person 's life , property and honour , and as the person who openly declared war on protestors after the election , bears ultimate responsibility for these crimes .
He has already been accused of murdering his opponents into submission by a German court in the Mykonos trial , and has received numerous letters calling him to account for other crimes and abuses .
Fatemeh Karubi's letter is only the latest public example .
Human rights organisations also have ample evidence of all sorts of crimes committed against the Iranian people by this regime , and we expect them to soon begin a process of establishing an international court in which Khamenei can be indicted for committing crimes against humanity .
More on the Greek debt crisis from Naked Capitalism : German Paper Says AIG May Have Sold CDS on Greece .
That German paper would be the excellent business - sheet Handelsblatt , and the full translation of the article into English which that blog ’s proprietor requests in her post follows after the jump .
UPDATE : Correction !
Looking at that original German piece , it clearly comes originally from the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung or FAZ – often called Germany ’s own New York Times .
I have noticed before how the two papers clearly have an arrangement allowing Handelsblatt to reprint certain FAZ material .
Credit where it is due . . .
The fever - curve of the Greek debt crisis
By Markus Frühauf
20 February 2010
Trade in the risk of Greek insolvency in the past five months has enabled fantastic earnings .
That is made clear by the price - development for credit - default insurance on that financially - weak Euroland .
On 16 October 2009 a Credit Default Swap ( CDS ) , which investors use to insure themselves against insolvency from Athens , still cost 123 basis points ( 1.23 percentage points ) .
This meant a yearly premium of 12,300 euros in order to insure a claim on 1 million euros .
On 4 February the insured had to pay 42,820 euros for that , a fee three times as high .
Greece ’s risk - premium – in market jargon the CDS spread – is the fever - curve of the debt crisis .
For the growth in the expense of the insurance against non-payment reflects the reduced creditworthiness of the country .
Speculation in the CDS market began after 4 October 2009 , as the Greek Socialists celebrated their election victory .
Two weeks later the newly - elected government informed its Euro - partners that the deficit for 2009 was going to lie at 12.7 percent of economic performance ( GDP ) .
Timidly , but steadily
That was a shock , since the previous conservative government had prognosticated precisely half of that .
The new estimate for the budget deficit called onto the stage the first hedge funds , reports a London CDS - dealer working for a large American bank .
In view of Greece ’s previous history of cheating its way into the monetary union with false budget statistics , at that point a wager on Greece having payment problems was promising .
This bet in the meantime has become obvious .
The rise of the Greek risk - premium at first still continued timidly , but steadily .
It could be that that hedge funds had been the first to recognize Athens ’ exhausted budget situation but had bet in the CDS market on a fall in the value of Greek debt with little commitment of capital .
But the new Greek government ’s commitment to transparency unleashed this speculation .
The further rises in the CDS spread were accompanied by fundamental factors as well .
On 8 December 2009 the Fitch rating agency downgraded Greece ’s credit- rating from “ A - ” to “ BBB + ” .
The Euroland found itself in the same category as Estonia or South Africa in its credit - worthiness .
One week later Standard & Poor ’s followed .
Here , too , the Greeks flew out of the “ A - ” class denoting particularly good solvency .
In this period the CDS price exceeded the mark of 200 basis - points for the first time .
With these rating - downgrades the fear of a possible Greek insolvency grew by leaps and bounds on the financial markets and among Europartner countries .
Unusually high interest - coupon
A first high - point was reached when the Greek finance minister issued a new five - year loan at the end of January .
The offer of 8 billion euros encountered a demand among investors three times as great .
This was a calming signal only at first glance .
For Greece had to fit out the loan with an unusually high interest - coupon of 6.1 percent .
With this the country was playing with a risk - premium in a league with Vietnam .
This fed doubt on the debt market as to whether Greece under these conditions could sustain its debt - service over the long - run – in the first instance when in April and May 20 billion euros will have to be refinanced .
Besides all that , this led to a technical effect .
The old loans already on the market still bore a lower interest - coupon .
They were issued back when the credit - rating for Greece still lay in the “ A - ” range .
Some investors were forced to shift into the new debt instruments with the higher interest .
In the wave of selling the yield on ten - year Greek debt increased to over 7 percent .
Whoever in October had bet on Greece having payment difficulties was now rewarded : the CDS spread now clearly lay over 400 basis - points .
The initial investment had more than tripled when the payment - protection was sold on .
The CDS market is influenced by the same factors as the debt market .
This was evident from the falling - back of the CDS premium when signs of financial support for Athens from Europartner countries multiplied .
But the problem with the CDS is that this market is much more opaque .
These contracts are handled over - the - counter among banks , thus in an unregulated environment .
You can also speculate much more favorably aided by credit - default derivatives than on the loan market , for there is a significantly lesser commitment of capital required .
In any case , the CDS - wager has gone up because more and more true - believers in the Greek State have come to feel the need to insure their holdings .
This rapidly - rising demand for insurance has been set off by the escalation of the debt crisis .
But it is past Greek governments that have to answer in the first place for the exhausted budget situation .
The higher demand for insolvency protection that has driven up the CDS price follows from the evidently poorer estimation of Greek credit - worthiness .
Greek banks as insurers
On the other hand , whoever expected Greece ’s rescue by Europartner countries would have had to position himself on the CDS market as an insurer , that is , as a seller of payment protection .
The take in premiums from insurance protection sold provides increased revenue .
But it ’s on the seller - side that the weak points of the CDS market become evident .
It ’s still unclear who has sold insurance protection for Greece .
In one study analysts from the major French bank BNP Paribas referred to market - rumors that Greek banks had insured a large sum by CDS .
If this is correct , then the payment protection they have provided is worth nothing .
Greek banks hold State debt of over 40 billion euros .
This corresponds roughly to the entire amount of equity in the Greek credit market .
A bankruptcy of the State would lead to a collapse of the banking system .
London investment bankers name AIG as a further CDS - seller .
That company had to be nationalized during the financial crisis due to its having written insolvency insurance on American mortgages .
This debt - load would have led to the collapse of the world ’s biggest insurer .
Prior to the financial crisis AIG is said to have widely held State credit - risk .
If yet - larger insurance positions on Greece exist , then the American government would have a strong interest in preventing that country ’s insolvency .
Even if these are mere rumors about the Greek banks and AIG , this example makes clear the weakness of CDS markets .
This protection is sold by banks or insurers who themselves have access only to limited capital resources .
They have as a rule clearly lesser credit - worthiness than the states for which they are selling insolvency protection .
Insurance by CDS could turn out to be just a bubble .
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Monday , February 8 , 2010 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Watch
Out for flower - show.org Posted by Mikko @ 14:54 GMT
We saw a pretty PDF file today ( md5 : 116d92f036f68d325068f3c7bbf1d535 ) .
It looks like this :
Nice flowers .
Unfortunately , when viewing the file , it uses an exploit against Adobe Reader and drops and runs a file called 1.exe .
This executable is a Poison Ivy backdoor .
It calls home to a host called cecon. flower - show.org .
Whoever controls the computer at that address gains remote access to the target computer .
The PDF was used in a targeted espionage attack against an unknown target .
We 've seen the domain flower - show.org before , already in 2009 .
Then another PDF called home to posere .
flower - show.org .
Today , both of those host names resolve to 202.150.213.12 , which is not in China .
It 's in Singapore .
Welcome to the Law Offices of Evan Samuelson .
Going through the family court system for whatever reason is never easy , whether you 're facing divorce , child custody , spousal support , grandparent visitation , or some other family law issue .
In addition to being an emotional experience , it can also be a very expensive one if you 're not careful .
To help you through this phase in life , our Roseville divorce attorney offers you not only expertise , experience , and empathy , but also sound judgment and common sense to help you avoid the pitfalls which one can easily fall into during the legal process .
Our family lawyer in Roseville will fight hard for your rights .
Our CA divorce attorney will also counsel and guide you when you feel it is difficult to find your way .
Our office is located in Roseville , very near to the Galleria and the Fountains .
To learn more about the services we provide , and to find out how we can help you , contact our office now for an initial case evaluation .
We recognize that you may feel stressed or even overwhelmed by the situation you face , which is why our Roseville divorce attorney is available to give you the support and attention you deserve .
VANCOUVER ( Reuters ) - Johnny
Weir was forced to abandon his vow to never again live in the confines of a “ communal athletes village ” after the “ crazy fur people ” issued death threats against the American fashionista .
U.S. skater Johnny
Weir reacts following his third place finish during the championship men's free skate at the U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Spokane , Washington January 17 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Robert Galbraith
The figure skater felt the full wrath of animal rights activists PETA after he wore a fur - trimmed outfit at last month ’s U.S. Nationals .
The self - styled diva makes no secret of liking his own space and creature comforts but for the second Winter Games in succession , he has been forced to “ rough it ” -- albeit in a room lit with scented candles and decorated with pink bath mats .
“ All these crazy fur people definitely changed my mind .
Security wise , staying in a hotel would be very difficult , ” Weir told reporters after turning up for an 0800 news conference sporting a striking red and white silk scarf looped around his neck and with his nails manicured .
“ There have been threats against me .
Threats of harming me personally and I did n’t want to get hurt .
So I decided to stay in the village and my team has made it as comfortable as possible .
“ I do n’t want any outside influences to hurt my chances here .
Even though I ’m not always comfortable rooming with somebody or being in a communal village sort of situation , it ’s what I ’ve got to deal with . ”
Weir , who plans to join the fashion world once he has hung up his “ leather skates made of cow ” for good , felt he was unfairly targeted .
“ There was a lot of attention put on a tiny piece of fur , ” said the 25 - year - old , the 2008 world bronze medalist .
“ While I do understand anti-fur activists views about fur and the fur industry , they are n’t part of my life .
“ One thing that is horrible is when somebody pushes a belief on you like a religion .
I was definitely threatened and felt very threatened .
People are nuts .
“ I ’m an easy person to pick on because I ’m very open I like fur and I like things that come from dead animals .
It ’s easy put your cause against an athlete going to the Olympic Games , it ’s good free publicity for these activists .
“ I ’m not a huge politician that gets these threats all the time .
I mean I ’m a figure skater .
It ’s not normal to receive a threat that really threatens your life .
It ’s a very scary thing . ”
However , while the uproar forced him to ditch the costume and pick a more tame outfit for the Vancouver Olympics , Weir has no plans to change his taste in wearing fur again .
“ If I still want to compete , if I felt the costume needed fur , I would wear fur .
If all this happens again I get a bodyguard , ” he added with a smile .
Give the recipient the drink .
Tell them to watch closely , then add a chunk of dry ice .
It will sink to the bottom of the drink , and bubble away happily , slowly cooling the drink .
It will also neutralise the baking soda and change the colour of the martini .
See it in action in the video above .
( that 's not me saying " wow , that 's wicked " by the way .
This drink was mostly made as a way of keeping three small children entertained while their mother was out Christmas shopping .
They liked the look of the cocktail , but thought the mocktail version was " really disgusting " .
I did warn them that it was just salty , cabbage - flavoured water ... )
It should go without saying , but wait for the dry ice to disappear before trying to drink the cocktail .
You do NOT want to swallow any dry ice !
Istanbul , Turkey ( CNN ) --
The man who shot Pope John Paul II in 1981 was released from prison in Turkey Monday , Turkey 's Anadolu news agency reported .
Mehmet Ali Agca , now 52 , severely wounded the pontiff in Rome 's St. Peter 's Square on May 13 , 1981 .
John Paul spent six hours on an operating table and survived .
Four days later he announced from his hospital bed he had forgiven the attempted assassin and urged the faithful to pray for Agca .
The pope spent more than three weeks in Gemelli hospital recovering .
Agca was arrested a few minutes after the attack , tried , and sentenced to 19 years in prison .
He has never explained why he tried to kill the pope .
There has long been suspicion that he was working for an eastern European Communist government angry at the Polish - born pope 's vocal anti-Communism .
But on a 2002 visit to Bulgaria -- a focus of much speculation -- the pope said he did not believe the Balkan state was behind the attempt on his life .
The pope visited Agca in prison on December 27 , 1983 , and reportedly forgave him in person .
Agca was granted clemency by the president of Italy in 2000 , to John Paul 's " satisfaction , " according to the Vatican .
He was then transferred to his native Turkey , where he was re-arrested for the murder of a Turkish journalist in 1979 .
Agca killed Abdi Ipekci in 1979 , Anadolu said .
Ipekci was editor - in - chief of the daily Milliyet .
Agca was due to be taken to a military facility to assess his fitness for military service after his release .
In 2006 , a military hospital ruled that he was not fit for the obligatory military service due to a severe anti-social personality disorder , but the Ministry of National Defense did not approve the exemption , the Turkish news agency said .
When the Olympics were first televised worldwide in the 1960s , the set was much simpler , with no formal place for skaters to wait for their scores .
A reporter and a camera operator would often catch them as they stepped off the ice .
At the 1980 Winter Games in Lake Placid , N.Y. , the off - ice area was spruced up with foliage , producers said .
By the 1984 Sarajevo Games , a formal area with a bench appeared .
The 1988 Calgary Games unveiled a major set , with a designed backdrop and lights .
Though different producers have different recollections of the way the kiss - and - cry area got its name , the gist of it is that someone at a network said : ‘ This is the place where the skaters kiss , this is the place where skaters cry .
It ’s the kiss - and - cry ! ”
By the early ’90s , the name had stuck , said Doug Wilson , the longtime producer and director at ABC who orchestrated that network ’s figure skating coverage for more than 40 years .
Image Shen Xue ( left ) and Zhao Hongbo of China after learning they won the gold in pairs in the Vancouver Games .
Credit ... Matthew Stockman / Getty Images
The opportunity to turn figure skating into theater was there for the taking , Wilson said .
“ The value of the kiss - and - cry is basic : find out what the marks are , ” he said .
“ But the real value is that you see these people with their guards down .
It ’s a very special time .
Most people do n’t think about it , but if you add up the total amount of airtime that the kiss - and - cry gets relative to the skating , it ’s a large percentage . ”
Clutching stuffed toys thrown to them from fans , some skaters look stunned .
Some are deliriously happy , or at least pretend to be , as they wave awkwardly into the camera or say hello to people at home .
Some use secret gestures to convey messages to friends and relatives .
Others have learned to quietly grumble through clenched teeth , so they seem to be smiling .
Some talk to themselves .
At the 1993 world championships in Prague , Nancy Kerrigan of the United States let her emotions loose after a poor free skate , saying she could not believe what happened  in a dozen different ways .
She ended her soliloquy , “ I want to die . ”
A month ago we observed that in 2010 , the supply / demand picture for US fixed income would be very problematic , as there was no immediate apparent substitute to fill the void resulting from the departure of the constant bid provided by the Federal Reserve 's Quantitative Easing in both the UST and the MBS markets .
The conclusion was that there would need to be a dramatic increase in demand for debt securities across the board , with an emphasis of Treasuries and MBS .
Today , we focus on the most critical segment of debt issuance for 2010 - those ever critical US Treasuries , without whose weekly uptake by various investors , the multitrillion budget deficit will become unfundable .
Using estimates from Morgan Stanley for 2010 Treasury supply and demand , the conclusion is that there will be a demand shortfall of at least half a trillion , and realistically $ 700 billion , to satisfy the roughly $ 1.7 trillion in net ( $ 2.4 trillion gross ) coupon issuance in the upcoming year .
The implication is that back end prices will decline sharply due to an ever increasing supply overhang , even as nearly $ 800 billion in Bills are paid down , thereby further accentuating the steepness of the bond curve .
And with ever more emphasis put on the coupon supply , the marginal yield on long - dated Treasuries will likely find it needs to be increasingly more attractive to find bidders , which in turn will jar mortgage rates out of hibernation .
We are now certain that Q.E. will continue : the weakness in the mortgage backed - market is already becoming a topic of contention , and when it becomes apparent that there is an additional $ 700 billion demand void in Treasuries , then it is merely a matter of time before Ben ( or his successor ) realizes the dollar destruction comeback tour has to resume asap .
Those cynically inclined may wonder why Bernanke 's reconfirmation should take place prior to any potential Q.E. 2 announcement .
Perhaps this country 's Senators would further evaluate their support of the Chairman once they experience the popular anger which will accompany the next leg down in the US currency the minute Mr. Bernanke announces that the Fed will need to continue being the market in treasuries and mortgage backed securities , further eroding the collateral behind the greenback .
First , based on Morgan Stanley 's expectations , and further corroborated by yesterday 's disclosure that the next increase in the debt ceiling by $ 1.9 trillion net , to $ 14.3 trillion , would last the country only through early 2011 , we present the estimated supply of gross coupon issuance in the upcoming fiscal year ( keep in mind one quarter of issuance has already been absorbed and the run-rate validates the projections ) .
After issuing a $ 1.9 trillion gross amount of coupons in F2009 , in 2010 this amount is expected to increase by 30 % to $ 2.4 trillion , with an emphasis on long - dated maturities : per the chart above , the average age of new gross coupon issuance ( excluding Bill impact ) will increase from 5.9 years to 6.4 years in 2010 .
In 2010 , net issuance will be substantially lower than gross according to MS , due to an increase in maturities , and " only " $ 1.7 trillion in net new coupon bonds , $ 425 billion more than 2009 , are expected to be issued by the US Treasury : this number may well be an underestimation as the Senate , which likely has far more granular issuance projections , is calling for $ 1.9 trillion in net issues ( in addition to the $ 300 billion temporary increase which passed late last year ) which would fund the US budget for about a year .
One offsetting feature of net issuance in 2010 will be a surge in paydowns in Bills , which are expected to be a net negative contributor to issuance to the tune of $ 775 billion ( of which $ 275 billion has already taken place in Q1 of fiscal 2010 , primarily as a function of the $ 195 billion in SFP bills rolling off ) .
So far so good - the supply picture is clear , and in reality the final amount will probably end up being substantially higher than $ 1.7 trillion net , as the runaway deficit - creating machine in D.C. will stop at nothing to prove that any one failed auction will destroy this country .
Where things get tricky is on the demand side .
As we pointed out previously , the number one defining feature of 2009 was the Fed 's blatant support of the bond and MBS markets .
Bernanke monetized $ 300 billion in Treasuries , and indirectly will have purchased another $ 1.4 trillion in bond / MBS hybrids ( we say indirectly , because Fed MBS purchases effectively allowed MBS holders to switch their holdings to Treasuries at preferential terms , better known as the " reallocation trade " in essence achieving the same effect as if the Fed has purchased these - see Bill Gross ) .
With the Fed out of the demand picture ( at least temporarily ) , the questionmarks emerge .
Combining the supply and demand for Treasuries yields the following chart .
Fact : in 2010 , a best case of demand projections , indicates there will be a $ 400 billion shortfall for total Treasury supply ... and a worst case of a stunning $ 700 billion funding shortfall .
This is " just " a little worse than Greece , yet the latter 's CDS trades trades nearly ten times wider than the U.S. Logical ?
You decide .
The key variable in this exercise is quantized and overall demand , which is why a detailed analysis of each end segment must be performed to understand the demand mechanics .
Foreign Accounts
On December 31 , 2009 , a majority of U.S. debt ( marketable Bill , Coupons , TIPS ) was held by foreigners , making America a net foreign creditor nation .
Compare this with Japan , where 93 % of sovereign bonds are held by domestic accounts .
Yet over the past several years , the US has become increasingly reliant on foreign generosity : foreign demand has grown from $ 143 billion in 2007 to $ 794 billion in 2009 .
And even as foreigners have purchased an increasingly greater amount in absolute terms , the relative composition has in fact declined in the past year : foreign demand dropped from 76 % in 2008 to 46 % in 2009 .
An even more granular analysis of foreign purchases , indicates that as foreigners rushed into the safety of Bills , demand for coupons actually declined .
Also notable is that foreign demand for coupons has never moved too far , and has stayed in the range of $ 192 - $ 370 billion each year .
The biggest problem this data indicates is that foreign demand will not go willingly with the Treasury 's demand to extend the average Treasury maturity from 4 to 7 years : foreigners purchased 145 % of the Fiscal 2008 net issuance of $ 255 and a meager 26 % of the Fiscal 2009 of $ 1,271 billion .
And herein lies the rub , as MS points out , the foreign bid is usually a direct function of the amount of global trade and the associated trade gap experienced by the U.S.
Historically , the excess trade gap was not an issue , as China , Japan and net exporter partners had to recycle their otherwise useless dollars back in the U.S. , and they did so by purchasing U.S. bonds , thereby allowing U.S. consumers to borrow ever cheaper and to purchase yet more Chinese and Japanese trinkets , rinse , repeat .
As Zero Hedge pointed out some time ago , the deputy governor of the PBoC , Zhu Min , said the most logical , yet scariest , thing for the US Treasury .
" The United States cannot force foreign governments to increase their holdings of Treasuries , " Zhu said , according to an audio recording of his remarks .
" Double the holdings ?
It is definitely impossible . "
" The US current account deficit is falling as residents ' savings increase , so its trade turnover is falling , which means the US is supplying fewer dollars to the rest of the world , " he added .
" The world does not have so much money to buy more US Treasuries . "
Zero Hedge has previously demonstrated the problem associated with China 's trade surplus , which while still positive , saw a significant drop from the prior year .
And compounding this is the concern that while China is still accumulating FX reserves , it may now be diversifying its US - denominated holdings .
Yet setting diversification concerns aside , the bigger picture indicates that China UST purchases usually are a function of FX reserves : should the US continue on the recent protectionist path , this will implicitly make Chinese demand for Treasuries even scarcer .
Based purely on global trade surplus / deficits , it is likely that the foreign bid would purchase $ 300 - $ 400 in coupon Treasuries in 2010 .
However , in evaluating foreign demand in 2010 one has to consider the Bill / MBS reallocation trade .
A big question mark for 2010 will be whether foreigners will reinvest Bill holdings purchased at an above average rate in 2008 and 2009 ( see Foreign Bill Vs Coupon Purchases ) .
The demand for Bills occurred due to reallocation away from Agencies / MBS and corporates , which can be seen from the below chart .
Here it becomes visible why the Fed 's MBS program was the practical equivalent of a Treasury QE extension .
The Fed was acquiring foreigners ' MBS and Agencies at prices that would allow them to buy Bills ( and sometimes Coupons ) in kind .
With non-Fed demand for MBS still non-existent ( and , in fact , everyone selling into the Fed 's bid ) , and a reduced issuance of Bills in 2010 , it remains to be seen what assets foreigners will reallocate to .
This " reallocation " trade will likely add another $ 200 billion to the $ 300 - 400 billion estimated above , thus bringing total demand for Coupons to $ 500 - 600 billion , offset by a Bill outflow of $ 300 - 400 billion .
Household Sector
Recently the " Household " sector as defined in the Federal Reserve 's Flow of Funds , attained some notoriety after , as Zero Hedge disclosed first , Eric Sprott brought up allegations of covert monetization and general ponziness by the Fed via the " Household " sector .
We will stay away from semantics , and present what is known : at the end of 2009 , " households " held 12 % of Treasury debt , or $ 800 billion : less than a quarter of Foreign holdings of $ 3.6 trillion .
The inappropriately - named household sector consists of individual households , nonprofits , hedge funds , private equty , private foundations , labor unions and others , and Treasury holdings allocated to it , are calculated as a differential between total USTs outstanding and known amounts held by other investors .
Basically , it serves as a plug to " everything else . "
Regardless of semantics , a critical point must be added to the Sprott analysis , and also to Goldman 's optimistic outlook on bonds , which is predicated on increased household purchases .
As a reminder , Goldman speculates :
Increased saving by households and businesses creates a potential demand for Treasury securities as well as less competition for lenders ' funds ; flow of funds data and bank balance sheet reports confirm that the domestic private sector is increasing its allocation to Treasury securities .
Is Goldman overly optimistic on their expectation that U.S. households will finally do what their Japanese equivalents have been doing for decades ?
The answer is yes .
But before we get into this , we need to point out that the recent surge in " Household " buying has not been effected in one bit by actual households and individual investors .
Why is this ?
After all , the household savings rate has increased from 0.8 % in April 2008 to 4.8 % in December 2009 .
Yet as a reminder , the two key components of Household Treasury holdings include Savings Bonds , which are what households actually buy when they wish to purchase government debt , and Other Treasuries , which are marketable Treasuries , and which average households have no access to .
It is a notable observation , that while the savings rate has indeed increased , holdings of savings bonds have not only stayed flat , but have declined over the past year : this is perfectly explainable by the combination of an increasing savings mentality coupled with a desire to deleverage : i.e. , Rosenberg 's new frugal normal .
Goldman , which has bet the house on household Treasury purchasing to keep rates low , will be disappointed .
The chart below demonstrates the historical holdings progression between Savings Bonds and Other Treasuries .
As can be seen , actual households have not been active purchasers at all in the recent bond buying spree .
Yet while it will take much more to convince Goldman in its faulty assumptions , what is without doubt , is that the same " reallocation " trade that has taken place in Foreign purchasing , has been paralleled in the Household sector .
As the chart below shows , while Treasury holdings have surged over the past year , this has been purely a function of a collapse in Agency / MBS holdings .
In fact , in the past year , MBS holdings in the Household category have fallen by a stunning $ 772 billion , from $ 840 billion a year ago to just $ 68 billion most recently .
This has been accompanied by a less than half increase in Treasuries in the last 12 months : from $ 493 billion to $ 860 billion , a $ 367 billion increase , and less than half the decline in MBS .
Just like the reallocation trade has been critical to spur demand in foreign purchasers for USTs as they have rotated out MBS with the Fed lifting any and all foreign offers , so has the Fed been busy domestically .
Comparing the action over the past 3 years , from the peak of the housing bubble ( 2006 - 2009 period ) , indicates that the reallocation trade accounts for nearly a dollar - for - dollar move out of MBS , which declined by $ 352 billion from $ 420 billion to $ 68 billion , into Treasuries , which in turn increased by $ 344 billion , from $ 516 billion to $ 860 billion .
With just $ 68 billion left in Households ' MBS holdings , the reallocation is over , which means that the household sector will no longer be a major purchaser of Treasuries , and all of this on the backdrop of actual consumers , whose Saving Bonds holdings have dropped from $ 197 billion to $ 192 billion over the past two years .
On the other hand , should " Households " end up purchasing substantially more than expected , then the Sprott thesis will have to be seriously revisited .
Commercial Banks
A major wildcard for 2010 Treasury demand will come from commercial banks , whose $ 1 + trillion in excess reserves , courtesy of flawed monetary policy , may be used if not to spur consumer lending , then at least to acquire treasuries .
As was shown previously , banks held only $ 200 billion in Treasuries at the end of 2009 , making them the second to last holder , yet the massive dry powder on their books , as well as possible political prerogatives , will likely make this sector a major purchaser of Treasuries .
Empirically , banks add to their Treasury holdings at the end of recessions , when banks have capital to allocate , yet consumer and small - business loan opportunities remain weak .
This can be seen on the chart below :
This is also evident when one considers that change in bank UST holdings , compared against the steepness of the yield curve : it makes all the sense in the world that banks would increase Treasury holdings in a steep yield curve environment .
Yet even if banks unleash the full power of their excess reserve holdings it will likely not do much for back end supply .
The reason is that banks traditionally purchase USTs in the 2 - 4 year sector , as they get most of their duration via their mortgage holdings , and with rising rates , existing duration has grown .
As banks receive much better returns by lending direct , moves along the curve are i ) rare and ii ) merely placeholder measures until the economy improves , which explains their unwillingness to stray far on the back end of the curve .
The reason why this may be problematic is that there is an incremental $ 350 billion in new gross issuance in the 5Y - 30Y part of the curve alone , which is precisely the part that is least attractive to the banking sector .
Another major concern to banks is the prevalent uncertainty about possible future inflation : the Fed 's liquidity spigot is as worrying to banks as it is to all but the staunchest deflationists .
Today , inflation uncertainty is near decade highs .
Furthermore , even as 10 Year yields remain near all - time lows , 10 Y inflation expectations are rising fast .
In order to determine the pace of Treasury purchases , a comparison with prior recessions ( including those of the 1970s , 1980s , and 1990s ) indicates that following major recessions , banks increase their UST holdings by 1.6 % to 2.7 % of total assets ( with an average increase of 2.2 % ) , and this increase takes two years on average .
Of the $ 16.9 trillion in total banking assets as of June 2009 , USTs accounted for $ 141 billion or 0.8 % .
Growing this number in value to 2.2 % of projected total bank assets of $ 18.6 trillion in June 2011 in the low case , and 2.7 % in the bear case , implies that between $ 421 and $ 513 billion in Treasuries would have to be purchased over the next two years .
As $ 82 billion was purchased in H2 2009 , this implies banks need to ramp up purchases to $ 225 billion per year in the low case , or about $ 4 billion per week .
This represents about one - third the pace with which the Fed was monetizing / buying back bonds in 2009 .
The high case corresponds to an annual pace of $ 287 billion per year , or $ 6 billion per week : about half of the Fed 's rate of purchases .
Both cases , as noted above , would focus on Treasuries in the front - end of the curve .
As a result , it is expected that banks will purchase between $ 190 and $ 240 billion in Treasuries in 2010 , which number also includes the $ 24 billion already purchased by domestic banks in Q1 .
Broker - Dealers
Broker dealers , unlike the other mentioned purchasers , do not have an outright preference for Treasuries as a yielding instrument , but merely as a hedge for spread - product books ( including corporates , CDS , MBS and agencies ) .
As banks deleveraged in 2008 and 2009 , they covered massive amounts of UST shorts as they sold off the underlying hedged securities .
Indeed , in Fiscal 2009 , B / Ds purchased a record $ 119 billion of Treasuries , following $ 86 billion in 2008 .
Not surprisingly , these coupon purchases occurred in the front end of the curve ( 1Y - 5Y ) , again indicating B / D 's aversion toward dated paper .
As of June 2009 , the B/ D deleveraging process appears to have ended , and in fact has reversed as leveraging has once again commenced : B / Ds sold $ 21 billion of Treasuries in Q4 2009 .
Therefore , Broker Dealers are expected to sell $ 25 - 50 billion in coupons in 2010 .
Insurance / Pension Funds
Insurance funds are essentially banks - lite : they prefer to purchase treasuries in a steep yield curve environment .
In 2009 , insurance / pension funds were the fifth largest buyer of Treasuries ( $ 56 billion from insurance firms and $ 37 billion from pension funds ) .
With expectations of a steep yield curve ( for now ) likely staying in the 270 - 280 bps range , Insurance funds are expected to purchase about $ 100 - $ 150 billion .
An upper ceiling to purchases is likely to come from the discount rate on defined benefit pension plans ( around 6.5 % ) , implying the yield on purchased Treasuries has to be at least 5.25 % .
Currently the highest yielding P - STRIPS in the 30 year sector offer just 5 % .
Insurance companies could very well become a purchasing force ... however at materially lower levels .
Mutual Funds
In 2009 the fixed income mutual fund / ETF space saw unprecedented activity : doubling the $ 104 billion in 2008 inflows ( 2009 closed at $ 204 billion ) .
Yet the vast majority of this amount went to chase higher - yielding , riskier assets : only $ 33 billion ( 16 % ) was allocated for UST purchases .
As allocation to these buyers seeks to outperform benchmarks , the allocation to USTs has traditionally stayed limited , and as a result 2010 demand from mutual funds / ETFs is expected to stay in line at around $ 50 - 75 billion .
Furthermore , as has been repeatedly pointed out , equity inflows have been negative in 2009 .
If there is a reallocation trade whereby investors seek even riskier assets , 2009 could see a rotation out of broad fixed income into equities and even riskier assets ( CDOs are already stirring ) .
Money Market Mutual Funds
As money - markets only invest in ultra-short dated Treasury products , this demand category would not have an impact on the back - end .
Furthermore , money - markets will probably continue to unwind the $ 332 billion in front - end paper purchased in Fiscal 2008 : already last year $ 34 billion in Bills and short - end coupons was sold .
If ZIRP persists , and if the Volcker doctrine manages to make money markets sufficiently unattractive , this category will at best have a neutral impact on USTs and more realistically will continue to be a net seller .
As such , in 2010 this segment is expected to sell $ 100 - 200 billion in Bills and front - end paper .
Municipalities
Municipalities are expected to provide a token amount of demand , to the tune of $ 25 - 50 billion : this source of demand is low in a rising rate environment .
In 2009 only $ 3 billion in demand came from money market funds .
Federal Reserve
Up to this point , we have demonstrated that under realistic assumptions , the traditional buyers of Treasuries will be insufficient to plug the demand hole .
As the Fed will not sell any of the roughly $ 770 billion in Treasuries on its balance sheet with a ZIRP policy still in place , the only question is whether Ben Bernanke will step in and roll out QE 2 .
Of course , the implications to the stock and currency markets will be drastic should the Fed relapse to its old financial heroin - dispersing ways .
Conclusion
While near end supply will likely not be as difficult to satisfy , the back - end will face increasing yield pressure in order to stimulate demand .
This means that long yields will begin a slow trickle higher to attract the missing demand that currently is unaccounted for .
Should this happen , and should the likes of Morgan Stanley be correct in expecting even further steepening , the implications on mortgages will likely be severe .
Which is why we are confident that the Fed , which is all too aware that the economic situation is far worse than what is presented in the mainstream media , will expand quantitative easing not only to more MBS purchases ( mostly to facilitate yet more reallocation trades ) , but to direct Treasury purchases once again .
In doing so , the Fed will surely short - circuit the market beyond all repair .
A practical idea on how to approach this binary outcome , would be the implementation of the kind of barbell trade that has made John Paulson a billionaire : should the Fed announce QE 2 , the dollar will plunge , and gold will surge .
Due to negative convexity between these two asset classes , we anticipate a non-linear acceleration in the price of gold compared to the DXY .
Alternatively , should the Fed stay pat and do nothing to prevent the verticalization in the yield curve , the other side of the barbell would be to reward those who would benefit the most from the resultant even greater curve steepness , expressing this with long financial exposure ( the more levered , the better ) .
Another levered way to play the increasing curve steepness would be putting on the Julian Robertson - proposed Constant Maturity Swap trade ( discussed previously in depth here ) .
Lastly , should the Fed attempt to stimulate an endogenous flight to safety and boost demand for Coupons artificially , we believe , as we have said before , that the FRBNY will certainly implement a stock market crash .
The alternatives , an interest rate hike and QE .
We believe that while the probability of QE 2 is increasing with every day , the likelihood of a rate raise is negligible , leaving the market crash theory as the wildcard .
We will not handicap this outcome and instead let every reader decide for themselves .
Nonetheless , as this week demonstrated all too well , once the market gains downward momentum , even the much expected daily offer - lifters may be mysteriously elusive .
Hedge appropriately .
Coming into the city from the airport , around a corner , Seattle sort of bursts into view : the tall white Smith Tower , 42 stories high and 95 years old , a symbol of old Seattle ; the Space Needle , once the symbol of the city 's future ; and the Columbia Center , as tall as the sky and as black as midnight , a symbol of what Seattle has become .
It 's always startling for a San Franciscan to go to Seattle , as we did last weekend .
It 's like running into a distant relative , someone who looks like you but has his own separate life .
A doppelganger .
Seattle looks like San Francisco - the beautiful blue Elliott Bay , the white ferryboats , the mountains in the distance .
Seattle has seven hills , and before big - time tourism arrived , the town even had cable cars .
There 's a Skid Road , a Chinatown ( called the International District ) , even a subway these days .
The downtown is crowded and vibrant .
There are preachers and music in the streets .
There is also a bit of civic smugness , a feeling that the place is very , very special .
The late Emmett Watson , a columnist in Seattle for more than 50 years , put it this way : " A man I admire once said that he had a simple test for examining the worth of a city .
He wrote 'it is whether , no matter how many times I have been there , I still feel a glow of excitement on the moment of arrival . '
I cannot speak for anyone else in thinking of Seattle this way , but whenever I leave it for any period of time , the glow is always there when I return .
It is a beautiful city , unbelievably blessed by nature . "
It is pleasant to go there and easy to imagine being in a nicer San Francisco .
The people are more polite , and there are fewer beggars .
San Franciscans notice that immediately .
The Pike Place Market is a wonder - a combination of San Francisco 's old Crystal Palace Market and the new Ferry Building .
It is a fish market , a vegetable market , a spice market , a place to eat oysters , drink beer , watch people and admire the view .
It is enough to make a San Franciscan weep .
If we had a place like that we tore it down .
That almost happened in Seattle , when civic boosters wanted to replace the Pike Market , which they said was the home of rats and winos , with a Disneyfied version of what it had been .
It stirred up a latent nativism in Seattle , a rebellion against fast - buck artists , shady developers and apostles of Progress with a capital " P. " Watson himself railed in print against a booster outfit called Greater Seattle Inc .
His answer was something he named " Lesser Seattle " and he crusaded against outsiders , mostly expatriate New Yorkers and Californians .
He founded a mythical organization called Keep the Bastards Out .
He meant us .
But Seattle people are too polite to be rude to visitors , and they actually seem to like to give directions to strangers .
So we looked at the Space Needle and the monorail , those two 20th century monuments to the 21st century .
" Wow , " said the Sailor Girl , my companion in these adventures .
" We used to think that by the 21st century , we 'd all live in colonies on the moon . "
No such luck .
Instead , the Space Needle and the monorail look oddly dated , like long sideburns and bell - bottom pants .
But Seattle is n't all old stuff : it 's where grunge music comes from , and Starbucks , and Nordstrom and Boeing .
A young city : Everybody on the street seems to be 25 years old .
Still , Seattle seems to be a little different , a little slower .
Maybe because it's up in the Northwest corner of America , distant from the places we think of as important .
So Seattle is like San Francisco - but not really - like the guy who looks just like you , but is different .
Last year , Los Angeles County Judge Brett Klein was presented with a proposed class - action settlement in which the plaintiffs ' attorney would get $ 125,000 , but class members would get only a $ 10 gift card , usable only at the store that allegedly violated the law in the first place .
That is an example of the much - maligned " coupon settlement , " in which a defendant can end up profiting from breaking the law because a consumer must buy something from the defendant to redeem the coupon .
These can sometimes be okay , but Judge Klein did n't think this settlement was fair .
Another L.A. County judge , Susan Bryant - Deason , had tentatively approved the settlement , but she became ill and Klein ended up presiding over the fairness hearing .
In a ruling that caught my eye when it came out last year , he ordered that the attorney also be paid in $ 10 gift cards , just like the people he represented .
Under Klein 's order , Neil Fineman was to receive 12,500 gift cards that he could put toward the purchase of any merchandise he liked , as long as he liked the women 's clothing at Windsor Fashions .
That seemed like justice to me .
But it turns out that someone ( it 's not clear who ) filed a complaint with the state Commission on Judicial Performance over this incident .
On February 2 , the Commission censured Judge Klein ( who has since retired ) , rather than , as the person who alerted me to the story suggested , giving him a medal .
According to the CJP 's notice of proceedings , Klein was charged with violations including " willful misconduct in office " for his actions related to the settlement hearing .
The notice alleged , among other things , that Klein had " engaged in a pattern of sarcasm and improper remarks toward the attorneys " ( it 's good to know , but a little surprising , that this is actually against the rules ) before modifying the proposed order .
He forwarded a copy of his final order to a local paper , which reported on it ( as I did ) " with approval . "
Apparently , though , Klein himself later had second thoughts , and on his own motion ordered reconsideration of his ruling .
The reconsidering was done by Judge Bryant - Deason , who reinstated the order as originally proposed and approved the settlement .
In its February 2 decision , the CJP found that Klein 's conduct displayed bias and something called " embroilment , " and reflected " a failure to be patient , dignified , and courteous to those appearing before him . "
I have to say that the transcript excerpts , which you can read for yourself in the decision , do not seem nearly as bad as this makes it sound .
( Or as uncommon . )
While sending the order to the paper is certainly unusual , it 's not like it would have gone unnoticed otherwise , and as Klein said this week , " I 'm a bit startled to be criticized for furnishing a public document to a journalist . "
He stood by his criticism of the settlement , saying he thought it " would only be fair if the lawyer was paid the same way . "
As the decision notes , Klein , who had been on the bench for nearly 20 years , stipulated to the result , possibly because he had retired anyway and so need not care .
Lost in all this , of course , is the issue of the settlement itself , which as approved still requires the allegedly wronged consumers to go spend more money at the defendant 's store in order to benefit from the settlement .
Klein may have gone about this the wrong way , but his gift - card - fee requirement is still a great idea .
Link : Los Angeles Times
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. employers unexpectedly cut 85,000 jobs in December , government data showed on Friday , cooling optimism on the labor market ’s recovery and keeping pressure on President Barack Obama .
KEY POINTS : * The Labor Department said November payrolls were revised to show the economy actually added 4,000 jobs in that month rather than losing 11,000 as initially reported .
With revisions to October , however , the economy lost 1,000 more jobs than previously estimated over the two months .
*
The unemployment rate was unchanged at 10 percent in December . *
Analysts polled by Reuters had expected nonfarm payrolls to be unchanged last month and the unemployment rate to edge up to 10.1 percent .
*
High unemployment is one of the toughest domestic challenges facing Obama .
The administration ’s success in getting people back to work will shape prospects for Obama ’s own political future .
COMMENTS :
PIERRE ELLIS , SENIOR ECONOMIST , DECISION ECONOMICS , NEW YORK :
“ It was disappointing , but does not destroy the idea that the economy is on a recovery track .
It just makes the recovery look a little bit more gradual .
The service industries in general did not improve as much as they did last month .
The secondary indications remain neutral at worst .
The workweek was flat .
The income being generated is still a little bit positive .
While layoffs may be shrinking rapidly as evident in the weekly new jobless claims figures but new hiring remains very hesitant . ”
DAVID KATZ , CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER , MATRIX ASSET ADVISORS , NEW YORK :
“ Basically the economy continues to take three steps forward and two steps back .
The employment numbers have been moving in a better direction , here is a day when we take a step back .
I would n’t read too much into it beyond the fact that this will be a slow employment recovery .
Directionally , the economy is on a mend and we think the markets will continue to be a beneficiary of that in 2010 . ”
TORSTEN SLOK , SENIOR ECONOMIST , DEUTSCHE BANK , NEW YORK , NEW YORK :
“ This report was worse than what we had expected .
But at the same time , when looking at the last few months , the trend still shows an improvement .
Of course it is disappointing that we did not see job growth , but this series is very volatile and we cannot make a strong judgment based on one month .
The market was expecting a Fed rate hike in August and this report obviously does not support that view .
Overall , the report is positive for bonds and negative for stocks . ”
JOSEPH TREVISANI , CHIEF MARKET ANALYST , FX SOLUTIONS , RIDGEWOOD , NEW JERSEY :
“ Despite the weaker than expected December jobs picture in the United States , rising European unemployment , weaker than expected EMU and German retail sales results and continuing sovereign debt issues in Europe should keep the dollar on a mild upswing in the first quarter .
The American economy is clearly not going to burst out of the gate with growth and job creation but it will perform better than its major competitors in Europe and Japan and that will be enough for the currency markets ; traders will take what they can get . ”
BRUCE MCCAIN , CHIEF INVESTMENT STRATEGIST , KEY PRIVATE BANK , CLEVELAND , OHIO :
“ For the economy I think the jobs report fits the picture that we have seen of a hesitant recovery .
“ For the Fed it suggests that employment is going to be much more difficult to get back on track than at least the optimists suggest .
“ For the Treasury market it takes a little bit of pressure off at the long end ( where ) bond investors have been coming to grips with the fear that recovery will also bring heightened inflation . ”
KEITH HEMBRE , CHIEF ECONOMIST , FIRST AMERICAN FUNDS , MINNEAPOLIS , MINNESOTA :
“ There ’s probably some statistical noise around the extra week in November , maybe capturing some of the December numbers .
Looking at the two months together , you ’ve got a decline of about 40,000 on average .
That would seem to fit with the pattern of less weakness in the labor market but yet not to the point where we ’re totally stabilized and starting to add jobs again .
“ Fed tightening is quite some ways off .
“ It would seem that they would be getting ahead of themselves a little bit if the first time we see a positive print they are ready to start making policy adjustments . ”
ROBERT MACINTOSH , CHIEF ECONOMIST , EATON VANCE CORP , BOSTON :
“ The number for December was worse than had been expected but the revision to November to make it positive is probably a big deal .
If you add it all up it is telling you that there is a slow but steady improvement going on .
There is a slow , steady improvement that is so slow that you do n’t need to worry about inflation . ”
AMELIA BOURDEAU , SENIOR CURRENCY STRATEGIST , UBS , STAMFORD , CONNECTICUT :
“ It was disappointing .
The market had been looking for a flat to slightly positive result and investors had been wondering whether or not the market would price in rate hikes sooner than expected .
That wo n’t be the case .
So what we ’re getting is a weak dollar reaction .
I think we ’ll see selective risk - seeking now , as this number will suggest the Fed wo n’t be hiking rates earlier than the second half . ”
VASSILI SEREBRIAKOV , CURRENCY STRATEGIST , WELLS FARGO BANK , NEW YORK :
“ The headline number is worse - than - expected and in our view this is more of a pause rather than a reversal in the outlook for the job situation .
The breakdown was a bit more encouraging but altogether this report will probably work against the more optimistic expectations on the U.S. economy .
“ It is negative for the dollar , and we are seeing it getting weaker .
But we do n’t expect to see a complete reversal in the dollar gains from last month based solely on this report .
We need more data points . ”
DAN COOK , SENIOR MARKET ANALYST , IG MARKETS , CHICAGO :
“ It ’s a surprise .
I did n’t think we ’d see something like this until February .
I thought we ’d have more temporary workers , and the other job indicators we had seemed fairly positive .
I ’d expect to see a bit of pressure today .
Average workweek hours remain at a low level , which tells no one really has an incentive to hire .
“ I thought we ’d see the unemployment rate tick up , which it did n’t , though 10 percent still is n’t a good level .
All in all , I really do n’t think that we ’ll see a big move by the end of the session because of this .
Last month people had a hard time believing the loss of 11,000 number we had , no one thought that was accurate coming from the 100,000 level we had a few months ago .
85,000 is n’t a bad number considering where we were coming from a few months ago , but its still not where we want to be . ”
WARD MCCARTHY , ECONOMIST , JEFFERIES & CO , NEW YORK :
“ The nonfarm payroll number was weaker than expected in December ; however November was revised up , suggesting that things are getting better and of course it was the first positive reading of the cycle .
“ The Fed ’s not going to change anything for a long time in the future and this just kind of keeps that on track .
“ Treasuries should like it . ”
MARKET REACTION : STOCKS : U.S. stock index futures turn negative BONDS : U.S. Treasury debt prices turn positive DOLLAR : U.S. dollar falls versus euro
THE fiscal crisis has done nothing to slow down New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's philanthropy , the New York Post reported today .
The billionaire mayor donated $ US254 million ( $ 291 million ) to 1,358 organisations last year , the most he has given in his eight years in office .
Bloomberg , 67 , was America 's fourth most generous person in 2009 , according to a ranking of donors released Monday by The Chronicle of Philanthropy .
The Chronicle identified only five beneficiaries of the mayor 's largesse , classifying them as groups that " are working to reduce and prevent deaths and injuries from automobile crashes . "
They were the Association for Safe International Road Travel , the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development , the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health , the World Health Organisation and the World Resources Institute for Sustainable Transport .
" The remaining 1,353 groups support the arts , human services , public affairs and other causes , " the Chronicle said .
In 2008 , Bloomberg gave $ US235 million ( $ 269 million ) to 1,221 groups , eclipsing the $ 26.6 million ( $ 30.48 million ) he donated in 1997 , four years before running for office .
Originally published as Mayor donates $ 291 m to good causes
‘ Angel sent down ’ to put Bible on Kentucky school curriculum , legislator says
A Kentucky state Senate committee has approved legislation allowing the Bible to be studied as a literary subject in public schools , a move that means the state will likely follow Tennessee , Texas and a handful of others in bringing the Christian text into the curriculum .
ADVERTISEMENT
The bill , put forward by three Democratic state senators , orders the Kentucky Board of Education to draw up guidelines for teaching the Bible as a literary work in the context of “ literature , art , music , mores , oratory and public policy , ” reports the Louisville Courier - Journal .
The Bible courses would be elective .
The bill passed the committee 12 - 0 , and is expected to sail smoothly through the legislature .
“ It ’s the kind of legislation that most Kentucky lawmakers dare not vote against , especially in an election year , ” reports the Associated Press .
In praising the legislation , state Sen. Elizabeth Tori told the bill ’s sponsors that “ an angel was sent down on your shoulders ” prompting “ you to put this bill together , ” as quoted at the Courier - Journal .
“ I‘ve said for many years that until we put God back into our households , things in society will not change for the better , ” Tori said .
“ So our politicians believe in imaginary cherubs from the sky dropping down to suggest legislation .
Alert the writers at the Jon Stewart show , ” writes Rick Redding at the Louisville Mojo blog .
“ Sorry , Ms. Tori , but there are schools you can send your kids to if you want a religious education .
Those are n’t the ones funded by taxpayers . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
But the bill ’s sponsors insist the new law would n’t amount to religious indoctrination and steers clear of violating the principle of separation of church and state .
“ There are so many aspects in the scripture relevant to literature — it ’s relevant to art , to music , to social issues as well , ” Democratic state Sen .
David Boswell , the bill ’s chief sponsor , told ABC affiliate WTVQ .
“ I know of no other book out there with the thousands of years of documentation on all of these social issues that can be used for instructional purposes . ”
The American Civil Liberties Union says that , while the bill does n’t appear to be unconstitutional , it will likely lead to abuses that will violate students ’ rights .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ’s not clearly unconstitutional on its face , but it will likely lead to a host of unconstitutional actions by school boards , ” ACLU of Kentucky executive director Michael Aldridge told AP .
“ It ’s obviously kind of a backdoor means to open the door to teach unconstitutional Bible courses in public schools . ”
The national legal director of American Atheists told WTVQ that he views the proposed law as unconstitutional .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Nowhere does this book or this course intend to say these are mythological stories .
They are presented as fact and they are presented as true history , ” Edward Kagin said .
“ I would readily support a bill to teach comparative religion , but I am opposed to teaching essentially the Christian religion . ”
Late last month , Tennessee ’s state board of education approved guidelines for a secular Bible course , which will be taught starting this fall as “ part of a secular curriculum . ”
Texas has had a similar law on the books since 2007 , and as of this fall , offering the class will be mandatory in Texas school districts .
TASHKENT --
Three men were sentenced in Tashkent on February 17 for the murder of Mark Vail , the director of Uzbekistan 's prominent Ilhom Theater , RFE / RL's Uzbek Service reports .
Vail was stabbed to death near his home in Tashkent on September 6 , 2007 .
The court gave Yokub Ghofurov a 19 - year sentence , and Alisher Sattorov and Kahramon Pulatov 17 - year jail terms after finding them guilty of premeditated murder .
Lawyers for Sattorov and Pulatov told journalists that they will ask the court to reduce their clients ' prison terms to 13 years .
Police failed to apprehend a fourth suspect , Umid Ishokov , who is the alleged mastermind of the murder .
Uzbek officials said Ishokov may be living in the United States .
Vail was the founder of the Ilhom Theater .
His " Imitations of The Koran , " a performance based on a poem by Russian poet Aleksandr Pushkin , had led some to accuse him of insulting Islam .
IT 'S game over for one over - zealous player who was fined $ 1.5 m for illegally copying and uploading a pre-release version of a popular game .
James Burt , 24 from Brisbane , received an early copy of Nintendo 's Super Mario Bros Wii and made it available for download from a website , which has since been shut down .
As a result of his actions the Federal Court ordered Burt to pay Nintendo $ 1.5 m in damages and also cover the $ 100,000 in court costs .
The Super Mario Bros games are among the most popular ever produced by Nintendo with millions of copies sold around the world .
Super Mario Bros Wii , which was due for official release on November 12 , 2009 , was copied and offered by Burt online from November 6 .
The title in question was the first time the popular side - scrolling game was available for the popular Nintendo Wii console with up to four players able to join the action at the same time .
Once Nintendo was aware of the breach the company employed a forensic investigator which eventually tracked down and revealed Burt as the offender .
The game had already been downloaded " many thousands of times " according the Nintendo 's legal representatives Maddocks Lawyers in Melbourne .
On November 23 Nintendo obtained a Federal Court search order for Burt 's residence in the Brisbane suburb of Sinnamon Park and obtained evidence which was used in the case .
Nintendo Australia managing director Rose Lappin says the case a victory against piracy .
" Piracy is massive and getting bigger and bigger but I think the courts are taking it more seriously now as you can see by this , " she said .
" As an industry it 's a major problem and the cost is massive to the industry and to developers .
" Some of these guys say there are more downloads and patches than there are actual sales for them .
" That 's shocking for our industry . "
I love Google , do n't you ?
It 's so handy .
Why , if I were a Republican presidential nominee and I did n't know who to select as my running mate , I too might use teh Google to determine my pick .
John McCain did that very thing when he selected Sarah Palin .
On the Today Show , when Matt Lauer questioned him on his pick , he said that he " would n't know . "
Jesus .
McCain tried to bring up the war to divert Lauer from pushing him , and to Lauer 's credit he did n't back down .
John McCain refused to comment on it .
That is insane .
Lauer asked , that the vetting of Sarah Palin was so woefully inadequate that no one from the campaign traveled to Alaska to interview her husband or any of her political opponents ?
" I would n't know , " McCain said .
" The fact is that I 'm proud of Sarah Palin , I 'm proud of the campaign we waged , she energized our party , she will be a major factor in American politics in the future , and I 'm proud of our campaign . "
Somewhat taken aback , Lauer told McCain that he found it " somewhat surprising " that he did n't know anything about the vetting process , adding " You were the presidential candidate . "
McCain testily shot back by saying that he had no intention of " looking back over what happened over a year ago , " adding , " I 'm sorry , you 'll have to get others to comment on it . "
Really ?
That 's all Mr. Straight talk had in him ?
And it 's embarrassing that they were so desperate for a female candidate that they actually had to Google Chick - Repubs to see who was available .
Among their revelations is how McCain 's campaign manager , Rick Davis , spotted Sarah Palin while searching the Internet for possible female vice presidential candidates .
" Rick Davis saw one interview she did with Charlie Rose where she was very much the Sarah Palin that people find appealing .
She was lively , she was engaging , she popped off the screen .
And he said , ' Wow , she jumps out , ' " Halperin said .
" McCain boxed himself in .
He needed a game - changing pick for vice president .
And that left them with a last - minute pick of someone who was , to McCain , a virtual stranger , and was , to his senior staffers , an absolute stranger , " he added .
Gawker writes :
McCain knew Bristol Palin was pregnant , Republicans insisted .
But suddenly stories were all - but - implying that McCain 's campaign — the campaign of serious grown - ups — basically Googled Palin a couple weeks ago and decided she looked clean enough for the job .
As John Dickerson puts it , Republicans are not being complimentary when they quietly call McCain " reckless . "
Why did n't Davis just go to Hannidate or Match.com to find a running mate for McCain ?
I 'm sure Laura Ingraham would have jumped at the chance too .
Seventeen years ago , Gregory Flynt Taylor was a crack cocaine abuser convicted of killing a prostitute during a late - night prowl for drugs .
On Wednesday , Taylor was a free man , the first convicted felon in U.S. history to be exonerated by a state - mandated innocence commission .
A three - judge panel unanimously ruled that Taylor , 47 , had been wrongly convicted in 1993 of murdering Jacquetta Thomas .
The judges heard six days of testimony under a 2006 state law that created the North Carolina Innocence Inquiry Commission to investigate claims of innocence by convicted felons .
The commission , which has subpoena power , is the only such agency in the country , although other states are considering similar bodies .
The commission was established after several felons in the state were exonerated following lengthy court appeals .
Taylor , dressed in a black suit , struggled to hold back tears as family members and supporters erupted in cheers after the panel announced its decision .
A sheriff ’s deputy removed leg shackles and Taylor , his narrow face flushed , embraced his lawyers and parents .
“ This is unbelievable , ” Taylor shouted as supporters mobbed him inside a law school courtroom .
“ Six thousand , one hundred and forty - nine days -- and finally the truth has prevailed . ”
A jury convicted Taylor after prosecutors said blood was found on the SUV he was driving the night Thomas was beaten to death in Raleigh in 1991 .
But testimony at the commission hearing last week revealed that a follow - up test -- showing that no blood was on the vehicle -- was never passed on to the court .
The hearing also exposed flaws in the state ’s case involving eyewitness testimony and allegations by a jailhouse snitch who implicated Taylor in the killing .
Taylor ’s case was only the second to reach the three - judge panel , which is appointed by the chief justice of the state Supreme Court .
The first case , in 2008 , was unsuccessful .
The commission has reviewed 634 cases , but only three have received a full hearing by the body ’s commissioners .
The commission was formed after a state legal advisory body concluded that the appeals process for wrongful conviction claims was “ delayed , lengthy , costly , and damaging to the public ’s confidence in its justice system . ”
The commission is charged with providing an independent fact - finding forum for credible claims of innocence .
“ This case is going to be taught in legal history textbooks , ” said Kendra Montgomery - Blinn , the commission ’s executive director .
Tom Ford , the lead prosecutor at Taylor ’s 1993 trial , shook Taylor ’s hand moments after the verdict and said he was sorry .
“ I understand , Mr. Ford , ” Taylor said quietly .
Moments later , Wake County Dist .
Atty .
Colon Willoughby , who had fought to keep Taylor in prison on a life sentence , also shook the freed man ’s hand .
“ I told him I was very sorry he was convicted , ” Willoughby said .
“ I said I wished we ’d had all this testimony in 1991 . ”
Joseph B. Cheshire V , one of Taylor ’s lawyers , said of the panel ’s verdict : “ This is really a historic day . ”
He urged other states to establish innocence commissions .
Taylor was embraced by three former felons whose convictions had been overturned by North Carolina courts .
One wore a T - shirt that read : “ Free Greg Taylor . ”
“ This is not just about innocent people , ” Taylor told them .
“ It ’s about injustice . ”
Taylor hugged Yolanda Littlejohn , the slain prostitute ’s sister .
Littlejohn has said Taylor was innocent and had helped with his defense .
She visited him in prison to tell him she believed in him .
“ This is a person who lost a member of her family , ” Taylor said .
“ How many people could look at this case objectively and think they might have the wrong person ? ”
He paused and added : “ I do n’t think I could ’ve done that . ”
david.zucchino@ latimes.com
Bing ( dictionary definition – a heap , a pile ) is allegedly not doing as well as Microsoft would want you believe .
We see Microsoft on a regular basis claiming to be the innovator of products people want to use ( IMO ) , but when you actually look in further detail , the story , in my opinion is very different .
I gave my views on Bing quite a while ago on this blog .
Despite what people may like you to believe about this blog I was hardly critical of the product , noting that the main problem Bing had was getting past the household name of Google which has almost become part of our vocabulary .
When talking about Linux market share , many Microsoft advocates have claimed the traditional 1 % , for many years .
Despite what the figure actually is , I think we can all agree that now more than ever people are talking about and using alternatives to Microsoft products and if , the 1 % figure was correct a few years ago , IMO its certainly not correct now .
Anyway , this article is about Bing , but the point is , if , as the Microsoft advocates claim , a low market share is indicative of a poor product , then Bing is doomed ( IMO ) .
Why ?
Im about to make that point .
Netapps have released figures on market share of search engines , which they released in December 2009 .
In my opinion the figures do not make good reading for Microsoft .
I ’ve read allegations that Netapps favors Microsoft and if that is true then Bing really does have problems .
The figures have Google at 85.34 % and Bing at 3.27 % – not , in my opinion the success story that Ive read from Microsoft sources regarding Bing .
The report can be found here .
At the CES this week , Steve Ballmer has this to say about Bing :
More than ever we are delivering the experiences that people want …..
Well if Netapps are accurate , then its at best what 3 % of people want .
If people were waiting for some of his trademark behavior on stage at the CES this week , then he did n’t disappoint since its reported that he went on to say :
And of course we Bing we Bing we Bing we Bing Bing Bing all the time , at least in my world
Yes Stevie , of course you do .
I do n’t think I want to be visiting that world anytime soon .
We only have to cast our minds back a short while to earlier in 2009 when allegations were abound that IE6 was changing the default search engine to Bing without the users consent .
You can read an article about that here and here .
What was interesting at the time were some of the comments by users ( which can be found on the linked articles ) :
Well for me it was when I upgraded to IE 8 .
It keeps defaulting back to the bing home page even after I change it to google .
It changes back when I reboot .
So there is someting else going on here !
and also
I ’m using IE7 and it ’s doing the same thing , I even chose an option in Google to not allow other search engines to change my default and to notify me when it happens .
Bing is still taking over and putting itself as my default search engine .
I do n’t think it ’s a \bug\ at all , I ’m so angry !
But regardless of which IE version was experiencing it and how , Microsoft released this :
We ’re aware of the issue with IE6 and Bing and are investigating a solution .
This issue is not impacting IE7 or IE8 users .
We respect user choice on search providers in IE and all browsers , and designed IE to enable that choice .
We will provide an update soon on this issue , and we apologize for any inconvenience it has caused .
In the meantime , we encourage customers to upgrade to IE8 here .
Alternatively , Firefox users can install the add - in for Bing here .
Right , so it was a bug ?
In my opinion a rather convenient one .
Putting that aside though , take a look at the press release .
Microsoft are acknowledging the issue ( that being IE switching to Bing ) , they apologize for “ inconvenience ” and then they give a link to not only IE8 ( which if you remember Microsoft offered to donate food to the hungry in order for you to download it ) and a link to a Firefox plug in for Bing .
Maybe
Ive missed something ?
If people were inconvienienced by Bing , why on earth would they offer a plug in for it for Firefox ?
“ We ’re sorry about Bing , nevermind heres a plug - in for Firefox “ ? 😉
Moving to the middle of 2009 , there are again , allegations abound .
This time about Bing censorship :
Bings Blatant Censorship in Germany
Is Bing Censoring Questions about Microsoft ?
Claims that Bing Censored Chinese Results
Bing and Yahoo Censor Indian Search Results – Disgrace
Theres many more articles on the subject .
When all this is looked at together it maybe explains why Bing is only on 3 % of share , although if you consider the “ extra hits ”
Bing would have received from the “ unfortunate bug ” and consider that people would probably have tried Bing out of curiosity , it makes the 3 % figure it has now even more dire ( IMO )
So whats users verdict on Bing ?
Here are a few taken from http://www.fluther.com/disc/46570/what-is-your-opinion-of-bingcom/
I gave it a try but I would not use it .
So I take it they were not impressed ?
How about this user ?:
I checked it out .
It does n’t look like there ’s anything special about it .
Next chap ( presumably a Google user ) had this to say :
It brings nothing new to the table , besides the interface , which isnt to appealing I might add .
Why use it when Google WILL satisfy your every desire .
and the comments go on :
I ’ve been trying out bing today ; not very impressed .
and
Do n’t like it that much .
I get way better results with Google .
I ’ll stop there , you get the general idea .
Of course we also had the issues with bugs on the Bing Iphone app and I wrote about those here .
Conclusions
So now I hope you see the point of this article and in my opinion a typical example of Microsoft ’s PR v Real life .
The story ( IMO ) is somewhat different to Steve Ballmer ’s comment of “ delivering the experiences that people want ” unless what they wanted was censorship and their default search engine changed .
I will leave you with these questions , is Bing another example of Microsoft trying to be jack of all trades in area ’s where others have the upper hand ?
Is Microsoft fighting a war it ca n’t win on too many fronts ?
I ’ll leave you to decide .
Goblin – bytes4free@googlemail.com
both of these guys own property in california
Your complimentary articles
You ’ve read one of your four complimentary articles for this month .
You can read four articles free per month .
To have complete access to the thousands of philosophy articles on this site , please SUBSCRIBE NOW
Articles
La Vie D’Ennui
Colin Bisset is inspired to do nothing .
A friend and I are wandering through the lush gardens of a grand country home .
“ Would n’t it be wonderful to live somewhere like this ? ” I ask , stopping to admire the view of the house over its lake .
“ Summer days on the lawn , grand parties , cocktails . ”
My friend mutters something about having a social conscience , but I ’m not listening .
“ Lazing about , ” I continue .
“ Wonderfully bored . ”
My friend ’s face swivels towards me like the ventriloquist ’s dummy in Magic .
“ Bored ?
How could you be bored if you had all that ? ” he exclaims .
I have always fancied being bored on a huge and stylish scale .
I ’m talking Great Gatsby boredom , with everyone lying around in white clothes and floppy hats , sipping long drinks with cooling names , and being utterly and divinely bored .
How sophisticated can one get , goes my thinking , that even when surrounded by the best things in life , it ’s not enough ?
Boredom wins through .
There ’s something exquisite about boredom .
Like melancholy and its darker cousin sadness , boredom is related to emptiness and meaninglessness , but in a perfectly enjoyable way .
It ’s like wandering though the National Gallery , being surrounded by all those great works of art , and deciding not to look at them because it ’s a pleasure just walking from room to room enjoying the squeak of your soles on the polished floor .
Boredom is the no-signal sound on a blank television , the closed - down monotone of a radio in the middle of the night .
It ’s an uninterrupted straight line .
Actually , my idea of boredom has little to do with wealthy surroundings .
It ’s about a certain mindset .
Perfect boredom is the enjoyment of the moment of stasis that comes between slowing down and speeding up – like sitting at a traffic light for a particularly long time .
It ’s at the cusp of action , because however enjoyable it may be , boredom is really not a long - term aspiration .
It ’s for an afternoon before a sociable evening .
It marks that point in a holiday when you ’ve shrugged off all the concerns of work and home , explored the hotel and got used to the swimming pool , and everything has become totally familiar .
‘ I ’m bored ’ just pops into your mind one morning as you ’re laying your towel over the sunlounger before breakfast , and then you think ‘ How lovely . ’
It ’s about the stillness and familiarity of that precise moment before the inevitable anxiety about packing up and heading back to God - knows - what .
Like everyone , I ’ve been bored in the way often linked with death , but that was mainly as a child , and as you get older you become more resilient in dealing with it .
As an adult , you can choose between luxuriating in your boredom or eliminating it by getting up and doing something .
The choice is yours .
Being observed to be bored stirs up judgment from others , especially parents .
“ Have n’t you got anything better to do ? ” they ask .
Do they expect the truth ?
That you do have nothing better to do than lie around listening to music , but that you ’re also perfectly happy doing this ?
And when did being told to tidy your room constitute an interesting alternative ?
As a child boredom is a bleak prospect .
It was my regular companion when my family stayed with my grandparents in Scotland for the summer holidays .
Their house faced the sea , which meant that there was a rocky seashore to explore .
But after five or six years of that it was beginning to pall .
Ruby splats of jellyfish were no longer regarded as terrifying , and there was a l imit to how many times you could yell “ I just saw something move in the water ! ” and run screaming from the water ’s edge .
There was also the fact that my sister was now grown up enough to find it demeaning to hang out with someone my age who wanted to play .
My parents and grandparents seemed delighted to sit and conduct endlessly dull conversations .
And so I would sit and think .
I would sit at the top of the garden looking out over the roof of the house to the water beyond , and wonder what it would be like to live on a boat .
And I would sit on the rocks on the seashore and watch the birds foraging for food , and wonder what it would be like to fly .
And I would sit in the sunroom listening to the rain on the roof , and wonder what it would be like to be old enough to have holidays on your own , in proper hotels with swimming pools and waiters and organised amusements .
And sometimes it was lovely just to be sitting and thinking like that for hours on end .
At other times my thoughts took more perplexing turns .
I would wonder if everything I was looking at was n’t actually there , that it was just an illusion .
Or what if everything was pitch black but only I thought it was light and colourful ?
Or what if what I heard did n’t match what I thought I was seeing ?
These were not the sort of thoughts I felt able to own up to at the afternoon tea table , and so I ended up for quite some time believing that nothing could be trusted because my eyes were certainly being deceived .
I ’m not sure why a ten year old boy was experiencing philosophical angst , but it certainly shows that I had an awful lot of time on my hands .
And that ’s the point of boredom , is n’t it ?
Was n’t Newton sitting underneath an apple tree staring into space , and Archimedes wallowing in the bath , when clarity struck ?
In my own insignificant way , I think I have always understood that doing nothing is the key to getting somewhere .
As a writer , it takes a while to convince others that you are working hard whilst appearing to be lying on the sofa staring at the ceiling , but once this is accomplished it can be very useful , especially if you are enjoying staring at the ceiling and hear , “ I ’m sorry , he ca n’t come to the phone at the moment , he ’s working ” – which suggests a genius on the cusp of a plot breakthrough rather than someone deciding whether to have poached or scrambled eggs for lunch .
Living in a surfing suburb , I am often aware of groups of people of all ages who gather ostensibly to watch the surf .
The bigger and more dangerous the surf , the more people will gather and watch it .
But there ’s a limit to how long you can focus on huge waves crashing near the shore .
Is n’t the reality that these people have completely zoned out and are simply using the surf as an excuse to stare into space ?
If you asked them why they ’re staring at the sea they ’d come up with a host of answers , many of which might have the ring of truth .
Sure , the colour and drama of a roiling ocean is a sight to behold , but who ’s going to admit that really , they ’ve been loafing on the beach with an empty thought bubble hovering over their heads ?
Boredom in the workplace is something else , of course .
Here every moment has hovering over it the question - mark of time passing .
This kind of boredom sucks the life from you .
It has none of the hallmarks of the grand boredom that I ’m after – the sort with a rousing soundtrack as you emerge from the darkness of sloth into the light of inspiration .
The sort that illuminates new questions :
Why not go and live in another country ?
Why should n’t I write a novel ?
That sort of boredom is the equivalent of a long bath with French soap and frangipani flowers floating on the surface ; something so relaxing and pleasurable that you really do n’t want it to end .
And yet , when the bathwater has cooled and the flowers have gone mushy , you ’re happy to lift your glowing self from the tub and move forward into the stream of life with renewed vigour .
Such is la vie d’ennui .
Okay , so sometimes you might wrap your bathrobe around you and snuggle into the sofa and think , I ’ll tackle the future just as soon as I ’ve caught up with these old episodes of The West Wing .
But that ’s how boredom works .
Eventually you will step out into the brave new world .
You have to move .
That ’s what boredom is for ; and perhaps why God invented cramp and bed sores .
© Colin Bisset 2010
Colin Bisset was bored in the UK and has been happily bored in Australia since 1997 .
He writes on a variety of subjects .
WASHINGTON  Taking a step to normalize lending after holding interest rates to extraordinary lows for more than a year to prop up the financial system , the Federal Reserve on Thursday raised the interest rate it charges on short - term loans to banks .
While the central bank had signaled its intentions to take such a step , the timing was a surprise .
The announcement was made after the stock market had closed in a carefully worded statement that emphasized that the Fed was not yet ready to begin a broad tightening of credit that would affect businesses and consumers as they struggle to recover from the economic crisis .
But while the move will not directly affect home mortgage , credit card or auto loan rates , it was a clear sign to the markets , politicians in Washington and the country as a whole that the era of extraordinarily cheap money necessitated by the crisis was drawing gradually to a close .
The Fed ’s board of governors raised the discount rate on loans made directly to banks by a quarter of a percentage point , to 0.75 percent from 0.50 percent , effective Friday .
We heard about AT&T's Voicemail - to - Text service back in December , but now it 's being shoved down our throats again with email reminders aplenty .
Why do n't we care about the $ 10 / month service ?
Because we can get something better .
For free .
Advertisement
Google Voice and its transcribing powers were our first thought , but it 's not the only alternative .
Ribbit Mobile offers some decent transcriptions and has a pretty solid iPhone app available and as does YouMail .
Testing Google Voice 's Transcription Powers The New York Times ' Gadgetwise blog asked its readers to call a Google Voice number and leave …
Read more
Advertisement
Lifehacker actually made it a point to pit some of these transcription services against each other a long time ago , but I 'm certain that both quality and prices have changed since then .
Either way , these services remain free — or at least cheaper than AT&T 's service — and have been around long enough to work out some kinks .
So check them out and spend the ten bucks you 'll save each month on ice cream or something .
An innovative cardiac scanner being developed at the University of Leeds will dramatically improve the process of diagnosing heart conditions .
The portable magnetometer * is being developed with the help of funding from the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council ( EPSRC ) .
Due to its unprecedented sensitivity to magnetic fluctuations , the device will be able to detect a number of conditions , including heart problems in foetuses , earlier than currently available diagnostic techniques such as ultrasound , ECG ( electrocardiogram ) and existing cardiac magnetometers .
It will also be smaller , simpler to operate , able to gather more information and significantly cheaper than other devices currently available .
Another key benefit is that , for the first time , skilled nurses as well as doctors will be able to carry out heart scans , helping to relieve pressure on hospital waiting lists .
The device will also function through clothes , cutting the time needed to perform scans and removing the need for patients to undress for an examination .
It could also be taken out to a patient 's home , leading to a reduction in the use of hospital facilities .
Large scale magnetometers have been used for some time for things like directional drilling for oil and gas , on spacecraft for planet exploration and to detect archaeological sites and locate other buried or submerged objects .
What has prevented them being used for identifying heart conditions is their size and high cost along with the specialist skill needed to operate them .
Using them to examine a patient would involve containing the person within a magnetic shield to cut out other electrical interference .
Professor Ben Varcoe , who is leading the research team at Leeds , said : " The new system gets round previous difficulties by putting the actual detector in its own magnetic shield .
The sensor placed over the area being examined lives outside the shielded area and transmits signals into the detector .
" The sensor head is made up of a series of coils that cancel out unwanted signals and amplifies the signals that are needed .
So the tiny magnetic fields produced by a person 's heart can be transmitted into the heavily shielded environment .
What we 've been able to do is combine existing technology from the areas of atomic physics and medical physics in a completely unique way . "
Like all parts of the body , the heart produces its own distinctive magnetic ' signature ' .
The research team has demonstrated that their magnetometer - developed as part of their work in the area of quantum physics - can reveal tiny variations in that signature .
Studying these variations can , in turn , reveal the presence of a cardiac condition .
The team is now working on miniaturising the magnetometer for widespread medical use .
The device could be ready for use in routine diagnosis in around three years .
" Early detection of heart conditions improves the prospects for successful treatment .
This system will also quickly identify people who need immediate treatment , " added Professor Varcoe .
" But our device wo n't just benefit patients - it will also help ease the strain on healthcare resources and hospital waiting lists . "
Listen to a podcast about the device on our Pioneer Podcast page on iTunes or alternatively , watch it on our Youtube or Vimeo channels .
For more information
Contact Professor Ben Varcoe , School of Physics and Astronomy , University of Leeds , tel : 0113 343 8290 , E-mail : b.varcoe@leeds.ac.uk .
Alternatively , contact University of Leeds press office on 0113 343 4031 or email pressoffice@leeds.ac.uk .
Images are available from the EPSRC Press Office , tel : 01793 444404 or e-mail : pressoffice@epsrc.ac.uk
Notes for Editors
The device is expected to be particularly effective at detecting ischaemia , a condition where blood supply to an area of the body becomes inadequate due to a blockage of the blood vessels .
It could also shorten surgical procedures for people suffering from arrhythmia - a very common condition where the patient has an irregular heartbeat .
Currently , the condition is corrected by surgery which can last several hours .
Much of the time is spent trying to identify which heart node needs to be cauterised .
Scanning the heart with the new device during the operation would offer a much quicker way of pinpointing the correct node , reducing the length of the whole procedure by 80 % .
The team working on the magnetometer has included specialists in electronics , precision measurement and optical fibre technology , as well as physicists .
The instrument also has potential to be adapted to detect abnormalities in other organs , such as the brain .
The original research project from which the clinical magnetometer is a spin - off was called ' Creating Long Chain Entanglement Using a Phase Sensitive Micromaser ' ; this initiative received EPSRC funding of just over £ 450,000 .
An EPSRC - funded graduate student at the University of Leeds , Melody Blackman , is now playing a key role in developing the miniaturised version of the original magnetometer for clinical use .
The breakthrough is all the more remarkable as it came about quite unexpectedly .
According to Professor Ben Varcoe , the team behind it was working on a very different area of research .
" We were undertaking quantum physics research into Schrí¶dinger 's cat paradox - a paradox first put forward to challenge assumptions made by Einstein in his Special Theory of Relativity , " says Professor Varcoe .
" We used laser spectroscopy * * as part of this work but noticed that the results contained some noise , which we identified as a very weak magnetic field .
So we developed a highly sensitive magnetometer to help us understand this noise source .
But when I attended a conference in Australia , it came to my attention that the magnetometer could also contribute to healthcare . "
* A magnetometer is an instrument that measures magnetic fields .
** Spectroscopy is the study of the interaction between radiation and matter .
In laser spectroscopy , pulsed lasers are used to excite the molecules contained in the matter , and this enables the interaction to be observed .
Quantum physics is the study of ' quanta ' .
As described by what is known as quantum theory , quanta are discrete , indivisible units of energy .
Other spin - offs from EPSRC - funded quantum physics work at the University of Leeds include a new type of cryostat that can cool anything placed in it down to 0.3 °C above absolute zero ( minus 273°C ) .
This cryostat can be used in many applications , including semi-conductor processing and X - ray spectroscopy .
Cheap to run and easy to handle , it eliminates the need to use large vats of expensive , difficult - to - handle coolants ( e.g. liquid helium ) .
The quantum physics work could also lead to the development of a new breed of ultra-powerful quantum computers which work much quicker than conventional computers .
They could also prove particularly useful in securely encrypting financial and other sensitive data transmitted between banking institutions , for example .
The 2008 Research Assessment Exercise showed the University of Leeds to be the UK 's eighth biggest research powerhouse .
The University is one of the largest higher education institutions in the UK and a member of the Russell Group of research - intensive universities .
The University 's vision is to secure a place among the world 's top 50 by 2015 .
The Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council ( EPSRC ) is the UK's main agency for funding research in engineering and the physical sciences .
The EPSRC invests around £ 850 million a year in research and postgraduate training , to help the nation handle the next generation of technological change .
The areas covered range from information technology to structural engineering , and mathematics to materials science .
MENU
Sales office open Monday - Friday , 8 am - 5 pm Cargo Van Sales Inventory
Top Ten Reasons to Buy From Us ... People love us on Yelp !
No commissioned salespeople = no-hassle buying
All prices clearly posted
Half our sales are to repeat customers and referrals
Family operated since 1948
Each vehicle is thoroughly inspected and serviced
Largest selection of pre-owned commercial vehicles in Northern California .
Purchasing pre-owned means somebody else takes the depreciation hit
Financing at competitive rates .
Click here for a credit application
We can ship anywhere .
Contact us for a shipping quote
Cargo Vans for Sale
Hengehold Trucks has the largest selection of pre-owned commercial vehicles in Northern California .
We sell high - quality vehicles for all your transport needs .
Cargo vans are a very popular class of vehicle we offer .
Ranging from ½- ton standard length to ¾- ton standard length to extended length , we have the cargo vans to meet your requirements .
Our cargo vans are available in a wide array of prices and brands ( Ford , Chevrolet , GMC , Ram ) .
Contact us today to begin the process of purchasing your very own cargo van .
See below for the Top Ten Reasons to Buy From Us , and a list of cargo vans we currently have for sale .
New detailed images of Saturn 's icy moon released this week provide the latest evidence that the surface may be hospitable to life .
NASA said on Tuesday that a flyby of planet 's Enceladus moon showed small jets of water spewing from the southern hemisphere , while infrared mapping of the surface revealed temperatures warmer than previously expected .
The huge amount of heat pouring out of the tiger stripe fractures may be enough to melt the ice underground , said John Spencer , a composite infrared spectrometer team member based at Southwest Research Institute in Boulder , Colo .
Results like this make Enceladus one of the most exciting places we 've found in the solar system .
In the measurements , peak temperatures along Baghdad Sulcus exceed 180 Kelvin ( minus 135 degrees Fahrenheit ) , and may be higher than 200 Kelvin ( minus 100 degrees Fahrenheit ) .
The fractures are chilly by Earth standards , but they 're a cozy oasis compared to the numbing 50 Kelvin ( - 370 Fahrenheit ) of their surroundings , Spencer explained .
Although the temperature estimate is not yet definitive , the hotter the surface temperature makes for a hotter interior , strengthening the chances of pools of liquid water inside the moon .
That would also increase the likelihood life could be present in the interior as well .
And if true , this makes Enceladus ' organic - rich , liquid sub - surface environment the most accessible extraterrestrial watery zone known in the solar system , said Carolyn Porco another NASA specialist .
The Nov. 21 flyby was the eighth targeted encounter with Enceladus .
It took the spacecraft to within about 1,600 kilometers ( 1,000 miles ) of the moon 's surface .
NASA , the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency are cooperating on the project .
This blog is
Dragon ’s Lair Comics and Fantasy® .
They do , however , pay me to write on their blog about games , books , toys , etc. that they sell .
If you would like to support this blog , please consider using
while shopping at Amazon .
Thanks !
SUPERMARKET NEWS FORECASTS NON - GMO UPRISING
By Jeffrey Smith
January 17 , 2010
NewsWithViews.com
For a couple of years , the Institute for Responsible Technology has predicted that the US would soon experience a tipping point of consumer rejection against genetically modified foods ; a change we 're all helping to bring about .
Now a December article in Supermarket News supports both our prediction and the role the Institute is playing .
" The coming year promises to bring about a greater , more pervasive awarenes " of the genetically modified organisms ( GMOs ) in our food supply , wrote Group Editor Robert Vosburgh , in a trade publication that conventional food executives and retailers use as a primary source of news and trends in the industry .
Vosburgh describes how previous food " culprits " like fat and carbs " can even define the decade in which they were topical , " and suggests that GMOs may finally burst through into the public awareness and join their ranks .
Vosburgh credits two recent launches with " the potential to spark a new round of concern among shoppers who are today much more attuned to the ways their food is produced . "
One is our Institute 's new non-GMO website , which , he says , " provides consumers with a directory of non-GMO brands . . . developed ‘ for the 53 % of Americans who say they would avoid GMOs if labeled . ' "
The other launch is the Non-GMO Project , offering " the country 's first consensus - based guidelines , which include third - party certification and a uniform seal for approved products .
. . .
The organization also requires documented traceability and segregation to ensure the tested ingredients are what go into the final product . "
He alerts supermarket executives that , " the growth of the organic ( which bans GMO ingredients ) , local and green product categories reflects a generation of consumers who could be less tolerant of genetic modification . "
Please allow me to sit back with an I - told - you - so grin of satisfaction .
Two years ago , I wrote a newsletter article describing three components that would move the market on GMOs :
1 . The Non-GMO Project 's new " widely accepted definition for non-GMO " would spark a GMO cleanout , starting with the brands in the natural food industry .
Our Institute endorses the Non-GMO Project and encourages food companies to enroll their products with this excellent nonprofit organization .
Their official seal was introduced in October 2009 and has quickly become the national standard for meaningful non-GMO claims .
2. " Providing clear Non-GMO product choices " with our Non-GMO Shopping Guide would make it easier for consumers to select " non-GMO products by brand and category . "
The same Guide is available as a website , a spread in magazines , a pocket guide , a two - sided download , and coming soon , a mobile phone application .
3. " Educating Health - Conscious Shoppers " about the health effects of GMOs is the key means by which GMOs will become a marketing liability — the next culprit .
Advertisement
Past culprits drove the market because of consumer beliefs that were unhealthy .
In the same way , evidence demonstrating the health dangers of GMOs is already igniting an anti-GMO fever .
In 2009 , for example , the prestigious American Academy of Environmental Medicine urged doctors to prescribe non-GMO diets for all patients , based on evidence that GMOs fed to lab animals triggered diseases and disorders .
GMO Rejection Will Be Widespread
The prognosis in Supermarket News overlooks critical differences between GMOs and the other culprits .
Fats , carbs , salt , and sugar each offer unmistakable consumer appeal .
As a result , food companies offer options with them , without them , and at low levels .
Genetically modified ( GM ) foods , however , do n't offer a single consumer benefit .
The five major GMOs — soy , corn , cottonseed , canola , and sugar beets — are gene - spliced to either tolerate poisonous herbicides , or produce poisonous insecticides .
Consumers never clamor for them .
Also unlike the other culprits , companies can usually eliminate GMOs without even changing recipes .
Purchasers can simply instruct suppliers to provide the non-GMO soy and corn derivatives , the non-GMO sugar , etc. , as Trader Joe 's and Whole Foods have already done for their home brands .
Therefore , when major food companies notice even tiny losses in market share , their GMO cleanout will be widespread .
Kraft Foods and others will recognize that the same consumer trend that forced them to remove all GM ingredients in Europe and Japan has reared its head in the States .
Consumer Opinion Already Poised Against Biotech
We 're already seeing the momentum build against genetically engineered bovine growth hormone .
Wal - Mart , Starbucks , Dannon , Yoplait , and most dairies have shunned the controversial drug that is now synonymous with " increased cancer risk " in the minds of many consumers .
( The recent condemnation of the hormone by the American Public Health Association will help nail its coffin shut . )
In the case of GMOs , the proportion of US consumers needed to avoid brands that contain GM soy and corn , etc. is quite small — probably only 5 % .
That means that the purchasing power ( and trend setting ability ) of 15 million people or 5.6 million households can turn GMOs into a marketing liability .
But when you look at the numbers , no matter how you slice it , they add up to a coming non-GMO tidal wave .
About 28 million health - conscious Americans regularly buy organic .
About 87 million are strongly opposed to GM foods and believe they are unsafe .
And 159 million say they would avoid GMOs if labeled .
While most people do not conscientiously avoid brands with GM ingredients , its usually because they do n't know how .
That 's where our Non-GMO Shopping Guide comes in — disseminated far and wide in 2010 .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
The Japanese Language Proficiency Test ( JLPT ) level 1 exam , the highest level of 4 , has attracted note after apparently including a listening comprehension exam in which “ Asuka ” begs for number 4 mobile fighter launch permission …
The JLPT is easily the most widely recognised and officially sanctioned Japanese language qualification , and level 1 is held to be at or near native level ; even many Japanese consider the test hard ( although “ filled with obscure language irrelevant to normal usage ” might be more accurate ) .
However , as with many such language tests it is possible to study for and pass the test and yet still be hopeless in real - world situations …
The listening exam , presented as a “ radio drama , ” apparently features “ Asuka ” begging to be allowed to launch her unit :
Player 1
A transcript of the test :
ラジオでドラマを聞いています。 番組の中では誰がどうすることになりましたか。
「 隊長、第二次防衛線が突破されました。巨大怪獣は真っ直ぐ中央管理システムに向かってます。
このままではあと30分も持ちません。 」 「 今出せるモビルファイターは？ 」 「 零号機だけです。 」 「 やむをえん、四号機を出すぞ。 」 「 四号機はまだテストが完了していません。それに操縦できるパイロットが現在誰も。 」
「 零号機では奴の侵入は防ぎきれん。ここは私が行く。 」
「 隊長自ら？！でもその怪我では四号機の加速に耐えられません。 」 「 私が行きます 」 「 アスカ！ 」 「 私なら四号機を操れます。お願いです。行かせてください。 」
「 だがお前はまだ訓練中の身だ。今は子供の出る幕じゃないぞ！ 」
「 そんなこと言ってる場合じゃない！ 」 「 おい！アスカ！待て！ 」 四号機発射準備完了しました 「 アスカ、頼んだぞ 」 番組の中では誰がどうすることになりましたか ①隊長が零号機で行きます ②隊長が四号機で行きます ③女の人が零号機で行きます ④女の人が四号機で行きます
Otaku will doubtless be delighted at how the test now caters to their vast anime - watching body of knowledge , and those who fully comprehend this might be able to approach the test …
2 ch ’s response :
What ?
This must be a lie …
With something like this even amongst Japanese only an anime otaku could grasp the situation .
Awfully high level Japanese indeed .
Just where would you use Japanese like this !?
Probably a lot of Japanese would make mistakes here .
What ’s up with this test ?
Shall I take it ?
Is it useful ?
Try taking it , even Japanese can fail it : What … I got it wrong .
Anyone who ca n’t understand this is in serious trouble I think …
Take a boring photo with your 50 mm f/1.8 prime wide open , with a small sliver of your subject in focus .
Leave large portions of the subject outside of the focal plane , regardless of how important or interesting they are .
Rotate the camera 30 degrees before shooting .
Square - crop .
Oversaturate or slightly desaturate .
Tint red to look old .
Under no circumstances should you apply a neutral white balance .
Blow out the highlights .
Add a very strong fake vignette .
Finish it off with a fake Polaroid frame .
For bonus points , overlay a pithy , emotional sentence , preferably about a failed romance .
Ideally , the overlay should be in white Helvetica .
You ’ll be popular in no time .
Media companies ’ campaign against internet piracy suffered a major setback last week when a federal court judgement let internet service providers off the hook for their customers ’ illegal downloads .
But the copyright wars are more than just a matter for the courts , write Julian Thomas and Ramon Lobato
THE PERTH - BASED internet service provider iiNet , which won a remarkable victory against Hollywood in the federal court last week , used to advertise its various broadband plans on commercial radio .
Their ads began , “ The question is , how big is a Gig ? ”
The answer : “ A Gig is about 500 hi-res photos or about 300 songs or five episodes of the Golden Girls .
At iiNet we explain this to you so you can choose a broadband plan that ’s right for you ... it ’s not the size of the Gig , it ’s how you choose to use it . ”
During the case , iiNet ’s CEO Michael Malone was apologetic about the ad .
Was the last sentence the key point – that subscribers control what they do online ?
Or was iiNet really saying to its customers , we can help you steal Golden Girls episodes , and any other movies or music you want , and we ’ll let you know when you ’ve reached your quota ?
Fortunately for Australian ISPs , Justice Cowdroy thought differently : the Golden Girls reference was not an incitement to piracy , but a joke about the improbability of anyone wanting to download the Golden Girls .
The iiNet case is interesting in many respects , and not only as an instance of pragmatic legal reasoning combined with an impressive grasp of contemporary viewing preferences .
It shows how copyright law has become a treacherous battleground between the internet and entertainment industries , each armed with completely different conceptions of the internet .
Where the screen industries see a crime scene , replete with the evidence of wanton theft and destruction , ISPs see a basic service industry connecting customers to vital information resources all over the world .
From the point of view of the movie industries , the ISPs were there at the scene of the crime , profited from it , and are complicit in it .
Someone must be responsible for the losses of the industry , and the ISPs are a better target than the innumerable individuals who have actually done the downloading .
From the point of view of the ISPs , movies , pirated and not , and the means to get hold of them , can indeed be found on the internet , along with virtually everything else .
Adult users make decisions about what they do online and must be responsible for their actions .
In 2009 , when this case was just beginning , Communications Minister Stephen Conroy made some surprising remarks at an industry conference to the effect that iiNet ’s defence belonged in an episode of Yes Minister .
Last week , in the light of what he called iiNet ’s “ decisive victory , ” he expressed his regret that the parties had not been able to talk through their differences earlier , and suggested that a code of conduct for ISPs , agreed with the screen industries , would be the best solution .
A settlement of that kind might still be reached .
But the judge ’s comments in this case underline the difficulties of this kind of approach : copyright infringement is not as simple a matter as the studios suggest , and policing it would be very difficult .
The studios made copyright the focus of this battle , and copyright may now make the battle unwinnable .
How did it come to this ?
The answer lies in that particular Hollywood world view , and its roots in the history of the movie business .
Despite its love for the next big thing and the latest special effects , Hollywood is a slow - moving beast .
In some senses it is still living in the 1930s , the golden age of classical Hollywood cinema .
This was a time when the vertically integrated studios made their movies in - house , had long - term contracts with stars , and controlled the cinemas that screened their films .
The public had no choice but to see what local cinemas screened , and cinemas had no choice but to screen what the studios supplied .
This all changed with the invention of television , which brought movies to millions of households for the first time , and then again in the late 1970s when home video appeared on the scene .
The mass take - up of video was a major drama for studio executives , who were slow to recognise its potential value and feared that it would cannibalise their revenue from cinemas .
The 1980s witnessed many public battles between Hollywood and VCR manufacturers and software producers , most notably in the Sony vs Betamax case , when the studios ’ key lobbyist Jack Valenti famously pronounced that “ The VCR is to the American film producer and the American public as the Boston Strangler is to the woman home alone . ”
This hyperbole died down once the studios came around to the idea of video as an additional sales outlet which could be slotted into their existing distribution system .
But even then the transition was not easy , and the studios detested the idea of losing control over their distribution pipelines .
The movie industry ’s dealings with ISPs reflect this history , and their argument throughout the iiNet case is in line with their longstanding belief that watching a movie through channels outside their own distribution network is unlawful .
Through careful and concerted lobbying , the copyright industries have created an environment in which only a limited range of listening and viewing options – such as paying to see a movie in a multiplex or watching advertiser - supported content on commercial TV – are legitimate .
Circulating content outside this framework is “ leakage ” at best , or “ theft ” at worst .
This approach means that Hollywood always seems to be on the defensive .
It is as though their entire business were a leaky bucket , and their task is to madly plug up the holes with whatever they can find to do the job – prosecuting individual pirates or ISPs , installing anti-copying software on DVDs , raiding street markets , lobbying for ever tougher legislation , and so on .
In this way , they can present themselves as the underdogs in a battle to protect the livelihoods of the artists they represent .
Of course , this is great PR for the studios , which are not known for their good corporate citizenship .
Recent anti-piracy ad campaigns invite us to think about “ what we ’re really burning ” and attempt to localise the issue by making a direct link between piracy and loss of jobs for Australian camera operators , scriptwriters and make - up artists .
Personal appeals from figures such as Margaret Pomeranz and Joel Edgerton drive the point home : piracy is killing the Australian film industry .
This is powerful rhetoric , but it relies on a simplistic understanding of how media industries work and how media circulates .
The leaky bucket scenario only makes sense if we keep our mindset locked into an old - Hollywood framework – a locked down model of distribution in which the only legitimate kind of consumption is licensed and paid for .
The problem for the studios is that media has never circulated like this .
The current era of strict copyright enforcement is a historical anomaly .
Until relatively recently , what we now call piracy was the norm rather than the exception .
IF WE BEGIN our history of the film industry in 1900 rather than the 1930s , for example , then we get a very different image of how the film industry operates .
Early Hollywood was a hotbed of copyright infringement .
Piracy was so common that film companies would make sure their trademarks appeared in the background of key scenes so that their films could not be passed off as those of a rival producer .
This scenario has come full - circle in the age of viral online video , when advertisers use product - placement in popular YouTube clips as a way to make money from unauthorised circulation , which they see as not only inevitable but desirable .
Increasingly complex intellectual property laws have done little to alter the fact that words , pictures and sound circulate in ways that exceed and frustrate regulation .
In copyright law these are seen as infringements of the rights of content owners , but sometimes it may be more useful to recognise these as inevitable features of the media .
Sharing a movie , like other informal forms of media circulation , may or may not be “ piracy ” , but that may not be the most important fact about it .
This conceptual short - circuit reflects the degree to which the copyright industries have set the terms of the piracy “ debate ” , which rarely strays far from an over - simplified understanding of how media industries work .
The piracy discussion has been a series of moves and counter - moves around the same old leaky bucket argument , an argument defined by the copyright industries rather than by audiences .
Moving away from the leakage scenario produces quite a different understanding of what media is , how it circulates , and how it should be regulated .
The fact is that paid consumption is only one part of a much larger media ecosystem .
Take music , for example : we listen to it in shops , at restaurants , in workplaces ; songs appear in TV shows , advertisements , jingles ; people make mix -tapes and swap tracks with each other .
Some of these activities generate revenues for copyright holders , others do not .
But all are integral to our immersion in a musical culture , and they help us become lifelong music listeners and consumers .
Unfortunately , the debate about copyright tends not to acknowledge the importance of this informal consumption .
Nor does big media , which is suspicious of any activity from which they do not directly benefit .
Yet informal circulation , generally unlicensed and unmanaged , is one of the foundations of paid consumption .
It is absolutely vital to the long - term sustainability of cultural industries .
This is why we now need to expand our view of what constitutes media business .
A teenager who listens to illegally downloaded MP3s of her favourite band may also be a proudly paid - up member of their fan club , own several items of legally purchased merchandise , and be a paying regular at every gig .
Yet the music industry ’s refusal to acknowledge the role of informal circulation means that it ca n’t acknowledge these other potential sources of revenue .
This studied ignorance does little to help record companies out of their current structural crisis .
The same is true of film .
The Motion Picture Association of America , which represents the major studios , spends much of its time condemning the high rates of DVD piracy in the developing world .
But many of these black economies for pirated Hollywood movies will one day ripen into legitimate markets .
As the media critic Toby Miller argues , piracy breeds the “ Hollywood habit ” : it familiarises global audiences with American cinema and promotes a lifelong love of Hollywood products .
China is a good example here .
Though it is the target of the MPAA ’s most vociferous criticism , the People ’s Republic is also an increasingly profitable market for the studios .
Box office takings in China rose 44 per cent last year , on the back of a construction boom in multiplex cinemas .
Hollywood will share in the benefits of that growing market , even though US films are still subject to an import quota .
Yet none of this would have been possible were it not for a generation of Chinese consumers raised on pirate DVDs of Hollywood movies .
Mainstream media businesses benefit from informal media activity in other ways as well .
Informal fan networks have long provided studios with valuable market intelligence and ideas for new products .
More recently , the rise of social media and Web 2.0 has been driven by the perceived need to draw upon the creativity of amateurs to sustain and grow markets for commercial media products .
While Hollywood sometimes paints broadband - enabled teenagers as the enemy , the same people are at the heart of its business strategy .
The formal and informal economies of media are overlapping and interdependent .
The challenges for the media industries now are not problems of law or policy ; they are to do with adjusting highly structured distribution systems and market strategies to the pace of technological change .
Existing copyright protections already provide more than enough shelter for these businesses ; it should be plain that the solutions will not be found in the courts .
It is not that the industry must now admit the importance of informal circulation .
But they would do well to accept its existence , and work with it . •
Due to boring circumstances beyond my control , I will not be online much in February .
Fortunately I ’ve been able to line up a number of stellar guests to fill in for me .
Most are writers , but I also thought it would be fun to get some publishing types to explain what it is they do , teach you some more about the industry , and answer your questions , as well as one or two bloggers .
Today we have an editor , Alvina Ling , who ’s more than happy to take your questions about her job of editing .
Remember , that she ’s writing specifically about what it ’s like to work in publishing in the USA .
The job of editing is different in different countries .
I ’m hoping to be able to bring you a post by some Australian editors to give you a sense of some of those differences .
Enjoy today ’s wonderfully informative post .
– – –
Alvina Ling is a Senior Editor at Little , Brown Books for Young Readers where she has worked for over ten years .
She has also been a bookseller for Barnes and Noble , and interned at the Horn Book and in the children ’s room of the New York Public Library .
She edits children ’s books for all ages , from picture books to young adult novels , with some nonfiction mixed in .
Some of the books she has edited include Where the Mountain Meets the Moon by Grace Lin ; Wabi Sabi by Mark Reibstein , illustrated by Ed Young ; The Curious Garden by Peter Brown ; Eggs by Jerry Spinelli , North of Beautiful by Justina Chen Headley , Geektastic by Holly Black and Cecil Castellucci , and the upcoming Guardian of the Dead by Karen Healey ( April ) .
She can be found at her blogs bluerosegirls and bloomabilities as well as her twitter feed .
My job as a children ’s book editor
Hi all !
I ’m honored to be a guest blogger here .
Justine has asked me to give you folks an idea of what the job of a children ’s book editor entails .
Warning : this is not going to be a short post .
But I do hope it will be an informative one .
I ’d say the job of a children ’s book editor consists mainly of :
Emailing , project management , acquisition of book projects , meetings , preparing for meetings , cheerleading , reading , selling , networking , juggling , negotiating , more emailing .
Oh yeah — and editing .
Basically , the role of an editor in terms of the publishing process is that of a project manager , with books being the “ project . ”
Publishers generally publish their books according to lists .
Little , Brown has two lists a year : Spring / Summer and Fall / Winter .
I generally handle five to eight titles per list , or ten to sixteen per year .
As the editor , I ’m involved every step of the way .
I also think of the editor as being a juggler — we have to keep multiple projects moving at the same time .
And if you imagine juggling objects that change each time they reach your hands , that ’s kind of what the publishing process is like .
For example , we review a first draft of a manuscript , and then a second , and then a third , and eventually a final draft .
Then it goes to copyediting where it changes again .
Then it goes to Design and Production and it changes again .
I review each stage of the project until we end up with the final book , working closely with copyediting , design , and production .
My duties also include things such as writing catalog and jacket copy , presenting my books at Sales meetings , coordinating with marketing and publicity , and in general just being the go - to person for my titles .
Right now , I ’m working on editing the novels on my Spring / Summer 2011 list , while at the same time reviewing 1st - pass pages ( this is when the book is designed and typeset so it looks like the finished book will look like ) of novels on my Fall / Winter 2010 list .
I ’m also reviewing color proof of my Fall / Winter 2010 picture books , and manuscripts and sketches for my Spring / Summer 2011 picture books .
And while I ’m doing all of this , I ’m reading submissions and looking to acquire books for future lists .
If you ’re curious about what my typical workday is like , check out this blog post .
Okay , are you back ?
I hope that did n’t make you too tired .
I ’d like to talk a little bit more about the two jobs of an editor that everyone knows about , the two roles that are perhaps the most “ glamorous . ”
The first is the acquiring of books , and the second is the actual editing of books .
How I acquire a book :
Little , Brown is a closed house , which means that we only accept agented submissions .
However , I ’ll also sometimes approach authors directly — for example , if I ’m a fan of an adult author I may write to him or her and ask if they ’ve ever wanted to write a children ’s book .
I may write to journalists who have written an article I ’ve liked .
I might also pitch ideas to established authors that I want to work with ( an example of this is the project I recently acquired from Barry Lyga , I HUNT KILLERS .
Read more about this book here . )
I ’ll also go to writers ’ conferences and invite the conference - goers to submit to me .
But mainly I ’m continually getting to know agents and making sure they know my taste in books so they ’ll send the appropriate submissions to me .
So , let ’s say I read something I love and want to acquire — I ’ll need to bring it to our editorial meeting to get additional editorial reads .
If it gets positive reads , then it also needs to be supported by our editorial director ( for novels ) or editor - in - chief ( for picture books ) before it goes to our acquisitions meeting .
This is the meeting run by our publisher and attended by all the directors —
Sales , Marketing , Publicity , School and Library Marketing , and so on .
Sure , sometimes I pine for the old days when editors can decide on their own if they want to acquire a book ( and this certainly is still the case at some publishing houses , although it ’s rare ) , but I do think there are advantages to this so - called “ Publishing by Committee . ”
There are a lot of materials that have to be prepared for this meeting a week in advance , including a profit and loss report ( P&L — basically shows us if we ’d make money if we publish the book ) , our cover letter with a summary of the project and my pitch , selling handles , competitive titles , etc .
It can take my assistant and me anywhere from two hours to days to prepare the materials for this meeting .
I also spend about an hour the day of the meeting preparing for how I ’m going to present the project , writing down my “ speech ” and key points .
I try to anticipate what the objections might be to a project and be prepared to counter them .
At the acquisitions stage , I always have two hats on : my editorial hat , and my sales hat .
Because projects are never completely ready for publication at acquisitions stage , I have to make sure that the committee understands my vision for the project .
I ’ll oftentimes include some basic editorial notes with the proposal so they can see the types of things I hope to work with the author on before publication .
In terms of my sales hat , I try to come up with a sales pitch , like someone would pitch a TV show or movie .
A couple of real pitches I ’ve made for books are “ Juno meets Stargirl ” ( SORTA LIKE A ROCK STAR by Matthew Quick , pubbing in May ) and “ Donnie Darko meets Charlie Kaufman meets the Matrix . ” ( FADE TO BLUE by Sean Beaudoin ) I also pitched WHERE THE MOUNTAIN MEETS THE MOON by Grace Lin ( which just won the Newbery Honor — yay ! ) as the Chinese Wizard of Oz .
I also have to think about things like , “ where would this be shelved in the store ? ” and “ who is the audience ? ” I try to think of as many selling handles as possible , such as “ perfect for holiday promotions ” or “ author ’s blog gets 1,000 hits a day . ”
Sometimes they ’re silly , like , “ Ninjas are the new Pirates ! ” and sometimes serious , like “ tackles the important topic of verbal abuse , an issue that is not widely known about or understood . ”
How I edit :
Once a project is under contract , the first step is to actually edit the book and work on it with the author .
The legendary editor Richard Jackson , who edited Judy Blume , Paula Fox , and Virginia Hamilton , said this of editors : “ Editors are n’t nobodies .
They are of use ; they should be goads , good listeners , and allies — though invisible in the published work . ”
Basically , I believe that the role of the editor is to act as the reader–a very careful and discerning reader .
Over my ten years as an editor , I ’ve developed my own editing process , which is basically a five - step process .
I ’ve already written about this on one of my other blogs , so if you ’re interested in reading more about my process , read this .
One thing that complicates this process is that at the same time I ’m editing one novel over and over , I ’m also editing all of the other books on that same list .
And because I may have up to eight books on one list , it ’s a real juggling act ( gee , I wish I actually knew how to juggle ! ) .
Edit , send letter , get in revision , edit , send letter , get in revision of other novel , edit , send editorial notes for third novel , get in revision of second novel , edit picture book text , review sketches for picture book , read , edit , send letter , review revised sketches , lather , rinse , repeat , review final art for picture book , review third revision of second novel , etc. etc .
Final manuscripts are due to copyediting about a year before the pub date , so in April for Spring / Summer books , and October for Fall / Winter books .
As you can imagine , the two months or so leading up to those months are especially hectic .
This editorial process repeats until the manuscript is “ done . ”
Generally , the first editorial letters are more general , and as we go I get more nitpicky about the little things , and the last edit is just “ clean - up ” of all of the little things that are left .
I ’ve never taken less than two rounds , and on average it takes three or four , oftentimes more .
And I put “ done ” in quotations because sometimes it feels like it ’s never really done to the author–they want to keep tweaking and revising .
I love the editing process — I love diving into a meaty novel with an author , I love how we work together to make the novel stronger .
However , I would say considering the scope of my job , the actual editing part is probably only 10 % of my job .
The reading submissions part is also just about 10 % of the job .
I remember thinking that as an editor I ’d just be reading all day .
Nope !
This is getting long , so I ’ll wrap things up .
As I said earlier , the editor is the project manager .
Or if you compare it to the movie business , my job would be closest to the director / producer .
I ’m also sometimes the casting agent , as on occasion I have to choose illustrators to match with a picture book text .
As an editor , I have to wear many different hats — a marketing hat , sales hat , designer hat , business hat , and more .
There are things I dislike about my job : I hate negotiating contracts .
I hate not having enough time to do everything I have to do in a timely manner .
And most of all , I hate having to decline manuscripts and stomp on people ’s hopes and dreams .
If you ’re interested in becoming a children ’s book editor as a career , be prepared to do all of this .
Be prepared for the job to take over your life — I ’m constantly struggling with my work / life balance .
Be prepared to work nights and weekends , and for not that much pay .
But also be prepared to love your job , to be fulfilled .
I love working with books .
I love working with others who love books .
I love making people ’s dreams come true .
I love helping to create books — love holding the finished book in my hands for the first time .
I love working with authors and illustrator and agents .
I love being the cheerleader for my authors and books .
I love knowing that children and teens out there are reading books that I ’ve edited .
I ’m awed by the responsibility , and hopeful that the books I edit are affecting readers positively .
Children ’s book publishing is my life , and it ’s a good thing that I love it !
I ’m happy to answer questions .
My apologies if my answers are delayed . . .
I have a busy workday , after all !
Thanks for this opportunity , Justine .
Thank you all for welcoming me !
Work at PCC
" What draws us to this work is the opportunity to change lives . " – PCC President Mark Mitsui Equitable student success is at the heart of everything we do at PCC .
We are committed to creating an inclusive and welcoming environment for everyone who works , visits , and learns at the college .
PCC has multiple locations throughout the Portland , Oregon metro- area — one of the fastest - growing and most beautiful cities in the nation .
PCC employees can take advantage of the college 's many wellness opportunities .
Join our team
As Oregon ’s largest post - secondary institution , no single educational resource is more vital to our region than Portland Community College .
We serve nearly 80,000 individual learners each year , creating educational possibilities for every student who wants to learn .
PCC is seeking talented , hard - working individuals to join our growing team .
We value collaboration , community , creativity , leadership and inclusion .
As a PCC team member , you will join a dynamic group of more than 2,000 employees who believe that education is the path to a brighter future .
Do n’t see what you ’re looking for right now ?
To add yourself to our future job opportunity notification list , visit the PCC Career Site and click the “ connect with us ” link on the left side of the page .
Complete your application
PCC has launched a new application system – you can now set up PCC Job Alerts , apply by uploading your resume , and enable a profile so that we can contact you about future jobs !
Complete your application »
Note :
If you applied before October 22 , 2018 , you will no longer be able to access your application online .
Please contact us at pccjobs@pcc.edu , and we will be happy to help you .
Diversity matters at Portland Community College Recruiter hired to advance equity in hiring
PCC Benefits
PCC offers a comprehensive benefit package designed to provide employees and their families , including domestic partners , with a broad range of employer paid and employee paid benefit options .
Depending on employment classification , benefits may include Health , Dental and Vision options , Group Life and Accidental Death and Dismemberment insurance , Long Term Care insurance , Long Term Disability , Employee Assistance Program , Oregon Public Service Retirement Plan , Tax Deferred Retirement Savings opportunities ( 457 plan and 403b plan ) , access to Library and Sports Facilities , and Tuition Waiver for employees and eligible family members to use toward classes at PCC .​
PCC offers paid leave , which may include accrued vacation , sick leave , personal leave and paid holidays .
Eligibility for benefits is defined by your job classification – see more detailed information .
Policies
Fort Lauderdale , Florida ( CNN ) -- Dayana and Moise smile as they shovel chips , with a mix of sand , into their mouths on a beach in Fort Lauderdale , Florida .
They dig in the sand and run from the waves .
The Haehre family looks like any other family on vacation , but this unplanned trip to Florida was where their brood grew from two children to four .
Mindy and Oyvind Haehre started the process to adopt siblings Dayana , now 7 years old , and Moise , 5 , from a Haitian orphanage in 2008 .
The adoption was to be completed next month when the family expected to move the children from a Port - au - Prince , Haiti , orphanage to their home in Loveland , Colorado .
But that orphanage partially collapsed in last week 's devastating earthquake .
All 25 children there survived , but they had to move out onto the street .
Search lists of the missing and the found
Mindy
Haehre said her family was lucky ; the good news about her children traveled quickly .
" We knew they were safe , " she said , " but still when your kids are in danger nothing can be good enough unless you are with them . "
The Haehres heard that Dayana and Moise might be among a small group of Haitian children whose adoptions were set that the U.S. military would fly to Florida .
So they packed up their other two children , Silje and Jakob , and caught a flight to Fort Lauderdale .
On Sunday as they checked into their hotel , the phone rang .
It was the call they were hoping for .
Their children were indeed among the small group of children from the orphanage being evacuated to the United States .
The flight was heading for an airport in central Florida .
The Haehres jumped in their rental car and drove about four hours north .
" We said their names and they looked over and their eyes got big and they got big smiles and they came over and hugged us and kissed us and just kept smiling , " Mindy Haehre said .
Big brother Jakob admitted he did n't enjoy the drive but said : " I was pretty excited .
It was really fun to know that I can bring them home . "
Dayana and Moise were already familiar with their new family .
They had met in Haiti several times while the adoption process was slowly moving along .
If there were any signs of trauma after the children 's ordeal , the Haehres said they did not see them .
Watch how the children had been living outside
" Within probably 10 minutes all four kids were running around the customs area of the airport , playing and being noisy and acting like kids , " Mindy Haehre said .
And being kids was exactly how they appeared on the beach in Fort Lauderdale .
Splashing , laughing and playing with language being no barrier for the four Haehre children .
With total US military spending now approaching ¾ of a trillion dollars per year - about as much as the rest of the world 's countries combined - cutting military spending is becoming an issue of concern for the peace movement and beyond , especially as the president has proposed a three - year freeze on domestic discretionary spending .
As much as one might work to reduce military and defense - related spending , there are powerful cultural influences embedded in our society which make if difficult to shift spending to underfunded domestic needs .
High among these influences is the symbiotic interconnection between sports and the armed forces .
Many major sports events start with such military displays as a precision flyover of jet fighters , the unfurling of a huge U.S. flag by members of the military services , the flag presentation by a military service color guard , or the singing of the National Anthem by individual or collective service members .
Besides these heavy overlays of military pageantry , sports announcers lavish praise on " Our brave men and women fighting for our freedom overseas . "
Never do we hear in what ways our freedoms as citizens are being enhanced by our involvement in military conflicts , the rationales for which have become increasingly strained .
It is not true that wars never enhance freedom , as , for example , millions were released from the oppressive control of their conquerors and / or occupiers when the Nazis and the Japanese nation were defeated .
Yet , due to intimidation preventing criticism of a nation 's war policies and the erosion of civil liberties premised on wartime exigencies , war negatively impacts the freedoms of the warring nation 's citizens .
A second powerful cultural influence is the rally around the commander - in - chief motif , a correlative to " Do n't change horses in the middle of the stream . "
This mode of thinking makes it difficult to divest ourselves of leaders who have embroiled the nation in military quagmires through devious , deeply flawed reasoning or even criminal means .
Another variety of groupthink which has become increasingly prevalent in recent history is to label as a hero anyone who serves in a combat zone .
I know that when I was in the U.S. Army during the Korean War , such uncritical hero worship was far from the norm .
Enlistees were treated with withering scorn by the far more numerous draftees and even the career military questioned the intelligence of those who voluntarily put their very lives in imminent risk .
It has also seemingly become mandatory for anyone interviewing a service member to thank him or her for service to the nation .
This cowed deference stems from charges that returning Vietnam War veterans were badly treated by the media .
It is a misfortune that military service has seemingly become designated as the only way one can serve the nation .
Surprisingly enough , even our National Anthem fosters the martial spirit among U.S. citizens .
In the months after 9/11 , whenever the National Anthem was played at a sporting event , the line which drew the most boisterous response was the one about bombs bursting in air .
The militaristic conditioning of our young is being fostered through penetration of military recruitment -- often insidiously hidden -- into our schools ; the interactive video game fairs featuring images of military offensive power ; and the displays of military hardware , employing spit - polished military personnel helping youngsters climb into tanks and warplane cockpits .
Shifting the focus from the cultural underpinnings of a militaristic society , the structure of the U.S. workforce is skewed toward the protectors versus the producers when the U.S. is measured against the other industrialized nations .
In a study published in 1992 * , three economists coined the term " garrison economy " -- also described as the cost of keeping people down .
The garrison economy encompasses " guard labor " and " threat labor . "
Guard labor includes the full range of enforcement activities necessary to maintain the peace : workplace supervisors , police , judicial and corrections employees , private security personnel , the armed forces , civilian defense employees , and producers of military and domestic security equipment .
Threat labor consists of those who make credible the peril of job dismissal : the unemployed , " discouraged workers " and prisoners .
There were two key findings in the study : 1 ) the U.S. ratio of one guard or threat laborer for every 2.3 civilian employees not engaged in maintaining order was the highest among the industrialized nations -- it also correlated with the slower rate of economic growth in the U.S. ; and 2 ) there was an inverse relationship between management size and productivity .
Thus , the U.S. , with 12.1 percent managers , had a productivity growth rate of 0.7 percent , while Japan , with 3.7 percent managers , had a productivity rate of 3.0 percent .
Finland , with only 3.0 percent in the managerial ranks , had a productivity growth rate of 3.6 percent .
A key question is :
Is a study done nearly two decades ago still valid today ?
Given the creation of the Department of Homeland Security , the subsequent explosive growth of security companies , the ongoing increase in military personnel and mercenary forces , the increase in the U.S. prison population to the highest level ever , and the extremely high levels of discouraged and unemployed workers in today 's workforce , all suggest that the ratio of guard and threat workers to civilian workers not engaged in maintaining order may be even higher than it was in the early 1990s .
In today 's recession , job creation is perhaps the most urgent priority in our economy .
A recent study by University of Massachusetts economists Robert Pollin and Heidi Garrett - Peltier ** found , similar to previous research over the last few decades , that public investment in military spending is about the worst way to create jobs , especially good - paying ones , and to stimulate the economy .
Instead , investment in clean energy , health care and education would all create more jobs and stimulate more economic activity .
In conclusion , deeply embedded cultural factors make it difficult to significantly reduce the size of the U.S. military establishment .
Also , a workforce structure premised so strongly on security fears results in more and more resources are being expended to protect less and less .
The time is ripe for a mass movement to challenge these factors and overwhelm militarism with peace and priorities that reflect a new understanding of human security , which would make us safer and strengthen the economy for everyone .
* Samuel Bowles , David M. Gordon and Thomas Weisskopf , " The Boom a Bust , " The Nation , February 10 , 1992 .
** " The U.S. Employment Effects of Military and Domestic Spending Priorities : An Updated Analysis " , Pollin and Garrett - Peltier , commissioned by the Institute for Policy Studies and Women 's Action for New Directions , 2009
Your Neighborhood Personal Injury Attorney
Santa Rosa Law Firm Fights for Sonoma County Accident Victims
Flahavan Law Offices has a proven record of commitment to clients from all walks of life .
Since opening our office in 2002 , we have successfully represented injury victims in Santa Rosa , Sonoma County and across Northern California in a wide variety of personal injury matters .
If you have been injured because of the negligence of another person , business or entity , you could have a viable claim to pursue compensatory damages .
Working with us , you will receive one - on - one legal counsel and committed representation on your case .
We are dedicated to keeping you involved and informed every step of the way .
Above everything , we care about our clients and want to ease the financial burden caused by someone else ’s wrongdoing .
Do n’t face your injuries alone .
Call us today at ( 707 ) 833-8614 for a case evaluation .
During your initial consultation , we will evaluate your claim free of charge .
We will help you understand your legal rights and the best options for your personal situation .
by
This is a comparison between the MyTouch 3G , the HTC Hero , the Motorola Milestone / Droid , the Samsung Galaxy , the Nexus One and the Acer Liquid
The AndroidHD Youtube channel has published this Android display comparison .
The Great “ Android phones ” War
Could it be that the display of the Nexus One is a little bit too red and the display of the Motorola Milestone is too dark plus the liquid got too much white ?
Enagdget thinks that the Google Nexus One has the best display
“ In our opinion , the Nexus One with its 3.7 - inch AMOLED display packing a 800 x 480 pixel resolution comes out on top with the best overall image ( though slightly on the red end of the color spectrum ) ”
Tell us your opinion in the comment area .
Friends of an Indian national who died after being stabbed on his way to work in Melbourne , say he feared for his safety following a previous attack .
Police believe the 21 - year - old was stabbed in a park at West Footscray last night , before he staggered to the fast food outlet where he worked , and collapsed .
He was taken to hospital but later died .
Police say there is nothing to suggest the stabbing was racially motivated .
But the man 's housemate , Parminder Singh , says his friend was nervous after being beaten up by a group of men at the Newport Railway Station .
" They were just drunk and they wanted to find anyone to beat , " he said .
" If they find someone alone they just beat [ them ] because they know nothing is going to happen after that .
" What will happen ?
Police will not do anything , they will just take them to the jail or just let them sit there , they will give them food and all facilities so they 're not scared of anything . "
Police Senior Sergeant Dave Snare says police have not found a weapon yet .
" We 've had forensic out at examining the scene out at Hungry Jacks and in the park and also , with the assistance of the SES , we 've done a line search through the park area , " he said .
Police are awaiting the results of a post mortem examination .
An autopsy will be carried out on the man 's body .
Charlie Brooker returns to wring more laughs from a hilariously troubled world , looking at some of the scariest news stories ever , and some jokes .
Congressman Barney Frank ( D - MA ) has the nation ’s largest mortgage lenders squarely in his sights , and he ’s aiming to take them down .
Backing what he called a “ piecemeal ” effort to reform how Americans purchase their homes , the Congressman said on Friday that the House Financial Services Committee , which he chairs , will likely move to abolish Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , two banks previously considered “ too big to fail . ”
In their place , he said , “ a whole new system of housing finance ” should rise .
ADVERTISEMENT
Both banks , which the Post characterized as “ behind most home loans , ” were seized by federal regulators in Sept. 2008 and have continued operations essentially as a “ public policy instrument , ” Frank explained weeks ago .
“ The remedy here is … as I believe this committee will be recommending , abolishing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in their current form and coming up with a whole new system of housing finance , ” he reportedly said on Friday .
In the wake of the devastating economic collapse at the end of the Bush administration , federal authorities claimed that giving almost unlimited public funds to the two banks was the only way of ensuring the stability of the U.S. economy .
Peter Wallison , a former general counsel to the U.S.
Treasury , estimated at the end of 2009 that taxpayers would lose in upwards of $ 400 billion for its support of Fannie and Freddie .
“ The debt of Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and the Federal Home Loan Banks grew an average of $ 184 billion annually from 1998 to 2008 , helping fuel a bubble that drove home prices up by 107 percent between 2000 and mid-2006 , according to the S&P / Case - Shiller home - price index , ” Business Week added .
“ Frank said no decision has been made about what future model he will propose , and aides said no action is imminent , ” the Post noted .
“ He has said it ’s important for the government to continue to play a role in fostering housing affordability . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
When the government first seized Fannie and Freddie , Frank suggested that they would remain in federal hands for at least a year , during which time a restructuring would be considered .
His comments Friday stand in obvious contrast .
“ Some analysts have argued that starting from scratch could create more problems than they would solve , in part because Fannie and Freddie own or guarantee around half of the nation ’s $ 11 trillion in home mortgages , ” The Wall Street Journal reported .
The paper quoted Mahesh Swaminathan , a senior mortgage strategist at Credit Suisse , as saying , “ When you have $ 5 trillion of agency mortgages , you ca n’t really orphan them . ”
Before any significant steps can be taken in that direction , the House Financial Services Committee will first explore its options in meetings with groups like the Center for American Progress and the National Association of Realtors , The Boston Globe added .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Obama administration is expected to offer its take of the situation in the federal budget , slated to be introduced in February .
[ / caption ]
Today , two amateur astronomers from Florida detected a rare outburst of the recurrent nova U Scorpii , which set in motion satellite observations by the Hubble Space Telescope , Swift and Spitzer .
The last outburst of U Scorpii occurred in February of 1999 .
Observers around the planet will now be observing this remarkable system intensely for the next few months trying to unlock the mysteries of white dwarfs , interacting binaries , accretion and the progenitors of Type IA supernovae .
One of the remarkable things about this outburst is it was predicted in advance by Dr. Bradley Schaefer , Louisiana State University , so observers of the American Association of Variable Star Observers ( AAVSO ) have been closely monitoring the star since last February , waiting to detect the first signs of an eruption .
This morning , AAVSO observers , Barbara Harris and Shawn Dvorak sent in notification of the outburst , sending astronomers scrambling to get ‘ target of opportunity observations ’ from satellites and continuous coverage from ground - based observatories .
Time is a critical element , since U Sco is known to reach maximum light and start to fade again in one day .
There are only ten known recurrent novae ( RNe ) .
This , coupled with the fact that eruptions may occur only once every 10 - 100 years , makes observations of this rare phenomenon extremely interesting to astronomers .
Recurrent novae are close binary stars where matter is accreting from the secondary star onto the surface of a white dwarf primary .
Eventually this material accumulates enough to ignite a thermonuclear explosion that makes the nova eruption .
‘ Classical novae ’ are systems where only one such eruption has occurred in recorded history .
They may indeed have recurrent eruptions , but these may occur thousands or millions of years apart .
RNe have recurrence times of 10 - 100 years .
The difference is thought to be the mass of the white dwarf .
The white dwarf must be close to the Chandrasekhar limit , 1.4 times the mass of the Sun .
This higher mass makes for a higher surface gravity , which allows a relatively small amount of matter to reach the ignition point for a thermonuclear runaway .
White dwarfs in RNe are thought to be roughly 1.2 times solar , or greater .
The rate at which mass is accreted onto the white dwarf must be relatively high also .
This is the only way to get enough material accumulated onto the white dwarf in such a short time , as compared to classical novae .
Recurrent novae are of particular interest to scientists because they may represent a stage in the evolution of close binary systems on their way to becoming Type IA supernovae .
As mass builds up on the white dwarf they may eventually reach the tipping point , the Chandrasekhar limit .
Once a white dwarf exceeds this mass it will collapse into a Type IA supernova .
A problem with this theory is the mass that is blown off the white dwarf in the erruption .
If more mass is ejected during an eruption than has accreted during the previous interval between eruptions , the white dwarf will not be gaining mass and will not collapse into a Type IA supernovae .
Therefore , scientists are eager to obtain all the data they can on these eruptions to determine what is happening with the white dwarf , the mass that is ejected and the rate of accretion .
Observations from amateur astronomers are requested by the AAVSO .
Data from backyard telescopes will be combined with data from mountaintop observatories and space telescopes to help unravel the secrets of these rare systems .
AAVSO finder charts with comparison star sequences are available at : http://www.aavso.org/observing/charts/vsp/index.html?pickname=U%20Sco
Last night , Google announced that Gmail sessions will now be fully encrypted with HTTPS by default .
This is excellent news — EFF congratulates Google for taking this significant step to safeguard their users ' privacy and security .
Previously , it was possible to encrypt your access to Gmail , but it required altering the default configuration .
Now every Gmail user will get the benefits of encryption without needing to know that they need it .
With this development , Google has taken a clear two - step lead over its competition : other major hubs for personal communication such as Facebook , Yahoo ! mail , Hotmail , and LiveJournal do not even make the use of HTTPS possible , let alone the default .
A handful of smaller , specialist webmail providers do offer HTTPS , but Google is alone in bringing basic email security to the mainstream Web .
Frankly , it 's time for Facebook , Yahoo ! , Microsoft , and company to raise their game .
If you are using those email services , then anyone using the same local network as you can read your communications or break into your account .
And that 's just not good enough .
P.S. : A great next step for Google would be to implement HTTPS for Google Search .
Until that happens , the only way to get private , encrypted searches is by using a an HTTPS search engine like Ixquick or a third - party proxy to Google like ssl.scroogle.org , which requires users to trust the proxy operator .
We understand that there are some latency costs to delivering search over HTTPS , and while new standards are needed to solve that problem , there 's no reason not to offer optional search encryption in the mean time .
Description
Dottoro Highlighter plugin is based on the Dottoro Syntax Highlighter service that provides professional coloring for CSS , HTML , JavaScript and XML languages .
It supports highlighting CSS , JavaScript and XML blocks embedded into HTML documents , optionally selectable line numbering and buttons for copying and printing code snippets .
It performs a detailed lexical analysis on the source code and attaches different style classes for different language items , thus providing a very flexible way to modify the appearance of the highlighted code .
Using of the Dottoro Highlighter plugin is really simple .
Just insert your code snippet in the Visual or HTML view , select it and press the Dr-Highlight button on the toolbar .
You do n’t need to embed your source code into an element ( such as PRE ) , just select the whole source that you want to highlight and press the Dr-Highlight button .
Clicking on the Dr-Highlight button pops up a dialog box where you can specify the settings for the highlighted code .
If you need to modify the appearance of a previously highlighted code , click into it then click on the Dr-Highlight button on the toolbar .
The default settings for the Dottoro Highlighter plugin can be set on the preferences page .
For further description , please visit the Dottoro Syntax Highlighter site .
Speaking to a crowd in Rochester yesterday , Rep. Michele Bachmann warned that Democratic health reform proposals could eventually prompt the government to use health care as a tool to limit people 's free speech
The Post - Bulletin has a video and story of Bachmann 's address to about 200 people .
She explained that a man recently approached her to say that in Japan , which " had the government takeover of health care , " the government puts people who criticize the health system on " a list " and denies them treatment .
" And so people are afraid .
They 're afraid to speak back to government , " Bachmann said .
" They 're afraid to say anything .
Is that what we want for our future ?
That takes us to gangster government at that point and absolute abject corruption .
We 're not that kind of country .
That 's not who we are . "
This , she said , is something " people do n't know , " adding , " a government takeover of health care is the crown jewel of socialism . "
Rochester is a long way from Bachmann 's suburban Twin Cities district , but she was stumping for Allan Quist , a Republican candidate in the First Congressional District . "
Hot Dish could not find evidence to back up the claim that Japan withholds health care from government critics .
A recent Washington
Post article describing the pros and cons of the Japanese health system makes no mention of it .
If it is true , however , it 's worth noting that the two countries have different constitutions and legal systems .
The relevant portion of the address begins at about :54 .
-- Bob Von Sternberg contributed to this post .
I love this recipe and make it all the time .
Any time my meal could use a hearty bread on the side , this is my old standby .
There are a couple modifications that I use though : the butter called for is way too much , you can easily cut it in half or better .
Then , I always sprinkle the top of mine with fresh ground sea salt just before baking ...
That makes a huge difference .
It gives the crust a delicious , buttery , salty flavor , almost like a soft pretzel .
And finally , my most important piece of advice ; USE DARK BEER .
You would n't think it would make a difference , but it does .
I tried making this with bud light once and it did n't even cook right ( overdone outside , doughy inside ) I think that may be because of too much water , not enough yeast in light beer .
I typically use Guinness and it turns out great !
By the way ...
This recipe is super easy !
It 's best eaten warm , but that 's not a problem ; it 's usually gone long before it gets a chance to cool down !
# 904301 +( 4646 ) - [ X ] < massacre >
Rosti , can I ask you something as a close friend ?
< Rosti_LFC > you could ask me something as a complete stranger , but go ahead
< massacre >
Do you reckon Emma would go out with me if I asked her ?
< Rosti_LFC > errr ....
< Rosti_LFC > ask her yourself ?
< massacre > no fucking way until I get a second opinion
< Daz > dude she 's in the channel
< massacre > no she is n't
< Rosti_LFC > yeah she is mate , look up
< Rosti_LFC > she got op 'd yesterday
< massacre > fuck
< massacre > PLAN B
< massacre > spam the channel
< massacre > with text
< massacre > so it goes
< Audia > hi
< massacre > off her scrollback
< Rosti_LFC > ahaha
< massacre > FUCK
* massacre has quit ( PLAN C !!!)
< Audia >
I 'm going to go install Windows 7 right now
< Audia > so I 'll be offline for a bit
< Audia > if he gets the balls to come back in here in the meantime tell him the answer is yes
< Rosti_LFC > rofl
* Audia has quit ( QUIT )
< Rosti_LFC > that was some hardcore nerd courtship ritual right there
< Daz >
Oh man , I wish I could fuck up asking a girl out that badly and still succeed
Announcing Railshare1st
For commodity traders , institutional investors , economists and equity analysts :
Every Monday afternoon we collect carloading data directly from the publicly - traded rail carriers .
We are now offering those data to professional investors who need the
fastest , most accurate measure of the health of the industrial economy and the railroads .
These data are 40 hours faster than the industry data published on Wednesdays .
If you would like to see a visualization of a summary of the RS1st data we publish on Monday ,
please send us an email with your name and professional affiliation .
If you are a Railfax Subscriber and have a Userid and Password
to enter the full Railfax site .
If you are a Railfax Subscriber and have a Userid and Password Click Here to enter the full Railfax site .
Summary of North American Rail Freight Traffic
This chart summarizes rail traffic for all North American railroads by key commodity groups
Cyclical including economically - sensitive commodities such as steel and lumber
Baseline including commodities such as coal and grain which are less affected by the economy
Intermodal comprising primarily domestic and international movements of consumer goods by container
Railshare First subscribers get access to our Railfax report and our Railshare Highlights report .
To view a sample report Click Here .
The annual subscription for the weekly Railshare data report and access to the Railfax carloading summary report is $ 125 .
Click the Subscribe button to subscribe using PayPal or your Credit Card or call us with questions .
Add your email address to the mailing list !
What is Railshare Railshare is a comprehensive database of North American rail traffic .
The data are reported by the individual railroads .
Atlantic Systems Inc. processes this information and redistributes the data in an easy to use format .
Each week 's report covers the seven day period ending on Saturday .
Rail traffic is disaggregated between carload ( traffic moving in traditional freight cars such as box cars , tank cars and hoppers ) and intermodal traffic ( containers and piggyback service ) .
Railshare provides commodity breakdowns for carload traffic ; commodity detail for intermodal traffic is unavailable .
The carrier totals shown in Railshare aggregate all traffic handled by individual carriers .
Railshare graphs show four major breakdowns of rail traffic .
Total traffic includes all carload and intermodal traffic ; carload traffic is further divided between economically sensitive commodities ( cyclical ) and those that are less affected by the business cycle ( baseline ) .
For further information please contact Atlantic Systems Inc .
P.O. Box 1984
New York , New York 10163
“ Just wanted to tell you how over the moon in love I am with your product .
I have a booth at a local farmers ’ market …
The local population of diabetics is absolutely in love with the jams and jellies that I make with honey or maple syrup or xylitol … not once have I made any with sugar , since switching pectins .
Thank you so much for making such a high quality product . ”
— Simone Broersma | Strathroy , Ontario , Canada
Barack Obama 's dangerous obsession with golf .
It ’s been a tough first year for President Obama , as critics throughout the body politic bemoan that Mr. Change - We - Can-Believe - In is looking more and more like Mr. Politics - As - Usual .
With the coming new year , however , POTUS has a prime opportunity to regroup , reload , and revamp his image .
He could start by ditching golf .
Seriously .
Its venerable White House history notwithstanding , golf is a dubious pastime for any decent , sane person , much less for this particular president .
Why would a leader vowing to shake up Washington -- to alter the very nature of politics -- sell his soul to a leisure activity that screams stodgy , hyperconventional Old Guard ?
There are signs that Obama has been nursing a creeping golf addiction for some time now .
He took up the game a little more than a decade ago as a newbie state senator hoping to bond with more rural , conservative colleagues .
Next thing you know , he was hooked -- playing for cash , fretting over his form , and goading staffers to cut out of work early for a quick round .
During the 2008 race , Obama ’s golf outings drew less notice than his battles on the hard court .
But , now that he ’s firmly ensconced in the Oval Office , the sticks have come out of the closet as Obama constantly looks to squeeze in a few holes : on Father ’s Day , during the family ’s summer holiday on the Vineyard , immediately upon touching down from his June trip to Europe .
It is often noted that this president hit the links more frequently in his first nine months than the reared - on - golf George W. did in his first two years ( after which W. conspicuously swore off the game out of respect for the troops ) .
Currently ranked eighth on Golf Digest ’s list of presidential golfers ( sandwiched between Clinton and Reagan ) , Obama seems intent on moving up the ladder - - despite reports that he ’s something of a duffer .
Various explanations have been floated for Obama ’s embrace of golf : ( 1 ) Professional advancement .
Ostensibly why Obama started playing , golf is indeed a time - honored way for ambitious political and business types to schmooze .
In First Off the Tee , Don Van Natta Jr. ’s book about presidential golfers , we learn that , as vice president , Richard Nixon went so far as to take lessons in hopes of impressing his golf - crazed boss , President Eisenhower .
( 2 ) Escape .
All those hours of intense focus on getting the wee ball in the wee hole provide relief from the pressures of the office .
( 3 ) Testosterone .
With all of the competition but none of the bruising of real sports , golf is what hard - charging alpha males turn to when they start getting too old to bang around in the paint .
( 4 ) Image control .
Obama ’s enthusiastic adoption of this most corporate of pastimes reassures middle - Americans that their history - making black president is n’t too urban , edgy , or cool .
( As a bonus , golf is popular among retirees , who were stubbornly unwowed by Obama ’s trail talk of hope and change . )
( 5 ) Tradition .
With only three of the past 18 presidents not playing the game , golf is just something Americans expect our leader to do .
High School students have sued the Lower Merion School District in Philadelphia for spying on them using their laptops ' built - in cameras .
School administrator activated the webcams remotely and recorded students ' activities at home .
Way to go , KGB - wannabe assclowns .
Updated
Advertisement
The situation was discovered by the Robbins , when their kid was disciplined for " improper behavior in his home . "
How could that be possible ?
The Vice Principal showed a photo as the evidence .
A photo taken with the school - provided laptop webcam .
Update : Talking to Gizmodo , one of the students at the district says that they suspected this but the school tech support gave excuses .
His Early 2008 MacBook 's camera light would turn on at random :
Frequently , the green lights next to our iSight webcams will turn on .
The school district claims that this is just a glitch .
We are all doubting this now .
Advertisement
He can't access the Activity Monitor because he does n't have enough privileges , but he says the school uses Apple Remote Desktop .
Another student has confirmed this :
I questioned the IT guy about why it was happening he said that it was because people logged out when an application using the camera was on , he also stated that they could in fact go and look through your webcam it would just violate the fifth ammendment and that 's why they did n't .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Today , their principal went on loudspeaker and said that all this was " not true . "
Sure , Mr. Principal , sure .
If the lawsuit accusations are true , I hope they ground these slimy people forever .
[ Lawsuit via BoingBoing - Thanks Jason !]
Looking for the digital edition of the paper ?
View Print Replica page flip now
American Airlines and United Airlines say they will begin to furlough 32,000 employees after lawmakers and the White House failed to agree on a broad pandemic relief package that includes more federal aid for airlines .
Chris Drayer , a decorated veteran who served two tours in Vietnam , died after contracting COVID - 19 in Hawaii ’s largest coronavirus nursing home outbreak .
Get web push notifications when the next breaking story happens — it ’s free !
Subscribe Now
See our full coverage about the coronavirus , click here .
×
Our Privacy Policy has been updated .
By continuing to use our site , you are acknowledging and agreeing to our updated Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Roeselien Raimond , an avid photographer who is also a huge cat lover , enjoys her pastime taking photographs of feral cats .
She has made friends with many feral kitties including some in various places such as Greece .
An orphan tabby baby kitten was given to her and her boyfriend by a cleaning lady while they were on their summer vacation .
The kitten was crying and Roeselien felt she had to do something about it .
They took the kitten to two different veterinarians and both advised them to bottle feed the kitten every 3 hours , bring her back to the vet monthly and not to take her on a plane because the kitten might not be able to handle it in that condition .
Roeselien tried to feed the kitten around the clock , but the little one rejected it every time .
They were extremely desperate .
[ Also see story : Mel 's beloved kittens ]
They were not able to find anyone to adopt the kitten nor could they locate any animal shelter , Roeselien suddenly remembered seeing a mother cat who just gave birth to a litter of kittens near her apartment .
She decided to give it a try and see if the cat would accept this orphan baby .
She laid the baby down in front of the cat mother , then she saw the cat gently pick up the kitten , grabbing her like the way any mother cat does to their children , and quickly she ran home .
Knowing the kitten finally had somebody to look after her , Roeselien felt a sigh of relief [ see the orphan kitten pictures below ] .
The photos below are images of some of the feral cats Roeselien met in the past .
You can see more photos by Roselien Raimond on her flickr site or her website .
Related Posts :
The Real Puss in Boots
Did Cats Inspire the Creation of Yoga - Yoga vs Cat Stretching Poses
Adorable Kittens from SOS Animals
Ragdoll Kittens Favorite Pastime : Sleep
Beautiful Scottish Fold Brother and Sister Cats
With eight days left in the auction , the actual EMS VCS3 synthesizer used by John Baker at the BBC Radiophonic Workshop to create the Doctor Who theme is already up to $ 6,000 .
There are some deep - pocketed Whovians out there .
Advertisement
It 's being sold on eBay after John Baker 's estate sold it on after his death in 1997 , and is apparently in very good condition , not having been used since the late ' 70s .
Will the winning bidder use it to create YouTube montages of his / her favorite Doctor Who clips with a spooky synth soundtrack ?
Compose mixed tapes to be sent to David Tennant ?
Or simply have their bank send statement after statement of unpaid credit card bills ?
[ eBay via Retro To Go ]
January 7 , 2010
SAN FRANCISCO -- The San Francisco Hilton is the city 's largest hotel , taking up a square block of prime downtown real estate and boasting 1,900 rooms .
Celebrity heiress Paris Hilton 's signature phrase " That 's Hot ! " might very well apply to the " stunning million dollar views " advertised by her hotel namesake .
But it 's more like " That 's Cold ! " when describing the views of the Hilton owners towards their employees .
In fact , the Blackstone Group , which owns the Hilton chain , proposes cutting starting wages for new hires by 25 percent .
According to a union fact sheet , the CEO and part - owner of Blackstone was paid $ 1,385,391,042 in 2008 .
That 's right , $ 1 billion - plus .
The average union hotel worker earned $ 30,000 in that same year .
This explains why over 800 members of UNITE HERE Local 2 and 400 supporters staged their impressive rally and civil disobedience action , blocking for several hours the main hotel entrance before 140 sit-in protesters were arrested , cited for misdemeanor trespassing and released a short time later .
Arrestees included Richard Trumka , the new president of the 13 million - member AFL - CIO and John Wilhelm , international president of the 265,000 - member UNITE HERE .
Trumka called the attitude of the hotels a " disgrace " while Wilhelm congratulated Local 2 for its " heart , spirit and endurance , " which he said " would spread across the country in 2010 " as other hotel contracts expire .
The rally attracted city firefighters , nurses , machinists , teachers , engineers , longshore workers , Teamsters , construction workers and letter carriers displaying union emblems of support .
The protest also drew several hundred community supporters organized by Rev. Israel Alvaran , assigned by Clerics and Laity United for Economic Justice ( CLUE ) to work exclusively on winning community support for hotel workers .
Refusal to come to an agreement with the modest demands of the union is producing growing public outrage because hotels have been profitable the last few years .
In fact , according to PriceWaterhouseCoopers , profits soared nationally to over $ 200 billion in the last decade .
While each of the 61 city hotels in San Francisco has chosen to negotiate separately with the union , the corporations that run many of the largest remain united in demands to shift more health care costs to employees , increase workloads and reduce staffing .
They have rejected Local 2's minimum one - year contract proposal .
In Hilton 's case , the whole package would cost just $ 550,000 this year , or around a 1.5 percent increase in labor costs .
" We 've proposed the cheapest contract in the union 's history while the corporations continue to make millions , " said John Elrod , a bartender at the W Hotel .
" I think the hotel workers have sacrificed enough .
It 's time the hotel corporations realize that we 're not going to give up . "
So far , the union has called three brief strikes , five boycotts , numerous " sieges " of all - night picketing , and two peaceful civil disobedience actions resulting in several hundred arrests .
NONETHELESS , FACING stiff resistance and a lull in the tourist season , Local 2 realizes this dispute will not be settled soon .
These major international corporations have enormous financial resources that allow them to absorb indefinitely the costs of ordinary labor disputes .
So the union has adopted a variety of tactics looking forward to mid-2010 when tourists begin flooding the city .
This influx provides an inviting audience for the union 's very effective protests at boycotted hotel entrances , with bullhorns blaring , " Years before , we would cower , Now we have union power ! " and " Do n't check in , check out !
This is Local 2 !
Boycott is what we 're all about ! "
New negotiating allies are also in the wings , as Wilhelm mentioned .
At the moment , 9,000 hotel workers in San Francisco and another 16,000 in Chicago and Los Angeles are negotiating .
This bargaining leverage will substantially increase later this year with the addition of units in Toronto ; Minneapolis ; Vancouver , B.C. ; Honolulu ; Monterey , Calif . ; and Washington , D.C. In total , over 50,000 UNITE HERE members in the hotel industry will be fighting for new contracts in 2010 .
In the meantime , Local 2 will be busy planning regular street protests and considering more of their patented surprise strikes while still vigorously enforcing their boycotts .
The union has a history of mobilizing local broad actions , and UNITE HERE nationally recently adopted very high standards for its boycotts .
A most important new feature is that a majority of union members are urged to consider a boycott of their selected hotel before one is announced .
As a result , all current Local 2 boycotts are worker - initiated , minimizing employer attempts to divide employees from boycotters .
There must also be a funded staff and a clear program of active enforcement before any boycott is launched .
This includes regularly scheduled pickets , with amped - up sound systems to remind guests there is an ongoing labor dispute .
It means organized visits to major clients showing videos of protests and taped interviews with disgruntled guests who endured the stress of strikes , loud picketing and boycotts .
It means enlisting the national support of nonprofit and socially conscious conventioneers to join the boycott .
One important endorsement occurred the day that the Hilton boycott was announced .
Sarah Shaker , executive director of the Instituto Laboral de la Raza , issued this January 5 statement : " It is very unfortunate that we have to move our annual awards banquet .
Normally , we have over 1,000 people from all over the country attend and we spend close to $ 100,000 with the Hilton 's banquet department .
We now have changed our plans and moved the event to a solidly union banquet hall , the United Irish Cultural Center . "
More of the same is sure to come .
The San Francisco Examiner estimates the 53 - day strike / lockout and two - year boycott in 2004 - 2006 cost San Francisco hotels around $ 100 million .
Owners made it worse for themselves by locking out workers during that strike , something that turned out to be a major public relations blunder .
Enormous political and community pressure forced hotels to back off , end their lockout and return to negotiations .
But the union still continued full - scale boycotts until the hotels finally agreed in 2006 to all the workers ' demands .
Local 2 President Mike Casey considers this victory as validation of the current strategy of staggered , brief strikes , longer boycotts , and regularly scheduled mobilizations .
As a result , the union is determined to reinvigorate boycotts as one of their tools , especially useful in an industry dependent on delivering consumers comfort and relaxation uninterrupted by clamorous rallies and periodic strikes .
" We want to bring back boycotts that have the scale and commitment of the farmworkers ' enormously successful and historic grape boycott , " UNITE HERE boycott organizer Mark Westerberg told me .
While Casey is quick to remind hotels that a citywide strike is never off the table , the union has shown it has a formidable array of other tactics as well .
All of them will be necessary to pry open the pocket books of the powerful owners .
Kaster 650.000 DVD-er
De to siste årene har SF Norge kastet 650.000 DVD - er.
Skrotingen gjennomføres for å holde prisene oppe .
TIL FORBRENNING : Distributørene av DVD - er sender varene til Grønmo i stedet for å selge dem på billigsalg .
Vis mer byoutline Ingar Storfjel , Aftenposten
Publisert : Publisert : 4 . januar 2010 19:34
- Vi ser heller varene på Grønmo fremfor et eller annet varelager , sier avdelingsleder for kjøpefilm i SF Norge , Svein Risberg .
Vil unngå billigsalg
I et intervju med fagbladet Release forteller Risberg at filmene kastes for å unngå at prisene stuper i butikkene .
- Å dytte ut katalogfilmer for 10 til 15 kroner til butikk , mener jeg er svært uheldig for markedet .
Og vi tar konsekvensen av det , ved å skrote dette kvantumet , sier Risberg og fortsetter :
- Vi kunne fått noen millioner for dette , men det ville stått og tatt plass i forretningene som gjør at vi ikke kan selge gode titler som Istid , Den siste gudfaren eller Teletubbies .
SF Norge er landets største distributør av kjøpe - og leiefilm .
De to siste årene har selskapet solgt 35 millioner enheter i det norske markedet .
- Kan ikke være nostalgisk
Ifølge Risberg er det ikke bare hyggelig å sende DVD - ene til brenning .
- Man er ikke vant til å skrote varer .
Alle har et forhold til produktene sine .
De har en kommersiell verdi , men man kan ikke være nostalgisk .
Vi kaster mange hundretusenvis av videogrammer hvert år .
Dette er basert på vår vurdering av hva som ville skjedd med totalmarkedet hvis dette hadde kommet ut til en " billig " penge .
Vanlig i bransjen
Flere andre aktører i bransjen som fagbladet Release har kontaktet forteller at de gjør det samme .
- Det skjer relativt ofte , vi har gjort dette på en rekke klassikere , tegnede langfilmer og spillefilm .
Vi skroter film fremfor salg hvis prisen er under det vi har satt som grense .
Den langsiktige konsekvensen av kortsiktig gevinst er ikke måten vi jobber etter , sier salgssjef Gustav Wedel Jarlsberg i Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment .
Les flere nyheter på E24.no
The RED and BLU team logos from Team Fortress 2 .
In a double - side fleece blanket .
What now .
EDIT : Wow !
Such a flurry of responses !
Several people have asked if they could buy one ( this or the companion cube [ link ] or a new commission ) , so I 'm considering making a few more in the summer ( when I have time ) and selling them , if there 's enough interest .
I should mention that they would be fairly expensive because of the cost of materials and amount of time spent to construct them -- something around $ 100 .
EDIT EDIT :
So I do n't see myself having time to make another one of these in the near future with school and work and sports and all , but if I do make another I 'll post it up for sale somewhere .
PS for all you TF2ers , here 's my Steam id if you ever want to play with a half - decent medic : [ link ]
I go by " Shard " and you can usually find me on The Gamer 's Playground 2 Fort Freak server .
Gaiman is best known for the graphic novel The Sandman Fantasy writer Neil Gaiman has said he is to write a forthcoming episode of Doctor Who .
Gaiman , the author of Stardust and Coraline which were both adapted for the big screen , revealed the news at a sci- fi convention in Sussex .
The episode , with the working title of The House of Nothing , will air in 2011 , the writer said .
Gaiman previously wrote the fantasy TV series Neverwhere which aired on BBC Two in 1996 .
During his acceptance speech for best comic at the SFX Awards , Gaiman said : " As anyone who 's read my blog knows , I 'm a big fan of a certain long - running British TV series .
One that I started watching - from behind the sofa - when I was three .
" And while I know it 's cruel to make you wait for things , in about 14 months from now - which is to say , not in the upcoming season but early in the one after that - it 's quite possible that I might have written an episode .
" And if I had , it would originally have been called ' The House of Nothing ' .
But it definitely is n't called that any more . "
A spokesman for Doctor Who would not confirm Gaiman 's announcement .
The next series of the show , starring Matt Smith as the 11th Time Lord , is due to air in the spring .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Natalie Dee archives ( by month ) :
2013 : jan : feb : mar : apr : may : jun : jul : aug : sep : oct : nov : dec
2012 : jan : feb : mar : apr : may : jun : jul : aug : sep : oct : nov : dec
2011 : jan : feb : mar : apr : may : jun : jul : aug : sep : oct : nov : dec
2010 : jan : feb : mar : apr : may : jun : jul : aug : sep : oct : nov : dec
2009 : jan : feb : mar : apr : may : jun : jul : aug : sep : oct : nov : dec
2008 : jan : feb : mar : apr : may : jun : jul : aug : sep : oct : nov : dec
2007 : jan : feb : mar : apr : may : jun : jul : aug : sep : oct : nov : dec
2006 : jan : feb : mar : apr : may : jun : jul : aug : sep : oct : nov : dec
2005 : jan : feb : mar : apr : may : jun : jul : aug : sep : oct : nov : dec
2004 : jan : feb : mar : apr : may : jun : jul : aug : sep : oct : nov : dec
2003 : jan : feb : mar : apr : may : jun : jul : aug : sep : oct : nov : dec
I recently watched an interesting BBC documentary called “ The secret life of chaos ” .
It did a good job of explaining how interesting patterns could arise from very simple rules and how these could be further shaped by evolution to create the sort of complexity we see in the living world .
It is well worth watching in full .
I have been interested in genetic algorithms for some time and use a genetic algorithm to optimise seating plans in my own PerfectTable Plan software .
So I was particularly interested in a segment towards the end , where they showed how naturalmotion.com have used bio-mechanical modelling and genetic algorithms to create virtual humans that can respond realistically to various ( unpleasant ) physical stimuli , e.g. being shot , being hit or falling off things .
The details are sketchy in the TV program , but it appears that they have evolved genetic algorithms that mimic aspects of the human nervous system .
For example a human will instinctively put their hands out to cushion a fall or put a hand to an area that has been hit .
They then combine this nervous system modelling with physics and a realistic a bio-mechanical modelling of the human anatomy .
The results are impressive .
You can see them about 2 minutes into the video below .
They claim they can use these models to generate realistic movements for synthetic characters in real time .
Their Euphoria software is already being used in computer games , such as Grand Theft Auto IV .
More videos by naturalmotion.com
Max Blumenthal in Salon reveals that James O’Keefe , the man recently arrested in New Orleans and who successfully tarnished ACORN , has a strong connection to white supremacists .
Here is an excerpt .
His right - wing admirers do n’t seem to mind that O’Keefe ’s short but storied career has been defined by a series of political stunts shot through with racial resentment .
Now an activist organization that monitors hate groups has produced a photo of O’Keefe at a 2006 conference on “ Race and Conservatism ” that featured leading white nationalists .
The photo , first published Jan. 30 on the Web site of the anti-racism group One People ’s Project , shows O’Keefe at the gathering , which was so controversial even the ultra- right Leadership Institute , which employed O’Keefe at the time , withdrew its backing .
But O’Keefe and fellow young conservative provocateur Marcus Epstein soldiered on to give anti-Semites , professional racists and proponents of Aryanism an opportunity to share their grievances and plans to make inroads in the GOP .
Blumenthal also shows the OK ’eefe ’s history of racism goes back to his college days .
I am 15 .
I was masturbating with play doh inside of plastic wrap and the plastic wrap broke about a centimeter .
I didnt realize this until i took it out and looked at it and saw play doh coming out of the plastic wrap .
I took a shower and tried to clean my vagina out as much as i could .
I also used my finger to look for more .
My vagina kinda feels a little burning sensation .
I am not sure if play doh was even up there in the first place .
Can someone please help , I dont know what to do .
Though it was shot down last year by local businesses , on Tuesday the city reintroduced legislation that would bar the merciful release of nicotine " near the doors , vents and operable windows of any building , including restaurants , shops , offices and housing complexes . "
Supervisor Eric Mar , who sponsored the cigarette hate , says he 's doing it to protect " San Francisco 's most vulnerable residents from secondhand smoke . "
Which , we can only assume he 's talking about kittens .
Anyway , Mar 's proposal would , according to reports , " close ' huge loopholes in existing policy ' and strengthen public health regulations by expanding the smoking ban in areas where people congregate .
This means that lighting up be verboten at " farmers ' markets , lines for movie theaters , concerts and sporting events , near ATMs and cab stands , and at the outdoor tables of restaurants . "
Everywhere , people .
Everywhere .
That said , how do you feel about about not being able to smoke your Mores while pulling out a $ 20 ?
At first , people used Adobe Flash Lite when they wanted to view content on their smartphones , but this got later replaced with Adobe Air .
The programming language used in this software is ActionScript .
This type of style enables you to come up with applications or games that are very intuitive which allows the end user to interact well with the program .
As an end user , you are very likely to be familiar with the Adobe Flash Player , a plug - in which gets used to stream audios and videos on web browsers .
The flash player can get used for viewing content available on desktops , video games , and mobile apps .
This player can get used on any device that operates on Microsoft Windows , Linux , and macOS .
As an artist , you can make use of this software in the production of animations using its Adobe Animate feature .
For those who develop software , they can use Adobe Flash to create apps as well as games by making use of the FlashDevelop or Adobe Flash Builder as well as any other software that can edit text so long as they incorporate Apache Flex SDK .
Adobe Flash is a software platform that you can use for various production purposes such as mobile applications and animations .
The software can show texts and graphics which get used in applications .
With this software , you are also in a position to stream videos as well as audios when you are online , and you can record input given by your camera and microphone .
Where is Adobe Flash used ?
Websites
At the beginning of the twenty - first century , this software got used globally to display videos as well as play audios on desktop devices .
The software was also essential to users who wished to access pages on the internet which had interactive content .
When YouTube got founded in the year 2005 , its founders decided to make use of the Adobe Flash Player as a way to show various kinds of videos on their site .
Most companies made use of the plug - in in a bid to show off their new products by placing their intuitive videos on various web pages .
Key players in the industry who used flash - based sites include but are not limited to Disney and Nike .
Adobe went a step further and introduced 3D which enabled people to show off videos in 3D to gain more audience .
Video Games
Have you played Angry Birds ?
Well , you can thank Adobe for the fantastic graphics in the game .
Video games developed with the aid of flash became very popular due to their interactive nature .
Such games include Clash of Clans and Machinarium .
A type of video games is online casino games .
Developers often use Adobe Flash to run their products .
Using such widespread and easy to use the software as Flash they bring popularity to the games .
The best of them can be found in the most recommended casino sites .
Adobe avails a wide range of technologies which you can put to use as you develop a game such as Adobe AIR , Adobe Scout , CrossBridge , and Stage3D .
With AdobeAIR , you can come up with games which can get played on both smartphones and desktop devices .
If you wish to have fantastic performance in your games , you should make use of Adobe Scout which can increase the responsiveness of commands .
CrossBridge allows you to turn games written in C++ language in a manner that they can run in Flash .
With Adobe AIR , you can create games which can get published in online stores such as Google Play .
You can also come up with interfaces for your games using technologies such as Scaleform GFx .
Films
Most people use Adobe Animate to produce animations for use in television and commercials .
Notable productions made through the use of this software include My Little Pony and Clone High .
Formats
Adobe Flash comes in various forms : SWF , 3D , FLA , Flash Video and Flash Audio .
Adobe Flash is beneficial to people on all ends , and whether you are a developer or an end user , it will meet your requirements .
By Tom de Castella
The recall of thousands of Toyotas with potentially faulty pedals raises a terrifying hypothetical scenario - what should you do if the accelerator on your car jams ?
It 's a driver 's worst nightmare .
You try to slow down but find the accelerator pedal is stuck - you 're in a runaway car .
The world 's largest carmaker Toyota has recalled millions of vehicles across Europe and the US due either to the risk of accelerator pedals becoming stuck on the floor mat or jamming on their own .
Toyota insists the jamming problem is very rare and that it has only received 26 reports of any kind of problem in Europe .
But stories have surfaced in recent days of Toyota drivers who have briefly experienced being out of control of their car .
In the case of the accelerator sticking , the immediate response for a lot of people would be to unjam the accelerator when the proper reaction is in fact to try to stop the car
Andrew Howard
AA A recording of an emergency call from a family of four who died driving a Lexus in California paints a horrifying picture .
The caller says : " We 're in a Lexus and we 're going north on 125 and our accelerator is stuck we 're in trouble there 's no brakes we 're approaching the intersection hold on hold on and pray pray . "
It seems almost like a sequence from a film .
But however unlikely the scenario is , there is a practical question - how would you react if your accelerator became stuck ?
The most important thing to do is to stay calm and not do anything rash , says Andrew Howard , head of road safety at the AA .
" The brakes will still work , the clutch will still work .
The biggest problem is staying cool - as we 've seen from the snowy weather people tend to panic when things start to go wrong .
In a few seconds you can go into a skid and hit a tree . "
Some drivers might be panicked into an unwise course of action .
HOW TO STOP A CAR IF ACCELERATOR JAMS 1 .
Use the footbrake , not the handbrake 2 .
Depress the clutch 3 .
Look for a route to the side of the road , and steer there carefully 4 .
Only switch the engine off if the clutch cannot be used instead 5 .
If footbrake has failed , you can use very gentle handbrake Source : Stephen Mead
" In the case of the accelerator sticking , the immediate response for a lot of people would be to unjam the accelerator when the proper reaction is in fact to try to stop the car , " says Mr Howard .
" That is the difficulty here - human nature makes it so hard to sort out these things . "
For most people the place where they are driving fastest is on the motorway .
" Imagine you 're driving down the inside lane of the M4 at 70 mph , " says Stephen Mead , assistant chief examiner at the Institute of Advanced Motoring .
" The car ahead brakes , so you take your foot off the pedal but nothing happens .
What should you do ? "
It 's easier said than done but Mead insists that by following a few simple steps you can quickly bring the car to a stop , saving your own and other people 's lives .
If the accelerator is stuck , you should first firmly depress the foot brake , he says .
This will override the accelerator .
It must be the footbrake and not the handbrake , which could cause the brake pads to burn out and potentially put the car into a spin .
KEEP FOCUSED
Don't panic
Do n't try to free the accelerator pedal Do n't waste time putting on hazard lights Source : Stephen Mead Next , the driver needs to depress the clutch , effectively stopping the engine from powering the car .
The equivalent in an automatic car is to put the gearstick into neutral .
Continue braking and keep an eye out , forward and back , for an " escape route " to the hard shoulder .
Do not try to steer straight across in one quick swerve - this could be dangerous , and destabilise the vehicle at such a speed .
In a short time - perhaps 10 seconds - you can bring the car to a halt , he says .
But what happens if the accelerator is n't the only faulty part of the car ?
It is very unlikely these days that the brakes will fail , as modern cars have dual brakes .
There are typically two pistons controlling the brakes - if one fails you should still be able to stop the car , Mr Mead says .
But in the event the brakes do completely fail , you can still help by depressing the clutch .
Vanessa Guyll , technical specialist at the AA , argues it is easier to use the clutch to disengage the gears than to turn the key to switch the engine off .
It may be difficult at high speeds to put the car into a lower gear .
So Mr Mead suggests a very gentle use of the handbrake to slow the car .
But what if the clutch has failed as well as the accelerator and brakes ?
" Turn off the ignition but it 's vital you leave the key there , " Mr Mead says .
" If you remove the key from the ignition , the steering lock will go on and that 's the last thing you want . "
Toyota has become the world 's biggest car maker
If in addition to all the above , the key is also stuck , you are in the realms of the mindbogglingly unlikely .
" Then the fates are really against you , " Mr Mead says .
There is no ideal solution here as nothing is going to be painless , he warns .
You can try and phone the police or take the car onto a grass verge or onto an HGV escape lane .
The last two are both dangerous ways of trying to slow down a car .
Hitting the escape lane , designed to stop a 44 - tonne truck by sinking its axle into gravel , would rip the front suspension off a car and be like hitting a brick wall , he warns .
If all else fails and there is something ahead of you that you need to avoid this might be your only option .
But all of this assumes you are on the motorway .
Mr Howard says much of the same advice would apply at lower speeds on city roads , or minor roads in the countryside .
The speeds may be lower but there could be greater dangers in terms of junctions , pedestrian crossings , trees , sign and lamp posts , and closely - spaced cars .
" I 'd rather it happened on the motorway in some ways , " says Mr Howard .
" It 's not as if a few miles an hour change matters much .
I would n't want to be approaching a zebra crossing when this happened . "
Below is a selection of your comments .
For many years I worked for a leading motoring organisation on car recovery , and I can remember once where I had to recover a vehicle from the M4 with a completely wrecked engine .
His car to failed to slow - down when the accelerator pedal was released but instead continued to increase speed .
But the driver returned the gear lever into neutral which naturally over - revved the engine , which resulted in a catastrophic engine failure .
If he'd just turned the ignition key back one click ( i.e. onto the " accessory " position the engine electrics would have been isolated and he could have pulled over onto the hard shoulder in safety .
Martin , Salisbury
The advice above says " only switch the engine off if the clutch cannot be used instead " .
I would say definitely do not switch the engine off if you have power brakes or power steering .
That would only make you more likely to lose control , as brakes and steering would become very heavy .
I 'd rather risk messing up the synchromesh and whack the gearstick into neutral .
Tom Purdue , Norwich
This happened to me in a Mini not long after I passed my driving test .
I tried to apply the brakes to no avail , slipped the car into neutral , managed to pull into a lay - by , applied the handbrake and switched the engine off .
There was a heck of a bang and it was scary not least because I had about 6 people in a 15 year old mini .
But I was soon on the road again and the mini went on for another 5 years .
Caroline , West Yorkshire
The accelerator on my old Peugeot 205 became jammed in Edinburgh city centre once .
Spent 10 minutes shooting around Haymarket controlling it using the clutch - I hit at least two sets of red traffic lights , where the engine 's revs shot up , making a sound like a hornets ' nest on wheels - until I worked out that the pedal was jammed open by a car mat .
Adrenaline - pumping stuff to say the least .
Craig , Glasgow I 've never tried the HGV escape route but I do not agree with the comment expressed .
The car being lighter will only become bogged down quickly if the gravel is very loose .
Jim , Ellon
Why would you ' depress ' any pedals ?
Surely , just pressing them is how you would do it in English .
Chris , London I myself had a very traumatic experience when driving my Yaris just over two years ago .
I was gently accelerating away from a roundabout when my accelerator became stuck and the car continued to gain speed despite no pressure on the pedal .
The car very quickly accelerated to speeds above 70 mph which was an extremely frightening experience for myself , I managed to use the clutch and take the car out of gear but unfortunately lost control at this point and crashed into the central reservation after the car spinning across the dual carriageway .
Luckily the oncoming traffic had stopped and I suffered minimal injuries only , a big blow to my confidence in driving was the hardest to overcome , this being my first accident in all my driving years .
The outcome could have been much worse .
The cause of the accident was agreed by the attending Pc and insurance inspection - it was mechanical failure .
Suzanne le Grice , Ipswich , Suffolk I had an old Sprite a long time ago and the accelerator did once get stuck when I was driving .
My fathers advice echoes that above : " When in doubt , both feet out . " meaning brake and clutch together .
It did work .
Jo , Portsmouth
This actually happened to me a few years ago heading north along the A1 to a friend 's wedding .
I agree that the natural reaction is to try to release the accelerator pedal .
I reached just under 100 mph before common sense took over and I used the clutch and brake to slow .
After avoiding rear - ending the car in front I did manage to free the accelerator and safely pulled off the road .
Being younger , fearless and perhaps foolish , I then continued to the wedding .
I soon mastered the knack of un - jamming the pedal with my toes and drove another 300 miles before eventually getting the car fixed .
Martin Heywood , Rickmansworth
Many years ago my accelerator stuck on full power in third gear when I was overtaking another car , on a single carriageway with a sharp bend approaching .
Fortunately it was n't a very powerful car so I was able to override the engine with the foot brake ( had to press very hard ) and just made it round the corner .
The point is though , for a couple of seconds you have no idea what 's happening , so do n't necessarily realise you have to press the clutch .
It 's like some external force is pushing the car along .
If I had been driving a powerful car I would have crashed for sure .
Russell Catchpole , Chichester
One point not mentioned above is that if the accelerator sticks and you depress the clutch ( keeping steering and brakes working effectively ) the engine will scream its head off .
This will be very disconcerting but ultimately a lot better than driving flat out into a tree .
Most modern cars now have a rev-limiter that will stop the engine blowing up but it will be loud and unnerving if you are not expecting it .
Phil , Ashford , Middx I had the accelerator stick whilst driving on the M1 .
Approaching my exit I took my foot off the accelerator and the car began going faster rather than slowing .
I did what I thought we be obvious to everyone , I turned the ignition off , then depressed the clutch and selected neutral , at the same time as braking hard .
As I was already on the inside lane i then just steered onto the hard shoulder .
I stopped safely and quickly inside 200 yards .
No big panic , no big deal .
I 'm always surprised when I read of people crashing because their accelerator has stuck .
Provided you have a few seconds to react , stopping is simple .
Laurie Dickerson , Worthing West Sussex
I had the accelerator pedal stick quite a few years ago on an old Astra when approaching a roundabout .
It was a very scary experience accelerating towards something when you know you should be slowing down .
In the end I slipped into neutral , turned off the engine and braked praying that the steering lock would not engage .
Thankfully I stopped and there was no accident but it shook me up at the time .
Simon Young , Lyndhurst I 'd thought switching the ignition off to kill the engine would be the first thing to do .
Using the clutch risks over - revving the engine or burning the clutch out all for the sake of a faulty accelerator pedal .
With the ignition to the engine off , engine braking will slow you sufficiently and enable you to steer to the side of the road or hard shoulder .
As your speed decreases then you can use the clutch and brakes to bring yourself to a controlled stop .
Dave Dyer , Eastleigh
One thing you have to accept :
If it goes wrong your life is most likely forfeit .
You are duty bound to ensure other peoples survival first .
That might mean ramming a solid object at high speed .
If it 's a choice between a zebra crossing full of people , an oncoming car or a wall , pick the wall .
Leigh Ratcliffe , Slough
This happened to me in a Renault Megane a good few years back whilst on a motorway in Spain .
The cable connecting the accelerator pedal to the engine frayed and caused the cable to stick with the throttle open .
I slowed right down using the gears then pulled onto the hard shoulder where I took the car out of gear and stopped the car whilst instantly turning the key to stop the engine ( otherwise the engine would just rev right up ) .
Unfortunately due to my bad Spanish the use of the emergency motorway phone was rendered obsolete , and after a few calls using the phone and a good few hours waiting , I eventually had to start the car up again and drive to the nearest Renault garage .
It was mid summer and I had my 10 - month - old baby girl in the back of the car .
We could n't just sit indefinitely on the hard shoulder in that heat .
Thankfully the nearest Renault garage was only about 10 miles further along the motorway .
It was probably the scariest 10 miles of my life .
Chris , Salisbury
I thought the last ditch inside lane of a motorway technique was to drive into the armco at a glancing angle and keep it there - scrape the speed off I know it 's not ideal , but better then swerving across three lanes of traffic in search of the hard shoulder / verge ( and potential solid head - on impacts ) or driving into the rear of the car in front at speed .
I stress - last ditch .
J - P Martins , Surrey Hills , UK
This happened to me many years ago in an old MGB , when a frayed throttle cable snagged .
I simply pulled of the road ( the A1 ) turned off the engine and stopped the car .
Mildly scary at the time , but I hardly thought it life threatening .
Paul , Newcastle
This article is unbelievable - as are most of the comments .
If you do n't know already that the first thing you should do in this situation is turn off the engine , using the key ( not all the way , of course ) you should n't be driving .
( Motorbikes have kill switches , so no need to even fumble with keys . )
Oscar , London , UK
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Rough traffic accident calculations show that by inserting two pieces of her composite metal foam behind the bumper of a car traveling 28 mph , the impact would feel the same to passengers as impact traveling at only 5 mph .[...]
The results are most striking when the material is tested in a lab .
The test itself is exciting : a high - powered machine smashes a piece of steel foam straight down into the base plate of the machine , and then does the same thing with a piece of bulk steel .
When she examines the base plates under both samples , there ’s a clear indentation left under the bulk steel sample , while the plate under the foam shows no indentation .
The test shows how the foam absorbed the energy and protected the plate , while the steel simply transferred it to the base plate with no protection .
Materials scientist Afsaneh Rabiei has developed a substance that is very lightweight , but stronger than a block of steel .
And when placed under extreme pressure , it can absorb shock without shattering : Among potential applications are orthopedic implants and body armor .
In the links , you can find a video about the invention .
Link via Digg | Video | Image : Iran Daily
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Climate change is melting the floating ice shelves along the Antarctic Peninsula , giving scientists a preview of what could happen if other ice shelves around the southern continent disappear , the U.S. Geological Survey ( USGS ) said on Monday .
The ice has retreated so far from the land mass that Charcot Island , which has long been connected to the peninsula by an ice bridge , emerged as a real island again last year , a USGS scientist said .
“ This is the first time since people have been observing the area , since the 1800s , that that ice shelf has not hitched together Charcot Island and the peninsula , ” scientist Jane Ferrigno said in a telephone interview .
The Antarctic Peninsula extends further northward than the rest of the roughly circular ice - covered continent , and it is warmer than the rest of Antarctica .
But even in the peninsula ’s coldest , southern part , ice shelves are vanishing .
Research by the USGS was the first to show that every ice front on the southern section of the peninsula has been retreating from 1947 to 2009 , with the most dramatic changes since 1990 .
A study of the phenomenon by the USGS in collaboration with the British Antarctic Survey and assistance from the Scott Polar Research Institute and Germany 's Bundesamt fur Kartographie and Geodasie was posted at pubs.usgs.gov/imap/i-2600-c/ in February ; a statement was released on Monday .
ICE SHELVES ACT AS GLACIER DAMS
Ice shelves act as dams to keep land - based glaciers from flowing unimpeded into the sea ; when ice shelves melt , glaciers can move more quickly into ocean waters .
If all the land - based ice in Antarctica melted , scientists have estimated sea levels worldwide could rise from 213 to 240 feet , according to the study .
If just the ice in West Antarctica melted , there would be a sea level rise of about 20 feet , threatening coastal communities and low - lying islands .
The land - based ice on the Antarctic peninsula is not enough to fuel a major rise in sea level , Ferrigno said .
However , the dramatic disappearance of ice shelves there could give a clue of what could happen when glaciers are free to flow seaward .
This is important because the Antarctic ice sheet contains 91 percent of Earth ’s glacier ice , Ferrigno said .
Unlike Antarctic land - based ice , the ice that covers much of the Arctic Ocean would not contribute to sea level rise if it all melted , in much the way that a melting ice cube in a glass of water would not make the glass overflow .
But both the Arctic and Antarctic have major impact on weather in the temperate parts of the world .
[ Follow Me on Twitter ]
In a recent New York Times article , Kathryn Huberty , a Morgan Stanley analyst was quoted suggesting that Apple ’s iPhone is the key catalyst for an important new technology trend .
“ Applications make the smartphone trend a revolutionary trend – one we have n’t seen in consumer technology for many years . ”
This argument rings true in that the “ after iPhone ” smartphone market is dramatically more interesting than the “ pre-iPhone ” smartphone market .
Later , Ms. Huberty made an even bolder statement , “ The iPhone is something different .
It ’s changing our behavior …
The game that Apple is playing is to become the Microsoft of the smartphone market . ”
Or perhaps not .
Many analysts and bloggers have worked hard to position “ iPhone vs. Android ” as the title fight of the decade in the technology industry .
It is an easy comparison to want to make .
Both phones use rich microprocessors , are graphical , both have GPS and Wifi .
They both run a sophisticated operating system , and they both give you access to thousands and thousands of third party applications .
In most practical ways , they seem similar .
However , there is one fundamental difference – business model choice .
When Apple launched the iPhone , it was able to secure an unprecedentedly strong business relationship with AT&T .
Not only did Apple want control over the user interface , something carriers had been extremely reluctant to cede , it also wanted previously unrealized economics for a handset or OS designer .
Apple insisted on upfront revenue dollars as well as a cut of the cellular service stream .
AT&T , desperate for a win vs. Verizon , acquiesced .
The product was launched to rave reviews from analysts and consumers alike .
It really was a brand new market and a brand new product .
As noted earlier , we only “ thought ” we had seen smartphones before the iPhone .
This market , as Ms. Huberty notes , looks like one that is Apple ’s to lose .
With the iPhone ’s massive success , it would be hard in retrospect to challenge the thinking behind Apple ’s business model choice .
After all , it will always be true that Apple was the company that “ cracked open ” the famed Walled Garden of carrier - land .
They also did it with style , demanding golden economics as it disrupted a previously obstinate industry .
And although AT&T may have become “ comfortable ” with its choices as a result of the iPhone ’s success , other carriers suddenly had an “ iPhone problem . ”
Enter Google .
If Apple ’s business model is aggressive relative to the carriers , in contrast Google ’s seems unrealistically accommodating .
You want to control the user interface ?
No problem .
Want access to the code ?
We ’ll make it open source .
What kind of economics do we want ?
Nothing at all .
What the hell , we will pay you !
That ’s right .
Google will give the carrier ad splits that result from implementing the Google search box on any Android phone .
FBR Capital Markets suggests that Google is taking this idea one step further in its November 24 , 2009 report titled Implications of a Potential Share Shift to Android - Based Wireless Devices .
“ Recent support for Android - based devices appears to be correlated with significant up - front financial incventives paid by Google to both carriuer and handset vendors . ”
FBR goes on to suggest that these incentives may be as high as $ 25 - 50 per device .
This is simply an offer that no carrier can refuse , particularly when U.S. carriers are currently in the habit of paying $ 50 - 150 per handset sold in subsidies .
While Apple may have opened the proverbial Walled Garden , it is Google , with its aggressive Android offering , that aims to obliterate it .
Make no mistake about it ; Apple was the pioneer with the amazing revolutionary product .
Also , with no iPhone , there is no Android .
This is not to say that Android copied iPhone , but rather the impetus to adopt and trust Google ’s Android offering was driven by a market dynamic that resulted directly from the iPhone ’s success .
Without the iPhone , it is possible that most carriers might have opted not to use Google ’s OS solely for the reason that letting a powerful company like Google in the front door can be a risky strategic bet .
All of this is now history .
The iPhone does exist , and it is wildly popular .
There are an estimated 55 million iPhones in use around the world .
Despite this remarkable success , history will also show that Apple intentionally chose a business model with plenty of room for disruption underneath its pricing structure .
It also chose a single carrier as a partner , which resultantly threatened others .
Then Google built a product and a strategy that allayed the carrier ’s relative fears .
Google gave them what they wanted , and then even gave them money .
It could afford to do this because Google aims solely to protect the great business they already have in advertising , not to make money directly from the product ( HW or SW in this case ) .
Microsoft Windows , Internet Explorer , and Mozilla ’s Firefox represent choke points on the personal computer whereby Google could lose search share , or at least be forced to pay a toll .
In mobile , they see a chance to potentially eliminate the toll - takers .
With a business model that allows for much broader distribution and price points that are well beneath the iPhone , Google ’s Android wo n’t compete directly with the iPhone .
For the iPhone loyalist , like Stewart Alsop who railed against Android , Android is simply not an option .
This price insensitive user demands the very best experience they can possibly have and this is still the iPhone .
Users wo n’t switch in mass from the iPhone to the Android .
It ’s the other 3.95 billion cell phone users that are highly likely to consider Android a step up from their current feature phone .
The Android strategy results in phones at much lower prices with much more diversity which will hit a braoder set of demographics .
Apple can and will quintuple its current market share and still have a small portion of the overall cell phone market .
This is why the two products do not compete head to head .
With its super aggressive model , Android will be the choice of the masses , and with its sleek design and non-compromising price point , Apple will rule the high end .
Many have suggested that Apple is perfectly happy with its high - margin spot at the top of the food chain .
They are doing exceptionally well with that position in the personal computer market – in fact , they are currently gaining share at an accelerating pace .
So no need to worry about Apple , they are doing just fine ( as their stock price suggests ) .
They are just not currently executing a model to become the “ Microsoft ” of the smartphone market .
Some will argue that the best product will win the market and that Apple will still dominate the smartphone market .
The history of the personal computer market is no omen for this thesis .
If you think about it , the people that know this better than anyone are the exact Apple loyalists who have been frustrated for years at Apple ’s lack of dominance in the PC market .
Disruptive business strategies can and have trumped better products .
And with no change to the current market , the Android leveraged position in the market could result in staggering unit share gains .
This is not to say that the Google Android is better than or as good as the Apple iPhone .
The key point is that it does not have to be .
It only needs to be dramatically better than the current feature phone .
Which it is .
While Apple will be fine as Android gains steam , the amount of shrapnel flying around this new marketplace is immense , so expect innocent bystanders to be compromised .
Recognize that as Google ’s play here is as much defense as offense , they have less of a need to “ make a profit , ” at least right out of the gate .
This type of attitude always makes for a messy competitor .
Also , because of the sheer breadth of the effort in terms of number of handset makers and number of carriers , Android will be marketed extremely aggressively .
Lastly , the early application leaders are beginning to believe it ’s a two horse race .
Currently the iPhone is priority number one .
That said , increasingly these application vendors are seeing Android as the primary second platform to support .
Others are falling further and further behind .
Also , Android does n’t appear to be an OS that stops at the smartphone market .
Expect much experimentation with a variety of hardware manufactures and almost any and every embedded device market from navigation devices to e-readers to tablets and beyond .
Android gives every Korean , Taiwanese , and Chinese manufacture whoever wanted to approach these markets a huge head - start .
Additionally , the more of these vendors that build on Android , the more Android will evolve for the better .
The number of applications will increase , and the problems will get worked out .
Just like Microsoft worked its way from Windows to Windows 3 and eventually to Windows 7 , Android will improve with time as well .
With its disruptive and leveraged strategy , it is Google that is attempting to be the Microsoft of the smartphone market .
Perhaps ironically , Apple is well positioned to be the “ Apple ” of the smartphone market .
[ Follow Me on Twitter ]
NEXT >
Dinosaurs and explosives — science stories do n't get much cooler than this .
Researchers in Utah have excavated two complete and two partial skulls of a dino called Abydosaurus mcintoshi , a 105 - million - year - old sauropod , which the scientists think might have descended from the brachiosaurus family .
" It is amazing .
You can hold the skull in your hands and look into the eyes of something that lived a very long time ago " [ USA Today ]
, says paleontologist Brooks Britt , co-author of the study that appeared in the journal Naturwissenschaften .
Click through the photo gallery for more pictures from the dig , and for the whole story .
Image : Brigham Young University
NEXT >
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
The new dinosaur was a long time in coming , and not just because it 's more than 100 million years old .
The fossils came from Dinosaur National Monument , a park in Colorado and Utah .
But this particular quarry was n't discovered until the 1970s and was n't excavated until the early 1990s .
The skulls were found in 2005 .
Tantalized researchers , though , were stymied by rocks around the bones that were so hard that workers were unable to break through , even with use of a jackhammers and concrete saws [ Los Angeles Times ]
.
Naturally , they turned to explosives .
For three days teams detonated explosions to loosen the rock without damaging the fossils .
Image : Brigham Young University
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
Britt says even finding the skulls , which appear to come from juveniles , was a lucky break .
This photo shows Britt and his colleagues preparing to remove a bone from the quarry wall .
Image : Brigham Young University
" It 's quite a fortuitous thing .
In many dinosaurs , the bones of the head do not fuse up , especially in sauropods .
You have an array of components that are held together by soft tissue .
The only thing that stays together is the brain case " [ Salt Lake Tribune ]
.
Only eight of the 120 known sauropods have had fully recovered skulls .
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
While the sensational find is currently on display at Brigham Young University , what you 'd have hard time seeing on this dino — its tiny teeth — are of particular interest to Britt and colleagues .
Teeth , they say , got progressively smaller from the time of the brachiosaurus circa 150 million years ago to later sauropods that lived tens of millions of years afterward .
The well - preserved teeth of Abydosaurus mcintoshi , they say , represent a middle point to see this evolution in progress .
Image : Brigham Young University
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
< PREVIOUS
Like all other sauropods , Abydosaurus ate plants .
Britt says the fossilized skulls show that the massive herbivore did n't have the right kind of teeth to chew its food , and instead probably gulped down big bites of plant matter whole , and did the " chewing " further down in its digestive tract .
Image : Michael Skrepnick
< PREVIOUS
THE point Nancy Scola is making here seems logical enough at first .
We saw it with China , when they responded to a possible Google pullout by complaining that the World Wide Web is hopelessly flooded with American content , and we see it again and again in Cuba , where the Castro regime argues that the content on the Web is so skewed toward American interests that they just do n't want it for their people .
From the perspective of Beijing or Havana , it 's as if you turned on a TV in New York City and 470 of 500 channels were running Latin American telenovelas .
More local , non-English content would be good for everyone involved .
Kevin Drum notes that in fact , obviously , authoritarian regimes are using concerns over cultural autonomy as a smokescreen for asserting political control .
But even this does n't quite express how off - point Ms Scola is .
In fact , regimes like China and Iran ( and Vietnam , and others ) are not unduly worried about English - language content produced in America flooding their countries , because few of their citizens can read English .
( It 's not even the same alphabet .
Cuba , admittedly , may be different . )
What really worries such countries is politically independent material produced in local languages .
Such countries often allow the English - language websites of , say , the BBC or Voice of America to be viewed unimpeded inside the country .
It is the Mandarin- , Farsi - , and Vietnamese - language sites of such news organisations that are blocked .
True , much of the politically sensitive material produced in these languages comes from diaspora communities in America and Europe .
But that is precisely because these regimes crack down so hard on locally - produced political content .
It 's convenient for China and others to claim that cultural anti-imperialism is the reason for their curbs on internet content .
If that 's true , they can prove it by allowing their own citizens to post whatever they want .
Do n't hold your breath .
Last week , when President Obama was asked about the $ 9 m dollar bonus for Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein , he described Blankfein as a savvy businessman , adding that Americans do n't begrudge people being rewarded for success .
While the White House later qualified Obama 's comment about Blankfein and his fellow bank executives , it 's worth examining more closely some of the ways in which Blankfein and the Goldman gang were " savvy " .
Perhaps the Goldman gang 's best claim to savvy was in buying up hundreds of billions of dollars of mortgages and packaging them into mortgage backed securities , and more complex derivative instruments , and selling them all over the world .
Blankfein and Goldman earned tens of billions of dollars on these deals .
The great trick was that many of the loans put into these securities were issued by banks filling in phony information so that borrowers could get loans that they would not be able to repay .
But this was not Goldman 's concern .
They made money on the packaging and the selling of the securities .
In fact , Goldman actually recognised that many of these loans would go bad .
So they went to the insurance giant AIG and got them to issue credit default swaps against many of the securities it had created .
In effect they were betting that their own securities were garbage .
Now that is savvy .
( It says something else about the highly paid executives at AIG . )
Goldman does n't just confine its savvy to the US economy ; it shares it with the rest of the world as well .
According to the New York Times it worked closely with the Greek government over the last decade to help it conceal its budget deficit .
The trick was to construct complex financial arrangements that appeared on the books as " swaps " , even though they were in fact loans .
Greece was adding billions of dollars to its debt , and thanks to the ingenuity of the Goldman crew , no one knew about it until now .
But Goldman 's greatest triumph was to get the government to come to its rescue when the financial sector was melting down in the fall of 2008 as the housing bubble that they had helped to fuel began to collapse .
The treasury secretary and former Goldman CEO Henry Paulson rushed to Congress and demanded $ 700bn for the banks , no questions asked .
He dragged along Federal Reserve Board chairman Ben Bernanke for support , along with Timothy Geithner , then the important head of the New York Federal Reserve Bank and now President Obama 's treasury secretary .
This triumvirate somehow managed to convince Congress that we would have a second Great Depression if it did n't cough up the money immediately with no conditions .
At that point Goldman , Morgan Stanley , Citigroup , and most of the other major banks were staring at bankruptcy .
While this cascade of bank failures would have been bad news for the economy , there was no plausible scenario in which it would have led to a second Great Depression .
There was also no reason that Congress could not have put conditions on its money .
For example , Congress could have dictated that as a condition of getting the money that bankers would get the same sort of paycheques as other workers , that they would get out of highly speculative activity , that the largest banks would be downsized and that the principle would be written down on bad mortgages .
At that point , Congress could have told the bank honchos that they had to run around Wall Street naked with their underpants on their head .
The bankers had no choice ; their banks would crash and burn without government support .
But the savvy Mr Blankfein and the other bankers got the money no questions asked .
In fact , Goldman even got the government to pick up the bankrupt AIG 's debts .
Thanks to the government 's intervention , Goldman got paid every penny on its bets with AIG .
This came to $ 13bn , enough money to pay for 4 million kid-years of healthcare under the Children 's Health Insurance Program .
No one should doubt that Blankfein is a very savvy banker .
Without his ingenuity Goldman Sachs would likely be out of business , its component divisions being auctioned off to the highest bidder .
Instead it is making record profits and paying out record bonuses .
But unlike the successful ballplayers to whom President Obama compared Blankfein , Goldman 's success is inherently parasitic .
It comes at the expense of taxpayers and the productive economy .
President Obama must decide whether he stands with the Wall Street banks or whether he stands with the workers and businesses who actually produce wealth .
January 29 , 2010
Tim Koch and Adam Sanchez explain the significance of Measures 66 and 67 in Oregon , which won approval from voters in a special election on Tuesday .
WHILE RIGHT - WING pundits were crowing about Scott Brown 's victory in Massachusetts , voters in Oregon sent a different message to the nation :
Tax the rich .
That 's the meaning of the passage of Measures 66 and 67 in Oregon in a special election January 26 .
Like most states , Oregon is dealing with one of the largest budget deficits in its history - - $ 4.4 billion .
In state after state , the story is familiar .
As the ranks of the unemployed rise , income taxes decline and , as foreclosures mount , property taxes plummet .
During the neoliberal boom of the last 35 years , state governments typically cut taxes for corporations and the wealthy , and put the majority of the tax burden on the middle and working classes , and now most states are finding huge holes in their budgets .
Since states are required by law to balance their budgets , this means that while the federal government is injecting a record stimulus into the economy through tax cuts and spending increases , the 50 state governments must do the opposite .
In Oregon , the state legislature decided that rather than push through budget cuts that would put the entire deficit on the backs of working people , they would try to bring in $ 727 million through raising taxes on some of the wealthiest Oregonians and corporations operating in the state .
Originally , big business was at the table , helping the Democratic - run legislature craft new tax proposals .
But when the lobbyists demanded a temporary tax proposal that would have put more of the burden on small businesses than large corporations , and that would have raised taxes on all Oregonians , rather than the top 3 percent , the Democrats -- for once -- held their ground and passed Measures 66 and 67 .
Measure 66 slightly raises taxes on the top 3 percent of earners in Oregon and exempts 270,000 unemployed Oregonians from taxes on their first $ 2,400 in unemployment benefits .
Measure 67 raises the corporate minimum tax in Oregon , which has been on the books since 1931 , from $ 10 to $ 150 , and slightly raises tax rates on upper - level profits .
AFTER THE measures passed through the legislature , the Chambers of Commerce and big business associations banded together with anti-tax " tea party " activists to get enough signatures to put the tax measures on the ballot .
They filled their campaign coffers with donations from Nike billionaire Phil Knight and Columbia Sportswear CEO Tim Boyle , and poured millions of dollars into deceptive advertisements proclaiming the horrors of raising taxes during a recession .
Luckily , voters did n't buy it .
Thanks to hundreds of volunteers who spent hours knocking on doors and making phone calls to urge a yes vote , Measure 66 passed by more than 100,000 votes and Measure 67 by a slightly smaller margin .
According to some analysts , it was liberal Portland and surrounding Multnomah County that imposed a yes vote on the rest of the state -- because they represent about a third of the state 's overall population .
A closer look at county - by - county tallies , however , tells a different story .
Take rural Wasco County with a population of just over 8,000 people .
There , the vote split right down the middle -- with 3,970 for Measures 66 and 67 and 4,095 against .
Similar breakdowns were seen in many rural counties .
While Multnomah 's vote was key to the ultimate victory of the measures , the margin by which it passed is explained by the number of yes votes coming from rural and traditionally conservative counties .
The passage of the tax measures in supposedly anti-tax Oregon should make it apparent that people are sick of budget cuts , and are ready to make the rich pay their fair share .
Indeed , Measures 66 and 67 represent the first time that Oregon voters have approved an increase in income tax rates in over 80 years .
Oregonians have repeatedly shot down attempts to impose a sales tax ( Oregon is one of six states with no sales tax ) and " sin " taxes ( on liquor and cigarettes ) .
What makes Measures 66 and 67 different is that they targeted the wealthiest 3 percent of income earners and large corporations .
Also , Measure 66 gives a big break for the 270,000 or so Oregonians who collect unemployment benefits .
But these measures were n't just about taxes .
The top donors to the campaign opposing Measures 66 ad 67 spent far more money cranking out misleading ads than they will actually have to pay in increased taxes .
While the passage of these measures wo n't end Oregon 's budget crisis , they represent a challenge to the neoliberal ideology that brought the global economy to its knees .
They open the door to the idea that since the rich have done so well when times are good , perhaps they should pay more when times are bad .
Who is the Piano Man ? Bob Rae Stephen Harper pollcode.com free polls
I was at the Victory Fund fundraiser last night in Toronto .
I thought Ignatieff was better than he 's been at past events and he tantalizingly teased us that there would be concrete policy coming from the Liberals shortly .
However , the highlight of the night was the Piano Man , Bob Rae , who regaled everyone with " you are my sunshine " , " Auld Lang Syne " , and his own version of " Let It Be " .
Here 's the video , courtesy of Jeff Anonymous Liberal senior strategist strategizers I talked to after the performance generally placed Rae 's talent on par with Harper 's , although one party insider felt Harper had a better singing voice .
Still , most were willing to give
Bob the edge on creativity , while conceding Harper chutzpah points for the venue choice .
So let 's put it to a vote .
After watching both videos , who deserves the title of Political Piano Man ?
Labels : Bob Rae , Stephen Harper
Offering various size and style hand towels .
In size 15 x 25 , 16 x 27 and 16 x 30 inches .
Our budget hand towels are light weight and thin feature 100 % cotton economy cotton , these towels are perfect for cleaning & big enough to be used as a car wash towel .
These towels are shipped compressed .
Simply run the towels through a regular washing cycle , This will help loosen up fibers .
I was going to blog about the fact that using org - mode , referred to in my previous diary entry , made the important but non-urgent tasks more visible .
I was going to use sorting out backups for interesting data ( say , my e-mail archives ) as an example , and discuss the solution I came up with , but I have just realised that the trust model is exactly backwards ( my server trusts root on the backup machine ) .
This is annoying , because I thought I 'd got it right , and because getting it right would have been equally easy .
Oh well .
So , instead , I 'll return sorting out backups to the TODO ( or maybe STARTED ) state , and ( prompted by some recent discussion on # lisp IRC ) I 'll blog about SBCL 's interpretation of Unicode characters , with the up - front caveat that I'm Not An Expert in this languages , glyphs , graphemes , characters and all that jazz .
Common Lisp 's string type is defined to be a vector specialized to hold only characters or a subtype thereof .
This definition is already hard to wrap your head around , and has amusing consequences documented here in the past , but I do n't want to get into it too much ; merely to say that already this definition restricts to a fairly large extent the possible implementation strategies for supporting Unicode .
Why so ?
Because in Unicode there are several notions of ‘ character ’ , and we have to decide which of them we 're going to use as our Lisp character type ( and use as string constituents ) .
The simple answer from the implementation point of view ( and the route that SBCL currently takes ) is to define a Lisp character as an entity corresponding directly to a Unicode code point .
This is simple and straightforward to implement , but unfortunately has the side effect of making various Common Lisp string functions less useful to the user .
How so ?
Well , consider the string comparison functions , such as string= .
As specified , string= compares two string s , character by character .
In SBCL , then , this compares two sequences of Unicode code points , character by character , for equality .
The problem is that this operation does n't in general have the semantics of ‘ string equality ’ , because in Unicode there is more than one way to encode the same abstract character : for example , the e-acute ‘ abstract character ’ , or possibly ‘ grapheme ’ , e-acute ( which is usually displayed ‘ é ’ ) can be represented either as the single code point U+00E9 , or as the combining character sequence U+0065 U+0301 .
So , that 's OK ; the Unicode FAQ on Combining Marks says that characters and combining character sequences are different , and even implies that programmers should be dealing with Unicode code points ( SBCL character s ) .
Unfortunately , Lisp has been around for longer than Unicode , and code has been written essentially assuming that string= performs a language - string equality comparison rather than a codepoint - by - codepoint equality comparison , simply because ( pre-Unicode ) these two concepts were conflated .
What about the alternative ?
We could try defining Lisp character s to be abstract characters , represented as combining character sequences .
One problem with this idea is that there 's the char - code function to implement : for every Lisp character there must be a corresponding unique integer .
That 's not so much a problem – Lisp has bignum s after all – but it will make char - code - limit surprisingly large ( in principle , I think every combining mark could be applied to a given base character ) .
This means that we'd lose the ability to represent an arbitrary character as an immediate object , meaning that accessing characters from strings would in general cause heap allocation , and lead to surprises elsewhere in the system .
So , given that we stay with a Lisp character corresponding to a Unicode code point , what other pitfalls and details are there to consider ?
The memory representation of strings of type ( simple - array character ( * ) ) is worth mentioning ; because there 's a fairly strong cultural expectation of O ( 1 ) access time in vectors , we do n't do any compression , but simply store each Unicode codepoint in a 32 - bit cell .
SBCL has a separate base - string representation , where each ASCII codepoint is stored in an 8 - bit cell ; a long time ago I gave a talk about this .
Also , interpretation of the contents of string s has caused confusion recently .
Granted that a string is a vector of ( effectively ) code points , what does that mean for strings containing surrogate characters ( code points in the range U+D800 –U+DFFF ) ?
These code points do not correspond to any abstract characters directly ; instead , pairs of surrogates are ( in certain Unicode encodings , such as UTF - 16 ) interpreted as characters beyond the Basic Multilingual Plane .
Some Lisp implementations ( such as OpenMCL Clozure Common Lisp ) go so far to resolve this ambiguity as to forbid the creation of a Lisp character with a surrogate codepoint .
In SBCL , however , we take the view that those characters exist , but should not be interpreted in any way ; a string containing surrogate pairs should be considered to have individual surrogate characters in it , and no attempt should be made to combine them .
If there is data in an encoding which uses surrogate pairs ( such as UTF - 16 ) , then that data should be read in using the :utf - 16 external format , so that no surrogates are present at the Lisp level ; an attempt to write out a surrogate Lisp character in a Unicode encoding should generate an error .
( NB : not all of this is implemented yet ) .
All of this merely scratches the surface of Unicode support ; I 'm hoping to find time to implement better support for finding properties of the Unicode Character Database , and to implement Unicode algorithms for normalization , collation and so on ; I 'm also planning to tighten up support for the Unicode encodings ( to address the potential security issues that exist from nonconforming decoders ) and generally to improve support for doing useful things with non-ASCII .
As usual , there 's likely to be a significant lag between planning and doing ...
With the deadline for the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq at the end of next year creeping nearer , the U.S. has to find some way to convince the Iraqi government to allow a continued military presence , which is the likely outcome despite the U.S. - Iraq status of forces agreement containing the deadline .
One means by which this will be accomplished , relabeling “ combat forces ” something else , perhaps remaining as “ military advisers ” or something to that effect , has already been discussed .
Thomas E. Ricks outlines another rationale for maintaining a military occupation of Iraq in the New York Times , offering up a variation on a theme that has been familiar throughout the war that is likely to become a mainstay in the political discourse .
With a national election approaching for Iraq on March 7 , Ricks opines that “ the results are unlikely to resolve key political struggles that could return the country to sectarianism and violence . ”
Therefore , what “ probably is the best course ” for President Obama is to “ once again break his campaign promises about ending the war , and to offer to keep tens of thousands of troops in Iraq for several more years . ”
Ricks emphasizes the theme of chaos in his op - ed , even writing that the consequence of U.S. troops withdrawing might be “ a civil war ” .
The notion of the U.S. military presence as a stabilizing influence in Iraq is certainly not unfamiliar , despite all evidence to the contrary , including Iraqi opposition — oftentimes violent — to continued occupation .
It ’s a theme that has also been used to justify the troop surge falsely credited with the decline in violence since 2007 .
Ricks suggests that the American public could be persuaded to accept a continued military occupation in Iraq because they “ understand just what a mess it is ” , but adds that “ Extending the American military presence will be even more politically controversial in Iraq ” than in the U.S .
The reason is too obvious to mention , but Ricks does manage to fit it in further down the page .
“ No one there particularly likes having the Americans around , ” he concedes in passing , towards the end of his argument for why the Americans should stick around .
As evidence of what “ a mess ” Iraq is and just how real the threat of “ civil war ” might be if U.S. forces do n’t remain to stabilize the country , Ricks writes that “ the latest ” sign is “ the decision over the weekend of the leading Sunni party , the National Dialogue Front , to withdraw from the elections . ”
Ricks does n’t bother enlightening his readers as to why the party decided to boycott the elections .
But the New York Times did explain elsewhere that its “ two most prominent leaders were disqualified from next month ’s parliamentary elections in Iraq because of supposed ties to Saddam Hussein ’s Baath Party ” ( emphasis added ) , and that the boycott “ was prompted by the disqualification of hundreds of candidates , most of them Sunni , by a parliamentary commission last month . ”
The party issued a statement declaring that “ The National Dialogue Front cannot continue in a political process run by a foreign agenda , ” a reference to the origins of the commission that disqualified Sunni candidates , although the Times does n’t bother to explain the remark to its readers .
The Times did , however , does offer an explanation in a separate article , which noted that the decision to disqualify “ 515 candidates ” was mostly on the basis “ of accusations that they retained links to Saddam Hussein ’s Baath Party ” ( emphasis added ) .
The body in question , the Times noted , is “ the Accountability and Justice Commission , charged with purging the country ’s government of loyalists of the Baath Party ” .
Although an appeals court reversed the disqualification of 26 of the candidates , the commission ’s decisions on the rest were upheld , either through rejection of appeals or failure to appeal in the first place .
Yet another Times article offered a few more dots , though again no effort was made to connect them for their its readers .
It stated that “ many lawmakers had questioned the murky process by which a committee with disputed authority … was able to bar nearly one in six candidates based on evidence that has never been made public . ”
Additionally , “ Some of those disqualified appeared to have only tenuous ties , if any , to the Baath Party , the only official political entity allowed under Mr. Hussein ’s government and one that dominated social and economic life . ”
The article cryptically hinted at the commission ’s origin by stating that “ The process for establishing those ties dates from the early months after the American invasion in 2003 when the party was banned after Mr. Hussein ’s fall . ”
For a more complete explanation , one may turn to still another Times article entitled “ The Long , Long Shadow of Early Missteps in Iraq ” , which actually manages to connect a few dots for its readers .
The commission ’s origin was “ Order No. 1 ” , issued by L. Paul Bremer III on his fifth day as the head of the U.S. Coalition Provisional Authority , established after the collapse of the Saddam Hussein regime .
That decree banned the Baath Party , a process dubbed “ de - Baathification ” that helped to spur the Iraqi insurgency .
“ Order No. 1 was a beginning that has yet to have an end , ” the article stated , “ a little like America ’s presence in a land it clumsily sought to cast in its own image . ”
The Accountability and Justice Commission , it explained , is “ the legacy of Mr. Bremer ’s order ” .
Moreover , we may learn elsewhere , the chairman of the commission is none other than Ahmed Chalabi , the known fabricator who peddled false claims of Iraqi weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) to the U.S. , including through Times reporter Judith Miller .
The commission is dominated “ by officials appointed by Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al - Maliki , ” Kenneth M. Pollack and Michael E. O’Hanlon inform us in an additional Times op - ed offering up a few more dots .
The commission ’s decision , they write , “ will do more than just throw a wrench in the works .
It will persuade a great many Iraqis that the prime minister or other Shiites , like Mr. Chalabi , are using their control over the electoral mechanics to kneecap their rivals .
It may also convince many Sunnis that they will never be allowed to win if they play by the rules , and that violence is their only option . ”
Echoing Ricks ’ rationale for maintaining a military presence in Iraq , they add , “ If this ban remains in effect , the likelihood of electoral violence will skyrocket , and American soldiers will inevitably be called on to halt it . ”
The U.S. embassy in Baghdad , they write , “ is working feverishly to persuade the Iraqis to change course . ”
The top U.S. commander in Iraq , General Raymond T. Odierno , publicly accused Chalabi and the executive director of the commission , Ali Faisal al - Lami , of being “ clearly influenced by Iran ” .
Al - Lami , Odierno added , “ has been involved in very nefarious activities in Iraq for some time .
It is disappointing that someone like him is put in charge of the de-Ba’athification commission . ”
In other words , the U.S. is now criticizing both Iraq and Iran for upholding a law the U.S. itself was responsible for decreeing , through a commission the U.S. itself was responsible for establishing , by means of a mandate the U.S. itself was responsible for implementing .
As a result of the supposedly Iranian - influenced decision of the Iraqi commission to carry out its U.S. - dictated mandate , the country is expected to erupt once more into sectarian violence unless the decision to withdraw U.S. forces is reversed so that the U.S. military can save Iraqis , most of whom do n’t want U.S. forces in their country , from themselves .
This view is expressed by Ricks , who adds that by withdrawing its forces , “ the United States would be rushing toward failure in Iraq ” by “ trying to pass responsibility to Iraqi officials and institutions before they are ready for the task . ”
But there is hope in that both U.S. and Iraqi leaders “ may come to recognize that the best way to deter a return to civil war is to find a way to keep 30,000 to 50,000 United States service members in Iraq for many years to come . ”
Perhaps an indication of what he means by “ many years to come ” , Ricks closes by asserting that “ The best argument against keeping troops in Iraq is the one some American military officers make , which is that a civil war is inevitable , and that by staying all we are doing is postponing it .
That may be so , but I do n’t think it is worth gambling to find out . ”
The logical corollary is that U.S. forces must remain in Iraq for a period of time perhaps shorter than forever , but longer than the foreseeable future , in order to prevent this “ inevitable ” consequence of withdrawal , which is itself evidence that the Iraqis could n’t get along without the U.S. there to , as Ricks puts it , “ help Iraq move forward politically ” .
In this case , that apparently means disregarding the U.S. “ Order No. 1 ” .
But never mind the actual origin of this particular crisis .
It ’s a simple enough matter to just attribute it to the backwardness of the Iraqis themselves , or perhaps to the meddlesomeness of neighboring Iran , which , needless to say , is n’t on Washington ’s good side anyways .
Ricks ’ or a similar rationale is likely to win the day , and by such means the U.S. will work around the status of forces agreement deadline for withdrawal and convince the American people and the Iraqi leadership that it needs to stay .
The Iraqi public is another matter , but , they , after all , require no convincing , since their views simply do n’t matter , except for possibly factoring in as a minor political obstacle to be overcome .
And so it goes .
Last Wednesday , I met with an executive from Demand Media , a company that generates content based on popular Web searches and other data .
Since then , I ’ve spent about 20 hours reading past articles , calling people for background , doing interviews , writing my column , and working on the copy with editors Sunday afternoon .
At Demand ’s current pay rate , I ’d be making almost a buck an hour .
Never heard of Demand ?
You ’ve probably seen its products .
The company has five times more video on YouTube than any other single source and over one million original articles floating around the Web with an endless array of how - to and what - the - heck instructionals on everything from how to make your own bobblehead doll to bobbing for apples .
According to the company , its YouTube videos are streamed 2.5 million times daily .
And in those five days it took me to write this column , the company published 20,000 new articles or videos about losing weight , learning new tricks on a skateboard or tips for job hunting .
Demand , which has $ 355 million in backing , was co-founded in 2006 by Richard Rosenblatt , who was the head of Intermix , the birthplace of MySpace , and by Shawn Colo , who has a background in private equity investments .
The company lives up to its name , with the hive mind of the Web serving as an assignment editor .
In the summer of 2006 , metropolitan Phoenix was under siege .
Two serial killers stalked the streets — one a violent rapist , the other a " shooter " picking his victims off at random .
Naturally , Phoenix police were taking any tips they could get .
So when Allison DuBois called wanting to talk , they listened .
DuBois ' name might have sounded familiar to the cops .
That summer , season two of Medium , the television series based on her life and alleged psychic powers , had just wrapped .
Patricia Arquette , her TV alter ego , had won an Emmy for her work on the show 's first season .
Detective Alex Femenia , the lead investigator in the " Baseline Killer " case , followed every tip he got .
But DuBois led him nowhere .
DuBois says she called the detective because a mutual friend at the County Attorney 's Office asked her to .
At the time , she said in three separate media interviews that the Baseline Killer had possibly fled to California and that he had facial features not tied to any race , and skin that was dark but not necessarily black .
DuBois could n't get as much info on the " Serial Shooter " because he did n't make contact with his victims .
( She says she profiles people by getting inside the heads of both the criminals and the victims . )
She said she could " feel " the length of the Baseline Killer 's hair , saying it was long enough to tuck up under a cap .
She felt he had issues with his mother .
She felt the killer would be arrested in August .
Well , she was close on that last one .
In early August 2006 , police arrested two white men , Dale Hausner and Samuel John Dieteman , and charged them with the serial shootings .
On September 4 , the Phoenix Police Department arrested Mark Goudeau , an African American construction worker with short hair , living in Phoenix .
In December 2007 , Goudeau was convicted of sexually assaulting two women .
He is scheduled to stand trial on 74 additional charges , including nine counts of murder .
Dieteman has pleaded guilty to two counts of murder in the Serial Shooter case , and Hausner awaits trial on eight counts .
Police generally refuse to talk about ongoing cases .
But when New Times called to tell them about DuBois ' latest book , Sergeant Andy Hill made an exception .
Chapter Two of Secrets of the Monarch , published last year , details her take on the Baseline Killer case , including her impressions of the suspects , her anger over how her city was under attack , and her desire to help close the case .
To be fair , DuBois does credit the police department with cracking the case , though she says the arrest timeline she gave them was important .
Hill says that according to both the lead investigator , Femenia , and the lead supervisor on the case , DuBois had nothing to do with catching Goudeau .
" Sometime during the sequence of crimes , the lead investigator said that , to his best recollection , he had two conversations with Ms. DuBois , " Hill says .
" It seemed to him that Ms. DuBois was trying to get information from him .
But the only information she suggested was one statement that was totally incorrect , stating she thought the suspect was a transient and had left the state . "
That 's the thing about DuBois .
She 's charismatic as hell , and most definitely has friends in high places , but when it comes down to high - profile cases she claims to have worked , the cops and the family members of the victims deny she was any help .
It 's been two years since the Baseline Killer terrorized her city , and Allison DuBois has never been more popular .
Her show is entering its fifth season of production , she 's touring the country with Secrets of the Monarch , and she 's begun teaching private classes — at $ 150 a session — on how to tap into one 's psychic abilities .
Her fans do n't care whether the police say she never worked with them or whether families of crime victims say her predictions are inconsistent .
DuBois shrugs off the criticism , saying denial is par for the course .
She fashions herself as much a publicist as a psychic .
In the Baseline Killer case , for example , she says she was just trying to raise public awareness .
" It 's not always in my hands to solve something , but I can at least get people to look at their neighbors , " she says .
DuBois has an almost mesmerizing way of explaining away her mistakes , and she 's managed to keep both her erroneous predictions , and her naysayers , largely confined to Internet forums .
She 's built a nice empire for herself : three bestselling books , a packed tour schedule , and the reason you know her name — an Emmy - winning , highly rated television show purportedly based on her life .
For this story , DuBois and her husband were interviewed extensively , as were the families and friends of people she 's written about and representatives of agencies she says she 's worked with .
DuBois opened up as much as she ever seems to open up — even allowing her three kids to be interviewed — but much of her private life remains private .
Background for this story also came from her bestselling books , a book written about her by Tucson parapsychologist Gary Schwartz , and the show Medium .
The truth is , in the cases New Times examined — from the one that got her started to a high - profile murder last year — questions about DuBois ' involvement ( or lack thereof ) emerged .
In March 1999 , 6 - year - old Opal Jennings was abducted from an empty lot near her grandmother 's home in Tarrant County , Texas .
DuBois claims she was called in to work the case by the Texas Rangers , who subsequently denied her involvement .
More recently , DuBois worked the case of 19 - year - old Jackie Hartman , who disappeared from Gilbert in late January 2007 .
Her body was found a month later .
Though DuBois went on The Oprah Winfrey Show to talk about the case , she did little to find Hartman 's body or catch the man who killed her , says Dave Hartman , the woman 's father .
Even the story behind the death of a friend , featured prominently in all three of her books , is disputed by the sister of the deceased .
But there are scores of devoted DuBois fans ( including a professor at the University of Arizona who studies psychics ) who swear she 's the real deal , that she 's personally contacted their dead loved ones .
These people are n't alone .
According to a 2005 Gallup poll , 41 percent of Americans believe in extrasensory perception .
And no psychic , from Nostradamus to Sylvia Browne , has a perfect track record .
DuBois is certainly in well - known ( if not always correct ) company .
She 's no Oracle of Apollo , but thanks to Medium , she 'll at least go down in pop-culture history .
In the TV series , the DuBois character receives her visions while she 's dreaming , the same way Samuel and Joseph did while working for Old Testament kings and tyrants .
In the 1500s , Nostradamus is purported to have predicted many modern - day events — the JFK assassination and the terrorist attack on the Twin Towers , for example .
But like DuBois ' , his predictions are extremely controversial .
An entire branch of academia exists to debunk him .
Today , psychics are split into two factions .
You 've got Miss Cleo and her army of 900 - number fortune - tellers on one hand , and people like John Edward , Sylvia Browne , and Allison DuBois on the other .
The Edwards and Brownes of the world — and , most notably , DuBois herself — have built reputations thanks in large part to parapsychologist Gary Schwartz and television shows that bring their supposed abilities to the masses .
Also thanks to TV , DuBois comes with a high price tag .
In February , fans went to the Mesa Arts Center and paid $ 75 a pop to hear her lecture on what it 's like to talk to dead people and how fans can attempt to make contact with their lost loved ones .
Onstage , DuBois looks good in her jeans , boots , and black blazer .
A box of Kleenex is strategically positioned next to her seat for whomever she will bring onstage later .
Her signature red hair looks like it's on fire as she lists her accomplishments for the crowd and makes distinctions between her real life and the one portrayed on TV .
The biggest similarity is that she has three kids and a husband named Joe ( though he was George until two years ago ) .
She owns a gun .
She relishes the thought of sending " bad guys " to death row .
Toward the end of her presentation , she brings a man onstage to talk to him about his dead wife and children .
The way she does the reading , it sounds like a conversation between friends , but the man obviously believes what she 's saying about the messages his loved ones are sending from beyond .
DuBois does n't look like someone who suffers skeptics kindly , and she says as much a month later over swordfish at the Rokerij steak house in central Phoenix .
" I 'm spiritual ; I 'm not a doormat , " she says .
" I 'm from Arizona .
I wear boots .
I 'll give you a little kick . "
DuBois developed her tough - talking attitude early in life .
Her childhood was not an easy one .
It 's a topic she obviously avoids , except as it relates to the psychic experiences she claims to have had as a child .
Her parents , Mike Gomez and Tienna DuBois , divorced when she was a baby .
Tienna remarried and divorced again when Allison was 12 .
In her first book , DuBois writes about seeing her stepdad in public with his new family .
" He did n't see me and I never saw him again . "
A self - proclaimed daddy 's girl , DuBois did n't get to spend much time with her late father ( he passed away in 2002 ) , either .
She wrote about seeing him on Saturdays only .
Court records from May 1976 , when DuBois was 4 , reveal a child - support dispute .
( Attempts to reach Tienna DuBois , including through Allison and Joe , were fruitless . )
DuBois says her first experience with her " abilities " — her term for what she does as a psychic / medium — came when she was 6 , on the day of her grandfather 's funeral .
She says he appeared at the foot of her bed and asked her to tell her mom he was okay .
Her mother did not believe her .
But DuBois says her late maternal grandmother was also a medium .
She believes it 's genetic and says her three girls have abilities as well .
She remembers playing games with her grandma that were designed to hone her skills .
" You can see it in children .
I saw it in mine .
So , she always knew .
She was accepting of it , " she says .
" We would play Wheel of Fortune and I 'd name it before the letters were turned . "
DuBois ' childhood sounds lonely .
She writes about spending time with her stuffed animals but rarely about spending time with friends .
The two things that seem to have gotten her through were competitive roller - skating and her overwhelming desire to be a lawyer .
" All I wanted was to be a prosecuting attorney .
I carried a briefcase to school .
I wore navy blue sweaters and navy blue culottes and penny loafers , " she says .
" I was such a dork , but I felt it was a smart look . "
She talks often about her unrealized dream — and is overjoyed that her oldest daughter , 13 - year - old Aurora , has expressed a similar ambition .
Her familial relationships were always strained , especially on her father 's side , and remain so today .
" Honestly , my father was Hispanic and my mom was German .
She was tall and beautiful and everything they hated .
On that side of the family , nobody seems to be happy for you when you go anywhere in life , " she says .
" We have n't seen them since my dad died . "
There 's an exception .
A cousin from her dad 's side of the family recently took over her husband 's job as her manager .
" He 's the only reason I do n't need a DNA test to know I 'm related to those people , " she says .
By the time she was 16 , DuBois had moved out of her mom's house because of a conflict with her stepfather .
Though she attended both North High School in Phoenix and Corona del Sol in Tempe , she graduated from neither .
Instead , she dropped out and got her GED at 16 .
The longer she lived on her own , running with a party crowd , the less she thought about her future .
Domenic Skala , a friend of DuBois ' since she was 16 and the ex-husband of her late friend Domini ( more on her later ) , remembers thinking that DuBois did n't really fit in with their crowd of underage boozers and partiers .
" I told her , ' This is n't your crowd . '
It was n't a rough crowd , but it was a party crowd , " he says .
" She just seemed like she had more potential . "
DuBois agreed .
" I remember kicking back with a beer and thinking how ludicrous it was that I had once told my sixth - grade teacher that I aspired to go to Harvard , " she writes in her first book , Do n't Kiss Them Goodbye .
" At this rate , I would n't even be going to community college .
My teenage years were painful and lonely . "
And they might have stayed that way if she had n't met her future husband , George Joe Klupar .
( In 2006 , according to Maricopa County Superior Court documents , the family legally changed its last name to DuBois and Klupar switched his first and middle names .
She says they made the changes because Klupar was such an unusual last name and Joe 's family was being harassed . )
They first met at Gators , an old Tempe sports bar .
Joe thought she looked like an angel , a pool table light shining down on her head .
Allison was much less impressed .
" I thought he was cute , but I thought he was annoying .
And he grabbed the back of my skort — skorts , I know ; it was the '90s — and I looked at him and said , ' If you ever touch me again , I will make your life a living hell , " she says , smiling at her husband , remembering the first words she said to him .
" He kept sending me beer and I kept sending it back . "
But the " annoying " aerospace engineer talked her into a date .
He took her to the Pink Pepper in Mesa and , again , Allison was not impressed .
" He talked about his ex-girlfriend the entire time , " she remembers .
She did n't plan on going out with him , but he kept calling , and by October 1993 , they were married .
" Aurora was born nine months later .
She still does the math , and I 'm , like , ' You were a week early .
Shut up , ' " DuBois says , laughing .
She settled down immediately to raise her little family .
She drifted apart from old friends and started to think about her legal dreams again .
She enrolled in school , first at Mesa Community College and then at Arizona State University , where she majored in political science and made plans to go to law school .
In between , she had her other two daughters , Fallon and Sophia .
She was a full - time student and a full - time mom , but her life as a full - time medium had not yet begun .
She graduated from ASU in 2000 and , in her last semester , she interned for the Maricopa County Attorney 's Office .
She says she still maintains friendships in the office and has consulted on juries for at least one trial .
As of press time , the County Attorney 's Office had not answered a request to confirm that claim .
She was excited to get the internship — her dream of working as a prosecuting attorney felt within reach .
Even with all the success that came to her after the internship was over , she mourns the loss of her dream .
" It 's hard , " she says .
" I have friends who are district attorneys , and they say , ' You 'd be a great prosecutor .
We wish we had you with us . ' "
And she probably would be .
She 's persuasive , aggressive , and smart .
But she says that because of her abilities , it would n't be right , especially because her long - term goal was to become a Superior Court judge .
" How could I be an impartial judge ?
I ca n't if I know they 're guilty , " she says .
" I would have to do something that 's probably not legal to make sure they do n't come out .
That 's not right .
That 's not the law . "
Her time at the County Attorney 's Office is probably one of the best - known parts of DuBois ' life , because it 's a major part of Medium 's plot .
But there are some big differences between what she did in real life and what the character does on TV .
Former Maricopa County Attorney Rick Romley , who was in office when DuBois was an intern , says he never met her .
But after the show came out , he got plenty of calls .
" I was a little surprised , " he says .
" The context by which the show was done was that she solves crime .
I remember being told she was being used as a jury expert . "
In the pilot , the intern DuBois is shown giving a presentation about the brutal murder of a young mother and her baby and offering her opinion on what happened .
Obviously , that 's beyond the scope of DuBois ' real - life internship , where she says she sorted crime - scene photos and filed papers .
The show is based on her life but never claims to be completely accurate .
She does say that her contact with the photos gave her flashes of intuition like the ones seen on the show .
She says that when she touched the photos , she could see the crimes as they happened through the eyes of the perpetrator and victim .
She does n't have visions in dreams the way the TV Allison does .
" I could see what was happening before the person was killed , " DuBois says .
She says victims show her symbols or words that are clues to where their bodies are located and what happened to them , but it 's easier if the killer actually had contact with the victim .
She also says she can read the minds of perpetrators — she calls it head tapping .
During her internship , part of DuBois ' job was to organize files on missing and exploited children from around the country .
A file on 6 - year - old Opal Jennings , a child who disappeared from her grandmother 's home near Dallas , landed in her hands .
She says the case is what led her to send a letter to law enforcement officials in Texas with information regarding the disappearance .
She then was invited to go to Texas to meet with the authorities there .
DuBois says she worked with the Texas Department of Public Safety ( nicknamed the " Texas Rangers " ) and showed them places where the body might be buried .
She did this in August 2000 , a year after the perpetrator , Richard Lee Franks , confessed and was taken into custody and two months after his first trial ended in a mistrial .
In September of that year , Franks was convicted at his second trial and sentenced to life in prison .
The little girl 's remains were not found until 2004 .
DuBois says she narrowed the location to a square mile , but because Texas DPS has denied ever working with her , there 's no way to prove or disprove her statement .
In a 2006 television interview , a sergeant with the Tarrant County Sheriff 's Department , which worked the Jennings case in conjunction with DPS , told Paula Zahn that he remembered DuBois ' offering her impressions about the case .
" But [ he ] also downplayed your efforts , " Zahn told DuBois .
" He ended up saying that any information you gave him was pretty darn generic and was n't that helpful . "
DuBois says she 's used to law enforcement denying her involvement in cases , as police officers in Texas and Arizona have .
" I do n't want anyone getting an appeal because I 'm in a courtroom , " she says .
" Which is why I do n't do it anymore .
I 'm a celebrity .
I could throw a jury one way or another , and you can't do that .
They 'd be , like , ' She 's here .
He must be guilty . '
Which I 'm okay with .
But it 's not lawful . "
Part of the reason her involvement is n't widely touted could be because , as in the Baseline Killer case , she 's just one of many tipsters who call the police .
And she 's not the only medium calling in .
On high - profile cases , the cops get hundreds of so - called psychic mediums coming to them with information .
Regardless of what really happened in Texas , after working the Jennings case , DuBois felt called away from her dream of becoming a lawyer .
Instead , she wanted to find out if she could be a medium .
She heard about Gary Schwartz , a professor at the University of Arizona who was conducting research on mediums in his lab .
Schwartz had garnered national attention after appearing in the 1999 HBO documentary Life After Life .
( The cable television network totally funded the research he conducted in the documentary and also supplied him with the mediums he tested . )
Allison decided to pay him a visit .
" It came down to the laboratory .
I said , if I can do something in the lab that makes me great — better than most — I will give up my dream to do my calling , " she says .
" That was a turning point . "
And she proved a force to be reckoned with in the lab , leading Schwartz to declare her " the Michael Jordan of the mediumship world , " something he stands by today , though the two are no longer on speaking terms .
Schwartz 's experimental designs are criticized by the scientific community , and his work is not sanctioned or paid for by either the university or the government .
Still , within the context of his laboratory , DuBois was clearly a superstar , shining as brightly as established psychic luminaries like John Edward and Lorie Roberts .
In 2001 , Paramount Studios contacted Schwartz 's lab to talk about a new show it was producing .
The show , which would be called Oracle , would feature five people with psychic abilities who would give readings for members of the audience , similar to John Edward 's hit Crossing Over .
Paramount wanted to know if any of Schwartz 's research mediums were interested in auditioning .
DuBois was .
She auditioned by giving a reading over the phone for one of the show 's producers before flying to L.A. to audition in person .
She was competing with 118 people , hoping to become one of the five oracles .
" I do n't play well with others , " she says .
" The producer pulled me aside and said , ' We 're like a family here . '
I said , ' I do n't get along with my own family .
Do n't ask me to do that here .
I 'm here to smack down and do what I do . '
That 's just my personality . "
Though DuBois made it to the final five , the pilot never aired .
" I could see why it was n't picked up , " she says .
" They did n't follow my advice . "
But DuBois had made quite an impression on one of its producers : Kelsey Grammer .
A year and a half later , Grammer 's assistant called DuBois to see whether she'd be interested in working with him on a show based on her life .
It would be fictionalized , but the characters would be based on her and her family .
She agreed .
Shortly after Medium debuted in 2005 , Schwartz came out with a book provocatively titled The Truth About Medium .
Really , it 's the truth about Schwartz 's research methods , but he does frame each chapter around DuBois , whom he calls a powerful medium .
The book showed DuBois in a positive light , but she was pissed .
She says she asked him not to write it and that when he did , she stopped allowing him to test her .
They are no longer on speaking terms .
She says it angers her that someone would try to profit from her abilities .
Schwartz will not comment on DuBois , even to defend himself , preferring to talk only about his experiments .
He 's not talking , but her naysayers are .
Though she has many fans , she also has many people who have devoted their lives to debunking her .
DuBois describes them as " angry , old white men with abandonment issues . "
And they , in turn , describe her as a " hypocritical asshole " and the " queen of questionable mediums , " while her fans are " credulous ass - hats , " loons , and nut bags .
One organization of skeptics , the Two Percent Company , even declared an " Allison DuBois Week " in 2005 during which they published a different article each day of the week debunking her .
James Randi ( a.k.a.
" The Amazing Randi " ) , a magician and professional skeptic , has offered DuBois , or any other psychic , $ 10 million if she can prove her abilities in a test that he would design .
She has n't accepted the offer .
No one 's ever passed his test .
DuBois does n't see what Randi and others are so upset about .
" The big argument is that we 're tricking people out of money .
Our clients do n't think that .
They 're very happy .
" I do n't know who you 're speaking for , " she says to her critics .
" You 're spinning your wheels , wasting your time on people who want to get help . "
After Medium debuted , DuBois began publishing books that were part memoir , part self - help manual .
In them , she offers advice on dealing with the death of a loved one , relays her experiences as a psychic , and talks about predictions she 's made that she says have come true .
In her first book , Do n't Kiss Them Goodbye , she writes about a childhood friend , Domini Sitts , whose death she claims to have predicted when she was 19 , when she told Sitts to quit smoking .
Sitts is the friend she lived with after she moved out of her mom's house and into an apartment .
DuBois recalls watching Beaches together and promising to care for Sitts ' kids if she died young .
Her younger sister , Karen Sitts , remembers their friendship differently .
" She 's pretended this relationship with my sister , but they were anything but best friends , " she says .
" They were friends , but the kind that got into fights all the time .
She and my sister had a falling out and did n't talk until she was dying and got back in touch . "
Quite different from the romantic way DuBois writes about their friendship in her book : " We cried together , we laughed together , and , when it was time , we said goodbye together . "
Domini Sitts has appeared in all of DuBois ' books and she talks about her in interviews as well .
During a 2005 radio interview , she expanded upon the Sitts storyline .
" The thing that was nice was , I was able to take her fear away , " she says .
" And when she was getting ready to pass she was , like , ' You 're right .
I can see my grandfather , and I know that they 're there . '
It was very important to me that she knew that before she died . "
Karen says it 's all a lie .
Her sister died of malignant melanoma , and her death , as she describes it , was gruesome .
Domini saw no one but family in the months before she died and , two weeks before her death , entered a drug - induced coma that she never came out of .
There was no wide - eyed deathbed vision .
" I want to clarify : The last time Ali saw Domini she was still walking around , " Sitts says .
" She was cognizant and was nowhere near dying . "
Sitts says her sister was terrified of dying because she thought she was going to Hell .
She held on to life to the point that her body began to decompose .
" I want to stress what a terrible state my sister was in when she died .
Because if Allison had known , I 'm sure she would have written something about that .
But she was n't there , " she says .
" The day she died , we were washing her and her ass actually came off .
You could see her bones .
It was the worst thing I 've ever been through in my life .
When Allison writes about my sister 's death , it 's really romanticized , and the fact of the matter is , it was ugly and painful . "
DuBois says Karen Sitts is absolutely wrong .
She says the only reason she was n't around during hospice was because the family would n't let her in .
" If they were n't there every day of my life , and every day of her life — which they were n't — they can not call into question my affection for Domini , " she says .
" It 's frustrating .
I memorialized her , and half the world is in love with her and praying for [ Domini 's daughter ] Marissa .
That 's all positive .
I do n't see how that could make them angry . "
Domini's ex-husband , Domenic Skala , who took care of Domini through much of her illness ( she moved into his apartment ) , corroborates DuBois ' story and says she 's also gone out of her way to care for Marissa in the years since the death of her mother .
Dave Hartman also knows what it 's like to have DuBois write about the painful death of a family member .
In her latest book , she writes about his 19 - year - old daughter Jackie , who was found slain in February 2007 .
On January 28 , 2007 , Jackie was believed to have been murdered by a man she went on a date with .
The nursing student at Chandler - Gilbert Community College had never been on a date before .
She was not confirmed dead until her body was discovered in the desert outside Fountain Hills almost a month later .
Police have charged Jonathan Burns with the crime , and his trial is likely to begin in January .
DuBois dedicates an entire chapter to her supposed role in finding the body .
She claims to have been contacted by a family friend and asked to help .
" The clincher for me was Jackie 's dad .
I saw him on the news , and he had so much love in his eyes for his daughter , and I could feel his heart break , " she writes .
Dave Hartman has never met or spoken with DuBois .
Until he was contacted by New Times to comment on the chapter , he did n't even know he'd been included in her book .
He thinks she saw a lot of things on the news .
In his opinion , all the predictions she made about his daughter were gleaned from nightly news updates on the high - profile case .
" I thought it was a bad interpretation of the truth , " he says .
" I had 60 or so of these so - called psychics and every one of them was so far - fetched .
I do n't mean to poke judgment , but a lot of things she says [ are ] wrong . "
After Jackie disappeared , DuBois appeared on The Oprah Winfrey Show to talk about the case .
A camera crew followed her as she went to the gas station where Jackie was last seen .
She predicted that the girl rolled down an embankment after she was killed and that there was a city limits sign nearby , but she did not give any more detail .
The former did n't happen , and there was no city limits sign near where Jackie 's body was found , according to Hartman .
DuBois says she does not like to give the bloody details of a case , out of respect for the family .
Hartman was asked to go to Chicago to sit in Oprah 's studio audience and hear what DuBois had to say about his daughter 's disappearance .
He did n't mind the publicity for the case , but he declined to appear .
" We were doing searches .
I had better things to do , " he says .
" I could n't afford to take two days off searching and I thought it was silly to put pressure on me to tape .
I had enough facts to work on . "
DuBois told the camera that she was being " shown a funeral . "
She also predicted the girl 's remains would be found in two weeks .
She was right about just two things : Jackie was dead and she was found within two weeks of the broadcast .
That 's it .
Hartman was n't impressed .
With almost 600 people searching for Jackie each day , he says it was just a matter of time before she was found .
And when the suspect 's truck was recovered , with Jackie 's blood inside it , he became certain his daughter was dead .
He did n't need a psychic to tell him that .
His best advice for parents of missing children is to put together highly organized search parties — and to avoid psychics .
" Do n't fall into that crap .
You 'll drive yourself crazy , " he says .
" They all claim they 're not trying to get famous and as soon as they can , they all write a book . "
Criticism like that is something that DuBois has learned comes with the territory , but it bothers her to be lumped in with the other psychics who contacted Hartman directly .
She says it 's true she never met him or spoke to him — but says that was purposeful .
" A lot of people say things that the family does n't need to hear .
Which is why I never work directly with the family .
I work with extraneous family members , " she says .
" I do n't like being clumped into the psychics that called him .
And I think I did a good job actually .
I think I was very respectful of her . "
Criticism certainly has n't affected DuBois - related book sales , television ratings , or lecture attendance around the world .
DuBois does n't feel especially compelled to convince people she 's for real .
" That 's not my job , " she says .
" This is what I share with people who understand . "
Medium just completed its fourth season with an estimated 10.4 million viewers .
Season five is slated to begin in January .
As the show has become more popular , interest in the real Allison DuBois has increased .
And that suits her fine .
She 's easily settled into the life of a minor celeb — not a hard thing to do when you 're summering in the Hamptons with Kelsey Grammer .
But she says the high life has had some pitfalls .
Her oldest daughter has had some trouble at school .
One boy was harassing her so badly , she says , that her family decided to move to a different school district next year .
DuBois ' other two children , Fallon and Sophia , say they have n't experienced any teasing since moving from private school to public .
In fact , they like it better because they have more freedom .
" You could n't even wear , like , purple shoes , " Fallon says scornfully of her old school .
DuBois has written about her daughters ' psychic abilities — also part of the show — but if they do have the gift , none of them is interested in going into the family business .
Aurora says she might go to law school , which thrills her mother .
Fallon just started playing the piano and wants to be a singer .
And Sophia says she 'd like to be a butterfly or a " crazzzyyyy monkey , " before dissolving into a bout of third - grade giggles .
As for their mother , she says she 's decided to quit working cases .
They 've taken too much a toll on her , and she says she 's also tired of answering the " why do they deny you 've worked for them " question .
DuBois was extremely agitated to hear what Phoenix police had to say about her involvement with the Baseline Killer case .
She had a similar reaction to the way Dave Hartman responded to her work .
She says that is exactly why she wants to leave police work behind .
" I need a break .
It 's frustrating , " she says .
" I 'm frustrated by the whole system . "
Advertisement
Windows 7 : Windows System Restore has long been a great way to recover your system after a bad software install or a critical driver goes missing , but you may not know you can also use it to recover individual files .
Earlier this month we published a guide to Windows System Restore and now we 're highlighting , courtesy of the How - To Geek computer site , how you can use System Restore to restore individual files .
Advertisement
You need to have System Restore on for any drive that you want to be able to restore files on .
Once you 've turned on System Restore and made a restore point — type " System Restore " in the Start Menu command box to open up the System Restore dialogue to turn things on and make your first restore point if you have n't already — any folder or file on that disk can now be recovered .
Right click on the folder the file used to be in or the parent folder if you 're trying to restore a deleted sub - folder , then click on " Restore previous versions " .
The restore menu seen in the screenshot above will appear and you 'll be able to select the version of the folder or files you want to restore .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Check out the guide at How - To Geek for lots of pictures and a more thorough step - by - step walk through .
Have a neat Windows 7 trick you 'd like to share ?
Let 's hear about it in the comments .
Restore Previous Versions of Files in Every Edition of Windows [ How - To Geek ]
People all around the world gathered in groups large and small last night to usher out the previous year , and welcome the arrival of 2010 .
Under a rare New Year 's Eve Blue Moon , crowds watched fireworks , cheered , made resolutions , and counted down to midnight .
2010 is the year of the Tiger in the Chinese zodiac , signifying a year of bravery and courage .
Collected here are some photographs of people across the earth as they welcomed the new year in many different ways .
( 38 photos total
He declared in 1989 that in " the case of sickness that is deemed to be incurable , which prevents me from sufficiently fulfilling the functions of my apostolic ministry , " he would renounce his positions as the head of the Roman Catholic Church and the Bishop of Rome .
A strawberry is hit with a .177 pellet from an air rifle , with a velocity of about 500 feet per second .
Alan says : " The laser trigger is to the left of the strawberry .
I have variable delay after the trigger .
So if there is too much mayhem , I lower the delay .
Not enough exploding parts , raise the delay "
Credit : ALAN SAILER
In a statement issued today , the German Federal Office for Security in Information Technology ( known as BSI ) recommends that all Internet Explorer users switch to an alternative browser .
They may resume using Explorer after a fix is issued by Microsoft for a critical vulnerability that has been implicated in the Chinese cyberattack against Google .
If you missed it , yesterday McAffee released a report outlining details of the cyber assault on Google and around 20 other major technology companies .
It specifically implicates a critical flaw in all versions of IE that allows hackers to " perform reconnaissance and gain complete control over the compromised system . "
Microsoft has responded that it is developing an update to the vulnerability .
According to the statement from BSI , even running Internet Explorer in " protected " mode is not enough to prevent a hacker from exploiting this security flaw .
IE , while the world 's most popular browser , has been steadily losing marketshare over perceptions that it is slower and less secure than rival browsers , especially Firefox .
This incident wo n't help .
The full statement , translated via Google , is below :
Translated Statement from Germany
" In Internet Explorer , there is a critical yet unknown vulnerability .
The vulnerability allows attackers to inject malicious code via a specially crafted Web page into a Windows computer to infiltrate and set up .
The last week became known hacker attack on Google and other U.S. companies has probably exploited the vulnerability .
Affected are the versions 6 , 7 to 8 Internet Explorer on Windows systems XP , Vista and Windows 7 Microsoft has released a security advisory in which it discusses ways of minimizing risk and is already working on a patch to close the security gap .
The BSI expects that this vulnerability will be used in a short time for attacks on the Internet .
Running the Internet Explorer in ' protected mode ' as well as disabling scripting Acitve Although more difficult to attack , but it can not completely prevented .
Therefore , the BSI recommends to switch to the existence of a patch from Microsoft to an alternative browser .
Once the vulnerability has been closed , the BSI will provide information on its warning and information about public - CERT .
Keep informed about the civic - CERT and the BSI warns citizens and small and medium enterprises from viruses , worms and vulnerabilities in computer applications .
The expert analysis of the BSI around the clock , the security situation in the Internet and send alerts when action is needed and safety information via e-mail . "
( h/t Amanda at TP )
Oh , that klassy , klassy spokesman for the Right .
Apparently , Rush Limbaugh , fresh from his stint as a Miss America judge ( I guess it 's as good a cover for his preferences as any ) , felt a little sensitive by criticism that some women feel that beauty pageants are a sexist , dehumanizing spectacle that unfairly places too much emphasis on the female 's attractiveness for her sense of value .
Evidently , attractiveness to the opposite sex is not a concern for Rush , so perhaps it 's not something he 's ever considered before .
But Rush insisted that he 's not against women .
Far from it :
CARLSON : So for those who were critics of you in judging this pageant , and saying that you have n’t been a supporter of women in the past — LIMBAUGH :
Oh , I ’m a huge supporter of women .
What I ’m not a supporter of is liberalism .
Feminism is what I oppose , and feminism has led women astray .
I love women .
I do n’t know where all this got started .
I love the women ’s movement — especially when walking behind it .
This idea that I do n’t like women is absurd .
This is Miss America .
And if there ’s a Mr. America out there , it ’s me .
Ugh .
Boy , you know how much women like those kind of double entendres from a such a stud as Rush .
For my part , I 'd prefer to be in front .
I can honestly say that the view walking behind Rush would n't exactly be picturesque .
The parents of Italian children who commit violent crimes face the threat of crushing financial penalties following a landmark ruling by a judge in Milan .
The mothers and fathers of five teenage boys who repeatedly raped a young girl have been ordered to pay her compensation totalling € 450,000 because of their failure to give their sons an " education in feelings and emotions " .
Judge Bianca La Monica awarded the damages against all the boys ' natural parents , including those who had separated from their partners and no longer had custody of their sons .
Many details of the case have not been disclosed because of laws regarding the identity of rape victims and minors .
But , according to the daily Corriere della Sera , the girl was forced to have sex on a number of occasions between 2001 and 2003 .
The girl was 12 at the start of the period and the boys were two or three years older .
In assessing damages , Judge La Monica took into account the psychological damage to the victim and the fact that after the rapes she had left school early , thereby curbing her future earning prospects .
In a written judgment , the judge said the defendants came from seemingly normal families .
Yet they appeared to have no understanding of the gravity of what they had done .
They had given evidence about the rapes in a way that was " aseptic " , she said .
They had employed " words that were not expressive of emotions , using for the girl terms that made it clear there had been no consideration for her person . "
It was only when they had been pressed to think about the effect of their behaviour on the girl that they had shown " glimmers of awareness " .
The judge said this showed the accused had not been brought up " in a context of respect for the feelings , wishes and bodies of others " .
She said that , in their defence , the mothers and fathers of the boys had offered various examples of their supposedly good parenting .
They had told the court they made sure their sons came home by a certain time .
They had testified that their children were brought up to be good Christians .
And they provided evidence of having ensured the boys attended sex education classes at school .
In some instances , the point had been made that a defendant had not shown any apparent interest in girls .
But none of this , said the judge , was as important as the fact that there was " no trace in the minors ' behaviour of an upbringing that provided for entering into non-physical relationships with others . "
On damages against parents no longer directly involved in the upbringing of their sons , she said law gave the non-custodial spouse not just the right , but the duty , to monitor the upbringing of a child .
It 's a good idea to define a series of guidelines or design principles with the client at an early stage
User experience ( ' UX ' to its friends ) is a term increasingly bandied about .
Currently in that strange position of being excitingly new to many , touted as an essential component of web design process by industry experts and seemingly on the way to becoming ubiquitous , UX also has an air of mystery about it .
This is partly because it 's tricky to pin down exactly what it is .
When interviewed , industry pros told us the term can be " subjective " , " hard to describe " and has come to mean various things .
Dan Saffer , principal at Kicker Studios , was perhaps the most succinct , describing UX as " What a customer perceives while engaged with your product and a way of looking at a product holistically , from the point of view of a user who likely does n't care about how something is made , just the product itself . "
HAND CODED : Kicker Studios ' Dan Saffer thinks gestural interfaces ( as seen in Canesta Gestural Entertainment Centre ) will lead to a UX revolution
The benefits of UX design
When people talk about UX design for the web , they 're referring to everything that fashions user experience : interface design , information architecture , usability and product design that encompasses the presentation , interaction and organisation of online services .
" The process for UX design is therefore about understanding and designing a user 's experience from start to finish , not just what a website looks like or how it functions , " explains Clearleft 's user experience director , Andy Budd .
Once , this line of thinking might have seemed overblown in nature , but as Luke Wroblewski , senior principal of product ideation and design at Yahoo , says :
" Barriers to entry in digital products are very low .
There are now so many websites that functionality and technology are baseline features and users differentiate on the basis of how something works – the experience they have with it .
When competing services are a click away , managing that experience and giving people something they really want to use goes a long way to getting people interested in your output . "
Planning good UX
Good UX does n't happen by magic : you have to plan for it .
" Creating a user experience is a given , but creating a good user experience is hard , " says Sjors Timmer , user experience designer at Webjam .
" Human decisions can be irrational , so there 's no definitive checklist that we use to conclude whether we trust a site or if it 's friendly . "
Extending this line of thinking , there 's no checklist regarding UX design itself – no set process or series of steps to follow .
Instead , you master a toolkit of techniques and learn how and when best to use them .
However , Paul Seys , Redweb 's head of user experience , thinks it best to start with the client , educating them about the importance of a user - centred approach :
" Clients are keen to see something tangible immediately , but we first need to understand the requirements of the business and the needs of users . "
If a client needs a nudge in the right direction , Dan Saffer suggests reminding them :
" Customers ' thoughts about products are mostly influenced by what they experience and feel while using them .
A good user experience creates passionate , happier customers , and you can charge more for products and services that people love and that they consider higher in value .
A poor user experience is one that no one consciously cares about and , at best , will lead to loss of revenue . "
Approaching UX design
Luke Wroblewski says the UX design process examines various factors .
Is the product findable ?
When you get it , do you understand what it is and then how to use it ?
And if it works , is it desirable ?
The specific tools used , suggests Budd , depend on the problem at hand :
" If you do n't understand a user 's needs or goals , a persona or mental model could be useful .
If you do n't know how to structure a large amount of content , then use process flows or site maps .
If you 're designing processes such as checkouts , it 's hard to visualise them , so sketch wireframes to enable you to examine how users move from one phase to another . "
In terms of structuring the process , rather than dealing with specific problems , freelance user experience consultant Leisa Reichelt of Disambiguity thinks UX design operates at two levels :
" At a strategic level , it 's identifying and understanding the audience and finding ways to communicate value with them effectively .
At a tactical level , it involves looking more at interaction design and usability problems . "
She divides work into two broad categories : generative and evaluative .
Generative work is about creation , working with organisations to help design , structure and communicate their offering .
" We do this through research , trying to define and understand the end - user audience , focusing on behavioural traits rather than marketing criteria , " she explains .
" This can then be structured into audience modelling tools , such as personas , which can be powerful in guiding good UX design . "
Reichelt starts with pencil and paper for prototypes , and aims to share the direction she 's heading in with clients as soon as possible so they understand the strategy that underpins the UX design .
If an organisation is n't on board with this , it 's hard to get to a great end product and maintain good UX .
" Understanding who your end users are is essential .
When you know what tasks they 're looking to perform and their mental models on approaching the site , you can structure and label content to support these things , rather than imposing advanced understanding of content on users who lack the knowledge people within the client 's organisation have . "
Alexa Andrzejewski , interaction designer for Adaptive Path , suggests thinking of yourself as a storyteller :
" Think about the story you want to tell at each point in the design process .
Early on , convey the experience of using a product or service without getting into design details – in first person , answer ' I love this product because ...' or ' this product is like ...'
On understanding this , tell the story of how flows , screen design and visuals support the experience .
Think about the feedback you want at each stage . "
VISUAL AID : Interaction designer Alexa Andrzejewski thinks concept posters " are a powerful way to articulate what the experience of using something should feel like "
Over the weekend attentive nerds probably noticed the buzz and press releases circulating from the floor of the Adult Entertainment Expo about a company called TrueCompanion and its " lifelike " sex robot , Roxxxy .
Despite the hype about robo wives and droid love , the self - proclaimed , " world 's first sex robot " looks like Lady Gaga died having her wisdom teeth extracted .
She sits motionless on a couch and she smells like a prosthetic limb factory .
All of the action here is theoretical and the man with all the theories is Donald Hines .
Mr. Hines is a former employee of AT&T Bell Laboratories who worked in the artificial intelligence lab and AI is supposedly what separates Roxxxy from lifeless latex love hunks like the Real Doll .
" She 's a companion .
She has a personality .
She hears you .
She listens to you .
She speaks .
She feels your touch .
She goes to sleep .
We are trying to replicate a personality of a person . "
Who do we have to thank for all of this innovation ?
Osama bin Laden .
The events of September 11th served as the inspiration behind the Roxxxy project .
" I had a friend who passed away in 9 - 11 , " Hines said .
" I promised myself I would create a program to store my friend 's personality , and that became the foundation for Roxxxy True Companion . "
You might recall something similar happened in the 1985 movie " Max Headroom " in which reporter Edison Carter is nearly killed and has his personality recreated as the artificial intelligence Max Headroom .
Donald Hines just takes that a step further by giving you three different ways to put your wiener into Max Headroom .
Don has used all this inspiration and his AI experience to generate five different personalities for Roxxxy .
That 's like five Max Headrooms .
You can choose what sort of woman you want at any time , as long as the sort of woman you want is one of five stereotypes of women .
When you order your Roxxxy sex robot you can log onto the True Companion website and fill out a bunch of forms to let your robot know various facts about your interests .
" She knows exactly what you like , " said Hines .
" If you like Porsches , she likes Porsches .
If you like soccer , she likes soccer . "
I know , a frigid woman with a one - dimensional personality and a love for expensive German cars and soccer living inside a robot inspired by a 9/11 victim sounds too good to be true , but it 's for real !
We tested out some of Roxxxy 's personalities and customizations at the Adult Entertainment Expo .
She did n't move or even twitch , like every robot I have ever seen , but she sure could chatter in her creepy disembodied voices while we gazed into her dead eyes .
" A - ha , that 's nice ! "
– Zack " Geist Editor " Parsons ( @sexyfacts4u )
Eyes , a nose , and a moustache can clearly be seen on the well - defined four - and - half inch high face which was formed by the patterns of ash on one of the burning logs .
Joel and Ethan Coen ’s 1998 movie , “ The Big Lebowski , ” which stars Jeff Bridges as a beatific , pot-smoking , bowling - obsessed slacker known as the Dude , snuck up on the English - speaking world during the ’00s : it became , stealthily , the decade ’s most venerated cult film .
It ’s got that elusive and addictive quality that a great midnight movie has to have : it blissfully widens and expands in your mind upon repeat viewings .
“ The Big Lebowski ” has spawned its own shaggy , fervid world : drinking games , Halloween costumes , bumper stickers ( “ This aggression will not stand , man ” ) and a drunken annual festival that took root in Louisville , Ky. , and has spread to other cities .
The movie is also the subject of an expanding shelf of books , including “ The Dude Abides : The Gospel According to the Coen Brothers ” and the forthcoming “ The Tao of the Dude . ”
Where cult films go , academics will follow .
New in bookstores , and already in its second printing , is “ The Year ’s Work in Lebowski Studies , ” an essay collection edited by Edward P. Comentale and Aaron Jaffe ( Indiana University Press , $ 24.95 ) .
The book is , like the Dude himself , a little rough around the edges .
But it ’s worth an end - of - the - year holiday pop-in .
Ideally you ’d read it with a White Russian  the Dude ’s cocktail of choice  in hand .
Image Jeff Bridges , left , and John Goodman in “ The Big Lebowski . ” Credit ...
Merrick Morton / Gramercy Pictures
More than a few of this book ’s essay titles will make you groan and laugh out loud at the same time ( “ ‘ The Big Lebowski ’ and Paul de Man : Historicizing Irony and Ironizing Historicism ” ) .
But just as often , the writing here is a bit like the film : amiable , laid - back and possessed of a wobbly Zen-acuity .
LASTUPDATED July 2 , 2010 : Thanks to all of you who are writing in withcorrectionsto this launch forecast .
Please remember to cite your source for anysuggestions you make .
And as always , please remember that there is no greaterwork of fiction than a Web site 's launch schedule .
These dates are often basedon unofficial sources and change almost every day .
Please DO NOT scheduletravel based on a date you see here :
2010
July 10 : An InternationalLaunch Services Proton rocket will launch the new EchoStar 15 communicationssatellite from the Central Asian spaceport of Baikonur Cosmodrome , Kazakhstan .2:40 p.m. EDT ( 1840 GMT ) .
July 18 : A United States AirForce Minotaur 4 rocket to launch the first satellite in a planned Space - BasedSurveillance System in a mission to blast off from Space Launch Complex 8 atthe Vandenberg Air Force Base in California .
12:41-12:55 a.m. ( 0441-0455 GMT ) .
July 27 : India 's PolarSatellite Launch Vehicle ( PSLV ) to launch the Cartosat 2B Earth - observationsatellite from the Satish Dhawan Space Center in Sriharikota , India .
11:53 p.m.EDT
( 0353 GMT ) .
July 30 : A United LaunchAlliance Atlas 5 rocket to launch the U.S. military 's Advanced Extremely HighFrequency 1 ( AEHF 1 ) communications satellite into orbit from Space LaunchComplex 41 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida .
August 3 : An ArianespaceAriane 5 rocket to launch the new Rascom - QAF 1R and Nilesat 201 from GuianaSpace Center in Kourou , French Guiana .
August31 : A Russian - built Proton booster to loft three new Glonass navigation satellitesinto orbit from Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan .
communicationssatellites from the Guiana Space Center in Kourou , French Guiana .
August : Japan 's workhorseH - 2A rocket to launch the new Michibiki satellite , formerly as the Quasi- ZenithSatellite , to boost Global Positioning Satellite services in Japan .
9:54-10:54a.m. EDT ( 1354-1454 GMT ) .
August : An InternationalLaunch Services Proton rocket to loft the SkyTerra 1 mobile communicationssatellite from the Central Asian spaceport of Baikonur Cosmodrome , Kazakhstan .
* NET LateAugust : A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket , the company 's second such booster , to launch thefirst Dragon spacecraft on a 4 1/2 - hour demonstration flight ( Dragon C1 ) ? to blastoff from Space Launch Complex 40 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station inFlorida .
September1 : AUnited States Air Force Minotaur 4 rocket to launch the Space Test Program S26mission , which includes multiple payloads from the USAF , NASA and others , fromKodiak Island in Alaska . ?
September7 : AUnited Launch Alliance Atlas 5 rocket to launch a classified reconnaissancesatellite ( NROL - 41 ) for the National Reconnaissance Office from Vandenberg AirForce Base in California .
September8 : ARussian Soyuz rocket to launch the unmanned Progress 39 cargo ship fromBaikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan to deliver new supplies to the crew of the International Space Station .
September : An Arianespace Soyuzrocket to launch from Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan to orbit six newGlobalstar mobile communications satellites .
September : An ArianespaceAriane 5 rocket to launch the W3B and BSAT 3b communications satellites forEutelsat and Japan from Guiana Space Center in Kourou , French Guiana .
October 8 : A Russian - builtSoyuz rocket to launch three new crewmembers to the International Space Stationaboard a new digital Soyuz TMA - 20 spacecraft blasting off from BaikonurCosmodrome , Kazakhstan to boost the outpost 's Expedition 24 crew .
October19 : A United Launch Alliance Delta 4 - Heavy rocket to liftoff from Space LaunchComplex 37B at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida carrying theclassified NROL - 32 spy satellite for the U.S. National Reconnaissance Office .
October27 : A Russian Soyuz rocket to launch the unmanned Progress 40 cargo ship fromBaikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan to deliver new supplies to the crew of the International Space Station .
October 29 : A United LaunchAlliance Delta 2 rocket to launch the COSMO - SkyMed 4 radar satellite for Italyfrom Vandenberg Air Force Base in California .
10:21-10:34 p.m. EDT ( 0221-0234Oct. 30 GMT ) .
October 29 : A Russian - UkranianDnepr rocket to launch several satellites for Nigeria , Turkey , the Universityof Rome and others from Yasny launch base in Russia .
October : A Chinese Long March3A rocket to launch the new Chang'e 2 spacecraft ?
the country 's second lunarorbiter ?
from Xichang Space Center in the Sichuan province .
FourthQuarter :?A Russian Rockot booster to launch two additions to the Gonets satellitecommunications network from Plesetsk Cosmodrome in Russia .
FourthQuarter :?A Zenit 3 F rocket to launch the Russian Spektr R radio astronomy observatoryfrom Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan .
FourthQuarter :
An Arianespace Soyuz rocket to launch on its debut flight from a brand - newlaunch pad at Guiana Space Center in Kourou , French Guiana to send the Hylascommunications satellite into orbit for Avanti Communications of the UnitedKingdom .
* NET November1 : The space shuttle Discovery will launch from NASA 's Kennedy Space Center inFlorida on what is expected to be the final space shuttle flight in history todeliver a huge shelf of spare parts and a cargo module that has been refittedto serve as a permanent storage module on the International Space Station .
4:33 p.m. EDT ( 2033 GMT ) .
November17 : A United Launch Alliance Delta 4 rocket to liftoff from Space Launch Complex37B at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida carrying the GPS 2F - 2 globalpositioning system satellite for the U.S. Air Force .
November22 : An Orbital Sciences - built Taurus rocket to blast off from Vandenberg Air ForceBase in California to launch the Glory Earth - watching satellite to monitorEarth 's black carbon and aerosol levels in the atmosphere and otherclimate - related phenomena .
5:09 a.m. EST ( 1009 GMT ) .
November30 : An Arianespace Ariane 5 rocket to launch the new Automated Transfer Vehicle 2 ( ATV - 2 ) Johannes Kepler , an unmanned cargo ship to deliver supplies to the International Space Station , from Guiana Space Center in Kourou , French Guiana .
November : A Minotaur 4 rocketto launch the new TacSat - 4 demonstration satellite from Kodiak Island inAlaska .
December1 : AUnited Launch Alliance Delta 4 - Heavy rocket to liftoff from California 'sVandenberg Air Force Station carrying the classified NROL - 49 spy satellite forthe U.S. National Reconnaissance Office .
December10 : A Russian - built Soyuz rocket to launch three new crewmembers to the International Space Station aboard a Soyuz TMA - 21 spacecraft blasting off fromBaikonur Cosmodrome , Kazakhstan to boost the outpost 's Expedition 25 crew .
December10 : A Minotaur 1 rocket to launch the Operationally Responsive Space 1 satellitefrom Wallops Island , Virginia .
December27 : A Russian Soyuz rocket to launch the unmanned Progress 41 cargo ship fromBaikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan to deliver new supplies to the crew of the International Space Station .
Early2011 : An Arianespace - managed Soyuz 2 - 1b rocket to launch two Galileo navigationsatellites for the European Galileo navigation system from Guiana Space Centerin Kourou , French Guiana .
Early2011 : An Arianespace - managed Soyuz 2 - 1a rocket to launch its second mission fromGuiana Space Center in Kourou , French Guiana , this one to orbit the Pleiades 1 Earth - observation satellite as well as four ELISA electronic intelligencesatellites and Chile 's SSOT remote - sensing spacecraft .
* NETFebruary : The third Falcon 9 rocket built by Space Exploration Technologies ( SpaceX ) tolaunch the second Dragon test flight ( Dragon C2 ) from Space Launch Complex 40 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida .
* NET February26 , 2011 : NASA 's space shuttle Endeavour is slated to launch the STS - 134 mission to the International Space Station to deliver the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer , abillion - dollar experiment , as well as vital supplies and spare parts .
Previous Launches
2009 | 2008 | 2007 | 2006 | 2005 | 2004 | 2003 | 2002 | 2001 | 2000 | 1999 |
Launch Database from Florida Today
An individual in particularly men who hate and shame woman for their pleasure .
Believe that calling girls sluts , bitches and whores are not offensive and claims that it is normal .
Really shows how much they hate woman .
Basically they are just another version of feminazist ( man hating ) .
Also bunch of cowards because they do not want to woman take control of their lives .
In fact 99 % of the people in urban dictionary are misogynist .
Upwards of 8 million cars have been recalled in the U.S. and worldwide , amid reports of Toyota 's vehicles accelerating rapidly .
Toyota : Dems ' not industry friendly '
Internal Toyota documents derided the Obama administration and Democratic Congress as “ activist ” and “ not industry friendly , " a revelation that comes days before the giant automaker 's top executives testify on Capitol Hill amid a giant recall .
According to a presentation obtained under subpoena by the House Oversight and Government Relations committee , Toyota referred to the “ changing political environment ” as one of its main challenges and anticipated a " more challenging regulatory " environment under the Obama administration 's purview .
Advertisement
This document , in addition to piles of other records , will be front and center this week as the Japanese automaker girds to face lawmakers hungry for answers about a recall that has the company teetering .
Upwards of 8 million cars have been recalled in the U.S. and worldwide , amid reports of Toyota 's vehicles accelerating rapidly .
The problems have turned political , as the company has shuttered some American factories , potentially resulting in layoffs .
The oversight committee , which is led by Democrat Edolphus Towns of New York and Republican Darrell Issa of California , will seek to discover if Toyota was forthright in disclosing problems with rapid acceleration – and if the government was responsible and quick in investigating such complaints .
Toyota has launched an image rehabilitation campaign on Capitol Hill , and its top lobbyist has sent e-mails to congressional aides in an attempt to shape its image amid this crisis .
Committee aides say the presentation , which was obtained by POLITICO , gives the clearest view into the minds of Toyota executives .
Aides believe the presentation was an explanatory slideshow prepared to explain the inner-workings of Toyota ’s Washington lobbying operations .
It includes a responsibility flow chart , in addition to resources the office calls upon , including The Brookings Institution and the Chamber of Commerce .
The slideshow is titled “ Toyota Washington , DC ” and the cover sheet is labeled “ Yoshi Inaba ” – the president of Toyota North America , who is slated to testify .
It is a peek into how Toyota executives view the American political environment .
The “ Activist Administration & Congress – increasing laws & regulations ” is listed as one of “ Toyota Challenges , ” as is “ Massive government support for Detroit automakers . ”
The July 2009 presentation also says the Department of Transportation and National Highway Transportation Safety Administration “ under Obama administration ” is “ not industry friendly , ” and anticipates a “ more challenging regulatory and enforcement environment . ”
It says the NHTSA “ new team has less understanding of engineering issues and are primarily focused on legal issues . ”
“ While the administration may have changed , the bureaucracy itself has not and we must ensure that government regulators give every possible consumer concern its due diligence , ” said Republican Oversight spokesman Kurt Bardella .
Szeretne azonnal értesülni a legfontosabb hírekről ?
Nem kérem Kérem
[ {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " 29df98 ba-4d3e-4df8-b166-6b8776f0234e " , " c_author " : " Tóta W. Árpád " , " category " : " 360 " , " description " : " Senkinek sem kötelező melegekről olvasni mesét , és senkinek nincs köze ahhoz , ha más ezt akarja .
Nem fog áthallatszani az esti mese .
Jogunkban áll gyermekünket normálisnak nevelni – olyannak , aki nem darál könyveket . " , " shortLead " : " Senkinek sem kötelező melegekről olvasni mesét , és senkinek nincs köze ahhoz , ha más ezt akarja .
Nem fog áthallatszani ... " , " id " :" 20200930 _Piroska_es_a_nacik " , " image " : " https://img0.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=29df98ba-4d3e-4df8-b166-6b8776f0234e&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " 78ab520a-c7b2-45d0-96c6-2d3cc967bc48 " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " /360/20200930 _Piroska_es_a_nacik " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
30 . 10:15 " , " title " : " Tóta W. : Piroska és a nácik " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : true , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000 - 0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " dfe0af95-14df-4359-a33c-3fd48db67e38 " , " c_author " : " hvg.hu " , " category " : " itthon " , " description " : " Esztergomban történt a garázdaság , éjjel , egy gyorsétteremben .
Az ügyészség pénzbüntetést kért a vereked őkre . " , " shortLead " : " Esztergomban történt a garázdaság , éjjel , egy gyorsétteremben .
Az ügyészség pénzbüntetést kért a vereked őkre . " , " id " :" 20200929_bunugyek_vademeles_esztergom_verekedes_garazgasag " , " image " : " https://img0.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=dfe0af95-14df-4359-a33c-3fd48db67e38&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " d02635c2-c84a-42ee-a5cc-b023760 fbcb6 " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " / itthon/20200929_bunugyek_vademeles_esztergom_verekedes_garazgasag " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember . 29 . 09:53 " , " title " : " Megverték , mert cigit kért és kötekedett – videó " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " b0cdd595-984d-487e-9a22-2e9348f59617 " , " c_author " : " HVG360 " , " category " : " 360 " , " description " : " Végzetesnek bizonyult a májusi szigetvári műhiba , megtalálhatták az első bolygót a Tejútrendszeren kívül .
Ez a hvg360 reggeli hírösszefoglalója . " , " shortLead " : " Végzetesnek bizonyult a májusi szigetvári műhiba , megtalálhatták az első bolygót a Tejútrendszeren kívül .
Ez a hvg360 ... " , " id " :" 20200929 _Radar360 " , " image " : " https://img0.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=b0cdd595-984d-487e-9a22-2e9348f59617&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " 1020cbc9-ae1d-456e-b0a8-0f74102455df " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " /360/20200929 _Radar360 " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember . 29 . 08:00 " , " title " : " Radar360 : Nagyobb bajtól tart az orvosi kamara , adótámogatást kaphat a vírusteszt " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : true , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000 - 0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " a3fdf619-4c64-4fe1-ad79-aeb958f54db4 " , " c_author " : " hvg.hu " , " category " : " gazdasag " , " description " : " A javaslat viszont továbbment .
A hollandoknak és a belgáknak is gondjuk volt vele , de esetükben másról van szó . " , " shortLead " : " A javaslat viszont továbbment .
A hollandoknak és a belgáknak is gondjuk volt vele , de esetükben másról van szó . " , " id " :" 20200930_magyarorszag_lengyelorszag_jogallami_mechanizmus_unios_penzek " , " image " : " https://img0.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=a3fdf619-4c64-4fe1-ad79-aeb958f54db4&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " e89f7432-c8e3-44ad-a2ab-9258a038d5d6 " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " / gazdasag/20200930_magyarorszag_lengyelorszag_jogallami_mechanizmus_unios_penzek " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
30 . 18:07 " , " title " : " Magyarország és Lengyelország megpróbálta leszavazni a jogállami mechanizmust " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000- 0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " 84bc6aba-01ef-4254-97e3-9f2a103040c5 " , " c_author " : " hvg.hu " , " category " : " gazdasag.zhvg " , " description " : " A tölthet ő elemek rendszeres használatával pénzt is megtakaríthatnak a vásárlók és kevesebb hulladékot is termelnek . " , " shortLead " : " A tölthet ő elemek rendszeres használatával pénzt is megtakaríthatnak a vásárlók és kevesebb hulladékot is termelnek . " , " id " : " 20200930_2021re_az_IKEA_kivonja_valasztekabol_a_nem_ujratoltheto_alkali_elemeket " , " image " : " https://img0.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=84bc6aba-01ef-4254-97e3-9f2a103040c5&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " 3a02c612-2f32 - 4b89-9844-dc797a222dc4 " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " / zhvg/20200930_2021re_az_IKEA_kivonja_valasztekabol_a_nem_ujratoltheto_alkali_elemeket " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
30 . 18:10 " , " title " : " Leszámol a nem ú jratölthető elemekkel az IKEA " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " b3d2054f-1270-402c-a8b3-e5b7e0e6200b " , " c_author " : " ASUS Magyarország " , " category " : " brandcontent " , " description " : " Míg a kétezres évek elején a hordozható számítógépek még az üzleti döntéshozók státuszszimbólumának számítottak , napjainkra a laptopok és notebookok váltak a normává , elvégre a diákoktól a nyugdíjasokig ma már szinte mindenki ilyen gépeket választ .
Mire érdemes odafigyelni , hogyan válasszunk , hogy az új gép beváltsa a hozzáf űzött reményeket ?
Interjúnk Győri Attilával , az ASUS Magyarország Country Manager - ével .
\r
" , " shortLead " : " Míg a kétezres évek elején a hordozható számítógépek még az üzleti döntéshozók státuszszimbólumának számítottak ... " , " id " :" asus_20200930_laptop_notebook_tech_gyori_attila_interju " , " image " : " https://img0.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=b3d2054f-1270-402c-a8b3-e5b7e0e6200b&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " 4a06494e-7fbe-424d-90b6-d39c95ebd697 " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " / brandcontent/asus_20200930_laptop_notebook_tech_gyori_attila_interju " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
30 . 07:30 " , " title " : " Hogy válasszunk laptopot , hogy az tényleg jó legyen ? " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : true , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : true , " c_isbranded " : true , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " 4ed237c1-5b10-4af2-bdc6-06722276c505 " , " c_author " : " Domány András " , " category " : " itthon " , " description " : " Évente 800 millió forinttal támogatja a kormány az emlékverseny megrendezését . " , " shortLead " : " Évente 800 millió forinttal támogatja a kormány az emlékverseny megrendezését . " , " id " :" 20200929 _Gyulai_Istvan_atletikai_emlekverseny " , " image " : " https://img0.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=4ed237c1-5b10-4af2-bdc6-06722276c505&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " 05ac643d-d8f3-446a-a60d-c0a7a2738ccf " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " / itthon/20200929 _Gyulai_Istvan_atletikai_emlekverseny " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
29 .
08:53 " , " title " : " Gyulai István atlétikai emlékversenyt rendeznek négy éven át , 3,2 milliárdért " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000 - 0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} , {" available " : true , " c_guid " : " 6758308d-aa21-4e90-9039-1752589fed42 " , " c_author " : " hvg.hu " , " category " : " cegauto " , " description " : " A Tesla Model S és a Lucid Air legújabb kihívóját az Egyesült Királyságban fejlesztik és Kínában gyártják majd . " , " shortLead " : " A Tesla Model S és a Lucid Air legújabb kihívóját az Egyesült Királyságban fejlesztik és Kínában gyártják majd . " , " id " : " 20200929_gyartasba_kerul_a_polestar_futurisztikus_uj_villanyautoja " , " image " : " https://img0.hvg.hu/image.aspx?id=6758308d-aa21-4e90-9039-1752589fed42&view=ffdb5e3a-e632-4abc-b367-3d9b3bb5573b " , " index " : 0 , " item " : " 2868e9b3-08ec-4300-96d4-e41ab17b22a1 " , " keywords " : null , " link " : " / cegauto/20200929_gyartasba_kerul_a_polestar_futurisztikus_uj_villanyautoja " , " timestamp " : " 2020 .
szeptember .
29 . 06:41 " , " title " : " Gyártásba kerül a Polestar futurisztikus androidos új villanyautója " , " trackingCode " : " RELATED " , " c_isbrandchannel " : false , " c_isbrandcontent " : false , " c_isbrandstory " : false , " c_isbrandcontentorbrandstory " : false , " c_isbranded " : false , " c_ishvg360article " : false , " c_partnername " : null , " c_partnerlogo " : " 00000000 - 0000-0000-0000-000000000000 " , " c_partnertag " : null} ]
Here are some recent photos of the LCS 2 ( to be USS ) Independence .
She 's at 43 knots here running at half power .
NOTE the absence of a bow wave .
Turns tightly , also ; allegedly this also was done at 43 knots ... and from the look of the small bow wave , she 's still in the turn .
And then we have the massive helo deck big enough for a CH - 53 .
Last time I talked with the SURFPAC guys years ago .
THIS was the LCS they liked because of the huge storage capacity under that flight deck and the size of the flight deck .
Note that there is very little spreading wake .
In fact , it does not look like a wake at all , just foamy water from the water jets .
Somehow , at 40 knots , you 'd think there 'd be more wake .
But she has one drawback , she 's strange looking but aerodynamically designed , is this beginning of a new design in ships ?
Here 's a Look at The U.S. Navy 's New Pirate Catchers !
WOW !
A couple of these should be able to clean up the pirates off the coasts of Africa .....
This is the U.S.S. Independence ( LCS - 2 ) It is a Triple Hulled , Weapon - Laden Monster .
Here it is under construction ....
There have been rumors about the U.S. Navy 's speedy new triple hulled ships , but now they 're for real .
The U.S.S Independence was built by General Dynamics .
It 's called a " littoral combat ship " ( LCS ) , and the tri-maran can move its weapons around faster than any other ship in the Navy .
( Ironic that with all that high tech built in , the ship reminds us of the Merrimac ironclad from Civil War days . )
Littoral means close to shore , and that 's where these very ships will operate .
They 're tailor - made for launching helicopters and armored vehicles , sweeping mines and firing all manner of torpedoes , missiles and machine guns .
These ships are also relatively inexpensive .
This one 's a bargain at $ 208 million , and the Navy plans to build 55 of them .
This tri-maran is the first of a new fire breathing breed , ready to scoot out of dry dock at a rumored 60 knots ..
It 's like a speedy and heavily armed aircraft carrier for helicopters .
Pirates Beware !!!
PRESIDENT OBAMA 10 days ago set out one important element in the needed structural reform of the financial system .
No one can reasonably contest the need for such reform , in the United States and in other countries as well .
We have after all a system that broke down in the most serious crisis in 75 years .
The cost has been enormous in terms of unemployment and lost production .
The repercussions have been international .
Aggressive action by governments and central banks  really unprecedented in both magnitude and scope  has been necessary to revive and maintain market functions .
Some of that support has continued to this day .
Here in the United States as elsewhere , some of the largest and proudest financial institutions  including both investment and commercial banks  have been rescued or merged with the help of massive official funds .
Those actions were taken out of well - justified concern that their outright failure would irreparably impair market functioning and further damage the real economy already in recession .
Now the economy is recovering , if at a still modest pace .
Funds are flowing more readily in financial markets , but still far from normally .
Discussion is underway here and abroad about specific reforms , many of which have been set out by the United States administration : appropriate capital and liquidity requirements for banks ; better official supervision on the one hand and on the other improved risk management and board oversight for private institutions ; a review of accounting approaches toward financial institutions ; and others .
As President Obama has emphasized , some central structural issues have not yet been satisfactorily addressed .
In a column about Iran ’s potential nuclear capability , Ann Coulter also criticized Keith Olbermann , Richard Wolffe and Rachel Maddow .
In response , in a segment about those he disagrees with — which he turned on its head Thursday night — Keith Olbermann dubbed legendary conservative maven Ann Coulter a “ guy . ”
“ Our winner ” of the not worst person in the world segment , Olbermann declared , was “ Coultergeist . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Of me , [ Coulter ] writes , ‘ after donning his mother ’s housecoat , undergarments and fuzzy slippers , ’ then , ‘ Olbermann ’s even creepier sidekick androgynous Newsweek reporter Richard Wolffe , ’ then , ‘ his most macho guest Rachel Maddow . ” ”
Olbermann noted what he called “ Coulter ’s continuing self - revelatory obsession with sexual identity , ” and said her writing “ really suggests a helluva back story in her own life . ”
“ All I have to say about Ann Coulter is this , ” the MSNBC host quipped .
“ If this guy wants to live his life as a woman , I ’m going to back his choice up 100 percent .
Coultergeist , today ’s not worst person in the world . ”
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast Feb. 18 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
The first time I entered ChatRoulette — a new website that brings you face - to - face , via webcam , with an endless stream of random strangers all over the world — I was primed for a full - on Walt Whitman experience : an ecstatic surrender to the miraculous variety and abundance of humankind .
The site was only a few months old , but its population was beginning to explode in a way that suggested serious viral potential : 300 users in December had grown to 10,000 by the beginning of February .
Although big media outlets had yet to cover it , smallish blogs were full of huzzahs .
The blog Asylum called ChatRoulette its favorite site since YouTube ; another , The Frisky , called it “ the Holy Grail of all Internet fun . ”
Everyone seemed to agree that it was intensely addictive — one of those gloriously simple ideas that manages to harness the crazy power of the Internet in a potentially revolutionary way .
The site activates your webcam automatically ; when you click “ start ” you ’re suddenly staring at another human on your screen and they ’re staring back at you , at which point you can either choose to chat ( via text or voice ) or just click “ next , ” instantly calling up someone else .
The result is surreal on many levels .
Early ChatRoulette users traded anecdotes on comment boards with the eerie intensity of shipwreck survivors , both excited and freaked out by what they ’d seen .
There was a man who wore a deer head and opened every conversation with “ What up DOE ! ? ”
A guy from Sweden was reportedly speed - drawing strangers ’ portraits .
Someone with a guitar was improvising songs for anyone who ’d give him a topic .
One man popped up on people ’s screens in the act of fornicating with a head of lettuce .
Others dressed like ninjas , tried to persuade women to expose themselves , and played spontaneous transcontinental games of Connect Four .
Occasionally , people even made nonvirtual connections :
One punk - music blogger met a group of people from Michigan who ended up driving eleven hours to crash at his house for a concert in New York .
And then , of course , fairly often , there was this kind of thing : “ I saw some hot chicks then all of a sudden there was a man with a glass in his butthole . ”
I sing the body electronic .
I entered the fray on a bright Wednesday afternoon , with an open mind and an eager soul , ready to sound my barbaric yawp through the webcams of the world .
I left absolutely crushed .
It turns out that ChatRoulette , in practice , is brutal .
The first eighteen people who saw me disconnected immediately .
They appeared , one by one , in a box at the top of my screen — a young Asian man , a high - school - age girl , a guy lying on his side in bed — and , every time , I ’d feel a little flare of excitement .
Every time , they ’d leave without saying a word .
Sometimes I could even watch them reach down , in horrifying real - time , and click “ next . ”
It was devastating .
My first even semi-successful interaction was with a guy with a blanket draped over his lap who asked if I wanted to “ jack of ” with him .
I declined ; he disconnected .
Over the course of an hour , I was rejected by what felt like a cast of thousands : a teenage girl talking on her cell phone , a close - up of an eyeball .
It started to feel like a social - anxiety nightmare .
One guy just stared into the camera and flipped me off .
Another stood in front of his computer making wave motions with his hands , refusing to respond to anything I typed .
One person had the courtesy to give me , before disconnecting , a little advice : “ too old . ” ( I ’m 32 . )
A girl with heavy makeup looked terrified when my image popped up on her screen — I actually felt guilty , a few rounds later , when the engine of randomness threw us back together and she had to look at my face for another excruciating half - second .
My longest exchange was with a guy who seemed to be wearing one of those protective cones you put on a dog after surgery .
“ LICK YOU ELBOW , ” he typed .
“ Why ? ” I asked .
He disconnected .
I got off the ChatRoulette wheel determined never to get back on .
I had n’t felt this socially trampled since I was an overweight 12 - year - old struggling to get through recess without having my shoes mocked .
It was total e-visceration .
If this was the future of the Internet , then the future of the Internet obviously did n’t include me .
Although ChatRoulette feels radically new , it ’s built entirely out of recycled parts — it ’s just a potent combination of programs we ’ve all been familiar with for years .
Web chat has been around since the beginning of the Internet .
Skype made the Star Trek–like experience of instant synchronized video communication an everyday reality back in 2003 .
But these experiences were almost always curated :
The point was to chat and Skype with co-workers and friends , or at least with strangers who shared your interests .
The internet has always been defined by ( and drawn much of its energy from ) the tension between chaos and control — and over the last ten years , web culture has skewed heavily toward control .
Our most popular new online tools — Google , Facebook , Tumblr , Twitter , Digg — were designed to help us tame the web ’s wildness , to tag its outer limits and set up user - friendly taxonomies .
ChatRoulette is , in this sense , a blast from the Internet past .
It ’s the anti-Facebook , pure social - media shuffle .
It arrived quietly last November , with no fanfare .
( Given the nakedness of the ChatRoulette - user experience , it ’s interesting that the site ’s founder is unknown ; web searches lead back to a Netherlands - based anonymity service . )
Once you dive in , there ’s no way to manage the experience — to filter users , search for friends , or backtrack and reconnect with someone you chatted with an hour ago .
There ’s only the perpetual forward motion of “ next . ”
It ’s the Wild West : a stupid , profound , thrilling , disgusting , totally lawless boom .
If ChatRoulette catches on , it might even swing our collective online pendulum back toward chaos .
There ’s a reason , of course , that we ’ve worked so hard to tame the web .
Wildness can be terrifying .
A site like ChatRoulette raises all kinds of potential dangers .
Garden - variety Internet nastiness is suddenly supercharged :
Anyone who gets a thrill from lobbing snark will get an extra thrill from watching people react .
( If I were still an unpopular 12 - year - old , my first ChatRoulette session might have crushed me for a year instead of just an hour . )
Then there are privacy issues — people taking screengrabs of other users in the half - second they happen to be looking at a pornographic image , then spreading them around the web .
( I ’m sure there are at least 300 images of me wincing at a masturbating stranger . )
Sexual predators have never had an easier way to expose themselves , potentially even to children ( the site has no apparent age limit ) .
And then there ’s the threat of violence .
One popular shock image , a picture of a man who ’s hanged himself , is terrifying even after you realize it ’s fake :
It makes you think about the possibility of someone actually hurting themselves , or someone else , in the unmappable ether of social - media space .
A few hours after my first ChatRoulette session , one of my actual physical friends came over to my actual physical house .
I told him all about my horrifying experience that afternoon — the insults , the masturbators , the searing flashbacks of adolescent shame .
He demanded that we get on the site immediately .
Somehow , with two people , the experience was different — the rejections less intense , easier to laugh off .
We ended up staying on , talking and dancing , connecting and disconnecting , for four hours .
We chatted with Pratt students in Bed -Stuy , with a man inexplicably sitting on his toilet , with a kid waving a gun and a knife , and with a guy who went to my wife ’s old high school in California .
We saw Chinese kids in computer cafés and English kids drinking beer .
We danced with a guy in his bedroom to the entirety of Michael Jackson ’s “ Do n’t Stop ’ Til You Get Enough . ”
We talked for half an hour with a 28 - year - old tech writer from San Francisco .
After a while , I started to get the lay of the land .
The median age seems to hover around 20 , and males outnumber females probably twenty to one .
Sex is ever - present , whether insinuated or enacted .
( My wife sat in front of the webcam for a while , and it was suddenly , disturbingly , a much friendlier world . )
People are endlessly soliciting nudity , both in person and via signs ( “ FLASH TITS FOR HAITI , ” etc. ) .
Roughly one out of every ten chatters is a naked masturbating man , and even they will usually hang up on you , one - handedly , before you can click away .
YOU : yo man
YOU : like your glasses
STRANGER : thanks
YOU : where are you ? on a boat ?
or is that a bunk bed ?
STRANGER : CHINA and you ?
YOU : NYC USA
YOU : nihao !!
YOU : i learned “ nihao ” from a cartoon
STRANGER : yeah 你好~
YOU : okay , have a great night !
i have to go to bed !
stranger : yeah good night
you disconnected .
looking for a random stranger …
The default interaction on ChatRoulette is roughly three seconds long : assessment , micro-interaction , “ next . ”
This might seem like yet another outrage of the Internet era — the Twitter - fication of face - to - face interaction .
But I was surprised ( as I was with Twitter ) by how much pleasant communication — joy , interest , empathy — can occur in these tiny chunks .
The quest to connect becomes lightning - quick .
A few seconds is plenty of time to wave , or give a thumbs - up , or type “ EMO HAIR , ” or elaborately mime the process of smoking marijuana , or jovially flip somebody off .
( Middle fingers are extremely popular on ChatRoulette , and somehow seem affectionate . )
The paradox of face - to - face conversation across vast distances seems to do strange things to the human brain .
I often found myself acting unlike myself : dancing without provocation with a roomful of Korean girls , greeting people with flurries of over - the - top marijuana slang even though I ’ve never even smoked a joint .
As Internet culture has grown , we ’ve come to romanticize certain kinds of unmediated , old - fashioned “ human ” interactions .
But this fantasy ignores how much of normal social interaction is fleeting , bite - size , instant , tweetlike .
Humans have always talked to each other via a kind of analog Twitter .
These new technologies just get us there with maximum efficiency .
Meeting a new person is thrilling , in a primal way — your attention focuses completely , if only for a nanosecond , to see if the creature in front of you has the power to change your life for better or worse .
ChatRoulette creates this moment over and over again ; it privileges it over actual conversation .
Eventually , I realized that clicking “ next ” was not so much a rejection as it was pure curiosity , like riding a train past an apartment building at night , looking briefly into as many lit windows as possible .
It ’s hard to predict whether ChatRoulette will become a full - blown viral phenomenon , let alone an era-defining touchstone like YouTube .
After that first magical night , I came down with an acute case of ChatRoulette fatigue .
It felt like I ’d experienced the full range the site had to offer : the shock porn , the dance parties , the weirdly aggressive homoerotic banter .
I ’d seen every dorm room in America , China , South Korea , and Brazil .
I ’d been called an old man more times than I could count .
( My friend , who ’s 37 , was accused of being 90 years old , as well as a “ kiddie diddler . ” )
I found myself fantasizing about a curated version of ChatRoulette — powered maybe by Google ’s massive server farms — that would allow users to set all kinds of filters : age , interest , language , location .
One afternoon I might choose to be thrown randomly into a pool of English - speaking thirtysomething non-masturbators who like to read poetry .
Another night I might want to talk to Jets fans .
Another night I might want to just strip away all the filters and see what happens .
The site could even keep stats , like YouTube , so you could see the most popular chatters in any given demographic .
I could get very happily addicted to a site like that .
But that site would also lose a lot of what makes ChatRoulette , for now , so weirdly magnetic .
If I ’d been able to curate my experience , I might never have had what ended up being my favorite interaction : a half - hour chat with a twentysomething , vaguely Kurt Cobain–ish guy in Pittsburgh .
We started with the obligatory ganja jokes , but suddenly he turned serious .
“ Actually , ” he typed , “ I ’m a mystic . ”
When he offered me a tarot - card reading , I considered clicking “ next ” in search of more dancing Koreans .
I ’ve never had a psychic reading — in fact I ’ve actively refused them on many occasions — but something about the strangeness of the context made me accept .
Although I only vaguely remember the content of the reading itself ( I like nature , have been thinking about taking a big trip , etc. ) , the experience was surprisingly powerful .
It felt generous and deep and oddly very human .
Maybe it was just the gift of sustained attention in the midst of so many disconnections .
Afterward , he told me that his name ( like mine ) was Sam , although he called himself the ChatRoulette Mystic .
He said he liked to think of himself as a “ social - media artist ” :
In the same way that a painter ’s canvas , say , can affect the emotions of a museumgoer , he wanted to affect chatters ’ emotions through his webcam .
It was exactly the kind of New Agey thing I ’d probably make fun of in my actual , offline life .
And yet I knew exactly what he meant .
When he asked if I would spread the word to my friends , I told him I would do my best .
For the first time , CNRS ( 1 ) and CEA ( 2 ) researchers have developed a transistor that can mimic the main functionalities of a synapse ( 3 ) .
This organic transistor , based on pentacene ( 4 ) and gold nanoparticles and known as a NOMFET ( Nanoparticle Organic Memory Field - Effect Transistor ) , has opened the way to new generations of neuro - inspired computers , capable of responding in a manner similar to the nervous system .
The study is published in the 22 January 2010 issue of the journal Advanced Functional Materials .
In the development of new information processing strategies , one approach consists in mimicking the way biological systems such as neuron networks operate to produce electronic circuits with new features .
In the nervous system , a synapse is the junction between two neurons , enabling the transmission of electric messages from one neuron to another and the adaptation of the message as a function of the nature of the incoming signal ( plasticity ) .
For example , if the synapse receives very closely packed pulses of incoming signals , it will transmit a more intense action potential .
Conversely , if the pulses are spaced farther apart , the action potential will be weaker .
It is this plasticity that the researchers have succeeding in mimicking with the NOMFET .
A transistor , the basic building block of an electronic circuit , can be used as a simple switch -- it can then transmit , or not , a signal -- or instead offer numerous functionalities ( amplification , modulation , encoding , etc. ) .
The innovation of the NOMFET resides in the original combination of an organic transistor and gold nanoparticles .
These encapsulated nanoparticles , fixed in the channel of the transistor and coated with pentacene , have a memory effect that allows them to mimic the way a synapse works during the transmission of action potentials between two neurons .
This property therefore makes the electronic component capable of evolving as a function of the system in which it is placed .
Its performance is comparable to the seven CMOS transistors ( at least ) that have been needed until now to mimic this plasticity .
advertisement
The devices produced have been optimized to nanometric sizes in order to be able to integrate them on a large scale .
Neuro - inspired computers produced using this technology are capable of functions comparable to those of the human brain .
Unlike silicon computers , widely used in high performance computing , neuro - inspired computers can resolve much more complex problems , such as visual recognition .
Notes
(1) Institut d'Electronique , de Microélectronique et de Nanotechnologie ( CNRS / Université Lille1 / Université de Valenciennes / Isen Recherche ) .
(2) Institut CEA LIST , dedicated to technological research on digital systems .
(3) The synapse designates a functional contact area that is established between two neurons , or between a neuron and another cell .
It assures the conversion of an action potential triggered in the neuron in front of the cell , which transmits this signal to perform a function .
(4) Chemical compound ( C22H14 ) of the family of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons , consisting of five linearly - fused benzene rings .
This extended conjugation , together with a favorable crystal structure , is responsible for its properties as a good organic p-type ( electron donor ) semiconductor .
Derek Thompson ( Dwayne " The Rock " Johnson ) is " The Tooth Fairy " , a hard - charging minor league hockey player whose nickname comes from his habit of separating opposing players from their bicuspids .
When Derek discourages a youngster 's hopes , he 's sentenced to one week 's hard labor as a real tooth fairy , complete with the requisite tutu , wings , and magic wand .
At first , Derek " ca n't handle the tooth " - bumbling and stumbling as he tries to furtively wing his way through strangers ' homes - doing what tooth fairies do .
But as Derek slowly adapts to his new position , he begins to rediscover his own forgotten dreams .
Written by 20th Century Fox
Where would we be without genre labels ?
Free to write new and weird idioms , possibly .
But a couple of recent blog posts make the case that genres are n't cages , they 're toolkits that tell you how to read a particular text .
Advertisement
Writing over at Tor.com a while back , Jo Walton quotes Samuel Delany as saying that people who read science fiction regularly most likely have developed a set of skills to allow them to read SF books .
That 's why you do n't get tripped up by the inclusion of futuristic technology ( like the tachyon drive in Joe Haldeman 's The Forever War ) and you tend to take a certain amount of strange world - building for granted .
She mentions a reviewer who wanted to make the zombies in Kelly Link 's story " Zombie Contingency Plans " into metaphors , when in fact they 're actual zombies .
Why did the tachyon drive in The Forever War trip up someone who 's not accustomed to reading SF ?
Walton explains :
The Forever War is about going away to fight aliens and coming back to find that home is alien , and the tachyon drive is absolutely essential to the story but the way it works - forget it , that 's not important .
This tachyon drive guy , who has stuck in my mind for years and years , got hung up on that detail because he did n't know how to take in what was and what was n't important .
How do I know it was n't important ?
The way it was signalled in the story .
How did I learn how to recognise that ?
By reading half a ton of SF .
How did I read half a ton of SF before I knew how to do it ?
I was twelve years old and used to a lot of stuff going over my head , I picked it up as I went along .
That 's how we all did it .
Why could n't this guy do that ?
He could have , but it would have been work , not fun .
Advertisement
Conversely , Walton says she was in a reading group tackling a Trollope book , and got into an argument about whether you needed footnotes to understand all of the strange little references to things Trollope 's readers would have understood back in the 19th century .
She eventually realized she was reading it as if it were a science - fiction novel , and taking a certain amount of strange world - building for granted .
So genre expectations are actually a kind of decoder ring to allow you to read the text , but people insist on treating them as something more , writes Rachel Swirsky over at Jeff Vandermeer 's Ecstatic Days blog :
I have argued that genre disctinctions are n't useless - they are ways of signaling expectations to readers , and establishing reading conventions , and all that is great .
I think the problem comes when we start reifying genre and assuming that the barriers between genres are somehow real and important barriers , rather than being useful human constructions that can be argued over and negotiated .
Genre is a tool .
It 's not a prophecy .
She cites some instances of people in academia belittling or misunderstanding SF and fantasy ( People in academia ?
Short sighted ?
That never happens ! ) as well as people in the SF community returning the favor for literary fiction in a misguided attempt to balance the scales .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
But the idea that genre is a tool , not a prophecy goes beyond combating genre snobbery , I think — it 's actually helpful for writers to think about when crafting their next novel .
Just because there 's this marvelous tool for helping readers to understand your story , does n't mean your story has to be crafted around the tool .
Novelists are not Ikea , and your swashbuckling space epic is not a chunky sofa with a Scandinavian boy 's name .
Food for thought , anyway .
America ’s Negro problem just wo n’t quit .
The Census Bureau has been using the term “ Negro ” as a racial identifier on its decennial forms since 1950 , later joined -- though not supplanted -- by “ black ” and “ African Am . ”
But when the website thegrio.com recently pointed out that “ Negro ” was going to appear once more on the 2010 census , many black folks reacted with shock and pointed distaste .
Bloggers and pundits condemned the term as a relic of the bad old days of segregation and Jim Crow that has no business in official records anymore .
The Census Bureau says it simply wants to ensure that everybody of color is counted , and that its meticulously vetted decision is based on the fact that more than 50,000 older blacks wrote in “ Negro ” on the last census , in 2000 .
But that purely scientific stance has n’t quelled the protests .
I get why .
Though it was the accepted term until the late ‘ 60s , for those born after that , “ Negro ” is something they never answered to , a word that sounds only slightly less incendiary than “ nigger . ”
Even older blacks tend to use it ironically or sarcastically when they use it at all , as in : “ Those Negroes just ca n’t get it together . ”
Its taint goes back to slavery , when Southerners paternalistically referred to even free blacks as “ our Negroes . ”
Contrast this unpleasantness with Barack Obama , who has established a 21st century standard of racial consideration that ’s figuring into just about every discussion of color these days .
To blacks of all ages , “ Negro ” and President Obama sharing the same era just feels wrong -- maybe he is n’t post- racial , but is n’t he at least post - Negro ?
This controversy may be new , but the angst about what to call ourselves is ancient .
Over the last 40 years , we have self - identified as “ black , ” “ Afro - American ” and “ African American ” in an attempt get out from under the subjugationrepresented by “ Negro ” and , before that , “ colored . ”
But the history of all this is hardly a straight line .
“ Black ” is associated with ‘ 60s pride and power , but it was once considered derogatory and far less appropriate than “ Negro , ” which evolved after emancipation into a relatively respectable term .
“ Lift Ev’ry Voice and Sing , ” the stirring James Weldon Johnson song that will be performed regularly during African American History Month -- or is it Black History Month ? -- started out as the “ Negro National Anthem . ”
“ Afro - American ” has a similar reputation of ‘ 60s radicalism , but its use dates to the turn of the 20th century , a time when blacks were fighting for social inclusion against frightful odds ; the magazine Advance described as part of its mission “ obtaining for the Afro - American an equal chance . ”
The term “ African American , ” popularized in the ‘ 80s by Jesse Jackson , is an amalgam of all the terms before it that sought to bring a measure of peace to the conflicted notion of being a black American , a notion that demanded acknowledgment of citizenship and common history as well as a racial experience and identity that ’s separate and unique .
But even the bold word “ African ” was not new , having had its turn in colonial times , when the First African Methodist Episcopal Church was founded .
It had also been used by whites to describe slaves and blacks in general , and by the 19th century had fallen out of favor .
Like the president , I am part of that black generation whose lifetime spans pretty much all of the above .
I was born a Negro in 1962 -- it ’s on my birth certificate -- and in short order became black , Afro-American and African American .
Although I appreciate the impulse for self - definition and self - determination that attended each of these name changes , I ca n’t say that any of them has impacted my life in any measurable way .
I will say that I ’ve never liked “ African American ” -- too cumbersome and self - conscious .
Nor does it cover the African diaspora in America as neatly as the word “ black , ” which most people of color I know use most commonly to describe themselves .
“ African American ” also gave too many blacks the sense that simply changing a name to something more dignified or ethnically accurate counts as racial progress .
What it has mostly done is let us say that 30 % of African Americans live in poverty , and that more than half of African American men of working age are unemployed in some cities .
Do we value African Americans now more than we valued blacks or Negroes in the past ?
I submit that we do n’t .
The real problem is not names at all , but the imperiled status of black people that persists from one age to the next , from one “ acceptable ” term to another .
That ’s acknowledged in the fact that , controversy notwithstanding , nobody today quibbles with the names of advocacy groups such as the National Council of Negro Women .
In his civil rights rhetoric , the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. repeatedly infused “ the Negro ” with urgency and even poetry , turning the isolation and alienation of the phrase into a powerful part of his argument for racial inclusion .
Black leaders before him did the same thing with the often pejorative “ the colored man . ”
But that was then , and this is now : “ Negro ” is officially the last of the oppressor appellations , and for many people it ’s past time to retire it for good .
And so here we are in 2010 .
May I suggest that we count black folks any way that makes sense and turn our national attention to the big racial issues that really matter ?
Though it ’s interesting to note that when the 2000 census allowed people to check more than one racial category -- in a nod to mixed - race folks who objected to being identified as black only -- it fueled concerns among blacks / African Americans / Negroes that our numbers would diminish as our lines of demarcation blurred .
Whatever you think about “ Negro , ” whom it refers to is abundantly clear .
Erin Aubry Kaplan is a contributing editor to Opinion .
Enlarge By Suzanne Starr , AP Paul Harvey , the news commentator and talk - radio pioneer whose staccato style made him one of the nation 's most familiar voices , had close ties to the FBI , documents reveal .
Photo shows Harvey in 2001 .
He was a broadcasting legend , a commentator with a voice instantly familiar to listeners both loyal and sporadic .
But on the cusp of his national career , he was an FBI target whose network bosses fretted about whether he should be fired .
Paul Harvey 's FBI file , released to USA TODAY under a Freedom of Information Act request , shows how his relationship with the bureau evolved from perp to pen pal .
The 1,375 pages also illuminate how the FBI cultivated one of the nation 's most popular media figures by not only providing flattery from its most prominent officials but also by secretly putting words in his mouth .
Harvey died last February at age 90 after a broadcasting career spanning seven decades .
His voice reached 24 million listeners at the peak of his career , when his daily show was carried on more than 1,200 radio stations and his column appeared in 300 newspapers .
His signature form was " The Rest of the Story , " a folksy anecdote ending with an ironic twist , delivered with theatrical cadences and dramatic pauses .
HARVEY FAREWELL : Lauded at 2009 funeral in Chicago
The federal files show that Harvey frequently gave the FBI advance copies of his scripts and columns , seeking information and advice .
The FBI obliged , even writing portions of Harvey 's commentaries for him , the records show .
A 1986 commentary , for example , contained an FBI - written section about the bureau's " highly regarded " services to other law enforcement agencies .
Harvey had written to FBI spokesman William Baker , enclosing a draft commentary praising then - director William Webster and asking , " Please help me add meat to these bones . "
Baker responded a month later , enclosing a copy of Harvey 's draft with the FBI 's handwritten corrections and additions .
" I think your words portray us very well but , as you requested , my staff has added a little ' meat to the bones , ' " Baker wrote .
The resulting commentary , also distributed as Harvey 's syndicated newspaper column , included the FBI 's suggestions word for word .
That kind of coziness between journalists and government was common in the 1950s , although it would n't be acceptable today , said Loren Ghiglione , an ethics professor at Northwestern University 's Medill School of Journalism .
LIBERAL BIAS ?
Harvey complains about a professor
SPECIAL TREATMENT : Harvey removed from Hoover favorite list
GET ME REWRITE : Harvey asks FBI for writing assistance
" I do n't think that the public was necessarily well served by the relationship in that it was n't transparent , " Ghiglione said .
" They did n't know what was going on or if there were quid pro quos as part of the relationship . "
Harvey 's son , Paul Harvey Jr. , did not respond to USA TODAY 's e-mailed requests for comment .
J. Edgar Hoover , the FBI director from 1924 until his death in 1972 , had similar relationships with other journalists friendly to the FBI , Ghiglione said .
Those , like Harvey , on the Special Correspondents '
List got behind - the - scenes help from the FBI and praise from Hoover for putting the bureau in a good light .
Harvey 's FBI file includes 66 letters from Hoover , most of them thanking Harvey for commentaries lauding the bureau and its director for fighting crime and communism .
One example from May 1959 : " All of us in the FBI count it as a great honor to have you as one of our closest friends .
The staunch defense you have always put up in behalf of the FBI and your unwavering devotion to the best causes of your country have been a source of great inspiration to us , " Hoover wrote .
Harvey 's reaction was enthusiastic .
After Hoover thanked him for plugging tours of the FBI during a 1957 Inauguration Day broadcast , Harvey replied : " From some future pinnacle , if the Republic has survived , history will record that it was largely due to your vigilance . "
Harvey 's relationship with the bureau was n't always so friendly , however .
In 1951 , agents investigated Harvey after the young radio announcer climbed over a fence at the Argonne National Laboratory , a nuclear research site near Chicago .
Harvey said he was trying to prove security at the site was dangerously lax — but he was arrested a few yards from the fence after his coat got snagged on the barbed wire atop it .
Federal prosecutors took the case to a grand jury , which refused to indict Harvey .
While the case was pending , an official at ABC News contacted the FBI , worried about its plans to promote Harvey to a slot on the network , according to an FBI memo .
The FBI told the ABC executive , whose name was redacted from the files , " that this was a decision we could not make for him . "
One year and a day after the grand jury 's decision , Harvey had his first face - to - face meeting with Hoover , escorted by Republican Rep .
Fred Busbey , the records show .
FBI official Louis Nichols wrote to Clyde Tolson , Hoover 's right - hand man , that " Harvey has a history of emotional instability " but " he apparently has completely rehabilitated himself . "
At FBI headquarters , Harvey told Nichols that he was grateful for the FBI 's " fair and impartial manner " during the investigation .
After the meeting , Nichols wrote to Tolson , Harvey had said Hoover " far exceeded his highest expectations and if at any time he could do anything to assist the Director , he would appreciate being called upon . "
As Harvey used to sign off : Now you know … the rest of the story .
Mildred 's Temple Kitchen is inviting customers to have sex in its bathrooms .
The Valentine 's weekend promotion takes uncomfortable but electrifying sex from the close confines of an airplane and transfers it to the unisex stalls of the Hanna Ave. restaurant .
The Liberty Village restaurant proposes its modern bathrooms become one of the " 101 places to have sex before you die . "
MORE FROM THESTAR .COM :
Mildred 's has always elicited a certain response .
One customer , who did n't want to be named , remembers going to a wedding at the eatery 's old location and seeing a copy of the Kama Sutra in the bathroom .
" They invite it , " said the customer .
This time , the invitation is explicit .
On its website , Mildred 's asks : " Have you given any thought to moving beyond the bedroom ?
" Check out Mildred 's Sexy Bathrooms throughout the weekend of Big Love .
You get the picture . "
Actually , the picture is clouded by practicalities .
Is the restaurant supplying condoms ?
What about the health risks of body fluids ?
And who 's cleaning up ?
" We 've always had little trysts in our bathrooms , " says chef / co - owner Donna Dooher , pointing to lingering weekday lunches as a popular time .
" We 're taking it to the next level on Valentine 's weekend . "
The restaurant 's four bathrooms light up outside when occupied .
Staff have learned to watch the light flicker twice when two customers enter the same bathroom , usually a few minutes apart .
Toronto Public
Health says as long as there 's no sex in the kitchen and the restaurant keeps its washrooms clean and sanitized , it 's not fussed .
" As far as bodily fluids , it 's pretty much similar to the other human functions going on in there , " says Jim Chan , manager of the food safety program .
Dooher says customers must bring their own condoms but she 's hiring a maid to tidy the washrooms that weekend .
" She 'll be there with her feather duster and cleaning supplies . "
At least diners are n't encouraged to use furry handcuffs , part of a $ 55 " naughty love hamper , " while at Mildred's .
" Best to savour and enjoy ( those ) long after you leave the restaurant , " the restaurant says .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
A key security operative of the Palestinian Islamist movement Hamas was under arrest in Syria tonight on suspicion of having helped an alleged Israeli hit squad identify Mahmoud al - Mabhouh before he was assassinated in Dubai , the Guardian has learned .
Palestinian sources in the Gulf confirmed Nahro Massoud , a Hamas security official , was in detention and under interrogation in Damascus in connection with the 19 January killing , which is now widely assumed to have been mounted by Israel 's Mossad secret intelligence service .
Khaled Mishal , Hamas 's political leader , denied the allegation .
" It is not correct at all , " he said , as Hamas sources suggested a disinformation campaign by the group 's Fatah rival .
But informed Palestinian sources insisted Massoud was being questioned amid mounting speculation that potentially senior Palestinian defectors may have assisted in the plot .
The authorities in Dubai have refused to name two other Palestinians who were extradited from Jordan to the United Arab Emirates after the murder .
Al - Jazeera reported that one of them worked for Fatah 's security services but the Palestinian Authority has denied that .
Today fresh details of the assassination operation and the motives for the killing continued to emerge .
The plot
After returning from a walk around the city al - Mabhouh was ambushed in his room on the second floor of Dubai 's al - Bustan Rotana hotel by four men wearing baseball caps and T - shirts identified by Dubai police as the " execution team " .
They were said to have broken into his room , suffocated him and departed in around 10 minutes .
They then left the country .
The squad had constantly changed their appearances , using wigs , hats and glasses as disguises .
But today questions emerged over the CCTV evidence released by Dubai police .
All the assassins began leaving the hotel around 20 minutes after the ­murder , according to Dubai authorities , who showed footage of Gail Folliard , claimed to be the only woman in the group , exiting the hotel .
Police also released footage of what now appears to be a second woman leaving the building around the same time .
She was wearing white trousers and a stripy hat , departing with a different man .
An Emirati official told the New York Times the hit team was not restricted to the 11 individuals whose photographs were initially released by Dubai police , but in fact included a total of 17 people , six of whom had not yet been identified .
Those additional suspects could include the two Palestinians in UAE custody , the second woman shown in the footage and , potentially , Massoud .
The Palestinian connection
Massoud 's name first surfaced in the Kuwaiti newspaper al - Siyasah which quoted " a well - informed source " in Dubai as saying he had been with Mabhouh until he was killed , raising questions about his involvement .
" Hamas suspects that he [ Massoud ] passed on the information that led to ­Mabhouh 's killing , " a senior ­Palestinian source told Israel 's Ma'ariv newspaper .
Massoud , a commander of Hamas 's armed wing , the Izzedine al - Qassam brigades , fled from Gaza to Egypt where he was detained but released in late 2007 , to the fury of the western - backed Palestinian Authority , run by Hamas 's rival , Fatah .
Killings of Palestinians by Israel have often involved Palestinian agents being used to identity the target .
Israeli media have reported previously that Mabhouh 's killing prompted Hamas to launch an internal investigation to determine whether Israel had infiltrated its ranks .
" The assassination of someone as senior as Mabhouh has rung an alarm bell in Hamas , " one official told the Jerusalem Post .
" Only a few people in the Hamas leadership knew about Mabhouh 's secret activities and movements . "
But Yossi Melman , the Haaretz newspaper 's expert on intelligence , commented that such stories were " another example of the sort of psychological warfare against Hamas that would have the organisation become even more suspicious of flawed security in its ranks " .
Hamas has said little about Mabhouh except to acknowledge he was a valued member of the organisation .
It immediately vowed to retaliate for his death .
A colleague told a Gulf newspaper : " Mabhouh played a key role in supplying the Palestinian people with weapons and money .
His central role in the 2008 - 2009 Gaza war was clear , he supplied Palestinian fighters with special weapons , he was an important figure for our military . "
Hamas has accused Israel of trying and failing to kill Mabhouh three months ago .
Speculation about the motives for his assassination has focused on his role in the 1989 abduction and killing of two Israeli soldiers .
The Iranian connection
Middle East experts and diplomats see the Dubai plot as part of a wider clandestine struggle between Israel and Hamas – and a deliberate attempt to weaken the Palestinian organisation 's links with Iran .
Israel considered Mabhouh to be the point man in smuggling longer - range Iranian rockets into Gaza that would be capable of striking Israel 's urban heartland .
Neither Hamas nor Dubai police have given any indication of why Mabhouh was in the emirate , a convenient access point for the Islamic Republic .
Hamas has occasionally confirmed that its men have been sent to Iran for training by the Revolutionary Guards , confirming allegations made by Israel .
Iran says it supports Hamas as a resistance movement .
But it is shy of revealing any information about its financial and logistical backing for the Palestinians .
A rare public glimpse of this largely secret war came last January when Israeli planes and drones attacked a convoy of arms and explosives heading for Gaza across the Sudanese desert during the three - week Cast Lead offensive .
The Austrian connection
There were more signs tonight the plot was connected with a less obvious country , after claims Austria was used as a communications hub by the squad .
Dubai police identified Austria as ­" command centre " for the assassins , after mobile phone data showed at least seven numbers originating there .
The gang never telephoned each other directly other than with what Dubai police speculated were " encrypted " messages , but contact was maintained via several Austrian mobile phone Sim cards .
Austria has confirmed its officials were assessing the claims .
Vienna has a long reputation as a centre of espionage , having been used extensively during the cold war and elements of the sophisticated infrastructure have remained in place .
In December 2008 radical Islamic terrorists also coordinated their bomb attacks in Mumbai , in which 160 people were killed , using Austrian mobile phone numbers .
Advertisements
On his MSNBC program Countdown tonight , host Keith Olbermann delivered a brutal critique against President Obama ’s decision to send more troops to Afghanistan .
He concluded , “ So , much of the change for which you were elected , Sir , has thus far been understandably , if begrudgingly , tabled , delayed , made more open - ended . ”
Here is the video :
Advertisements
Olbermann offered some advice for Obama , “ You should survey the dismal array of options in front of you — even the orders given out last night — sort them into the unacceptable , the unsuccessful , and the merely un-palatable , and then put your arm down on the table and wipe the entire assortment of them off your desk — off this nation ’s desk — and into the scrap heap of history . ”
He called the US military an occupying force , “ But poll after poll , and anecdote after anecdote , of the reality of public opinion inside Afghanistan is that its residents believe we are fighting Afghanistan .
That we , Sir , have become an occupying force .
Yes : if we leave , Afghanistan certainly will have an occupying force , whether it ’s from Pakistan , or consisting of foreign fighters who will try to ally themselves with the Taliban . ”
Here is how he described Obama ’s exit strategy , President Obama will be presenting an exit strategy for Afghanistan .
The exit strategy that begins by entering still further .
Lose to win , sink to swim , escalate to disengage .
And even this disconnect of fundamental logic is predicated on the assumption that once the extra troops go in , when the President says “ okay , time for adult swim , Generals , time to get out of the pool and bring the troops with you , ” that the Pentagon is just going to say “ Yeppers . ”
He concluded by stressing the left is running out of patience with Obama , “ So , much of the change for which you were elected , Sir , has thus far been understandably , if begrudgingly , tabled , delayed , made more open - ended .
But patience ebbs , Mr. President .
And while the first one thousand key decisions of your presidency were already made about the economy , the first public , easy - to - discern , mouse - or - elephant kind of decision comes tomorrow night at West Point at eight o’clock . ”
Olbermann is completely wrong on every count .
He offered lots of reasons to leave Afghanistan , but he did n’t discuss what would happen once the U.S. left .
The Taliban is waiting the United States out , and as soon as Uncle Sam leaves , they will seize control of the country .
You remember the Taliban do n’t you , Mr. Olbermann ?
They were the reason why al - Qaeda was able to make Afghanistan their base of operations .
He is also neglecting to consider the political fallout here in the United States , if the military pulled out of Afghanistan .
The Republicans would certainly use a withdrawal against Obama and the Democrats , and God forbid if al - Qaeda attacks the US again after the troops leave Afghanistan , because , justified or not , Obama ’s Afghanistan decision will be blamed .
Keith Olbermann is n’t interested in discussing the issue of what do in Afghanistan in any depth .
Instead , he is only interesting in providing his liberal audience with more red meat .
This is why Olbermann is no different than Glenn Beck or Rush Limbaugh .
Obviously , the solution is not to stay in Afghanistan forever , but Olbermann ’s shortsighted advice would only lead to failure both in Afghanistan and political defeat for the Democratic Party .
Every dolphin's gone surfin ' !
Stunning pictures as hundreds play among some monster waves
Advertisement
These huge breakers would put the fear of God into most surfers .
But when you 're a dolphin , they can only mean one thing : Playtime .
Gliding effortlessly through the ocean these masters of the ocean made light work of waves up to 25 feet high .
In pods of up to 400 , the creatures crowded into the swell of the water as it broke .
And with seemingly little effort they tore through the surf , leaping high in the air as they went .
Formation fins :
The dolphins form a line as the wave builds up heading towards the shore in South Africa
On a crest of a wave :
In pods up to 400 - strong , these surfing dolphins made light work of monster waves up to 25 feet high
At points some of the more daring dolphins achieved jumps up to 20 feet high , appearing to spring straight over the powerful walls of water .
Others burst through the wave in perfect formation .
Photographer Greg Huglin snapped these incredible pictures on the south coast of South Africa .
The 57 - year - old dad - of - two , from Santa Barbara in California , said : ' The first time I saw dolphins surfing the waves I was completely blown away .
' I was in South Africa filming white sharks and happened to stop in a small town where a shop was advertising dolphin and whale watching boat tours .
' I went along and after that I spent three months every year for the next six years filming and photographing the dolphins .
Leaping high :
At points some of the more daring dolphins achieve jumps up to 20 feet , appearing to spring straight over the powerful walls of water Snap : Professional photographer and film - maker Greg Huglin snapped these incredible pictures on the south coast of South Africa Surf 's up :
Like humans , it is possible the dolphins take to the surf for pure enjoyment Masters of the ocean :
The dolphins are clearly having fun as another giant wave builds up
Manufacturers should not be able to make medical claims for homeopathic products , say MPs
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The NHS should stop all funding of homeopathy , an influential committee of MPs said today .
The science and technology committee of the House of Commons says there is no evidence that homeopathy has anything other than a placebo effect .
It says that manufacturers must no longer be able to make medical claims for homeopathic products .
The hard - hitting report will anger believers in complementary medicine , including Prince Charles who set up a foundation to encourage integration of comlementary medicine into the NHS .
If accepted by the government it would also spell the end of state support for the Royal Homeopathic hospital in London .
The committee 's chairman , Phil Willis , said claims for homeopathy are not based on sound science .
" It sets an unfortunate precedent for the Department of Health to consider that the existence of a community which believes that homeopathy works is ' evidence ' enough to continue spending public money on it . "
And the purge begins .
Here ’s the NASA Climate Change “ evidence ” page where they list a series of visual earth topics that support AGW as factual .
In the sidebar they have heavy reference on IPCC AR4 .
Scrolling down through the page you come across the section that talks about glacier melt .
Here is the screencap of that section BEFORE ( courtesy of Google Cache ) and AFTER as it appears now :
Yellow highlight mine .
Note not only did they cite the now famous false glacier melting alarm from IPCC AR4 , they moved it up five years to 2030 !
Feel free to check it yourself with Google cache here .
I also saved the entire cached web page as a PDF file here : climate.nasa
Here is the NASA climate page after the recent change :
A big hat tip to WUWT reader “ Jaymam ” for spotting this .
I wonder how many other pages are now going to start seeing IPCC references disappearing ?
UPDATE : While the discovery by “ Jaymam ” was independent , it appears that the UK Register first posted on this on Jan 20th , from a tip from their reader , Charles W. , who was the first to notice NASA rewriting history with the glaciers :
Spotted 19th January .
Posted 20th January :
As the article mentions , at the same time , a bunch of celebs were on top of Kilimanjaro crying for the ice .
h/t to Andrew Orlowski of the Register .
Sponsored IT training links :
Need quick success ?
Then try out our 642-436 prep material which includes latest PMI - 001 dumps and 70 - 432 practice exam so you will pass exam on first try
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Part of the Series The Public Intellectual
In 1977 I took my first job in higher education at Boston University .
One reason I went there was because Howard Zinn was teaching there at the time .
As a high school teacher , Howard ’s book , “ Vietnam : the Logic of Withdrawal , ” published in 1968 , had a profound effect on me .
Not only was it infused with a passion and sense of commitment that I admired as a high school teacher and tried to internalize as part of my own pedagogy , but it captured something about the passion , sense of commitment and respect for solidarity that came out of Howard ’s working - class background .
It offered me a language , history and politics that allowed me to engage critically and articulate my opposition to the war that was raging at the time .
I grew up in Providence , Rhode Island , and rarely met or read any working - class intellectuals .
After reading James Baldwin , hearing William Kunstler and Stanley Aronowitz give talks , I caught a glimpse of what it meant to occupy such a fragile , contradictory and often scorned location .
But reading Howard gave me the theoretical tools to understand more clearly how the mix of biography , cultural capital and class location could be finely honed into a viable and laudable politics .
Later , as I got to know Howard personally , I was able to fill in the details about his working - class background and his intellectual development .
We had grown up in similar neighborhoods , shared a similar cultural capital and we both probably learned more from the streets than we had ever learned in formal schooling .
There was something about Howard ’s fearlessness , his courage , his willingness to risk not just his academic position , but also his life , that marked him as special – untainted by the often corrupting privileges of class entitlement .
Before I arrived in Boston to begin teaching at Boston University , Howard was a mythic figure for me and I was anxious to meet him in real life .
How I first encountered him was perfectly suited to the myth .
While walking to my first class , as I was nearing the university , filled with the trepidation of teaching a classroom of students , I caught my first glimpse of Howard .
He was standing on a box with a bullhorn in front of the Martin Luther King memorial giving a talk calling for opposition to Silber ’s attempt to undermine any democratic or progressive function of the university .
The image so perfectly matched my own understanding of Howard that I remember thinking to myself , this has to be the perfect introduction to such a heroic figure .
Soon afterwards , I wrote him a note and rather sheepishly asked if we could meet .
He got back to me in a day ; we went out to lunch soon afterwards , and a friendship developed that lasted over 30 years .
While teaching at Boston University , I often accompanied Howard when he went to high schools to talk about his published work or his plays .
I sat in on many of his lectures and even taught one of his graduate courses .
He loved talking to students and they were equally attracted to him .
His pedagogy was dynamic , directive , focused , laced with humor and always open to dialog and interpretation .
He was a magnificent teacher , who shredded all notions of the classroom as a place that was as uninteresting as it was often irrelevant to larger social concerns .
He urged his students not just to learn from history , but to use it as a resource to sharpen their intellectual prowess and hone their civic responsibilities .
Howard refused to separate what he taught in the university classroom , or any forum for that matter , from the most important problems and issues facing the larger society .
But he never demanded that students follow his own actions ; he simply provided a model of what a combination of knowledge , teaching and social commitment meant .
Central to Howard ’s pedagogy was the belief that teaching students how to critically understand a text or any other form of knowledge was not enough .
They also had to engage such knowledge as part of a broader engagement with matters of civic agency and social responsibility .
How they did that was up to them , but , most importantly , they had to link what they learned to a self - reflective understanding of their own responsibility as engaged individuals and social actors .
He offered students a range of options .
He was n’t interested in molding students in the manner of Pygmalion , but in giving them the widest possible set of choices and knowledge necessary for them to view what they learned as an act of freedom and empowerment .
There is a certain poetry in his pedagogical style and scholarship and it is captured in his belief that one can take a position without standing still .
He captured this sentiment well in a comment he made in his autobiography , “ You Ca n’t Be Neutral on a Moving Train . ”
He wrote :
“ From the start , my teaching was infused with my own history .
I would try to be fair to other points of view , but I wanted more than ‘ objectivity ’ ; I wanted students to leave my classes not just better informed , but more prepared to relinquish the safety of silence , more prepared to speak up , to act against injustice wherever they saw it .
This , of course , was a recipe for trouble . ”
In fact , Howard was under constant attack by John Silber , then president of Boston University , because of his scholarship and teaching .
One expression of that attack took the form of freezing Howard ’s salary for years .
Howard loved watching independent and Hollywood films and he and I and Roz [ Howard ’s wife ] saw many films together while I was in Boston .
I remember how we quarreled over “ Last Tango in Paris . ”
I loved the film , but he disagreed .
But Howard disagreed in a way that was persuasive and instructive .
He listened , stood his ground , and , if he was wrong , often said something like , “ O.K. , you got a point , ” always accompanied by that broad and wonderful smile .
What was so moving and unmistakable about Howard was his humility , his willingness to listen , his refusal of all orthodoxies and his sense of respect for others .
I remember once when he was leading a faculty strike at BU in the late 1970s and I mentioned to him that too few people had shown up .
He looked at me and made it very clear that what should be acknowledged is that some people did show up and that was a beginning .
He rightly put me in my place that day – a lesson I never forgot .
Howard was no soppy optimist , but someone who believed that human beings , in the face of injustice and with the necessary knowledge , were willing to resist , organize and collectively struggle .
Howard led the committee organized to fight my firing by Silber .
We lost that battle , but Howard was a source of deep comfort and friendship for me during a time when I had given up hope .
I later learned that Silber , the notorious right - wing enemy of Howard and anyone else on the left , had included me on a top - ten list of blacklisted academics at BU .
Hearing that I shared that list with Howard was a proud moment for me .
But Howard occupied a special place in Silber ’s list of enemies , and he once falsely accused Howard of arson , a charge he was later forced to retract once the charge was leaked to the press .
Howard was one of the few intellectuals I have met who took education seriously .
He embraced it as both necessary for creating an informed citizenry and because he rightly felt it was crucial to the very nature of politics and human dignity .
He was a deeply committed scholar and intellectual for whom the line between politics and life , teaching and civic commitment collapsed into each other .
Howard never allowed himself to be seduced either by threats , the seductions of fame or the need to tone down his position for the standard bearers of the new illiteracy that now populates the mainstream media .
As an intellectual for the public , he was a model of dignity , engagement and civic commitment .
He believed that addressing human suffering and social issues mattered , and he never flinched from that belief .
His commitment to justice and the voices of those expunged from the official narratives of power are evident in such works as his monumental and best - known book , “ A People ’s History of the United States , ” but it was also evident in many of his other works , talks , interviews and the wide scope of public interventions that marked his long and productive life .
Howard provided a model of what it meant to be an engaged scholar , who was deeply committed to sustaining public values and a civic life in ways that linked theory , history and politics to the everyday needs and language that informed everyday life .
He never hid behind a firewall of jargon , refused to substitute irony for civic courage and disdained the assumption that working - class and oppressed people were incapable of governing themselves .
Unlike so many public relations intellectuals today , I never heard him interview himself while talking to others .
Everything he talked about often pointed to larger social issues , and all the while , he completely rejected any vestige of political and moral purity .
His lack of rigidity coupled with his warmness and humor often threw people off , especially those on the left and right who seem to pride themselves on their often zombie - like stoicism .
But , then again , Howard was not a child of privilege .
He had a working - class sensibility , though hardly romanticized , and sympathy for the less privileged in society along with those whose voices had been kept out of the official narratives as well as a deeply felt commitment to solidarity , justice , dialogue and hope .
And it was precisely this great sense of dignity and generosity in his politics and life that often moved people who shared his company privately or publicly .
A few days before his death , he sent me an email commenting on something I had written for Truthout about zombie politics .
( It astonishes me that this will have been the last correspondence .
Even at my age , the encouragement and support of this man , this towering figure in my life , meant such a great deal . )
His response captures something so enduring and moving about his spirit .
He wrote :
“ Henry , we are in a situation where mild rebuke , even critiques we consider ‘ radical ’ are not sufficient .
( Frederick Douglass ’ speech on the Fourth of July in 1852 , thunderously angry , comes close to what is needed ) .
Raising the temperature of our language , our indignation , is what you are doing and what is needed .
I recall that Sartre , close to death , was asked : ‘ What do you regret ? ’
He answered : ‘ I was n’t radical enough . ' ”
I suspect that Howard would have said the same thing about himself .
And maybe no one can ever be radical enough , but Howard came close to that ideal in his work , life and politics .
Howard ’s death is especially poignant for me because I think the formative culture that produced intellectuals like him is gone .
He leaves an enormous gap in the lives of many thousands of people who knew him and were touched by the reality of the embodied and deeply felt politics he offered to all of us .
I will miss him , his emails , his work , his smile and his endearing presence .
Of course , he would frown on such a sentiment , and with a smile would more than likely say , “ do more than mourn , organize . ”
Of course , he would be right , but maybe we can do both .
Note From the Author :
The renown sociologist , Zygmunt Bauman , in response to my tribute to Howard Zinn responded by sending a piece he wrote on the recent anniversary of Camus ’s death .
Zygmunt stated that he saw a parallel and connection between the lives of these two important public intellectuals .
Editor ’s Note : Howard Zinn and Henry A. Giroux not only shared a long personal friendship but also many professional and political connections .
Henry A. Giroux recently joined the Truthout Board of Directors .
Howard Zinn was a member of Truthout ’s Board of Advisors and his comments and suggestions about our work will be greatly missed by all of us .
to/vh
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Barack Obama ’s campaign strategy for Democrats in the November elections is taking shape -- appeal to Republicans to make compromises and if they do not , accuse them of obstruction .
U.S. President Barack Obama delivers remarks at Democratic National Committee winter meeting in Washington February 6 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Yuri Gripas
Obama is basically angling to call the bluff of Republicans who he believes have done nothing but stand in opposition to his proposals on revamping the U.S. healthcare system and stimulating the economy .
It is a strategy he is outlining in town - hall meetings and most recently at Democratic fund - raising events he held last week , as he seeks to regain his political footing after Democrats lost their 60 - vote supermajority in the Senate .
“ I told my Republican friends I want to work together with them where I can -- and I meant it , ” Obama said at a Democratic event on Thursday .
“ And I told them I will also call them out if they say they want to work on something then when I offer a hand , I get nothing in return . ”
By the same token , Republicans are expressing a willingness to work with Obama -- up to a point -- and are interested to see if he really is willing to agree to some of their priorities .
Sensing they stand to make big gains in congressional elections in November , they are in no mood to agree to anything that would raise taxes or increase government spending and budget deficits .
“ Republicans will not blindly abandon our commitment to the American people and throw out our principles , ” said the top Republican in the House of Representatives , John Boehner .
And they are also wary of Obama , suspecting his newfound willingness to talk to them is a political ploy aimed at spotlighting their initiatives and ridiculing them .
Obama ’s pledge to seek unity will be put to the test as early as this week .
On Tuesday he hosts Democratic and Republican leaders from the House and Senate at the White House for talks on jobs and the economy .
PRODUCING RESULTS
Democratic leaders are pushing a multibillion - dollar jobs bill that is expected to seek an extension of unemployment benefits and aid to beleaguered state budgets , among other items .
Republicans want to see Obama hold true to pledges made in his State of the Union speech and seek measures to build more nuclear plants , increase offshore oil exploration and take steps to increase U.S. exports such as entering into foreign trade agreements .
Obama and his Democrats , struggling to bring down the country ’s 9.7 percent jobless rate and having seen their healthcare overhaul stalled , are eager to prove to Americans they can generate results ahead of the November elections .
“ Voters are looking for results , ” said political analyst Dave Wasserman of the Cook Political Report .
“ Right now they ’re frustrated that they ’re not seeing bipartisan results . ”
Mindful that independent voters want to see bipartisanship and are disenchanted with Obama , Republicans are under pressure to prove they can join in governing , ahead of elections in which more than a third of the 100 Senate seats and all 435 House seats are at stake .
Some see a potential for agreement on a scaled - backed healthcare initiative .
“ I would love to see a small - scale , sensible , centrist healthcare initiative get passed this summer , ” said Ari Fleischer , who was press secretary to Republican President George W. Bush .
“ I still would like to see progress get made wherever the center can hold on modest initiatives .
But I think there ’s no taste for anything major . ”
The party in power typically loses seats in the first election after a new president takes office , and Democrats are in a defensive mode after Republican Scott Brown last month won a Senate seat in Massachusetts held for decades by Democrats .
The Cook Political Report ’s latest forecast said Republicans stand to gain four to six Senate seats and 25 to 35 seats in the House .
That is not enough for Republicans to gain control of either chamber but sufficient to give them a louder voice and force Obama to take greater notice of their priorities .
“ It ’s never OK to decide the outcome of an election nine months away .
But there are few signs that Democrats have an easy way out of this , ” Wasserman said .
University of Texas political scientist Bruce Buchanan said with the country locked in recession and facing other staggering problems , it can only help to have the two sides talking .
“ It might create some common ground , ” he said .
“ I just think it ’s a healthy development if they can make a habit out of it .
And if they can do it in a sincere way instead of trying to game it somehow . ”
Did Netflix Out a Customer ?
Your Private Details May Be Fodder for a Contest Suggesting movies is risky business .
User picks reveal more than you may think .
Feb. 7 , 2010  --
My university , which is in Philadelphia , recently sent an e-mail to faculty and staff reiterating its privacy policy .
Specifically , it said that the Pennsylvania Breach of Personal Information
Act requires us to notify a person if we disclose personal information .
Personal Information is defined as " the first name or initial and last name in combination with one or more of the following nonpublic unencrypted pieces of information : a Social Security number , a driver 's license number or state identification card , financial account number , credit card or debit card number accompanied by the applicable passwords or security codes . "
The Netflix Contest and Lawsuit
This is a laudable policy , but almost immediately after reading this e-mail , I read about a contest that the DVD movie rental company Netflix conducted over the last few years .
The contest was intended to elicit from the general public algorithms that would enable the company to improve its suggestions for future selections .
To do this , Netflix released a huge trove of data about users ' picks of past movies and their ratings of these movies .
Since it wanted a better way of determining other movies these users might like or dislike , the company announced a $ 1 million prize .
The prize would be awarded to that group of researchers whose predictions about a different trove of movie ratings data involving these same users were most accurate .
The users were anonymous , identified only by number .
No names , Social Security numbers , drivers ' license numbers or financial account figures were released , so the contest complied with Pennsylvania 's policy on privacy , undoubtedly a common one across the country .
Netflix also took other measures to anonymize the information , but this did not prevent the company from being sued recently as part of a class action suit by a subscriber for violation of her privacy .
An unnamed , in - the - closet lesbian mother has alleged that , by not adequately anonymizing the data set , Netflix outed her and thereby caused her economic and psychological harm .
The explanation :
It turns out that people were able to identify specific users by matching their Netflix reviews and ratings with some signed ones the users had posted on the Internet Movie Database .
Nevertheless , the lawsuit maintains that in releasing the large data set Neflix had violated the very strict Video Privacy Protection Act , which was passed when the movie choices of Supreme Court nominee Robert Bork were obtained from a video store .
Another Netflix Contest Even More Revealing ?
The $ 1 million winner was picked in the first contest , and now Netflix is said to be planning a second contest to further improve its prediction algorithms .
In this contest , it will provide users ' individual ratings of movies but anonymize the users by " only " providing their birth dates , zip codes , and genders .
" Only " is in quotes since this information is even more revealing than that released in the earlier contest .
A look at the numbers hints at why .
If , as a first approximation , we assume that people live to age 75 , then we have about 27,375 ( 75 x 365 ) possible birth dates .
Since there are approximately 43,000 5 - digit zip codes , and 2 genders , the so - called multiplication principle says that there are about 27,000 x 43,000 x 2 possible sets of birth dates , zip codes , and genders .
This product equals about 2.3 billion , a number far greater than the 300 million population of the U.S.
Since the number is so much greater than the population , it 's not surprising that many Americans are uniquely defined by their birth date , zip code and gender .
Think of 2.3 billion baskets , each with a different set of these three numbers printed on the side .
Further imagine that each of the 300 million Americans is placed in the appropriate basket .
Surely many Americans will find themselves alone in their very own basket and thus uniquely identified .
Of course , this is a great simplification .
Birth dates are not evenly distributed throughout the last 75 years , some zip codes contain a lot of people , others not many .
Some contain a disproportionate share of young people , others of old people , and so on .
Even if the age rather than the birth date were revealed , many Americans still would be uniquely identified .
Still , one can check empirically using census data or make a priori probability arguments to conclude that a substantial majority of Americans would be uniquely identified by the proposed contest .
Prediction and Privacy
The point is that it 's very difficult to release any information about a person or group that wo n't , to a sufficiently curious and diligent researcher or advertiser , sometimes reveal private aspects of that person .
Bits of information are rarely orphans and are becoming increasingly linked in unpredictable ways .
Consider the intricate interconnections of Twitter World or the Hall of Mirrors that is Facebook .
Even a couple 's unusual pair of names ( say Waldo and Gertrude ) might be enough for a savvy sleuth to uncover all sorts of information about them .
Recommending Books and Movies Is Risky Business
Of course , the difficulty of preserving our privacy is n't an argument for not taking reasonable precautions to do so .
Unlike the first contest , the second one , should Netflix go through with it as it's rumored to be structured , would seem to be an intentional violation of privacy .
In any case , the issue of coming up with better predictions of what customers would like is a general one .
Although Amazon has not outsourced its algorithms , for example , it is naturally very interested in suggesting books a particular reader would like based on his or her past choices .
This brings me to an anecdote about a bookstore I visited years ago .
I asked the clerk if he knew where Wittgenstein 's Tractatus might be located , and he pointed me to the automotive section where , sure enough , there it was .
The problem was that Wittgenstein 's book is a seminal book in 20th century philosophy .
Conclusions : Recommending books and movies is a risky business , knowing what books or movies a person likes is often quite revealing , and safeguarding people 's privacy will become increasingly difficult , even with the best of intentions .
John Allen Paulos , a professor of mathematics at Temple University in Philadelphia , is the author of the best - sellers , " Innumeracy " and " A Mathematician Reads the Newspaper , " as well as ( just out in paperback ) " Irreligion : A Mathematician Explains Why the Arguments for God Just Don't Add Up . "
His " Who 's Counting ? " column on ABCNews.com appears the first weekend of every month .
Treat your flock to something special while getting a little something for you , too .
Enter weekly to win , and every week you enter , you will also get an extra entry toward the grand prize week !
Read More
( CNN ) -- Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson will step down for six weeks in favor of a party colleague following a sex scandal involving his wife and amid allegations of irregular financial dealings .
Robinson has asked Democratic Unionist Party colleague Arlene Foster to carry out the functions of the first minister in his absence , he said in a statement .
Iris Robinson , also a top politician in the semi-autonomous British - run province , last week admitted having an affair with a 19 - year - old and securing £ 50,000 ( $ 80,000 ) from two businessmen to help him set up a cafe .
The 60 year old , who last week admitted attempting suicide and suffering severe depression , is receiving acute psychiatric treatment in Belfast , Peter Robinson said .
" As a father and a husband , I need to devote time to deal with family matters , " he said .
Robinson also denied any knowledge of his wife 's financial dealings and vowed to clear his name , saying he had called for a Parliamentary and Assembly inquiry into the matter .
" I continue to contend I have acted ethically and it is particularly painful at this time of great personal trauma that I have to defend myself from an unfounded and mischievous allegation , " he said .
Addressing the Northern Ireland Assembly on Monday , enterprise minister Foster said she had discussed working arrangements with the offices of the first minister and the deputy first minister , a post held by Martin McGuinness of the republican Sinn Fein party in accordance with Northern Ireland 's power - sharing agreement .
Robinson would be " seeking to clear his name in the days that lie ahead , " she added .
Senior unionist politicians have expressed doubts about Robinson 's prospects of political survival , with elections also due for parliament in London later this year .
If he falls , the post of first minister and deputy first minister , held by Martin McGuinness of the republican Sinn Fein party , would have to be filled .
McGuinness can end his partnership with Robinson or refuse to be renominated if the East Belfast lawmaker is toppled .
The scandal has been exposed amid a tense backdrop in Northern Ireland .
Republicans want more policing powers devolved from London to Belfast as their price for staying in government but the two main parties have failed to agree a deal on this .
In a statement issued Sunday , Sinn Fein President Gerry Adams said the Irish republican party was determined to see " beyond the current difficulties " and accused the DUP of failing to fulfil its political commitments .
" This is not about the Robinson 's private family matters , " Adams said .
" Sinn Fein respect their right to privacy .
It is about implementing outstanding political agreements that are essential to good government and public confidence . "
Writing in the Times newspaper on Monday , Irish political expert Paul Bew said : " The brutal fact is that we were heading for a dangerous political crisis in Northern Ireland even before the Robinson revelations .
" It is now very difficult indeed to see how it might be avoided , " added Bew , a member of Britain 's House of Lords .
" We could now face a very hard landing indeed . "
Robinson 's predecessor as First Minister said Sunday his position was becoming untenable .
David Trimble , who jointly won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1998 for his efforts to bring stability to Northern Ireland , predicted that Robinson would quit in the " next few days . "
Fears are also high of an upsurge in violence in Northern Ireland , where three decades of unrest known as The Troubles left at least 3,500 people dead but was largely ended by the 1998 Good Friday Agreement .
Last year , two British soldiers and a policeman were killed in attacks claimed by dissident republicans .
And last Friday a Roman Catholic police officer was wounded when a bomb exploded under his car .
Iris Robinson is a controversial figure in her own right .
In 2008 she caused a storm by suggesting that homosexuals should seek psychiatric counselling .
For the past month , I 've not been cycling to work .
I 've been getting in a warm , dry , cosy car instead .
I thought it would be a treat , a break from pedalling along wet and cold roads in some of the worst weather of the year – but how wrong I was .
The result of driving to work is I 'm grumpy and getting even more unfit by the day .
The reason I 'm not cycling is because I 'm house - sitting for friends and need a car to get back to take the dog out at lunchtime .
In the morning , I 've been moving sloth - like from the cocoon of my duvet to the snug warmth of the car .
I then sit and drive just under five miles to work , only moving to change gear – I do not break into a sweat and my heart only races through stress , not exertion .
When I arrive at work , I park close to the front door , so if I 'm lucky I take maybe two or three gulps of fresh air and I 'm inside .
It 's no way to start the day .
I 'm not alone in finding it difficult to get started without my dose of fresh air and exercise before work : most teachers will tell you that children who walk or cycle to school are more alert and ready to learn than those who arrive by car .
Research completed more than 10 years ago also shows that children who exercise have better concentration and are less disruptive , so maybe this explains why I 'm feeling so sluggish not cycling .
Cycling to work has other benefits too : according to a study in the Netherlands , employees who regularly cycle to work take on average one day less sick leave every year compared with those who do not cycle to work .
Add to that the fact that regular cyclists typically enjoy a level of fitness equivalent to someone 10 years younger .
What 's more , cycling to work decreases the risk of dying by approximately 40 % , plus all the other health benefits : the reduced risk of developing diseases such as diabetes , high blood pressure , colon and breast cancer .
Looking at those stats , driving to work must be a death wish .
Logically , driving is the easy option : it should be the stress - free , easy way to get to work , but let me tell you it is not .
Just a few days into my month of driving , I begin to get more and more annoyed by the traffic jams and school run mums and dads clogging the roads .
As the cyclists sail past my window while I 'm stuck in a queue , I envy them and can see why drivers on my route get annoyed with me when I 'm on my bike – it's not just because I get in the way , it 's also because I 'm always moving and making progress .
I also thought that by driving , I might get a bit of a lie - in , but that 's not happened yet , as I have to have a little flexibility in my journey time just in case there is yet another jam .
This means I leave at exactly the same time as when I cycle , so I 'm not saving any time and , on top of it all , I 'm paying for the privilege by burning expensive petrol .
Before you start thinking I 'm an exercise nut , let me set the record straight : I 'm not the kind of girl who cycles 40 miles in a headwind dressed head to toe in Lycra just for fun .
You see , the truth is I do n't really like exercise – my default mode is to avoid it if I can .
This month , without cycling , I 've done no real exercise : I feel guilty then try to go to the gym , but riding a stationary bike feels pointless , as there is no incentive for me to climb an imaginary hill .
The result is I slack off and take it easier than I would if I was on a real road ; and going to the gym costs me two things I can't afford : time and money .
I 'll be back on my bike tomorrow , because my friends are back from their holiday .
Not cycling has made me realise I ride because it 's easier , cheaper and I get a bit of exercise without having to make a big effort .
Cycling puts me in a good mood , so I 'm better equipped to face a day at work .
I do n't drink coffee , but usually I do n't need to – it's the wind in my hair and , especially at this time of year , the rain and sleet on my face that really wake me up .
• Victoria Hazael works at the CTC , a national organisation representing cyclists in the UK
Fox News ' anchors seemed eager to assure viewers today that the plane - crash attack on IRS offices in Austin this morning was not an act of domestic terrorism .
Oh really ?
Now , it 's true that Homeland Security officials originally released this statement :
“ We believe there ’s no nexus with criminal or terrorist activity ”
They later amended this to just say " terrorist activity . "
Fox 's Catherine Herridge also reported that Homeland Security officials had briefed President Obama on the incident , and that he had been told " this was not an act of terrorism . "
So how did Fox 's anchors interpret all this ?
Greg Jarrett :
And the president was told this was not an act of terrorism .
We have not received word , though , as to whether the F - 16s are still airborne , just in case , until the Department of Homeland Security and the military is absolutely satisfied that this is the act of a single individual who used a dangerous instrumentality , to be sure , a plane , as a weapon .
And it is akin , I suppose , Megan , to , you know , somebody who gets angry at a workplace , and takes a gun , or a knife , and goes in and begins to attack people .
This is unusual because instead of a gun or an automobile , it was indeed an airplane .
But it has happened before .
Megyn Kelly :
Our Homeland Security contacts telling us , this does not appear to be terrorism in any way that that word is conventionally understood .
We understand from officials that this is a sole , isolated act .
Well , this is true only if the conventional understanding of the word " terrorism " has now been narrowed down to mean only international terrorism and to preclude domestic terrorism altogether .
Since when , after all , is attempting to blow up a federal office as a protest against federal policies NOT an act of domestic terrorism ?
You know , Timothy McVeigh used a " dangerous instrument " to kill 168 people in Oklahoma City .
He too was angry at the federal government , and was converted to the belief that acts of violence was the only means possible to prevent the government from overwhelming our freedom and replacing it with tyranny .
He also believed that his act of exemplary violence would inspire others to take up similar acts to stave off the threat of tyranny .
And that 's exactly what Joseph Andrew Stack believed too :
I know I ’m hardly the first one to decide I have had all I can stand .
... I can only hope that the numbers quickly get too big to be white washed and ignored that the American zombies wake up and revolt ; it will take nothing less .
I would only hope that by striking a nerve that stimulates the inevitable double standard , knee - jerk government reaction that results in more stupid draconian restrictions people wake up and begin to see the pompous political thugs and their mindless minions for what they are .
Sadly , though I spent my entire life trying to believe it was n’t so , but violence not only is the answer , it is the only answer .
Now , some of Fox 's misunderstanding may be the result of sources at Homeland Security who are being careless with how they define terrorism .
Because clearly , this was not an act of international terrorism , nor a product of a larger terrorist conspiracy ( thus the reference to the nexus .
Herridge moved toward making this distinction , but was never clear in her report :
Kelly : I take it that they mean terrorism in the larger sense that most of us are used to ?
Herridge :
They mean terrorism in that capital T way .
If it does turn out to be an intentional act , that could be something entirely separate .
This too is nonsense :
There are different kinds terrorism , to be certain .
There 's international terrorism .
Then there 's domestic terrorism , sometimes conducted by a larger conspiracy , and sometimes conducted by small cells like McVeigh and Terry Nichols , and lone wolves like Eric Rudolph , Scott Roeder and James Von Brunn .
All of these acts fit the FBI 's twin definition of terrorism :
Domestic terrorism refers to activities that involve acts dangerous to human life that are a violation of the criminal laws of the United States or of any state ; appear to be intended to intimidate or coerce a civilian population ; to influence the policy of a government by mass destruction , assassination , or kidnapping ; and occur primarily within the territorial jurisdiction of the United States .
[ 18 U.S.C. § 2331(5 ) ]
International terrorism involves violent acts or acts dangerous to human life that are a violation of the criminal laws of the United States or any state , or that would be a criminal violation if committed within the jurisdiction of the United States or any state .
These acts appear to be intended to intimidate or coerce a civilian population ; influence the policy of a government by intimidation or coercion ; or affect the conduct of a government by mass destruction , assassination or kidnapping and occur primarily outside the territorial jurisdiction of the United States or transcend national boundaries in terms of the means by which they are accomplished , the persons they appear intended to intimidate or coerce , or the locale in which their perpetrators operate or seek asylum .
Joseph Andrew Stack 's act this morning fits that definition too .
Brian Stelter at the NYT notes that all the networks are treading around the word gingerly .
Fox , meanwhile , is running hard and fast with the claim that it was n't terrorism at all .
Which is funny , for a network that made a big deal about the Obama administration 's supposed softness on terrorism .
More than four years after the last Exaile 3.4.5 release , we ’re happy to announce that Exaile 4.0.0 “ Perfect is the enemy of good ” has been released !
About the codename
It has been a really long time since the previous release , and if we ’re honest a 4.0 release should have happened a long time ago .
Exaile continues to be a mature , stable audio player , and continues to do the things we want it to do , well .
Thank you to our longtime users who have continued to report bugs and make fixes , and to everyone who contributed and made this release possible .
We ’re really excited about a new capability to automatically build releases without developer intervention , and we expect that future releases will be much more frequent as Exaile development occurs .
About the release
Visually , longtime users will recognize Exaile 4.0.0 as the latest iteration of Exaile , as it will feel very similar to previous releases .
However , internally 4.0.0 is a significant change from 3.4.5 !
The biggest change in Exaile 4 is that it uses GTK + 3 and GStreamer 1 .
Existing users are strongly recommended to upgrade because GStreamer 0.10 , used in earlier versions , is unmaintained and may contain security issues .
There are far too many improvements and bugfixes to mention here .
Please refer to our 4.0.0 Release notes on Github for details .
Download the latest Exaile releases on Github .
There 's been chatter among the Tea Party classes the past few weeks about the possibility of a Sarah Palin - Glenn Beck presidential ticket -- even though Beck himself has laughed it off .
But the notion popped onto the airwaves the other morning on Fox & Friends , when Gretchen Carlson gushed , along with Steve Doocy and Brian Kilmeade , about Palin 's appearance on Beck 's show the day before :
Doocy :
One other thing I think we should point out , they did challenge Saturday Night Live to put them on as guest hosts -- together .
Kilmeade :
They should take that up .
Carlson : Some people are saying they might be on the ticket together , down the road .
Maybe Saturday Night Live will be the first stop .
I 'm trying to decide if these people 's fantasies would be a dream come true , or our worst nightmare .
Yesterday I snapped and declared my intent to resign from Gentoo together with stopping the tinderbox and leaving the use of Gentoo either .
Why did that happen ?
Well , it ’s a huge mix of problems , all joined together by one common factor : no matter how much work I pour into getting Gentoo working like it should be , more problems are generated by sloppy work from at least one or two developers .
I ’m not referring about the misunderstandings about QA rules , which happens and are naturally caused by the fact we ’re humans and not being of pure logic ( luckily !
how boring it would be otherwise , to always behave in the most logical way ! ) .
Those can upset me but they are still after all no big deals .
What I ’m referring to is the situation where one or two developers can screw up the whole tree without anybody being ( reasonably ) able to do a thing about it .
We ’ve had to two ( different ) examples in the past few months , and while both have undeniably bothered QA , users , and developers alike , no action has been taken in any of these cases .
We thus have developer A , who decided that it ’s a good idea to force all users to have Python 3 installed on their systems , because upstream released it ( even when upstream consider it still experimental , something to toy with ) , and who kept on ignoring calls for dropping that from both users and developers ( luckily , the arch teams are not mindless drones , and would n’t let this slide to stable as he intended in the first place ) .
The same developer also has n’t been able to properly address one slight problem with the new wrapper after months from the unleashing of that to the unstable users ( unstable does not mean unusable ) .
Then we have developer B who feels like the tree ’s saviour , the only person who can make Gentoo bleeding edge again … while most of if not all of the rest the developer pool is working on getting Gentoo more stable and more maintainable .
So , among the things he went on doing , there was a poorly - performed Samba bump ( suboptimal was the term he used — I ended up having to fix the init scripts myself because they were n’t stopping / restarting properly , as the ebuild and the init scripts went out of sync regarding paths ) , some strangely incomplete PostgreSQL changes , and a number of minor problems with the packages .
Of the two , I was first upset most by the former , but on the long run , the latter is the one who drove me mad .
Let ’s not dig too much on the stance about -- as - needed ( cosmetics — yeah because being able to return from a jpeg bump with less than 100 packages , rather than the whole world , is just cosmetics ) , and the fact that he ’s ignored most of the QA issues with the packages he touched .
Instead look at the behaviour with a package of mine ( alas , I made the mistake of let this one slip with just a warning , I should have taken the chance to actually defer it to devrel… ) : vbindiff .
The package is something I added a while ago because from time to time it comes out useful .
I ’m in metadata.xml ; I ’m definitely not an unresponsive maintainer .
Yet , while my last bump was on June 2008 , the version in tree was not the latest one up to last September ( 2009 ) .
Why ?
A quick glance at the homepage shows that the beta4 release was mostly fixing a Win32 bug , and introducing a way to enable debug - mode .
So what happens ?
Our mighty developer decides to go on and bump the package ; without asking me ; with nobody asking him ; without a mail , a nod or anything .
I literally notice this as emerge tries to upgrade a package I know I maintain .
You ’d expect for the debug support to be present in the ebuild then , and you ’d find a debug USE flag if you checked now indeed , but that ’s something I added myself afterwards , as the damage of pointlessly bumping something was already done .
Now , why did that happen ?
Well , he admitted he just went through the dev-* categories , without considering maintainers declared in metadata , and blindly bumped ebuilds when the latest version available on the site was higher than the one in tree .
Case in point he had to open the vbindiff site and thus the release notes regarding Win32 and -- enable - debug would have been clearly visible , if he cared to even read part of them .
Whoever tried doing serious ebuild business should know that most of the time even the upstream - provided release notes are not something to go on by …
Interestingly enough , his bleeding - edge hunger did n’t make him ask for a new stable , and we currently have a very old one .
So there we have your developer B , the super - hero , the last good hope of the bleeding edge , who bumps packages without consulting the guy who maintain them ( and is around almost 24 ⁄ 7 ) and without even caring to use them at all .
Why did I let it slip ?
Because I was most focused on trying to stop developer A at the time is probably the right answer .
I did issue a reprimand reminding him to not touch someone else ’s packages , and to learn using package .
mask for things like Samba .
I was hoping he would listen .
Oh boy , was I ever so wrong .
Speaking a second again about Samba , did I tell you yet that the split into multiple packages was done , straight to ~arch , without any plan to follow - up to convert dependencies ?
Wonder why the whole thing is now stalemated again .
Maybe the arch teams do n’t see it all too well to have the same kind of dependency breakage in stable as there was / is on unstable right now .
First - hand information about our developer B wants him to be inlined with a zealot point of view regarding the Mono project — you ’d then guess that dotnet stuff would be the last thing he’d be touching , but instead , without any questioning , ignoring the fact I stated at FOSDEM that I was going to look into that as soon as I had time , the fact that I stated before multiple times that I was already working on un-splitting the gtk - sharp packages , and the fact that I took contact with the Mono developers ( again at FOSDEM ) to try following upstream more closely .
Oh and the one thing that pissed me off about that bump ?
Beside the fact that tomboy now refuses to work ?
Remember this patch ?
It was dropped ; without even mailing me if I had or could make a version for the latest version .
It was dropped in unstable ( or , how it should be called if this kind of stuff is allowed to continue , unusable ) .
And the cherry on top ?
As I said , this developer touched Samba , PostgreSQL , now Mono … there are three aliases for these things ( samba , pgsql - bugs and dotnet ) , who the bugs are assigned to … he ’s on none of them !
And before somebody tries to argue that , I ’m pretty confident he ’s not following the aliases on the Bugzilla ( plus , given he also argued that the problem was with leaving security - vulnerable stuff in the tree – which by the way means having working , complete , safe ebuilds to be able to mark stable , and he does n’t seem to be able to come up with any of those – the most important security bugs do n’t get sent to watchers ) .
How does he suppose to see the bugs coming ?
Oh but by wrangling the bug himself !
Yeah , after all developers do n’t file bugs themselves assigning them straight to the maintainers by procedure , do they ?
( fun fact : Bugzilla queries report at most 5 K bugs , so that list is a very much limited result from what I was hoping to get ) ; nor do other developers ever wrangle it would be silly , and there is no Arch Tester to speak of , right ?
You can now see most of the pictures , and why I ’m mostly upset with developer B .
What made me snap yesterday were remarks that insisted that I was just “ whining ” and “ not doing enough ” as bugs kept piling up .
What the heck ?
I constantly had over 1000 bugs ( over 1300 today ) for the past year or so , I know very well that bugs keep piling up !
And I ’ve been doing all I can do outside of my work hours ( while I have to thank some people , including Paul , David , Simon , Andrew and Bela for their contributions , I ’m not paid to do Gentoo work ; and while I do get to use it , and thus contribute back to , for some of the jobs I take , it ’s definitely not the same as working on Gentoo ) , including the whole RubyNG porting and improvement trying to make sure we can actually get to a point where unmasking Ruby 1.9 will not break any user whatsoever .
Am I really doing too little ?
” Not enough ” ?
Okay so the proper way to handle this , with the current procedures , would be to take this up to the Developers ’
Relations so that they could act on it ; QA can only ask infra to restrict commit access if we ’re expecting a grave and dangerous breaking of the tree , or misuse of commit rights .
So why did n’t I bring this up to devrel ?
Well , the main reason is that devrel nowadays , as far as I can tell , is exactly three people : Petteri , Denis and Jorge , and of the three the only one who ’s for preventive suspension of commit rights is Denis ( this has been proven with the case about developer A above ) ; one out of three does not really sound much of a chance for this to improve the situation .
And if – again as happened with developer A – DevRel then decided that the right action would be to issue a reprimand , that would amount to scolding the developer and asking to work more with others … well , it would n’t change a thing .
The whole QA system has to change !
We ’ve got to write down guidelines , rules , and laws , and be conservative in applying them .
You should n’t go around breaching them and then appealing when QA finds you out of line , you should talk with QA if you feel the rule is misapplied to your case in any way .
So here you go , in a nutshell , why my preservation instinct right now is telling me to flee .
I ’m not sure yet if I ’ll outright flee or just give it time for the situation is addressed and then decide .
The reason is : I still like the Gentoo system , and since I rely on it for my work I cannot leave it alone ; if I were to move to anything else I would have to spend ( waste ? ) even more time to fix the same issues anyway , and I ’d much rather get Gentoo working right .
But I can not do this alone , I cannot do this especially if I have support neither from developers nor users .
So please voice your concern .
If you feel like Gentoo needs the better QA , if you feel like we should n’t be translating unstable to unusable , then please ask for it .
I ’m not saying that we should become stale like Debian stable , but if it takes a few months to get something straight , then it should take its time and not be forced through ( that ’s what the Ruby team has been doing all this time to work with Ruby 1.9 and Ruby EE and other implementations as well ! ) .
If you use Twitter , identi.ca , Digg , Reddit , Slashdot , whatever , get this post running .
Maybe I ’m subverting the process , but to quote BBC ’s NewsQuiz , “ Trial by media is the most efficient form of justice ” ( this was in reference to the British MP expenses scandal last year ) , and right now my only concern is effectiveness .
A new survey of grey nurse sharks shows the species is still in severe danger of becoming extinct .
The study , commissioned by the Federal Government , found just over 1,000 of the sharks along the east coast of Australia .
That figure is significantly lower than the 5,000 needed to sustain the population .
Accidental hooking is one of the main threats to the survival of the species .
Nicky Hammond , the marine program manager for the National Parks Association of New South Wales , says the State Government must act now to protect key habitat sites .
" Here we 've got a critically endangered species , we know what the key threat to their survival is , we know where they spend the majority of their time , " she said .
" It 's a relatively simple process to protect those sites from that key threat of fishing by creating marine sanctuaries and that way hopefully we can actually save this shark from going extinct .
" Time and time again they continue to ignore putting in place the proper protection of marine sanctuaries in these areas and provide tokenistic protection instead .
" We 're calling on the NSW Government , we 're saying enough is enough , that we need to now get these sanctuaries in place before the shark goes extinct . "
" The idea started a few years ago at a party .
I was bored and went for a walk , then I found a dead fly on the ground and I immediately came up with the idea , " he said .
" When I got home I put some flies in comic poses on white paper , then drew the legs and background with a pencil and photographed them "
Credit : MAGNUS MUHR .
SUPPLIED BY GEOFF ROBINSON
Gold Medal < Sex Bomb On Ice
Plushenko may have lost the gold ( GO USA ! ) but he will always be a winner with this ( by the end of the performance ) nearly nude masterpiece .
Or Bear Bryant's .
The Alabama ' D ' knocked Texas quarterback Colt McCoy out of the Citi BCS Championship Game early , then made a big play late to stop a Longhorns comeback in a 37 - 21 victory Thursday that brought glory back to the program Bear built .
" We back , " said Mark Ingram , the Heisman Trophy winner who ran for 116 yards and two scores .
Instead of Bear 's houndstooth hat , it 's Nick Saban in a polo shirt who walks the sidelines these days .
Nobody 's complaining .
In the short span of three years , Saban took a program that had drifted far from what it had been and brought it back to championship caliber .
This was Alabama 's first title since 1992 , its eighth since the advent of the polls in the 1930s and its seventh Associated Press championship .
The top - ranked Tide ( 14 - 0 ) won the AP title unanimously .
Saban picked up the trophy Friday morning , and someday soon , his likeness will go up next to those of Bryant , his protege , Gene Stallings , and the other coaching greats whose statues stand outside Bryant - Denny Stadium .
" I feel good that I 've been able to contribute something significant in this time , " Saban said Friday .
" I feel there 's a tremendous responsibility and obligation to having a high standard of excellence .
Because of that tradition , it makes me feel very good we 've been able to contribute to that in a positive way . "
Saban 's defense changed the tenor of the title game suddenly and startlingly when Marcell Dareus hit McCoy , injuring the quarterback 's shoulder and knocking him out on Texas ' fifth offensive play .
" I just heard a thump when I hit him , " Dareus said .
" I did lay it down pretty hard .
I did n't try to , but it felt great . "
McCoy said he lost feeling in his right shoulder but was n't in pain .
He asked to come back in , but coach Mack Brown did n't want to risk it -- a decision that will certainly be discussed for a while down in Austin .
" I would have given anything to be out there , because it would have been different , " McCoy said .
Not to be , though , and when Dareus picked off backup quarterback Garrett Gilbert 's shovel pass and returned it 28 yards for a score right before halftime , the Tide was rolling with a 24 - 6 lead that looked like it would get bigger .
But something funny happened .
Gilbert , the highly recruited freshman who had only thrown 26 college passes , grew up in a hurry .
He led the No. 2 Longhorns ( 13 - 1 ) on touchdown drives of 59 and 65 yards , capping both with scoring passes to All - American Jordan Shipley .
The Alabama lead was only 24 - 21 with 6:15 left and all the momentum was in Texas ' favor .
" It 's a hard learning curve but he learned fast , " Brown said .
" At one point , I thought he was going to win the ball game . "
Texas got the ball back on its 7 - yard line with about 3 minutes left , still trailing by three .
Gilbert had a chance to complete the comeback and go down as one of the most out - of - nowhere success stories in college football history .
Instead , another unlikely star , Alabama linebacker Eryk Anders , got a blindside sack and stripped the ball .
Teammate Courtney Upshaw recovered .
Three plays later , Ingram scored from the 1 to give ' Bama some breathing room .
A few minutes after that , Trent Richardson scored to make a close game look more lopsided than it really was .
" We said , ' It 's on us , the defensive line , " said Alabama 's Terrence Cody , the 350 - pound All - American .
" We had to make plays to finish it off .
There was no doubt in our huddle .
We knew what we can do . "
The Alabama win brought a fourth consecutive title back to the Southeastern Conference .
Richardson ran for 109 yards and two touchdowns , and combined with Ingram 's effort , the Tide won despite a modest 6 - for - 11 passing night from Greg McElroy .
Talk about getting it done on the ground : Dating to Bryant 's last title , in 1979 , Alabama has thrown the ball a grand total of 32 times in its last three bowl games that led to national championships .
Ingram became the first running back to win the Heisman and the national title in the same season since Tony Dorsett in 1976 .
Ingram was Alabama 's first Heisman Trophy winner .
Before this year , the Tide used to point to all its championships and say winning those were better than winning Heismans ( Remember that , Auburn ? ) .
But Ingram showed it 's possible to have both .
" I was so happy to leave my heart out there for the team , and blood , sweat and tears , " Ingram said .
" We were out there running 110 sprints in 110 - degree heat .
We were like , ' Why are we doing this ? "
For a night like this , celebrated on the hallowed ground of the Rose Bowl -- not known as Alabama 's turf , but certainly part of its heritage .
It 's mentioned in the team 's fight song , harkening to trips the team made in the 1930s , a much different era when the Tide was a more regular visitor .
Bryant 's arrival in 1958 turned Alabama into a powerhouse .
He built it on his demanding , sometimes demeaning , work ethic that was accepted as part of the game back then and made him the quintessential college coach -- houndstooth hat on his head , cigarette dangling from his mouth .
Saban arrived a couple generations later , hoping to clean up after more than a decade of turmoil that included the three Mikes -- DuBose , Price and Shula -- trouble with the NCAA and problems at almost every turn .
The new coach told the fans they'd have to let go of the expectations of the past if they were going to enjoy the future .
They believed , and now they have a coach who has become the first to win BCS titles at two schools .
He adds this to the 2003 championship he won at LSU .
" It 's the whole work ethic , the mental thing , toughness , all the intangibles you 'd like to see in players so they can be the best they can be , " Saban said .
The Bear would certainly approve .
The Tide is rolling again .
A few years ago , Ashish Kothari thought he had found his life ’s calling as a doctor .
Raised and educated in Mumbai , the son of a doctor himself , Kothari graduated from medical school , became head resident at an Indian hospital and held valuable internships in Singapore and New York .
Back in Mumbai , he established a private practice and helped it grow to five doctors and 30 staff members in three years .
Then in 2009 , Kothari , an orthopedic surgeon , left his practice to study at MIT .
Not because he was tired of helping people , but because Kothari believed he could help more people as a medical entrepreneur working to lower the cost of care in India .
“ The difference between developed and developing economies is the way people are treated at every level of society , ” says Kothari , who is pursuing degrees at the MIT Sloan School of Management and the Harvard - MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology .
“ Not just at the top , but how people are treated at the middle and at the bottom , and I firmly believe a basic level of medical care is something everyone deserves . ”
As a result , Kothari is currently at Sloan formulating a two - part plan for making inexpensive medical tools and building low - cost clinics .
In 2009 - 2010 , Kothari is one of 16 fellows at MIT ’s Legatum Center for Development & Entrepreneurship , which promotes “ bottom - up ” global development through technology .
Two other Legatum fellows are trying to connect technology and medicine in India : Arjun Nair , who wants to create electronic medical records for India ’s poor , and Murali Govindaswamy , who aims to increase forms of data - sharing over rural Internet networks .
“ There is a large population in India that could benefit from medical innovations , ” says Iqbal Z. Quadir , the founder and director of the Legatum Center at MIT .
“ That ’s why it ’s important for all three of them to establish a sustainable presence there . ”
When a knee costs an arm and a leg
These projects aim to affect a society where medical care reflects class divisions .
At the high end , India has world - class doctors , clinics and technologies ; the country has seen a growth in “ medical tourism ” among patients who , for instance , travel to Bangalore , where a relatively pain - free type of heart bypass surgery was pioneered .
Yet with a population over one billion , hundreds of millions of Indians could use better , more affordable care .
At MIT , Kothari , Nair and Govindaswamy are all rethinking the relationship between technology and medicine .
In the United States , medical technology has often been associated with expensive new treatments .
But as the Legatum Center fellows see it , technology should lower health expenses for the masses by refining existing treatments .
“ There ’s this huge void between the high - quality medical care available in the top 5 or 10 percent , and what is available at a price most people can pay , ” Kothari says .
Consider Kothari ’s surgical expertise , joint replacement .
In India , an artificial knee costs $ 1,000 to $ 1,500 .
“ I think it ’s possible to get that down to $ 500 to $ 750 , ” Kothari says , through local manufacturing ( currently more than 90 percent of India ’s implant parts are imported ) and better engineering management .
Kothari has recruited a chief engineer for his prospective company and would like to make many types of devices — including diagnostic tools and sterilizing machines — while starting modestly and “ growing as the demand grows . ”
Indeed , the consulting firm Technopak Healthcare has projected that medical - sector spending in India will rise from $ 40 billion in 2008 to $ 323 billion in 2023 ( without adjusting for inflation ) , thanks partly to India ’s emerging middle classes .
Inexpensive device - making , Kothari thinks , naturally helps affordable treatment and low - cost clinics become realistic .
Records for the poor
Nair ’s project aims even lower on the socioeconomic scale :
He would like to help people who cannot read the label on their medicine .
“ The poorest of the poor are mostly uneducated , illiterate , do n’t have access to drugs and live in the rural areas , ” says Nair .
“ It ’s very hard for them to get educated about fundamental problems like tuberculosis or more chronic problems like diabetes . ”
The first step , Nair thinks , is to create electronic medical records for them : “ You need to keep track of how a patient progresses over time .
But that ’s an enormous task in India because there ’s no infrastructure for it . ”
Thus Nair wants to found a business to build a record - keeping infrastructure for rural health - care providers , ideally in his native state of Kerala , in southern India .
Govindaswamy , for his part , would like to develop data applications , to be used on the mobile devices sold by Nokia in India , that would let rural residents send and receive medical data .
“ If you break down the information barrier using mobile phones , that can help in areas like health , ” says Govindaswamy .
Being at MIT also helps the Legatum Center fellows connect with local entrepreneurs .
One model for Nair ’s project is suggested by Innovators in Health , a Cambridge - based firm that developed a “ smart pillbox , ” a mobile device that reminds tuberculosis patients to take their drugs .
“ It ’s extremely hard to monitor what ’s going on in the field , ” says Innovators in Health co-founder Manish Bhardwaj , PhD ’09 , whose company has roots in MIT ’s International Development Initiative .
Of Nair ’s idea , he says , “ Electronic medical records are the kind of thing that can help a good program to reduce costs . ”
Think global , start local
Innovators in Health currently participates in projects in Delhi and the Bihar region .
That kind of scale , Nair observes , is ideal .
“ If you start at the higher level , it ’s an enormously capital - intensive project , and it ’s not going to happen , ” says Nair bluntly .
“ So it has to be localized ; then you can build up . ”
Quadir , who founded Bangladesh ’s largest telephone company , Grameenphone , supports that philosophy .
“ That ’s the nature of bottom - up development : it builds on small , initial success , ” says Quadir .
“ Then other people can invest , and a project can become bigger .
That ’s why the Legatum Center encourages projects that can become commercially viable .
Through local innovation , if you deliver more efficiently , the opportunities are enormous . ”
Of course , the Legatum Center fellows face high hurdles before their ideas become viable enterprises .
Bhardwaj , for instance , recommends that health startups become partners with nongovernmental aid organizations in India — which financial backers almost always require .
“ A lot of people have narratives of technological transformation , ” says Bhardwaj .
“ But investors are looking for reliable partners on the ground .
You have to manage challenges from infrastructure to finding the right way of hiring and training workers .
If an organization has everything else functioning , then it ’s primed and ready for computerization . ”
Whatever obstacles they face , these Legatum Center fellows are all making the same trip from India to MIT and back , in order to help others .
“ Being a doctor is wonderful , but I wanted to try something different , ” concludes Kothari .
“ My father ’s practice always treated people independent of socioeconomic concerns .
You only need to be sick for two days to realize how much it affects you , so think about people who are unwell all the time .
I ’d like to do something for them . ”
Step One : Do n’t talk about race .
Do n’t point out skin color .
Be “ color blind . ”
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Step Two : Actually , that ’s it .
There is no Step Two .
Congratulations !
Your children are well on their way to believing that insert your ethnicity here is better than everybody else .
Surprised ?
So were authors Po Bronson and Ashley Merryman when they started researching the issue of kids and race for their book NurtureShock .
It turns out that a lot of our assumptions about raising our kids to appreciate diversity are entirely wrong :
It is tempting to believe that because their generation is so diverse , today ’s children grow up knowing how to get along with people of every race .
But numerous studies suggest that this is more of a fantasy than a fact .
Since it ’s Black History Month , I thought it would be a good time to talk about race , particularly some of the startling things I found in this particular chapter of NurtureShock .
What Bronson and Merryman discovered , through various studies , was that most white parents do n’t ever talk to their kids about race .
The attitude ( at least of those who think racism is wrong ) is generally that because we want our kids to be color - blind , we do n’t point out skin color .
We ’ll say things like “ everybody ’s equal ” but find it hard to be more specific than that .
If our kids point out somebody who looks different , we shush them and tell them it ’s rude to talk about it .
We think that simply putting our kids in a diverse environment will teach them that diversity is natural and good .
And what are they learning ?
Here are a few depressing facts :
Only 8 % of white American high - schoolers have a best friend of another race .
( For blacks , it ’s about 15 % . )
The more diverse a school is , the less likely it is that kids will form cross-race friendships .
75 % of white parents never or almost never talk about race with their kids .
A child ’s attitudes toward race are much harder to alter after third grade , but a lot of parents wait until then ( or later ) before they feel it ’s “ safe ” to talk frankly about race .
We ’re very comfortable now talking to our kids about gender stereotypes : we tell our kids that women can be doctors and lawyers .
Heck , Barbie can be a computer engineer !
What Bronson and Merryman point out is that we should say the same thing about race : doctors can be any skin color .
A ( half - ) black man can be President .
Black people can be very cool geeks .
So , in honor of Black History Month , talk to your kids about race .
Need some help ?
Parenting .com recently posted 5 Tips for Talking About Racism With Kids .
I would argue , though , that “ most important ” should be say something , because simply “ being a role model ” is apparently not having the effect we think it does .
Oh , and also ?
Make sure if you use that eggs analogy that your kids do n’t think you ’re encouraging them to crack people open .
Related links :
Top Ten African American Characters in Science Fiction
Buy NurtureShock : New Thinking About Childrenon Amazon
NurtureShocked and Awed by a Great Book
Photo credit : http://www.flickr.com/photos/ugardener/
/ CC BY -NC 2.0
SANA'A
It was every little girl ’s dream - she was to get a new dress , jewellery , sweets and a party for all her friends .
What 10 - year - old Aisha * did not know was that after the wedding party she would have to leave school , move to a village far from her parents ’ home , cook and clean all day , and have sex with her older husband .
“ He took out a special sheet and laid me down on it , ” Aisha told IRIN , wringing her small plump hands .
“ After it , I started bleeding .
It was so painful that I was crying and shouting , and since then I have seen him as death . ”
After a week of fighting off her husband every night , Aisha ’s father was called .
He had received 200,000 Yemeni Rial ( US $ 1,000 ) for his daughter in `shart ’ , a Yemeni dowry , which he could not pay back .
“ My Dad made a cup of tea and put some pills in it , which he gave me .
The pills made me feel dizzy , ” said Aisha .
“ My Dad told me to sleep with my husband , or he would kill me , but I refused . ”
Instead Aisha broke a glass bottle over her head in a desperate attempt to stay awake .
“ My Dad hit me badly .
I was bleeding from my mouth and nose , ” she said .
After spending a few months in her husband ’s home , where she said he would regularly drug her and beat her , Aisha managed to escape .
Now , two years later , aged 12 , she is unable to divorce him .
Shada Mohammed Nasser , a lawyer at the High Court in Sanaa , talking to the parents of a child bride outside court Annasofie Flamand / IRIN Shada Mohammed Nasser , a lawyer at the High Court in Sanaa , talking to the parents of a child bride outside court
No child protection
A bill passed in parliament in February 2009 setting the minimum age for marriage at 17 was rejected by the Islamic Sharia Codification Committee which said it was un-Islamic , according to local women ’s rights organizations .
So , for now , there is no law protecting children against early marriages in Yemen .
” I do n’t call it marriage , but rape , ” said Shada Mohammed Nasser , a lawyer at the High Court in Sanaa .
She has represented several child bride divorce cases in court , but admits she has lost most of them .
Only a handful of child brides have successfully managed to divorce their husbands .
Listen to an interview with lawyer Shada Mohammed Nasser
“ The law on marriage stipulates that a girl should not sleep with her husband until she is mature , ” said Nasser , which according to the law is the age of 15 .
“ But the law is not enforced . ”
A girl can be married at just nine , but cannot legally seek a divorce until she is 15 or older .
The money paid by the husband for his “ wife ” is a further obstacle to divorce , while the case can only be heard in a court in the governorate where the marriage took place .
“ Usually the marriage will have been signed in the husband ’s governorate and the judges may look more favourably on their own kinsmen , ” said Nasser .
“ Many judges are governed by arcane views on women . ”
Just under half of Yemeni girls , 48 percent , are married before they turn 18 , according to the Washington DC - based International Centre for Research on Women ( ICRW ) .
This is classified as underage , according to the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child .
In some governorates as many as half of all girls under the age of 15 are married , according to an unpublished study from 2007 on early marriage by Sanaa University ’s Gender Development Research and Study Centre .
Yemen has signed the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women ( CEDAW ) .
201002171324320339.jpg Annasofie Flamand / IRIN
Former child bride Nojood made head lines worldwide when at the age of nine she was granted a divorce .
Today she lives with her father ( left ) and rest of her family
A glimmer of hope ?
" The greatest problem facing Yemeni women today is child marriages , " said Wafa Ahmad Ali from the Yemeni Women ’s Union , which has long campaigned for a raise in the minimum age of marriage .
" These early marriages rob the girl of the right to a normal childhood and education .
The girls are forced to have children before their bodies are fully grown instead of going to school and playing with other children , " she said .
However , Minister for Human Rights Huda al - Ban told IRIN that President Saleh had recently agreed to put forward - for discussion in parliament in May - the bill with 17 as the minimum marrying age .
“ If the bill is successful it could be passed as a law in September , ” she said .
While politicians wrangle in parliament , young girls like Aisha are caught up in a violent world of adults which they are too young to understand , let alone escape .
” These are our traditions , ” said Aisha ’s father .
However , he admits that Aisha might have been too young for marriage .
Though she now has a lawyer , Aisha cannot divorce until the two men who control her ( her father and husband ) agree on how much money each will receive .
What Aisha wants is clear : “ I ’d rather die than go back to him , ” she said , wiping a tear from behind her veil .
( * not her real name )
asf / hm/ed/cb
Staar jij ook al sinds begin maart naar je smartphone in ongeloof wat er gaande is ?
High - five , wij ook !
Maar dat helpt ons niet bepaald met een gelukkiger persoon worden ...
We ...
DUE TO THE SHERIFF DEPT .'S
MALICIOUS TACTICS
SCOTT CONOVER WAS FORCED TO CLOSE DOWN
By : Kevin O'Donnell
Speaking to Mr.Conover recently , he stated the intimidation , harassment , and arrests were just too much for him to deal with at the time ; along with the corrupt cops and rouge attorneys in the county .
They continuously put his family 's life in danger , as well as his own .
He has since relocated his family , losing out on his investment along the way .
Conover stated that he lost several hundred thousand dollars , which he had invested in the resort located in Trade , TN .
He said enough was enough , after he received information from Mark Combs , who owned a computer company in Mountain City , TN , about his neighbor William Douglas Benore of Trade , TN .
Combs told Conover that Benore was into child pornography .
Soon after learning this information , Conover discovered that Benore was stalking his wife and children .
Conover immediately got a restraining order to protect his family against William Douglas Benore of Trade , TN , who has a landscaping business called Men -N - Trees in Trade , TN .
This turned out to be absolutely worthless , as the sheriff 's department would n't even enforce it .
Then , the freak / stalker hires the Johnson County Attorney 's firm on record , Smith and Cockett , to represent him .
The same firm who is employed by and represents Johnson county on a daily basis .
Imagine that .
You get a restraining order from the Johnson County Courthouse to keep a freak / stalker away from your family , and the freak / stalker can hire Bill Cockett , who is employed by the county and is on their payroll , to protect him , from the same restraining order that they issued you .
Bill Cockett , the county attorney , is from of the bottom of the barrel - he 's the worst of the worst .
This is an attorney with absolutely no ethics , scruples , or morals , and who is motivated by money only .
Conover stated th at his goal was to expose these corrupt cops , attorneys , and the handful of public officials - who think they are above the law and are able to abuse it as they see fit , using the sheriff 's department for their own monetary gain daily .
NEWPORT BEACH , Calif . 
Three years ago , Boise State was a fascination , a fad , the ultimate water - cooler fantasy team .
Falling for the Broncos was easy after all their razzle - dazzle in the 2007 Fiesta Bowl against Oklahoma .
When a team employs the Statue of Liberty play , the hook - and - ladder and a postgame marriage proposal in the process of defeating a national powerhouse , you know you 've seen something unusual .
But gaining respect as a national power themselves was another matter .
The Broncos do n't play in one of the six major BCS conferences .
They were a junior college as recently as the mid-1960s .
They play on blue turf .
Making a name for themselves among the big boys , truly belonging in the world of the broad - shouldered behemoths of the game , would take a bit longer .
Like three years .
The players who are gathered here for Thursday 's BCS championship game , the Texas Longhorns and Alabama Crimson Tide , had evening bowl activities Monday that did n't allow them to watch much of Boise State 's 17 - 10 victory against TCU in the 2010 Fiesta Bowl .
Nonetheless , by Tuesday morning , they knew exactly what had happened and were totally up to date about what it might eventually mean to college football 's world order .
" Boise State is a great team , they have great players , and they have done a really good job , being undefeated ( three of the last four regular seasons ) , " said Texas defensive tackle Lamarr Houston , who saw highlights of the game after returning to his hotel room .
" I have a lot of respect for those guys .
They have made themselves very visible . "
" I caught some of the game , " said Heisman Trophy winner Mark Ingram of Alabama .
" I completely respect those guys .
They had a great season .
They deserve everything they got . "
If anyone had asked Ingram 's and Houston 's BCS predecessors how much respect they had for Boise State as recently as five years ago , it would have been perfectly reasonable for them to reply with a furrowed brow and say something along the lines of , " Who ? " " Their rise has been spectacular , " said Alabama offensive coordinator Jim McElwain , who faced Boise State in the Big Sky Conference in the late 1980s and early 1990s as an assistant at Eastern Washington .
" I hope they enjoy the moment and are grateful for what they 've got , which is a lot .
There are great programs around the country , and it does n't matter what level they are at .
Having played against them , I know they 're good .
Problem is , those guys out West sometimes get lost in the media shuffle . "
That should n't happen next season .
After finishing 14 - 0 this season , Boise State returns 21 of 22 starters and 42 of the top 44 players on the depth chart .
" They won their games week in and week out , " said Alabama offensive lineman Mike Johnson .
" They beat eventual Pac - 10 champion Oregon and got to become an upper - echelon team .
They absolutely have my respect . "
That does n't mean they have anyone 's vote for No. 1 , though , at least not among this collection of players and coaches during this week of all weeks .
The No. 1 and 2 spots in the country are largely spoken for here .
But Boise State would receive a lot of support for No. 3 . " It is extremely hard , no matter who you play , to win 13 games in a year and to go undefeated , " said Texas quarterback Colt McCoy .
" Boise , what are they , 14 - 0 now ?
That is very hard to do .
All the respect in the world to them , and to TCU , for making it there , too .
As a quarterback and a guy who 's played for four years , I understand the challenges that you face week in and week out .
You 're going to get everybody 's best shot , and it 's tough to do . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Only hours after it emerged that Dubai did not receive half of its $ 10 billion bailout , new numbers suggest that the Emirate is actually in $ 170 billion of debt not $ 80 billion like it said .
A report issued by the Gulf investment bank EFG - Hermes states , " The total debt held by Dubai Inc could well be in the range of $ 130 - 170 billion , " Dubai Inc being the state and its owned entities .
This could spell further trouble for the Emirate in credit markets as its sovereign debt has been under pressure since the Dubai World funding crisis began on November 26th .
They live invisibly among us , 41,000 in the Washington area , half a million in the United States .
They are survivors of horrific political torture .
Unless they open their shirts , you detect few visible scars .
“ The mark of torture is more inside than out , ” says “ Elena , ” a woman from Gabon who uses a wheelchair .
( Because everyone interviewed has living relatives in their native lands , all names have been changed at their request . )
Americans with no experience deceive themselves about torture .
A friend told me that when the US tortured people it was somehow more humane .
But talk to torture victims at the annual gathering of the Torture Abolition and Survivors Support Coalition ( TASSC ) and they tell you that torture , whatever its guise , is always immoral .
In the early 1980s , Miguel was held prisoner for four years by the Marcos regime in the Philippines .
“ Torture is always wrong , ” he says .
“ It uses terrorism to try to destroy terrorism .
The torturer becomes the terrorist .
You think you establish order by breaking the law . ”
Torture breaks people as well as the law .
Yvette from Cameroon speaks slowly , vacantly , and without focus .
One of the TASSC directors acknowledged that “ her mind has yet to heal . ”
Yvette was tortured for belonging to a human rights defense group in Cameroon .
Police were seeking information on political dissidents .
“ I was beaten continuously , ” she says .
“ They slapped my face and head for three days .
I do n’t know how long I was unconscious . ”
When Yvette regained consciousness , she was unable to walk for a week , her legs having been beaten with police batons .
“ I think the pain will never stop , ” she says .
“ I still shake when I hear police sirens . ”
“ Even in Washington , D.C. ? ” I ask .
“ Yes .
I feel like they ’re after me again . ”
Perpetrators of torture share a common rationale : national security .
“ They tell you torture keeps your families safe and secure , ” says Miguel .
What about the Israeli argument – that torture can thwart a suicide bomber , or the American version : “ What if Islamic terrorists planted a suitcase - sized nuclear bomb in New York City ? ”
I put that question to torture survivors .
One asked , “ Why torture anyone ?
Would n’t you be better off finding an imam ... to sit with the prisoner and let him persuade a suspect it ’s morally wrong to take innocent lives ? ”
Of the dozen survivors I interviewed , people from Asia , Africa , and the Middle East , each said torture does n’t work .
In 2008 , Mary from Uganda was beaten , gang raped , and terrorized in prison .
Her crime ?
Being a member of the opposition party .
“ When they torture you , two things happen , ” she says .
“ First they make you crazy .
Next , you believe you ’re going to die , so there ’s no point in confessing . ”
Given the harshness of the interrogation techniques his administration authorized , former President George W. Bush was disingenuous when he insisted in 2006 that the US does n’t torture .
He should first have consulted his father , a former CIA director , about the effectiveness of torturing an enemy .
An Ethiopian named Thomas spoke to that .
“ Instead of breaking you , it [ torture ] hardens you , ” he says .
Security forces threatened to shoot him , saying , “ We ’re just going to kill you .
No one can save you .
We ’ll say we shot you trying to escape . ”
“ You think you are losing your mind , ” he recalls .
But , the former nongovernmental organization worker adds proudly , “ I never revealed anything . ”
It was the same with Miguel .
Drunken soldiers walked him to a beach , pointing guns at him and asking , “ You want us to bury you here six feet deep or out there 10 feet under water ? ”
He collapsed in a faint .
The waterboarding technique used by American interrogators this past decade is little different :
It ’s an implicit threat to kill suspects through drowning – Russian roulette played with a wet towel .
To see for yourself , watch journalist Christopher Hitchens ( voluntarily ) get waterboarded on YouTube .
Last year , President Obama banned waterboarding .
Fortunate torture survivors sometimes get asylum in the US .
By word of mouth , they learn of TASSC .
Officials Miguel and Daoud , both torture survivors , shepherd the newcomers , finding them psychiatric help and shelter .
In group counseling , perhaps the most difficult question they deal with is , “ Why did this happen to me ? ”
A 2006 survey showed that a third of the world supports some degree of torture to combat terrorism .
Yet we deceive ourselves pretending it does not also destroy our own decency and humanity .
Support for torture was highest in Israel , at 43 percent ; it was 36 percent in America .
The fallacy of torture is the notion that terrorizing others makes us more secure .
Walter Rodgers , a former senior international correspondent for CNN , writes a biweekly column for the Monitor 's print weekly edition .
---
Did this essay make you think ?
Join the conversation on Facebook !
Over a Decade of Innovation
A look into the varied research and development efforts at SolarNetOne .
A man known for wearing a rainbow - colored wig and waving religious placards during televised sports events was convicted Friday of taking a maid hostage and making terrorist threats during a standoff last September at an airport - area hotel .
Rollen Frederick Stewart , 48 , who testified that he held police at bay while the maid cowered in a bathtub because he needed to “ explain the love of God and how it plays out , ” faces a maximum sentence of life imprisonment .
“ I do n’t think there was anyone on the jury who did n’t feel sorry for him , ” juror Ernest Roberts said after the verdict .
“ But you ca n’t break the law because you feel strongly about your religion . ”
The Los Angeles Superior Court jury found Stewart guilty of six counts stemming from the incident at the Hyatt hotel near Los Angeles International Airport .
The jury acquitted him of charges that he set off two stink bombs in the downtown offices of The Times .
Advertisement
Deputy Dist .
Atty .
Sally Lipscomb said she will ask for the maximum penalty when Stewart is sentenced July 13 .
“ I would say it is appropriate , ” Lipscomb said in an interview after the verdict was read .
“ In my mind , this man is very dangerous . ”
Stewart , a former cattle rancher from Washington state , told an interviewer 10 years ago that , after a rural life that “ revolved around sex and drugs , ” he became a born - again Christian .
A frustrated actor , he soon found that he could grab the spotlight at major sporting events such as the summer Olympics , the Super Bowl , the World Series and the NBA playoffs by donning a rainbow - hued wig and hoisting placards with biblical messages .
Advertisement
Santa Ana Police Investigator Ferrell Buckles said this behavior took an ominous turn in April , 1991 , when Stewart allegedly set off remote - controlled smoke bombs as Jack Nicklaus was about to putt during the Masters Golf Tournament in Augusta , Ga. Stewart , nicknamed “ Rainbow Man ” was released when tournament officials declined to press charges .
A few weeks later , Stewart became a fugitive after he was accused in an arrest warrant of setting off stink bombs at the Crystal Cathedral and a Christian bookstore in Garden Grove , at the Trinity Broadcasting Network studios in Tustin and in the lobby of the Orange County Register newspaper building in Santa Ana .
Stewart was later named a suspect when stink bombs were planted at The Times and at a church in Torrance , and charges were eventually filed in connection with the incident at The Times .
Detectives say that on the morning of Sept. 22 , 1992 , Stewart picked up two transient laborers in downtown Los Angeles , promising them plumbing jobs .
Dressed conservatively in a dark pin-stripe suit , Stewart allegedly took the men to the seventh floor of the Hyatt , where , apparently at random , he selected a room in which 39 - year - old maid Paula Madera - Chan was cleaning a bathroom .
Advertisement
Police said that when Stewart , who had a pistol , tried to force the men into the bathroom with Madera - Chan , a scuffle broke out and the men escaped .
Madera - Chan locked herself in the bathroom and phoned her supervisor , who notified police .
Stewart set off a smoke bomb in the hotel corridor before nailing the hotel room door shut and posting religious placards in the windows so they could be read from the ground , detectives said .
The officers said they established telephone contact with Stewart , who threatened to harm his hostage and to begin shooting at planes en route to the airport .
“ We believed the safety of the hostage was deteriorating quickly , ” Officer Bill Frio , an LAPD spokesman , said later .
Advertisement
Shortly before 6 p.m. , police smashed through the hotel room door to find Stewart lying on a bed , his hands clasped behind his head .
Near his feet lay a loaded . 45 - caliber pistol , a supply of food , some religious tracts and “ the infamous wig , ” Frio said .
As they led him away , Stewart told police that his intention had been to get the news media to spread the “ good news ” that the second coming of Christ was imminent .
Madera - Chan , who suffered no physical harm during her ordeal , was offered a free vacation at any Hyatt hotel in the United States by her employer .
WARNING : This is a tentative list , by no means exhaustive .
See the full ChangeLog in the source for a comprehensive list of all changes .
Welcome to Freeciv 2.2.0 Edit
Thanks again to all our developers , who continue to work so hard .
This release includes lots of changes relative to 2.1.x ; the significant ones are outlined below .
Bug fixes also included in the 2.1.x line are not listed .
Those who are interested in seeing the detailed changes should check the ChangeLog file .
WHAT'S CHANGED SINCE 2.1.x Edit
Built - in editor
Expanded ruleset format :
Unit classes
Movement restrictions
Can limit which terrains a unit can enter
River - boats
Wheeled units
Which units another unit can transport Migration
Plague
Bases
Calendar effects
Changes to gameplay with default ruleset :
New terrains : Deep Ocean ( as Ocean but no specials and cannot be transformed )
Lake ( as Ocean but no Whales special ; inland water below a certain size is generated as Lake )
Triremes are not restricted to tiles next to land , but to ( shallow ) Ocean tiles ; they now cannot even attempt to enter unsafe tiles
Triremes no longer get the +1 movement bonus from Nuclear Power that other sea units get
Triremes and Carriers can no longer attack land units
Submarine attack strength reduced from 15 to 12 ( to make it easier to defend against them with escorts )
New base type buoy , which can be built by Engineers on water tiles with the Radio advance , and gives vision .
, which can be built by Engineers on water tiles with the Radio advance , and gives vision .
Ruins ( left behind by destroyed cities , no effect on gameplay currently )
( left behind by destroyed cities , no effect on gameplay currently ) New advance Environmentalism and Solar Plant improvement , which can eliminate pollution from production
and improvement , which can eliminate pollution from production Trade route value now depends on size of cities , not on trade generated in them
New national borders system
Coastal Defense now available earlier ( requires Gunpowder instead of Metallurgy )
now available earlier ( requires instead of )
No restrictions on specialists in small cities
Terrain within working range of a city can no longer remain unknown
Units in fortresses now regain 25 % HP per turn ( as in 2.0.x ) instead of 100 %
New nations
AI difficulty level : Cheating
New server options :
foggedborders : visibility of borders is subject to fog of war
: visibility of borders is subject to fog of war borders gains new modes where player can see all tiles inside borders , and borders extend to unknown tiles revealing them
gains new modes where player can see all tiles inside borders , and borders extend to unknown tiles revealing them endspaceship controls whether spaceship reaching Alpha Cen ends the game
controls whether spaceship reaching Alpha Cen ends the game trademindist controls the minimum distance for trade routes between your cities
controls the minimum distance for trade routes between your cities Times now specified in turns instead of years ( endyear becomes endturn , onsetbarbs expressed in turns )
becomes , expressed in turns ) simultaneousphases renamed to phasemode and gains new options
Client interface changes :
Menus and shortcut keys revamped ; notable changes include : Connect with Road / Rail / Irrigation changes from Ctrl +
Shift + R / L / I to Shift + R / L / I City Report : F1 to F4 Go / Airlift to City : Shift + L to T Wake up Others ( Shift + W ) becomes Unsentry all on tile ( Shift + S ) Orders menu split into Select , Unit , Work , and Combat ; Reports becomes Civilization
Scripting improvements
Event cache : messages from the last few turns can be replayed to clients on connection and saved in savegames
Featured text in Gtk client , including colour coding and clickable links to mentioned cities / units / tiles
See NEWS for full lists of changes .
Here 's a quick look at Opera Mobile on Android .
And it looks , well , like you 'd expect Opera Mobile to on Android .
It 's nice and fast , thanks to the major compression going on , and it'll make a nice addition to Android 's browser arsenal .
Problem is , you can't get it .
We 've mentioned before that Opera Mobile 's only available to manufacturers and carriers : Basically it has to be cooked into the ROM .
And so it remains , which is too bad .
The good news is there 's still Opera Mini , which can be found in the Android Market .
But we 'd love for the big brother to make it onto our phones some day .
Other day I was walking down the street past a weedy guy and his obstreperous five - year - old who was clamoring to go in the opposite direction , and I heard the guy say to the kid , “ Tsst ! ”
The kid promptly heeled , and I knew that :
1 ) the weedy guy had probably seen the South Park episode in which Cartman ’s mom hires Cesar Millan , the Dog Whisperer , to get Cartman out of “ the red zone ” where he generally operates , and
2 ) the weedy guy was yet another convert to the true faith , which is called “ Cesar ’s Way . ”
The Dog Whisperer has been on TV five years or so now , and Cesar ’s Way is pretty familiar .
“ Exercise , discipline , affection , in that order ” is what you provide your dog .
Your job is to be the pack leader , projecting “ calm , assertive energy . ”
Sounds simple when you put it that way , but the challenge is so enormous that if you could actually follow Cesar ’s Way you would transform yourself into a Zen master or something .
Which is generally the theme of the show , the transformation of the human from hopeless mess into a bipedal creature of some semblance of dignity .
“ I rehabilitate dogs , I train people , ” says Cesar , meaning that people are the problem and dogs generally need to recover from dealing with our batshit - craziness .
He never says it explicitly , but he makes it clear : we are not worthy of our dogs .
But we must become worthy , act worthy , project worthiness .
If we are anxious we must be calm , if we are nutso we must be sane .
Though we are dithering incompetents we must act with the godlike assurance of a samurai swordsman .
How the hell ?
Cesar demonstrates how .
He ’s a short guy with a face like a chipmunk , but just watch him deal with a dog that , say , ca n’t walk on a leash without spinning around to rend its handler .
He squares himself up to his full height , draws in a few lungsful of calming air , assumes an expression of lordliness , and strides forward like His Serene Highness Prince Impressive , with the formerly hysterical dog trotting along placidly at his side .
He gets such fast results sometimes it ’s like watching an incredible Houdini stunt .
Ever see the episode with the out - of - control Great Dane who comes charging at Cesar ?
Cesar points and says “ Tsst ! ” from twenty feet away and the Dane stops like he ’s hit an electric fence and stands goggling .
And two minutes later , the Dane ’s so civilized you could take him to the opera .
Far more challenging are the interactions with people .
Cesar assumes an expression of impassive watchfulness when sitting down with such loons as the Pink Lady , who lives in a tatty apartment that looks like a Pepto - Bismol bomb was let off in her home , covering her clothes , furnishings , and lapdog in a nauseating shade of pink .
It ’s no surprise that the poor dyed - dog is attacking the Pink Lady ’s scrawny ankles — who would n’t ? — but Cesar patiently goes about setting things right with the full knowledge that the woman ’s a fruitcake and yet the dog has to learn to put up with her somehow .
Cesar might want to save the world “ one dog at a time ” but he ca n’t adopt them all .
He ’s already got thirty or so .
It ’s further proof of Cesar Millan ’s general awesomeness that slew of detractors have come squirming out of the woodwork trying to get his show canceled .
It ’s in keeping with the Mother Teresa - Christopher Hitchens Law of the Universe , or maybe call it the Abraham Lincoln - John Wilkes Booth Principle : if by rare chance a human being rises above his species ’ typically abysmal behavior level and aspires to greatness , he or she will be afflicted with at least one total jackass determined on his or her annihilation .
In this case the main jackass is Nicholas Dodman , director of the Animal Behavior Clinic at Tufts University .
His shtick is positive training methods , which he thinks Cesar Millan does n’t practice .
This is because Cesar pokes dogs in the neck with his fingers to snap them out of extreme behavior , and in “ red zone ” cases when dogs go ballistic , he puts them down on their sides to return them to a “ calm , submissive ” state .
The S & M implications of this seem to rattle some people .
As far as I can tell , the Dodmanites claim that Millan is relying on old , flawed , bad science , which held that dogs are pack animals descended from wolves , and basic wolf psychology involves keeping order through hierarchical systems of dominance .
The new rap is that dogs are so far from wolves by now that the old wolf family connection does n’t count , and even if it did , it turns out wolves are n’t dealing in dominance either or jostling for the alpha spot , like the old scientists said , so everything you ever heard or read about wolves is wrong .
They now claim dogs are more scavengers than predators , and not really all that invested in pack behavior , so Cesar Millan ’s basic premises are all duds .
Dodman ’s theory of dog- management is hording goods and services , “ making sure that the dog understands that all good things in life come only and obviously from you . ”
So the dog just naturally ties himself in knots trying to please his keeper in order to keep the square meals and squeaky toys coming , and all is sweetness and light .
Hmm .
Well , I do n’t know how many dogs you know , but the ones I know have lots and lots of interesting individual traits that make such bromides problematic .
Sure , if you ’re holding his dish full of food , you can probably make your dog sit , easy enough .
But suppose your dog has a nemesis , the Airedale that lives across the street , say , and goes into a barking frenzy whenever you walk by it ?
You do n’t have the dog dish then , and treats will be useless to distract the your dog from the epitome of evil , the Airedale across the street .
Or suppose your dog has developed a strange phobia and , starting one random day , is utterly terrified of those blimps that float overhead advertising things , and wants to run home whenever she sees them ?
Like mine does .
Especially the white blimp , with only a phone number in black printed on it .
We call it “ the White Blimp of Death ” in honor of my dog ’s horrified reaction to it .
In the grip of existential terror , my dog cares nothing for food , toys , or any other bribes past or present .
It ’s these kinds of “ Now what ? ” scenarios that are Cesar ’s specialty .
Remember that great episode when Cesar helped an increasingly fear - paralyzed dog by using the handle - end of the leash to elevate the dog ’s tale as they walked ?
Tail between the legs signals fear , tail high signals confidence , so what if you use the body position to tell the brain how to react instead of vice versa ?
As for dogs and pack behavior , well , hell , I ai n’t no animal behavior specialist , but it sure seems to me that pack behavior rules .
Just go to the dog park , or observe a household with multiple dogs negotiate the presence of a new member .
Cesar showcased just such a household , a home dedicated to pit bull rescue that had recently included a Chihuahua .
Instead of becoming lunch , the Chihuahua got so dominant it ran the whole place , including the terrorized pit bulls .
This is not size or strength , “ this is psychology , ” said Cesar , as the tiny alpha dog strutted through its domain .
The one charge you could make against Cesar is that he ’s too good , that it ’s impossible for anyone to replicate what he does beyond the rock - bottom basics of Cesar ’s Way , and even that would be a triumph .
He tries to teach people to read minute changes in dog behavior in order to respond before aggression escalates ( “ now you have two seconds to intervene — oh , see there , you waited too long ” ) , but it ’s plainly innate genius and / or decades of training to get anywhere near his level .
He ’s earned the right to say grandly at the beginning of each show , “ I YAM the dog whisperer ! ”
For more ordinary , imitable , and sloppy levels of dog- assistance you can watch Dogtown instead .
There everybody ’s nice and dedicated and helpful , but there ’s no eerie dog- communicating display that got Cesar the nickname “ el Perrero ” ( dog man ) in Mexico .
But it ’s cheering .
Takes them months to help a dog , usually , and the show charts their progress , but all the time you know there ’s no risk to the dog : the worst that can happen is that the dog lives the rest of its life at Dogtown , which is part of an 800 - acre animal sanctuary called Best Friends in southern Utah .
Whereas Cesar often seems to be working without a net — many cases of dogs owned by hapless individuals who regard Cesar as the their last hope before they start thinking of dog pounds and euthanasia .
Dogtown trainer John Garcia , who looks like he sings tenor in a boy band , never has to worry about that .
It ’s a much more melodramatic and sentimental show .
( “ If Missy the Pomeranian ca n’t learn to overcome her shyness around people , she may never find her forever home ! ” )
But then , it can afford to be .
Barring death from disease , etc. , these dogs are saved and surrounded by reasonable , good - hearted , well - trained people .
Cesar ’s show is rougher , carrying a whiff of the mean streets even into Hollywood mansions .
Maybe it ’s Cesar ’s own background — poor , rural Mexican kid , came over the border illegally , was working as Jada Pinkett ’s limo driver when she got impressed by his dog- training skills and decided to act as patron .
Maybe it ’s Cesar ’s tough - mindedness , his determination to make do with what ’s there , his gritty concrete compound for his dog pack , the “ Dog Psychology Center ” in L.A. , featuring chain link fences and cheap plastic swimming pools so the dogs can cool off .
Maybe it ’s his visits in people ’s homes where their economic status , educational level , health issues , and mental states are on full display and run the gamut of the addled American experience .
His show is Doggy Noir in a lot of good ways .
Down these mean streets a man must go who is not himself mean , but who ’s trying to help dogs and has to deal with people to do it .
Concerned ?
Ask your Toyota dealer
Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood urged owners of Toyota cars affected by the recall to go to a dealer .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Department of Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said Wednesday that owners of Toyotas affected by the recall should bring their cars to a dealer .
" My advice is if you have one of these vehicles , if you have a doubt , take it to Toyota today , " LaHood told reporters after a hearing on Capitol Hill .
Earlier , LaHood had told a House committee that Toyota owners should " stop driving " and bring affected cars back to the company .
He later referred to that as a " misstatement . "
The Transportation agency also released a statement advising owners " to contact their local dealerships to arrange for fixes as soon as possible . "
" We appreciate Secretary LaHood 's clarification of his remarks today about Toyota 's recall for sticking accelerator pedals , " Toyota said in a statement .
" We want to make sure our customers understand that this situation is rare and generally does not occur suddenly . "
The automaker said if Toyota owners notice a problem , they should contact their dealerships immediately .
But if a car is not experiencing pedal issues , Toyota said it is confident the vehicle is safe to drive .
Toyota officials announced on Monday they had found a solution that involved reinforcing the pedal assembly with a part that is being rushed to dealerships .
The problem , however , is that drivers are not likely to get a quick fix .
Toyota told dealers in a letter on Tuesday that " parts and technical instructions will begin arriving this week for you to begin initiating repairs . "
The confusion has worried Toyota owners like Maria Ciresi , 75 , of Smithtown , N.Y .
" I 'm deadly afraid to use it , " said Ciresi , referring to the new car she bought in November that has only 300 miles on it .
She said she contacted two of her local Toyota dealerships , but was told that they " do n't know when " they would be able to fix her car .
" You have to be notified first by mail , " she said .
Ciresi said she contacted Toyota directly , and was told to " drive the car , and if anything happens , put it in neutral . "
Meanwhile , Ciresi said she 's paying $ 190 a month for insurance and $ 263 a month on car payments for a vehicle she does n't dare use .
LaHood also acknowledged that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is investigating Toyotas not just for problems with gas pedals , but for problems with the electrical systems , as well .
" We will also be investigating the electronic components that are in these cars and if they 're not safe , we 'll have Toyota take a look at that , " LaHood said .
He said that Toyota has been cooperative in the investigations .
Toyota has recalled millions of vehicles in recent weeks due to problems with sticking gas pedals that cause the vehicles to accelerate out of control and later halted the sale of the eight vehicles involved in the recall .
Correction :
An earlier version of this story misidentified the model - make of a car .
Famous Fashion : 8 Recently - Released Celebrity Capsule Collections
cfblogger | November 11 , 2019
It seems that almost weekly , a new celeb - designer collab is announced , released and , before we know it , sold out ....
Given my struggle to get pregnant , I suppose it was only expected that I found it so hard to become unpregnant , too .
Several months after my D and C , I am still " pregnant . "
This article is published as part of a series by Rewire and our colleagues in observance of the 37th anniversary of the Supreme Court decision on Roe v. Wade .
I was catching up on the live coverage of the America Life League meeting when the clinic called me to offer congratulations .
According to them , I was " almost ‘ not pregnant ’ . "
Considering what a struggle it had always been for me to get pregnant , I supposed it was only fair that I found it so hard to become unpregnant , too .
We spent a full year trying for our first child before we were lucky enough to conceive .
So it was n’t so shocking when it took the same about of time to conceive our second .
The shock came later , at our first appointment , when we they could n’t find a heartbeat .
We lost that potential life at 8 weeks 2 days , or just over six weeks after conception .
In the time that passed between that loss and the visit that showed us that it was gone , my body had soldiered on in pregnancy even though there was no longer a fetus , with my hcg levels increasing , pregnancy symptoms continuing , and my uterus expanding to a full 12 weeks .
Because my body was refusing to miscarry on its own , we had to schedule a D&C to have the " products of conception " removed .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
I was nearly 12 weeks pregnant , and just finishing my first trimester .
It was Halloween .
Your body goes through many different things after a pregnancy is removed , and no two situations are the same .
But for those of us with missed miscarriages , we have follow up appointments to make sure our bodies are returning to normal , tracking , among other things , the level of pregnancy hormone in our body to make sure it returns to normal .
Some offices define " pregnant " as any hcg level over 25 .
Others , any level over 5 .
When you are having a successful pregnancy , your level doubles roughly every 48 hours .
After a D&C , your body should have a drastic drop , although some do n’t .
And your levels should decrease in half every 48 hours , although some do n’t .
Mine did n’t , and still refuses to .
Now , nearly 12 weeks since the surgery , I am at 21 .
I am still , technically , " pregnant . "
I think of these timelines when I hear people touting the personhood amendment , or declaring that life begins the moment a sperm fertilizes an egg .
They are so definite that that is the moment life that a woman is " pregnant . "
But when , then , does a woman become " not pregnant ? "
Was it when the fetus lost its heartbeat ?
In that case , I have n’t been pregnant in almost four months .
Was it when I had the D&C and it was removed ?
Then I have n’t been pregnant since October .
Or is it when my body chemically has everything out of my system ?
If so , then yes , I ’m still pregnant even without anything growing inside of me .
I find it hard to understand how people can be certain that a fertilized egg at that precise moment becomes a life .
It has n’t implanted anywhere where it can grow in order to live .
It does n’t have a heartbeat .
It has n’t become something that can survive without assistance .
How does it now develop total rights that surpass even that of the woman carrying it ?
If the end of a pregnancy can be this fluid , how can " this is the exact moment that a human begins and has rights ? "
Pregnancy is far too complicated for that .
Angry Kindle fans have sabotaged the Amazon rating of a bestselling new book , Game Change , an exposé of the 2008 US presidential elections , to punish its publisher for delaying the digital edition of the book until February .
The New York Times called Game Change , by political reporters Mark Halperin and John Heilemann , " a spicy smorgasbord of observations , revelations and allegations " and the Washington Post said it was " engaging and readable [ with ] some real reporting " , but the book has been punished with one - star reviews at Amazon.com from frustrated Kindle users .
" I 'm very disappointed there is no Kindle version available for this book .
By the time it comes out , this book will be outdated and I will have forgotten about it .
Shame on you publishers for excluding and alienating a huge market , that would have bought your book if you were n't so short - sighted , " wrote H Watson yesterday , one of 142 reviewers to give the book one star .
Fellow protester Mugdha Bendre agreed , writing " we want to read topical books like this one right away .
Not wait a month for the ebook version to be available .
I 'm afraid I wo n't be buying this book after all and will have to subsist on the excerpts published in newspapers . "
Some reviewers have questioned the fairness of the one - star reviews , which have brought Game Change 's overall rating down to 2.5 stars , saying they have nothing to do with the book 's content and calling on Amazon to delete them .
" This is a terrific , insightful look at the 2008 campaign .
Why are all the Kindle owners punishing the authors with lousy ratings because of the publisher 's and amazon 's marketing ploy ?
It 's mean - spirited and unseemly , " wrote Laurence R Bachmann , giving it five stars .
" You can't review a book unless you 've read it for heaven 's sake . "
HarperCollins published Game Change – subtitled Obama and the Clintons , McCain and Palin , and the Race of a Lifetime and billed as " the real story behind the headlines " – in hardback on 11 January , but the Kindle version is not out until 23 February .
Despite the negative reviews , it is currently the online bookseller 's bestselling title .
HarperCollins is not the only publisher delaying release of its ebooks .
Last year , leading publishers Simon & Schuster and Hachette Book Group both told the Wall Street Journal that they would delay ebook editions – which are generally priced significantly lower than the hardback – by up to four months for some titles in 2010 .
" We believe some people will be disappointed .
But with new [ electronic ] readers coming and sales booming , we need to do this now , before the installed base of ebook reading devices gets to a size where doing it would be impossible , " Simon & Schuster chief executive Carolyn Reidy told the WSJ .
Amazon.com pointed out at the time that " authors get the most publicity at launch and need to strike while the iron is hot .
If readers can't get their preferred format at that moment , they may buy a different book or just not buy a book at all . "
Derek Bacon
THIS week Evan Bayh , a senator from Indiana who nearly became Barack Obama 's vice - president , said he was retiring from the Senate , blaming the inability of Congress to get things done .
Cynics think Mr Bayh was also worried about being beaten in November ( though he was ahead in the polls ) .
Yet the idea that America 's democracy is broken , unable to fix the country 's problems and condemned to impotent partisan warfare , has gained a lot of support lately ( see article ) .
Certainly the system looks dysfunctional .
Although a Democratic president is in the White House and Democrats control both House and Senate , Mr Obama has been unable to enact health - care reform , a Democratic goal for many decades .
His cap - and - trade bill to reduce carbon emissions has passed the House but languishes in the Senate .
Now a bill to boost job - creation is stuck there as well .
Nor is it just a question of a governing party failing to get its way .
Washington seems incapable of fixing America 's deeper problems .
Democrats and Republicans may disagree about climate change and health , but nobody thinks that America can ignore the federal deficit , already 10 % of GDP and with a generation of baby - boomers just about to retire .
Yet an attempt to set up a bipartisan deficit - reduction commission has recently collapsed — again .
This , argue the critics , is what happens when a mere 41 senators ( in a 100 - strong chamber ) can filibuster a bill to death ; when states like Wyoming ( population : 500,000 ) have the same clout in the Senate as California ( 37 m ) , so that senators representing less than 11 % of the population can block bills ; when , thanks to gerrymandering , many congressional seats are immune from competitive elections ; when hateful bloggers and talk - radio hosts shoot down any hint of compromise ; when a tide of lobbying cash corrupts everything .
And this dysfunctionality matters far beyond America 's shores .
A few years ago only Chinese bureaucrats dared suggest that Beijing 's autocratic system of government was superior .
Nowadays there is no shortage of leaders from emerging countries , or even prominent American businesspeople , who privately sing the praises of a system that can make decisions swiftly .
It 's alright , Abe
We disagree .
Washington has its faults , some of which could easily be fixed .
But much of the current fuss forgets the purpose of American government ; and it lets current politicians ( Mr Obama in particular ) off the hook .
To begin with , the critics exaggerate their case .
It is simply not true to say that nothing can get through Congress .
Look at the current financial crisis .
The huge TARP bill , which set up a fund to save America 's banks , passed , even though it came at the end of George Bush 's presidency .
The stimulus bill , a $ 787 billion two - year package , made it through within a month of Mr Obama taking office .
The Democrats have also passed a long list of lesser bills , from investments in green technology to making it easier for women to sue for sex discrimination .
A criticism with more weight is that American government is good at solving acute problems ( like averting a Depression ) but less good at confronting chronic ones ( like the burden of entitlements ) .
Yet even this can be overstated .
Mr Bush failed to reform pensions , but he did push through No Child Left Behind , the biggest change to schools for a generation .
Bill Clinton reformed welfare .
The system , in other words , can work , even if it does not always do so .
( That is hardly unusual anywhere : for all its speed in authorising power stations , China has hardly made a success of health care lately . )
On the biggest worry of all , the budget , it may well take a crisis to force action , but Americans have wrestled down huge deficits before .
America 's political structure was designed to make legislation at the federal level difficult , not easy .
Its founders believed that a country the size of America is best governed locally , not nationally .
True to this picture , several states have pushed forward with health - care reform .
The Senate , much ridiculed for antique practices like the filibuster and the cloture vote , was expressly designed as a “ cooling ” chamber , where bills might indeed die unless they commanded broad support .
Broad support from the voters is something that both the health bill and the cap - and - trade bill clearly lack .
Democrats could have a health bill tomorrow if the House passed the Senate version .
Mr Obama could pass a lot of green regulation by executive order .
It is not so much that America is ungovernable , as that Mr Obama has done a lousy job of winning over Republicans and independents to the causes he favours .
If , instead of handing over health care to his party 's left wing , he had lived up to his promise to be a bipartisan president and courted conservatives by offering , say , reform of the tort system , he might have got health care through ; by giving ground on nuclear power , he may now stand a chance of getting a climate bill .
Once Mr Clinton learned the advantages of co-operating with the Republicans , the country was governed better .
Redistricting the redistricters
So the basic system works ; but that is no excuse for ignoring areas where it could be reformed .
In the House the main outrage is gerrymandering .
Tortuously shaped “ safe ” Republican and Democratic seats mean that the real battles are fought among party activists for their party 's nomination .
This leads candidates to pander to extremes , and lessens the chances of bipartisan co-operation .
An independent commission , already in existence in some states , would take out much of the sting .
In the Senate the filibuster is used too often , in part because it is too easy .
Senators who want to talk out a bill ought to be obliged to do just that , not rely on a simple procedural vote : voters could then see exactly who was obstructing what .
These defects and others should be corrected .
But even if they are not , they do not add up to a system that is as broken as people now claim .
American democracy has its peaks and troughs ; attempts to reform it dramatically , such as California 's initiative craze , have a mixed history , to put it mildly .
Rather than regretting how the Republicans in Congress have behaved , Mr Obama should look harder at his own use of his presidential power .
In the wake of a grand jury ruling that found no criminal wrongdoing by police , Portland ministers and community members this morning called for greater scrutiny of last month 's Portland police shooting of an unarmed man .
More
More than 50 members of the Albina Ministerial Alliance and other supporters stood on the steps of the Justice Center , and then marched to the Multnomah County courthouse and City Hall blocks away .
Many held signs that read " Justice , " or " Justicia . "
They shouted , " No peace , no justice , " and " Stop the killings . "
Pastor LeRoy Haynes , alliance vice president , called the Jan. 29 fatal shooting of Aaron Campbell " preventable and unnecessary . "
" The string of deaths by police violence ( Kendra James , James Perez , Jose Mejia Poot , James Chasse and others ) should send a clearcut message that something is wrong with the
and it should be immediately fixed , " Haynes bellowed , reading from a prepared statement .
A grand jury late Tuesday night returned a " no true bill , " or no indictment against Portland Officer Ronald Frashour , who fired one shot from his AR - 15 rifle at Campbell , 25 , striking him in the back in the parking lot of the Sandy Terrace Apartments in Northeast Portland .
Campbell died at the scene .
But the jury was expected to release
today that outlined some of its concerns with the testimony it heard over two days .
Meanwhile , alliance members say they 've lost faith in the county 's grand jury system when it comes to review of police shootings and called for either special prosecutors or a federal civil - rights inquiry into the Campbell shooting .
They also called for a public inquest , a full review of police deadly force , a stronger police oversight system with subpoena power and changes to Oregon law that would narrow the deadly force statute governing police authority .
Campbell 's mother , Marva Davis , joined the demonstration , accompanied by her godmother and cousins .
Davis lost another son early in the morning of Jan. 29 , 23 - year - old Timothy Douglass , who died from heart and kidney failure .
" We 're trusting the police to take care of us , not hurt us , '' Davis said .
" We need to stand together as a family ... not no black and white .. but as a family . ''
The Rev. T. Allen Bethel , alliance president , said he was disturbed that he continues to hear that the police actions are justified and follow police procedures , and the bureau rarely admits wrongdoing .
" They continue to be the only force I know that has never done anything wrong .
The only force that I know that has never done anything wrong is God , and they are not God . "
Skip Osborne , former president of Portland 's NAACP chapter , said it 's time to remove the city from examination of Portland police use of force .
" A civil rights investigation is necessary , " Osborne said .
" The City of Portland is not doing anything to punish police officers for the wrong that they 're doing . "
Frashour told investigators he saw Campbell , who he was told was armed and suicidal , reach to the back waistband of his pants , and then run toward an alcove in the apartment complex after refusing to obey a fellow officer 's commands to keep his hands in the air .
The gunshot came seconds after another officer fired six beanbag shotgun rounds at Campbell .
At least two witnesses said Campbell had exited an apartment , walking backward to police with his hands locked behind his head .
They saw Campbell reach one hand behind him to the spot on his back where he was struck with a beanbag round .
Police found no gun on Campbell , but later seized one from his girlfriend 's apartment .
JoAnn Bowman , of Oregon Action , and former state Sen .
Avel Gordly , urged the community to hold City Hall , the police chief , and the mayor accountable .
" The buck stops with our mayor , " Bowman said .
Shortly after the rally and march , the Multnomah County grand jury that heard the Campbell police shooting case released a
that blamed a series of police errors for Campbell 's death .
–
WASHINGTON – Indictments which were filed over the weekend in Miami against three businessmen offer a glimpse into Hezbollah 's funding methods in South America .
Following an investigation spanning three years , the three suspects were charged with supplying electronic equipment to a shopping center in Paraguay .
Documents filed with the court by the US Treasury Department also provide details regarding the terror organizations ' funding tactics .
The three suspects are Khaled Safadi , 56 , and 43 - year - old Emilio Gonzalez , both of Miami ; and 46 - year - old Ulises Talavera - Campos , a citizen of Paraguay .
They are accused of supplying thousands of playstation devices and cameras to the Galeria Page shopping center in Ciudad del Este in the Tri-Border Region which connects Paraguay , Brazil and Argentina .
The shopping center was defined by the US Treasury Department as Hezbollah 's financial headquarters and is situated in a region which local law authorities have little control over .
A fourth suspect not yet apprehended is Samer Mehdi , 37 , a citizen of both Paraguay and Brazil who is the owner of the Galeria Page shopping center .
According to the indictment , Safadi used to provide the equipment to the two other defendants and they in turn transferred it to Paraguay .
The three would use fake addresses in export documents in order to conceal the real destination of the goods .
South American network
John Morton , assistant secretary of homeland security , said the shopping center in Ciudad del Este has been under surveillance for several years .
Its manager , Muhammad Yusif Abdallah , is suspected of regularly transferring a share of the center 's profits to Hezbollah .
A US Treasury document dated four years ago suggests that the shopping center is part of a South American network run by Assad Ahmad Barakat who has been on the US terrorist blacklist since 2004 .
During the court hearing the federal prosecution motioned to deny the suspects bail , fearing they would flee the country .
Safadi's attorney Michael Tein mocked the prosecution for arresting people over video games .
" Terrorism ? "
Tein said .
" More like ' The Great Sony Playstation Caper . '
The indictment literally charges them with selling Playstation 2 video games to Paraguay .
That 's some weapon of mass destruction . "
Nothing has been murkier or more opaque than the last month ’s worth of discussions over how or even whether to revive the seemingly moribund health care reform effort .
But it ’s starting to seem like Democrats may actually decide to go ahead with what they could have and should done a month ago — have the House pass the existing senate bill and then pass a companion piece of legislation to ‘ fix ’ the first bill , which will be pushed through the senate using reconciliation , i.e. , 50 vote rules .
( One of the funniest parts of this is watching the DC press refer to this as resorting to a “ majority - vote procedure . ”
That ’s what it ’s come to . )
On a local TV interview show on Friday Sen. Harry Reid ( D - NV ) basically said it ’s the plan , that they will use ‘ reconciliation ’ , and that they ’ll finish within the next 60 days .
Another part of the equation is this .
Earlier this year there were pretty clearly 50 votes for a public option in the Senate .
Just not 60 .
But if you ’re going to go the reconciliation route and push through a bill with 50 votes ( remember , Biden ’s the tie - breaker , so they do n’t need 51 ) , why not just add a public option too ?
Given all that ’s happened , I find it very hard to believe that ’s going to happen .
Indeed , at this point , I need to see a lot before I ’m persuaded anything is going to happen at all .
But it ’s a question they ’re going to have to face .
I received this link from L. Gardy LaRoche by email .
A reporter from the BBC takes offense with John Hirst getting a bonus for predicting global warming and a mild winter right before the huge cold snap we ’re having .
The Met office is actually famous for predicting every year will be the warmest on record with hot summers and mild winters , it ’s so bad that the only prediction which holds any water is the prediction that the Met office will predict warm weather next year as well .
So this reporter , armed with a few inconvenient facts , goes after John Hurst until at the end John states flat out that Met models predicted that temperatures would flatten in recent years .
That ’s all great , except that they keep predicting warmest year ever and keep missing the mark .
If the models predicted flattening of temperatures , why would they keep predicting warming ?
The clip is about 6 minutes with the interesting bit at the end :
So which is it , is MET not being honest about predictions or are they not being honest about the models ?
Banks say that the president 's potential banking fees could cost the economy up to $ 1 trillion .
Banks may fight Obama fee
Banks are considering an aggressive lobbying campaign to try to defeat President Barack Obama ’s new bank fee , arguing that it could cost the economy as much as $ 1 trillion in lost lending .
" The money to be collected is capital being pulled out of the banking system that could support ten times the amount in new lending , " a senior industry leader told POLITICO .
" That 's because $ 1 in capital supports $ 10 or more in lending .
So the tax will pull not $ 90 billion in lending capacity out of the banking system , but $ 1 trillion in potential lending . ”
Advertisement
The industry official continued : “ The Administration is choosing , it seems , to score political points at a time when millions of American businesses , families , and unemployed workers continue to struggle .
Shutting off a trillion dollars in private lending capacity is n't , in our view , the way to stimulate the economy . ”
The White House , anxious to show its populist chops at a time when banks are unpopular , can be expected to welcome the combat .
White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett said on MSNBC's " Morning Joe ” that the fee , which Obama is calling a Financial Crisis Responsibility Fee , would primarily hit 30 or 40 big firms that “ were principally responsible for taking the risk that created this crisis in the first place . ”
“ [ The banks should ] step up to their responsibility and be our partners , and not try to fight their obligations .
Everyday Americans have to pay their obligations .
Why should n't the banks ? ” Jarrett said .
“ We 're not looking to pick a fight .
We 're just saying : Make the taxpayers whole . "
Explaining the politics of the proposal , a senior administration official senior administration official said it “ gives Dems a rallying point and puts Republicans in a box . ”
“ While the GOP has muddied the waters on financial reform , the Wall Street fee is a bright line : either you are on the side of making taxpayers whole or you want to protect outsized profits at the big Wall Street banks , ” the official said .
“ If the GOP lines up with Goldman and company on the fee , it 'll make it easier for Dems to demonstrate that they are protecting the ‘ fat cats ’ and opposing real change to Wall Street . ”
Dubai police investigating the killing of a senior Hamas commander in a hotel room in the Gulf emirate last month said today an 11 - member hit squad , three of whom had Irish passports , was responsible for the murder .
Dubai 's police chief did not directly implicate Israel in the assassination as the Islamic militant group has .
Photos , names , nationalities and passport numbers of all 11 suspects have been released by police .
The details given by Lt. Gen. Dhahi Khalfan Tamim are the most comprehensive accusations by Dubai authorities since the body of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh was found Jan. 20 in his luxury hotel room near Dubai 's international airport .
Tamim said it was possible that " leaders of certain countries gave orders to their intelligence agents to kill " al - Mabhouh , one of the founders of Hamas ' military wing .
But he did not name any countries .
Hamas has blamed Israel and vowed revenge .
Tamim sketched out a highly organised operation in the hours before the killing , clearly done with advance knowledge of the victim 's movements , and said the killers spent less than a day in the country .
He said forensic tests indicate al - Mabhouh died of suffocation , but lab analyses are still under way to pinpoint possible other factors in his death .
He showed a news conference surveillance video of the alleged assassination team arriving on separate flights to Dubai the day before al - Mabhouh was found dead .
The members of the alleged hit - squad checked into separate hotels .
They paid for all expenses in cash and used different mobile phone cards to avoid traces , he added .
At least two suspected members of the team watched al - Mabhouh check in to his hotel and later booked a room across from the Hamas commander , Tamim said .
He added that there was " serious penetration into al - Mabhouh 's security prior to his arrival " in Dubai , but that it appeared al - Mabhouh was traveling alone .
" Hamas did not tell us who he was .
He was walking around alone , " said Tamim .
" If he was such an important leader , why did n't he have people escorting him ? "
Tamim said there was at least one unsuccessful attempt to break into al - Mabhouh 's hotel room .
It was unclear whether he opened the door to his killers or if the room was forcibly entered .
The killing took place about five hours after al - Mabhouh arrived at the hotel and all the 11 suspects were out of the United Arab Emirates within 19 hours of their arrivals , he added .
Tamim claimed the suspects left behind some evidence , but he declined to elaborate .
He urged the countries linked to the alleged killers to co-operate with the investigation .
Tamim told reporters the alleged assassination team comprised six British passport holders , three Irish and one each from France and Germany .
Hamas has accused Israel 's Mossad secret service of carrying out the killing and has pledged to strike back .
Israeli officials have accused al - Mabhouh of helping smuggle rockets into Gaza .
Senior Hamas figures have denied reports that al - Mabhouh was en route to Iran , which is a major Hamas backer .
But the group has not given clear reasons for his presence in Dubai .
A Hamas statement last month acknowledged al - Mabhouh was involved in the kidnapping and killing of two Israeli soldiers in 1989 and said he was still playing a " continuous role in supporting his brothers in the resistance inside the occupied homeland " at the time of his death .
More than 2,000 mourners attended al - Mabhouh 's funeral and burial at the Palestinian refugee camp of Yarmouk , near Damascus , Syria .
MONTREAL -A rural Quebec man was sentenced to life in prison Wednesday for his role in an overseas terrorist bomb plot by an Al Qaeda affiliated group .
It is just the second time in Canadian legal history that a life sentence has been handed down in a terrorism case , after the one last month to one of the so - called ' Toronto 18 ' , Crown prosecutors said .
Said Namouh was found guilty last October of four terrorism - related charges relating to a loosely planned plot to bomb targets in Germany and Austria .
The terror attack was motivated by those countries ' military presence in Afghanistan .
Namouh was involved with the Global Islamic Media Front , an organization recognized by the court as a terrorist group that took part in propaganda and jihad recruitment .
The organization is described as an Al Qaeda media tool .
Namouh , 37 , will have no chance of parole for at least 10 years .
Quebec court Judge Claude Leblond said Namouh remains dangerous and remorseless whereas in other Canadian terrorism cases , some of the accused had seen the error of their ways .
Leblond noted that an attempt by Namouh to seek the court 's favour by taking the stand during his sentencing hearing last November had the opposite effect .
“ In no way since the events has he distanced himself from terrorism , ” Leblond said in his judgment .
“ His attempt at manipulating the court during his sentencing hearing reveals the danger he continues to represent . ”
Namouh was arrested by the RCMP in Maskinonge , Que. , in September 2007 , and will get credit for time served since then .
The earliest Namouh would be eligible to apply for parole would be 2017 .
Namouh was found guilty of one count each of conspiracy to detonate an explosive device , participating in a terrorist act , facilitating an act of terrorism and committing extortion for a terrorist group .
He was sentenced to life for conspiracy and , on the other charges , to four , eight , and eight years , concurrent to the life sentence .
Part of the wealth of evidence against Namouh included a report that indicated a wide - ranging hit list of possible targets , although the targets were never mentioned in the specific charges .
They included Vienna - based OPEC , prominent German and Austrian government officials and politicians , as well as the Euro 2008 soccer tournament .
The Crown argued that Namouh was on the verge of carrying out the plan , while the defence called that notion far - fetched .
The evidence presented during his trial showed that Namouh spent countless hours on jihad forums and preparing propaganda videos .
The Crown got the life sentence it wanted .
“ The message is for people , not only in this country but abroad also , ” said federal prosecutor Dominique Dudemaine .
“ You can not come into Canada to carry out a plot here or elsewhere .
We are not a safe haven . ”
Namouh 's lawyer had argued for a short sentence and had called the Crown evidence overblown as concerned to Namouh 's enthusiasm for jihad .
“ I 'm not at all convinced that the evidence is compelling that the gentleman is as dangerous as he is being portrayed now , ” Rene Duval said .
Duval said that his client had access to paltry legal aid and little chance against a prosecution and police team with enormous resources .
Duval said Wednesday that he needs to look at the judgment , and said an appeal is possible .
Namouh is a permanent resident .
Canada has already begun procedures to have him deported to his native Morocco .
NASA Scientist Nadine Unger Discusses Which Sectors of the Economy Impact the Climate
Adam Voiland
NASA 's Earth Science News Team
Nadine Unger , a climatologist with NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York City , spoke with NASA 's Earth Science News Team about her recent study that analyzed how different human activities impact climate .
The study appeared in thein February .
Your research suggests that the climate science community ought to shift its focus from looking at the impacts of individual chemicals to economic sectors .
Why ?
There 's nothing " wrong " with dividing climate impacts up by chemical species , but it 's not particularly useful for policy makers .
They need to know which human activities are impacting the climate and what the effect will be if they attempt to curb emissions from a particular sector .
Also , there 's a great deal of complexity in our emissions that they need to be mindful of if we want to mitigate climate change efficiently .
What sort of complexity ?
Some sectors of the economy produce a mixture of pollutants -- particularly aerosols -- that cause cooling rather than warming in the short term .
Since warming can accelerate as we remove aerosols , we 've been inadvertently geoengineering for decades with aerosol emissions .
Take the heavy industry and shipping sectors , for example .
These sectors burn a great deal of coal and bunker fuel , which releases carbon dioxide , which causes greenhouse warming .
But they also release sulfates , which cause cooling by blocking incoming radiation from the sun and by changing clouds to make them brighter and longer - lived .
In the short term , the cooling from sulfates actually outweighs the warming from carbon dioxide , meaning the net impact of the shipping and heavy industry sectors today is to cool climate .
Compare that to cars and trucks , which emit almost no sulfates but a great deal of carbon dioxide , black carbon , and ozone -- all of which cause warming and happen to be very bad for human health .
Cutting transportation emissions would be unambiguously good for the climate in the short term , while cutting heavy industry emissions would have less of an impact right now .
You keep mentioning " short - term " impacts .
Could the climate impacts of some sectors of the economy change over longer time periods ?
Yes .
Greenhouse gases have a much longer lifespan -- or residence time -- in the atmosphere than aerosols , which typically rain out after a few days or weeks .
This means that the impact of greenhouse gases can accumulate and intensify over time , while the aerosol effects become comparatively less important on longer time scales due to the accumulation of carbon dioxide .
You 've mentioned industry , shipping and on - road transportation .
What other sectors of the economy did you analyze ?
Aviation , household fossil fuels , railroads , household biofuels ( mainly wood and dung used for home cooking and heating ) , animal husbandry , the electric power sector , waste and landfills , agriculture , biomass burning ... What is biomass burning ?
Mainly tropical forest fires , deforestation and savannah and shrub fires .
We also looked at agricultural waste burning , which relates to seasonal clearing of the fields common in many countries in Africa and South America .
So , does this mean that pollution from industry and biomass burning is good for the climate ?
No , not at all .
Both of those sectors contribute to warming over the long term , so we 'll have no choice but to reduce our emissions over time .
But these sectors do mask warming from greenhouses gases in the short term .
Just because an activity causes cooling in the short - term does not mean that it is ‘ good ’ for the climate .
The emissions might disturb other aspects of the climate system including the amount of rainfall in a region and therefore the water supply to humans .
Where did you get all the information about emissions ?
We used emission inventories assembled by colleagues .
For instance , a colleague from the University of Illinois -- Tami Bond -- has some of the best information on some types of aerosols , such as black carbon .
But how can you estimate the impacts of emissions that have n't happened yet ?
We used a computer model at GISS to look at future at climate impacts if we continued emitting pollutants at today 's rate .
Using this approach , we looked specifically at two snapshots in time : 2020 and 2100 .
What can we do if we want to minimize climate change in the near term ?
Well , our analysis suggests that on - the - road transportation and household biofuels are very attractive sectors to target .
We can reduce human warming impacts most rapidly by tackling emissions from these sectors .
In order to protect climate in the longer term , emissions from power and industry must be reduced .
Are there any uncertainties in your results ?
There are .
There 's a large amount of uncertainty about how aerosols affect climate , especially through the indirect effects on clouds .
Hopefully , NASA 's Glory mission will help reduce the uncertainties associated with aerosols .
What direction do you see your research going next ?
Our focus has been on global climate so far , but in future work we 'll assess regional climate impacts , as well as other disturbances to the climate system , such as effects on the water supply and land ecosystems .
In addition , we plan to investigate many of the sectors in greater detail .
In the power sector , for example , we might look specifically at power stations that operate with coal or natural gas .
And in the on - road transportation sector , we might break out heavy - from light - duty vehicles .
Finally , we 're planning to partner with environmental economists to determine the damage costs of emissions from all the sectors due to both climate and air quality impacts , results that we can use to develop alternative mitigation scenarios .
Road Transportation Emerges as Key Driver of Warming in New Analysis from NASAAttribution of Climate Forcing to Economic SectorsNadine Unger BioOther Research by Nadine UngerClean the Air , Heat the Planet
You have n't seen Carrie Guzman on the television shows hosted by archconservatives Bill O'Reilly or Glenn Beck .
Her name has n't appeared on the op - ed page of The Wall Street Journal .
And she has n't shown up in any surreptitiously videotaped sting operations conducted by youthful right - wing zealots .
In fact , Guzman represents a face of the group ACORN that has been largely absent from the media in general since various factions of the right wing set out to discredit and cripple the anti-poverty organization .
At least she used to be a part of Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now .
As head of the Lansing office , she worked out of a small office in that city for four years , putting in long hours while making just $ 30,000 a year .
Given that Guzman holds a Ph.D. in community development , the pay is exceptionally meager .
But she loved the job nonetheless , seeing it as a way to continue providing a public service after retiring from Michigan State University , where she previously served as director of the undergraduate social work program .
But late last year , after the federal government illegally cut off funding to the nonprofit and threatened to do the same to any other entity either affiliated or even associated with the group , ACORN in Michigan shut down all operations .
One year before the ax fell , Michigan ACORN had offices in Detroit , Lansing , Saginaw , Flint and Grand Rapids .
At its peak , it had more than 20 full - time staff and represented more than 10,000 member families around the state .
In 2008 , according to organization officials , it helped more than 1,000 families get their taxes filed , saved some 75 families from foreclosure , and assisted more than 150,000 people in filling out voter registration applications .
ACORN was also a key member in the coalition that successfully pushed for an increase in the state minimum wage in 2006 , and its work in speaking up about the foreclosure crisis helped to pass the Home Foreclosure Prevention Act in the spring of 2009 .
Despite those successes , the group was already facing difficult times as fallout from the financial meltdown caused foundations and philanthropists to scale back support , Guzman says .
That same meltdown , especially here in Michigan , where unemployment is rampant , also put a debilitating squeeze on the working - class and poor and people of color whose monthly dues form the backbone of ACORN 's support structure .
For two months early in 2009 , Guzman went without a paycheck , but she kept plugging away , helping people get their income tax returns properly filed and continuing to lead organizing efforts .
By September , when a pair of young conservative activists released secretly recorded videotapes purportedly showing ACORN employees in a handful of cities giving helpful advice to them as they posed as a pimp and prostitute looking for assistance on things like opening a brothel or illegally funneling money into a fictitious political campaign , all hell broke loose .
The furor caused by the videos led Congress to pass legislation cutting off funds to ACORN in a matter of weeks .
Even more devastating than the shutoff of federal money — which never formed a large part of ACORN 's support — was language in the legislation that also opened up the possibility that any group affiliated or even allied with ACORN could also lose federal funding .
That legislation , along with the torrent of negative publicity generated by the video sting , had additional repercussions : Foundation supporters and corporate partners — such as banks that helped fund foreclosure prevention programs — started separating themselves from the organization .
" That was the last straw , " says Guzman , who lives in Lansing .
" We just could n't keep going after that . "
That and the threatening phone calls that caused her to fear for the safety of her staff .
Michigan is n't the only place where ACORN has suffered .
Kevin Whelan , ACORN 's deputy national director , says that most state operations have either closed entirely or undergone drastic cuts .
Of the nearly 400 people employed by the organization nationally just a year ago , fewer than half remain on the payroll , he says .
As bad as all that is , the recent decision by California ACORN to break away from the national group to create a new nonprofit organization could portend even more trouble ahead .
As the Los Angeles Times reported when the split occurred in January , the separation from its " embattled parent organization " is a " move that observers say might foreshadow other defections that would seriously undermine one of the nation 's largest and most politically powerful community organizations . "
There is no doubt that conservative efforts to weaken ACORN , beginning at least as far back as 2004 , when the group 's voter registration efforts sent a chill through the Bush White House , have crippled the organization .
Along with an assault masterminded from the White House by Karl Rove was a second prong of attack from corporate interests that tried to keep their fingerprints off hatchet jobs by using an industry - funded " astroturf " group .
An early effort in that campaign , according to the group SourceWatch , " involved the appearance of a website called RottenAcorn.com , created by the Employment Policies Institute ( EPI ) , a front group created by Washington , D.C. - based astroturf specialist Richard Berman and his lobbying firm Berman & Company . "
The RottenAcorn.com website says ACORN is " really a multimillion - dollar , multi-national conglomerate , " and " its political agenda is driven by a relative handful of political thugs for hire . "
In an Oct. 29 , 2008 , article , the investigative journalism group ProPublica revealed that both a full - age ad in The New York Times attacking ACORN and the RottenAcorn.com website are " funded by Rick Berman 's Employment Policies Institute , which has among its clients the American Beverage Institute , a trade group for bars and restaurants . "
As if battling the Republican Party and well - funded corporate hit squads were n't enough , ACORN has been brought low , at least in part , because the mainstream press failed to do its job .
And then , heaping insult upon injury , ACORN was abandoned by many of the Democratic politicians that benefited from the group 's efforts , including a one - time community organizer named Barack Obama .
The question being raised now is whether it will be able to continue to exist at all .
But not all of ACORN 's problems can be laid at the feet of others .
SELF -INFLICTED WOUNDS
The seeds of current - day ACORN were planted in 1970 , when the National Welfare Rights Organization sent a talented organizer named Wade Rathke to Little Rock , Ark .
As noted on ACORN 's website , Rathke 's first campaign was aimed at helping welfare recipients attain their basic needs , such as clothing and furniture .
This drive began the effort to create and sustain a movement that would grow to become the Arkansas Community Organizations for Reform Now — the original ACORN . "
The fledgling group 's ambitious goal was to " unite welfare recipients with needy working people around issues of free school lunches , unemployment issues , Vietnam veterans ' rights and emergency room care .
The broad range of issues did not stop there , as the organization grew throughout Arkansas .
ACORN organized farmers to take on environmental issues concerning sulfur emissions . "
It became a multi-state organization in 1975 , launching branches in Texas and South Dakota , keeping the original acronym but changing its name to the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now .
Eventually it spread to more than 40 states and gained hundreds of thousands of members .
Lansing organizer Guzman says she first learned about the group the way most people did back in the 1980s .
" Someone came and knocked on my door and asked me to become involved , " she recalls .
The issue then was an effort to keep a neighborhood school from being closed .
The effort caught her interest , and she became a dues - paying member , contributing $ 10 a month to help support the cause .
From the outset , Guzman says , the group was controversial , fostering a culture of confrontation .
" ACORN has always been edgy , and has always pushed the envelope , " says Guzman .
Rather than seeking in - your - face confrontations , she considers herself more of a " bridge builder " with a low - key temperament .
But says she understands the reason for the organization 's aggressive philosophy .
" ACORN has never been afraid to directly confront people with rallies and demonstrations , or going to the homes of corporate executives to stage protests .
Things like that .
But a lot of times , that kind of edginess is necessary to draw attention to an issue . "
With the bulk of its members existing on the margins of society , she explains , it was important to prove to them that they had the power to make change happen .
People who never had access to the corridors of power learned that there is power in numbers , power in knowledge .
Over time , ACORN grew to become what Peter Dreier and John Atlas , in a piece penned for the Huffington Post blog site , described as " the nation 's most successful community organizing group ... making headlines by mobilizing low - income Americans to fight for social justice , challenging powerful banks , corporations and government officials around such issues as [ increased ] wages for the working poor , predatory lending and foreclosures , welfare reform , public education , affordable housing and voting rights . "
Dreier teaches politics and directs the Urban & Environmental Policy program at Occidental College in California .
Atlas , founder and president of the New Jersey - based National Housing Institute , has written a soon - to - be published book about the history of ACORN .
Both men have regularly risen to the defense of the organization as it sustained a series of attacks in recent years .
But even admirers of the group were taken aback in July 2008 , when it was disclosed that ACORN founder Wade Rathke 's brother , Dale , had embezzled nearly $ 1 million from the organization eight years earlier .
Although an agreement to recoup the money was signed and payments were made , police were never notified and most of ACORN 's board was never informed of the crime .
Both brothers remained with the organization until whistle - blowers disclosed the scandal .
" We thought it best at the time to protect the organization , as well as to get the funds back into the organization , to deal with it in - house , " Maude Hurd , then president of ACORN , told The New York Times .
" It was a judgment call at the time , and , looking back , people can agree or disagree with it , but we did what we thought was right . "
Over the years , ACORN had made powerful enemies , and they pounced on what Dreier and Atlas described as a " tragic example of poor judgment . "
The group 's detractors , not surprisingly , went for the jugular .
The Employment Policies Institute issued this statement : " It comes as no surprise that ACORN founder and chief organizer Wade Rathke hid his brother 's embezzlement of nearly $ 1 million from the ' charitable ' organization 's employees , board of directors and donors .
This is just one more page in ACORN 's corrupt history , which already includes election fraud investigations in at least a dozen states , hypocritical and oppressive employment practices and a political agenda driven by a handful of anti-corporate activists . "
While the right wing gleefully slobbered over the whiff of blood , the group 's supporters responded like they were gut - punched .
" Staff , " says Guzman , " felt very angry and betrayed . "
PIMPED OUT
During the summer of 2009 , twentysomething conservative activists James O'Keefe and Hannah Giles visited at least eight ACORN offices in five different cities .
Giles pretended to be a prostitute .
O'Keefe either posed as a pimp or claimed to be Giles ' protector .
Various illegal schemes were proposed .
According to news reports , two ACORN staffers were fired for their seeming willingness to assist the two activists in their feigned plans to break the law .
After the videotaped sting in September , ACORN commissioned former Massachusetts Attorney General Scott Harshbarger to conduct an inquiry into both the incident and the effectiveness of reforms instituted following disclosure of the embezzlement .
One of the things Harshbarger concluded in a report released in December 2009 , was that the " serious management challenges " facing the organization are the " fault of ACORN 's founder and a cadre of leaders who , in their drive for growth , failed to commit the organization to the basic , appropriate standards of governance and accountability .
As a result , ACORN not only fell short of living its principles but also left itself vulnerable to public embarrassment .
" The hidden camera controversy is an apt example .
While some of the advice and counsel given by ACORN employees and volunteers was clearly inappropriate and unprofessional , we did not find a pattern of intentional , illegal conduct by ACORN staff ; in fact , there is no evidence that action , illegal or otherwise , was taken by any ACORN employee on behalf of the videographers .
Instead , the videos represent the byproduct of ACORN 's longstanding management weaknesses , including lack of training , lack of procedures , and lack of on - site supervision . "
The way Guzman sees it , when the group greatly expanded its efforts to register voters in the 2000s , resources that had previously gone into training went into growth .
Also , the culture of the group could be a sword that cut two ways .
" Community organizers by nature are not administrators , " she observes .
" They are movers and shakers . "
As a result , even though she says the " protocols " put in place by the national organization were generally very good , the middle management support needed to carry them out was n't always there , and training was n't always adequate .
On the other hand , the video sting revealed more than shortcomings on the part of ACORN .
According to Dreier , coverage of the incident both created a controversy far out of proportion to its actual news value while failing to reveal the true context of what really happened .
While Fox News broadcast the videos " on a virtual round - the clock basis , " Dreier wrote in a piece penned two weeks ago , and the right - wing blogosphere served as an echo chamber that amplified and spread the allegations , mainstream media acted more like " stenographers " than reporters , failing to reveal crucial facts about the so - called " sting . "
While the heavily edited tapes make it appear as if conservative activist James O'Keefe dressed as a ridiculously flamboyant pimp when taping ACORN employees , he in reality presented himself as merely a friend to pretend hooker Giles ( who in some cases claimed to be seeking help setting up a brothel ) .
It was only outside that he donned the laughably outrageous costume that included a faux fur coat and oversized shades .
In an act of bold - faced deception , he then spliced the footage " to make it appear " that he 'd actually worn the costume in meetings with ACORN staff .
Most of the mainstream media continued to miss that salient fact in recounting the video escapade while reporting on the arrest of O'Keefe and three other men last week , when they were charged with plotting to tamper with the phones at the New Orleans office of Democratic Louisiana Sen .
Mary Landrieu .
Missing the real story is part of a pattern when it comes to mainstream coverage of ACORN , Dreier says .
Last September , Dreier and University of Northern Iowa journalism professor Christopher Martin released a report titled " Manipulating the Public Agenda : Why ACORN Was in the News , and What the News Got Wrong . "
The study looks at mainstream media coverage of ACORN during 2007 and 2008 , in advance of the presidential election .
According to the study , groundwork for the attack started being laid as early as July 2006 , when EPI released a report titled " Rotten ACORN : America 's Bad Seed . "
The report made reference to ACORN's " questionable activities " and referenced investigations into allegations of " election fraud " by the group but , Dreier and Martin 's study notes , failed to produce any evidence of convictions against ACORN .
And while it 's true ACORN workers in a number of states were accused of placing false names on voter registration cards , there has n't been one recorded instance of any attempts by anyone linked to ACORN actually trying to cast a fraudulent ballot .
That fact is confirmed by both the Harshbarger report and a report compiled by the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service .
The distinction is an important one .
As Wayne State University law professor and election expert Jocelyn Benson points out , fraudulent voter registration cards can be a time - consuming drain on the resources of the officials charged with verifying them .
Falsifying those cards is a serious crime , she says , and those doing it should be prosecuted .
But workers falsifying cards as a way to help pad pay checks is a far different matter from actually trying to change the outcome of an election .
That is something the Republican Party was accused of doing by investigative reporter Greg Palast and others following the 2000 presidential election , when Florida election officials allowed the names of thousands of voters — many of them African - American — to be wrongly removed from the rolls .
The way voting list have been purged in Michigan has also been an issue .
As Dreier and Martin pointed out in their analysis , " 85.1 percent of the stories about ACORN 's alleged involvement in voter fraud failed to note that ACORN was acting to stop incidents of registration problems by its ( mostly temporary ) employees when it became aware of these problems . "
In fact , as Guzman points out , there is an obligation to turn over all filled - out cards , whether or not fraud is suspected .
Guzman says it was ACORN 's practice to flag cards with potential problems and then notify the clerks that there was concern about them .
The problem from the GOP 's perspective is that the poor , young and minority people ACORN largely attempts to register tend to vote Democratic .
Concentrating on crucial swing states , ACORN was able to register some hundreds of thousands of new voters during the 2006 and 2008 election cycles .
That was another story the mainstream media missed almost completely .
Dreier reports : " 98.5 percent of the stories about ACORN 's alleged involvement in voter fraud failed to provide deeper context , especially efforts by Republican Party officials to use allegations of ' voter fraud ' to dampen voting by low - income and minority Americans , including the firing of U.S. attorneys who refused to cooperating with the politicization of voter fraud accusations — firings that ultimately led to the resignation of U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales . "
In October 2008 , according to published reports , the Department of Justice 's Inspector General found that U.S. Attorney David Iglesias had been improperly fired because he had refused to pursue prosecutions against the ACORN and a prominent New Mexico Democrat before the 2006 mid-term elections .
In Aug. 2009 , as Dreier and Martin also point out , the House Judiciary Committee " released over 5,000 pages of White House and Republican National Committee e-mails , along with transcripts of closed - door testimony by Karl Rove , former Bush senior advisor and deputy chief of staff , and Harriet Miers , former White House counsel .
The documents revealed that Rove played a central role in the firing of David Iglesias , the U.S. Attorney in New Mexico , for failing to help Republican election prospects by prosecuting alleged instances of voter fraud by ACORN . "
Nearly every major news organization reported on the release of the documents , the professors report .
" ... but none of them — including the Chicago Tribune , Los Angeles Times , New York Daily News , New York Times , Washington Post , and Wall Street Journal — mentioned that Rove was specifically focused on attacking ACORN for its voter registration efforts in New Mexico and other states , even though ACORN is mentioned frequently as a Republican target in investigative documents . "
As Guzman says of the national voter registration effort : " There was never any criminal or malicious intent .
Our focus was always on how we can give people a voice . "
The attempts to demonize ACORN reached a crescendo in October 2008 , when Republican candidate John McCain , in a televised debate with Obama ( whom the right was attempting to closely link with ACORN ) claimed , " We need to know the full extent of Senator Obama 's relationship with ACORN , who is now on the verge of maybe perpetrating one of the greatest frauds in voter history in this country , maybe destroying the fabric of democracy . "
It all begins to take on a sort of Alice in Wonderland quality .
Having the White House direct a campaign of intimidation and prosecution against a group dedicated to helping poor people is n't worth mentioning .
But the fact that some misguided temporary workers write down the names of cartoon characters such as Mickey Mouse on registration cards raises dire concerns that democracy itself is being threatened .
That same sort of trip through the looking glass can also be found in the response of Congress to the ( thoroughly suspect ) video escapade perpetrated by O'Keefe and Giles who — it 's worth noting — likely violated the laws in at least two states when they made their hidden - camera recordings .
A CONSTITUTIONAL QUESTION
Within weeks of the pimp and prostitute video exploding on the scene , the so - called Defund Acorn Act of 2009 passed through Congress — with only 75 House Democrats and 7 Senate Democrats opposing it — and on Oct.
1 President Obama signed it into law .
It was done despite warnings from the Congressional Research Service that in all likelihood the law would be judged unconstitutional if challenged .
The CRS indicated that language in the bill — specifically the portion that reads " None of the funds made available by this joint resolution or any prior Act may be provided to the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) or any of its affiliates , subsidiaries , or allied organizations " — violated a clause in the U.S. Constitution that prohibits what is known as a bill of attainder .
In laymen 's terms , that means the government can't single out an individual or group for punishment without a trial .
ACORN , turning to the Center for Constitutional Rights for legal help , went to court in an attempt to have the law overturned .
Two Detroit attorneys , Julie Hurwitz and Bill Goodman , played a key role in drafting the lawsuit .
In early December , Nina Gershon , a federal judge in Brooklyn , N.Y. , ruled in favor of ACORN , saying the legislation indeed violated the group 's constitutional rights .
But , according to Hurwitz , despite the judge 's ruling , federal funding to the group remains shut off , and the Obama Justice Department is fighting to keep it that way on two fronts .
On the one hand , it is arguing that Gershon 's ruling no longer applies because the language from the original bill has been inserted into a subsequent piece of legislation that Obama signed .
At the same time , it is seeking to have Gershon reconsider her ruling .
" Right now , everything is on hold , " says Hurwitz .
" And every day that passes is one more nail in the coffin in terms of ACORN 's ability to function as an organization . "
Lawyers for the group are attempting to expedite the judicial process , but they 're fighting a Justice Department that is " doing everything it can to slow things down . "
The effect , says John Atlas , who has written the soon - to - be published book about ACORN , is a " disaster for poor people . "
" This is clearly a cautionary tale about what the right - wing echo chamber is capable of doing to any progressive group in America that begins to threaten the power structure . "
But it 's not just the Fox talkers and the bloggers who amplify their rants .
It is the GOP and the corporate right as well .
It 's also a mainstream press that fails to do its job .
And then there are the Democrats who count on the votes of poor people and people of color to get elected , as well as ACORN 's supposed allies on the left .
" Both Democrats and the progressive community were largely silent during all this , " says Atlas .
" They just ran for the hills . "
Dreier says the left is already suffering as a result .
With ACORN effectively neutered for at least the time being , a crucial ally is n't able to effectively help rally the communities it serves to turn up the volume in support or the administration 's attempts to reform health care and banking laws .
" There 's real consequences of this that extend far beyond ACORN , " Dreier says .
As for Carrie Guzman , she says there 've been three or four people who have tracked her down and showed up at her house in recent days looking for the tax preparation help that ACORN is no longer around to provide .
Also lost is a planned effort to use ACORN to help with the census ; the thinking was that people who live in hard - to - count neighborhoods would know where to look and be more likely to have otherwise reluctant doors open up to them .
She 's the first to acknowledge that ACORN — like any large organization — had its share of problems .
But the benefit gained from helping give marginalized communities a voice and sense of real power far outweighed any shortcomings .
" Now , " she says , " the ACORN brand has certainly been damaged .
How irreparably , I do n't know .
But it 's certainly been damaged .
And it 's left a huge void .
Right now , I do n't see anyone else stepping up to take the lead . "
In some ways , she says , it all seems so crazy .
All these attacks on a group that has helping poor people and the disenfranchised as its goal .
What , she asks , is there to be so afraid of ?
But she knows the answer to her own question .
" We did make political change .
We did make economic change .
And some people just did n't want to see that .
I think that is the real reason we ran into so much trouble . "
Curt Guyette isnews editor .
Contact him at 313-202-804 or cguyette@metrotimes.com
There are many of us in this world who have our own original ideas , skills or products that we would like to do on our own .
For sure you would love to venture out and start yourself your own business , right ?
Now , is n’t that what we all want … ?
Nothing beats working on our own time with no demanding bosses to please and watch out for .
Hey , if you own the business you are your own boss so that means you ’ve got all the flexibility , all the opportunity and the possibility to make sure your dreams come true .
You are sure to have all these when you developed an entrepreneurial mindset .
But do you know what it takes to become an entrepreneur ?
For starters , there is also what we call the self - employed .
Maybe you ’re asking , “ what ’s the difference ?
That means you still own the business , right ? ”
Yeah , you got that precisely .
But what you probably do n’t know is that there is a major difference between a self - employed and an entrepreneur .
The difference is that an entrepreneur can still have the time to take a vacation in the Caribbean and attend the football games of their kids .
“ Come on , a self - employed person can still have that ” you might say
Again , you got the nail right in the head .
They could still do the same things basically , but BARELY .
It ’s because if they take the time off they will lose an income or prospect , that ’s why .
Entrepreneurs on the other hand are seemingly making their businesses grow effortlessly and still making growth while sharing a hotdog on the stands with his son on a Saturday morning baseball game on the park .
Just what really is their secret that allows them to have that luxury of time ?
An Entrepreneurial Mindset is the answer
Developing a mindset like that of an entrepreneur is the key to achieving that freedom from your business while at the same time making it grow and develop for yourself multiple incomes that can definitely give you that Mediterranean cruise your wife has always been bugging you about .
So the question now is , how in the world are you going to learn about the entrepreneurial mindset ?
Do n’t lose sleep over that thought !
Fill in your data in the fields below so we can help you achieve the mind - set of successful entrepreneurs by sending you an email each time we do a new blogpost !
Till Next Time ,
Elmar Sandyck
Newton was a very smart man .
As he worked on solving the problem of predicting planetary orbits , he saw that his solution was n't going to work .
To predict and understand planetary orbits requires calculus , and calculus is hard .
Not hard as in " I am going to fail math , " but hard as in " No matter what trick I play here , these equations have no solution that I can just write down . "
Newton saw this problem pretty early on , and found that given just two bodies ( e.g. , the Earth and the Moon ) , he could solve the equations and come up with orbital predictions — add in a third ( or more ) , and solutions just vanished .
As it turns out , this is a pretty general issue in physics .
Given two bodies that are interacting , the calculus is generally solvable ; once that third body turns up , solutions vanish quicker than a kid 's gratitude to Santa .
Thus was born the three - body problem and many , many horrible physics jokes .
Fast forward to 1970 and a theoretical physicist , called Efimov , who was interested in how nucleons stuck together to form a nucleus .
He discovered that under certain very restricted conditions , three nucleons could come together to form a resonant bound state — basically , the three nucleons would stick together .
Furthermore , a large number of bound states existed in a series that showed a trait called self - similarity .
Further investigation showed that if the particles were neutral and spinless , the number of resonant states would shoot up to infinity .
Forty years later , experimentalists have finally caught up with Efimov .
As Efimov noted in his original paper , the conditions that produce these resonant states were both very general ( as long as there was a resonant interaction , an Efimov state could be induced ) and very restrictive — the range of the interaction force compared to some critical length scale had to fall within a certain range of values before the series of Efimov states would emerge .
Some quick calculations showed that the states might exist in lighter nuclei , but the " series " for these nuclei would involve , at most , one state .
As a result , the search for Efimov states was limited to looking for nuclear states that , according to the shell model of nuclear physics , should n't actually exist .
That all changed in the last two decades with the the development tools for the production of ultracold atomic states .
Now we can make dilute gases that have temperatures of just a few nanoKelvin , and can control the interactions among individual atoms using an externally applied magnetic field .
This phenomena , called a Feshbach resonance , basically transfers energy between the internal states of atoms and their interactions with other atoms , changing the interaction strength .
As a result , inter - atom interactions can be changed from strongly attractive to strongly repulsive , where strong indicates a range of about three orders of magnitude .
Effectively , these clouds allow arbitrary control over inter - atom interactions — as a result , experimenters can produce conditions that allow Efimov states to exist .
Furthermore , because of the range over which the interaction forces can be tuned , a number of Efimov states can be observed , allowing Efimov 's predictions to be tested .
A few experimentalists have already tried to do this , but this latest work , from Rice University , involves a systematic exploration of Efimov states .
The experiments were mainly performed with lithium atoms , cooled to near absolute zero .
The cloud of cold atoms then has insufficient energy to allow any of the atoms to exit a trap that confines them .
When the magnetic field strength is tuned so that Efimov states can form , their formation imparts energy to the atoms that 's sufficient to kick them out of the trap .
The experimenters were then able to map out the locations of Efimov states by observing which magnetic field strengths led to atoms leaking out of the trap .
An elegant experiment , but technically quite challenging .
Efimov predicted that the separation between the states would scale by about 22.7 .
That is , if the first state occurred for an interaction strength of one , the next state would be at interaction strength 22.7 , and the state after that would be at interaction strength 515 .
Experimentalists observed that the states occurred within ten percent of the values predicted .
Most of the uncertainty was due to the fact that , towards the extremes of their observational range , they were getting very close to not satisfying the conditions under which we can calculate the location of Efimov states .
There was , excitingly , one exception to this set of data .
This is a bit subtle , but the Feshbach resonance has a shape and features to it .
These features are also expected to reoccur where the Efimov states reappear .
And they do , but they are out by a factor of two .
The scientists observe that this discrepancy appears to be universal — it occurred under a variety of different experimental conditions and for different atomic gases .
Although this observation does n't conclusively rule out experimental conditions as the cause , the physics community is quite excited to think that this might be real .
So what should we make of this ?
I liken the difference between this work and previous efforts to the difference between Abel Tasman and James Cook .
Both were explorers and made fantastic discoveries , but James Cook was absolutely fastidious in his record keeping and is the guy who is rightly remembered for providing Europe with detailed maps of the South Pacific .
And he got eaten by a group of angry Hawaiians , so who would n't want to be associated with a success like that ?
ScienceExpress , 2009 , DOI : 10.1126/science.1182840
Listing image by Argonne National Laboratory
Welcome to the Acadia University Web Census Research Project homepage at the Jodrey School of Computer Science .
The Web Census Research Project is a research project in which each IP address on the Internet is polled for a web server on the default port 80 .
If a public web server is found , the home page is downloaded ( without images ) and stored in our database .
If no home page is found , the client moves on to another IP address .
In this way , we are able to census the entire Internet to determine the number of web servers .
Once the data is stored in our database , we are able to look at that data to determine the geographical location of the web servers , the languages used , the type of data on the server ( commercial , news , sports , etc ) and other interesting information about the World Wide Web .
Thirteen boxes were held at a motorway service station in Kent Three men have been jailed for their involvement in a £ 33 m drug deal , after the UK 's largest ever heroin seizure .
Harminder Chana , 32 , was sentenced to 17 years , Abdul Rob , 30 , to 23 years and Atif Khan , 34 , to 15 and a half years .
All were from east London .
Police said the 730 lb ( 330kg ) of heroin seized in the case would have supplied more than 8,000 addicts for a year .
Thirteen boxes were held at a motorway service station in Kent in April 2008 , Kingston Crown Court had heard .
13,273 heroin seizures were made in 2008/9 61 % of all seizures weighed less than 1g At an earlier hearing Patrick Kuster , 37 , from the Netherlands , was jailed for 26 years for conspiracy to supply heroin .
Police said Kuster imported heroin from Holland via Eurotunnel , in the boot of his mother 's car .
He drove to a service station in Maidstone , Kent , where several people were due to meet him and pick up part of the drug consignment , on behalf of various syndicates .
Information led police to Chana , who was seen driving a car into M20 motorway services near Maidstone to meet Kuster and transfer boxes from one car to another .
Later , police arrested Khan in Ilford , east London , and found the keys to a " safe house " which led police to more drugs and equipment .
Items there showed Khan had a business partner called Abdul Rob , who was later accused of arranging and financing three boxes of the imported heroin .
' Trusted lieutenant '
Sentencing the men at Kingston Crown Court , Mr Justice Corcoran said heroin was a " pernicious " drug , adding : " It is interesting to note that those higher up the chain seek to distance themselves from the actual importation and handling of the drugs . "
Jailing Chana , he described him as a " trusted lieutenant " in the operation , while Khan was a " middle manager " .
Khan received a lesser sentence for pleading guilty at the first opportunity .
He told Abdul Rob : " I suspect you of being higher up the organisation . "
In 2001 Rob was given a nine - year sentence for drugs offences and was released in 2005 .
BBC correspondent Ben Ando said Rob was not directly involved with the collection .
But he was sentenced on the basis that he had made numerous calls to Khan on the day and evening of the planned drugs handover , before he realised the police had sprung a trap .
He then sent increasingly panicky and incriminating text messages to Khan .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Missed the broadcasts ?
Watch the VODs here :
Dan " Artosis " Stemkoski was a top American Terran player before beginning his casting career by covering mainly non-Korean online tournaments like Ascension .
After casting the Razer TSL in 2008 , Artosis moved to Korea and now does interviews and coverage for IEG , the media giant that sponsors the eSTRO professional gaming team .
Artosis joined Tasteless to cast Blizzcon 2008 and 2009 , as well as the WCG Grand Final this year .
Artosis is known as " The Wikipedia of StarCraft " for his comprehensive knowledge of the game .
Nick " Tasteless " Plott is regarded by many as the top English professional StarCraft commentator .
Tasteless began his career with WCG USA Finals in 2005 , and casted several other live events throughout the United States .
In 2008 , he became the first English - only caster to move to Korea , covering all seasons of GomTV's TG - Intel Classic and the WCG Grand Finals from 2005 to this year .
Tasteless also casted many events for Blizzard , including their World Wide Invitational ( since 2006 ) and Blizzcon ( since 2007 ) .
Tasteless 's nickname is the " Storm Observer " for his energy , humor , and enthusiasm .
Do you remember where you were the day they unveiled Facebook ?
No ?
How about Twitter ?
Amazon.com ?
Google Search ?
Massive , culture - shifting technologies are almost never recognized as such when first announced .
They seem unimportant and peripheral at first , but later we find ourselves relying on them every day .
One such technology was rolled out this week .
In all the noise and info -clutter of CES , with its endless announcements of new netbooks , smartbooks , tablets and 3 - D TVs -- none of which will change how people live -- few noticed Google 's unveiling Thursday of two related location services called " Near me now " and " Explore right here . "
" Near me now " is an option that appears in a Google search if you have the right kind of phone ( an iPhone or Android phone ) .
It uses the built - in GPS to rank searches based on proximity .
So , for example , if you search for " pizza , " " Near me now " ranks results based on how close they are to you .
Nice , but not that exciting .
" Explore me now " sounds innocent enough in Google 's description : " Find out more about a place ' right here ' with just a few clicks . "
The idea is that you can check out the street or the neighborhood to see what restaurants , coffee joints and movie theaters are nearby , and get quick access to reviews , operating hours and showtimes -- that sort of thing .
No big deal , right ?
Wait until you hear where all this is headed .
Google is building HP's ' Cooltown '
Back in 2001 , several stories hit the Net about the development of a concept called " Cooltown Notes . "
The concept was developed and prototyped by a Bristol University student named Alistair Mann , who collaborated with Hewlett - Packard 's labs in Bristol , U.K .
Part of the larger " Cooltown " concept at HP , the Notes idea was that messages could be associated with location .
Let 's say you eat at a restaurant and want to tell random strangers how great it was .
Just step outside , launch an application , and type your review .
When you " posted it , " you would conceptually post it to that location , invisibly in thin air .
In reality , it would simply be made accessible to others standing outside the restaurant .
Eventually , HP imagined , there would be a whole parallel Internet of user - generated content based on location .
A year and a half ago , I wrote in a blog post about the development of " virtual graffiti " or " virtual sticky notes " in development at a variety of research laboratories , including at Microsoft , Siemens , Cornell University , the University of Edinburgh and Duke University .
All these companies and universities invested millions in the development of ideas without turning them into products .
Google is the company that 's rolling it out for real .
In typical Google fashion , it 're moving into the space in a stepwise , limited way .
For example , " Near me now " and " Explore right here " are available only on two phone platforms and only in the U.S. Once Google works out the initial kinks , it 'll almost certainly increase the number of phones and countries .
It 'll also no doubt expand the kind of content that can be associated with location , from private notes to store coupons to emergency messages .
Everything is public now , but Google will likely add private and social options in the future .
Rather than setting up an entirely new and parallel commenting infrastructure , Google simply links people to restaurant reviews and similar kinds of user - generated data .
In fact , almost every aspect of these two new services already exists , from the location awareness in browsers to the ability to rank results by proximity .
Where it's all going
Google sells advertising .
As generic advertising to the masses loses its value , context - sensitive advertising will gain in value .
Sometime soon , Google will likely add to its location - aware search both advertising and alerts .
Picture yourself walking down the street and , if you 've opted in , your phone will beep .
Look at the phone , and you 'll see a virtual coupon for a free latte at the Starbucks you 're in front of .
Walk in , show them the phone and get your latte .
Keep walking down the street .
Your phone beeps again .
Your friend Stewart was here two years ago and left his family and friends a message that says this is the very spot where he met his wife .
Finally you arrive home , and as you 're walking up your front walk , the phone beeps again .
UPS came by to deliver a signature - required package .
Nobody was home , but if you " click here now , " they 'll try to deliver it by 6 p.m .
Imagine being able to filter just about any online content based on your current location .
See only Twitter tweets sent from this location .
See all Flickr photos uploaded from this location .
See the Wikipedia entry about this location .
And a thousand other things we can't imagine yet .
As it does with so many other services , Google gently eases us into transactions where we give up a little privacy and allow Google to show us some advertising .
In exchange , we get cool free services .
" Near me now " and " Explore right here " are useful now but will transform human culture later on .
So , where were you when Google rolled out this culture - changing technology ?
Do n't worry if you do n't remember .
Google knows .
Mike Elgan writes about technology and global tech culture .
Contact Mike at mike.elgan@elgan.com , follow him on Twitter or his blog , The Raw Feed .
An $ 18 million crop of cannabis has been found growing in a national park on the NSW Mid North Coast .
More than 9000 plants were growing on two leased properties in the remote Chaelundi National Park , about halfway between Grafton and Dorrigo .
On Wednesday morning police officers from Strike Force Morison , formed to investigate the matter , found two men aged 61 and 37 watering the crop , police said .
Police raided the property and arrested the men , as well as one other man , aged 52 , who was found on a track leading into the property .
The 37 - year - old and 61 - year - old were charged with cultivating cannabis greater than a commercial quantity .
They were refused bail in court yesterday and will reappear at Coffs Harbour Local Court on March 9 .
The 52 - year - old was charged with revocation of a parole warrant .
The national park holds the largest stand of old - growth forest in NSW , the State Government says .
In one of my posts on type level meta programming in Scala the question of Turing completeness came up already .
The question is whether Scala ’s type system can be used to force the Scala compiler to carry out any calculation which a Turing machine is capable of .
Various of my older posts show how Scala ’s type system can be used to encode addition and multiplication on natural numbers and how to encode conditions and bounded loops .
Motivated by the blog post More Scala Typehackery which shows how to encode a version of the Lambda calculus which is limited to abstraction over a single variable in Scala ’s type system I set out to further explore the topic .
The SKI combinator calculus
Looking for a calculus which is relatively small , easily encoded in Scala ’s type system and known to be Turing complete I came across the SKI combinator calculus .
The SKI combinators are defined as follows :
,
,
.
They can be used to encode arbitrary calculations .
For example reversal of arguments .
Let .
Then
.
Self application is used to find fixed points .
Let for some combinator .
Then .
That is , is a fixed point of .
This can be used to achieve recursion .
Let be the reversal combinator from above .
Further define
for some combinator and
.
That is , combinator is the combinator obtained by applying its argument to the combinator .
( There is a bit of cheating here : I should actually show that such combinators exist .
However since the SKI calculus is Turing complete , I take this for granted . )
Now let be in from above ( That is we have now ) .
Then
and by induction
.
Type level SKI in Scala
Encoding the SKI combinator calculus in Scala ’s type system seems not too difficult at first .
It turns out however that some care has to be taken regarding the order of evaluation .
To guarantee that for all terms which have a normal form , that normal form is actually found , a lazy evaluation order has to be employed .
Here is a Scala type level encoding of the SKI calculus :
trait Term { type ap[x <: Term ] <:
Term type eval <: Term } //
The S combinator trait S extends Term { type ap[x <: Term ] = S1 [ x ] type eval =
S } trait S1[x <: Term ] extends
Term { type ap[y <: Term ] = S2[ x , y ] type eval = S1 [ x ] } trait S2[ x <: Term , y <: Term ] extends
Term { type ap[z <: Term ] = S3[x , y , z ] type eval = S2[ x , y ] } trait S3[x <: Term , y <: Term , z <: Term ] extends
Term { type ap [v <: Term ] = eval # ap [ v ] type eval = x # ap [ z ] # ap [ y # ap [ z ] ] #eval } //
The K combinator trait K extends Term { type ap[x <: Term ] = K1 [ x ] type eval = K } trait K1[x <: Term ] extends
Term { type ap[y <: Term ] = K2[ x , y ] type eval = K1 [ x ] } trait K2[ x <: Term , y <: Term ] extends
Term { type ap[z <: Term ] = eval # ap [ z ] type eval = x#eval } //
The I combinator trait I extends Term { type ap[x <: Term ] = I1 [ x ] type eval =
I } trait I1[x <: Term ] extends
Term { type ap[y <: Term ] = eval # ap [y ] type eval = x#eval }
Further lets define some constants to act upon .
These are used to test whether the calculus actually works .
trait c extends
Term { type ap[x <: Term ] = c type eval = c } trait d extends Term { type ap[x <: Term ] = d type eval = d } trait e extends Term { type ap[x <: Term ] = e type eval = e }
Eventually the following definition of Equals lets us check types for equality :
case class Equals [ A >: B <: B , B ] ( ) Equals [ Int , Int ] // compiles fine Equals [ String , Int ] // wo n't compile
Now lets see whether we can evaluate some combinators .
// Ic -> c Equals [ I#ap[ c ] #eval , c ] // Kcd -> c Equals [ K#ap[c ] #ap[ d ] #eval , c ] // KKcde -> d Equals [ K#ap [ K ] #ap[ c ] #ap[d ] #ap[e ] #eval , d ] // SIIIc -> Ic Equals [ S#ap [ I ] # ap [ I ] # ap [ I ] #ap [ c ] #eval , c ] // SKKc -> Ic Equals [ S#ap [ K ] #ap [ K ] #ap[c ] #eval , c ] // SIIKc -> KKc Equals [ S#ap [ I ] # ap [ I ] # ap [ K ] #ap [ c ] #eval , K#ap [ K ] #ap [ c ] #eval ] // SIKKc -> K( KK ) c Equals [ S#ap [ I ] # ap [ K ] # ap [ K ] #ap [ c ] #eval , K#ap [ K#ap [ K ] ] #ap[ c ] #eval ] // SIKIc -> KIc Equals [ S#ap [ I ] # ap [ K ] # ap [ I ] #ap [ c ] #eval , K#ap [ I ] # ap [ c ] #eval ] // SKIc -> Ic Equals [ S#ap [ K ] #ap [ I ] #ap[ c ] #eval , c ] // R = S ( K( SI ) ) K ( reverse ) type R = S#ap [ K#ap [ S#ap [ I ] ] ] # ap [ K ] Equals [ R#ap [ c ] # ap [ d ] #eval , d#ap [ c ] #eval ]
Finally lets check whether we can do recursion using the fixed point operator from above .
First lets define .
// b(a ) = S ( Ka ) ( SII ) type b[ a <: Term ] = S#ap [ K#ap[a ] ] # ap [ S#ap [ I ] #ap [ I ] ]
Further lets define some of the s from above .
trait A0 extends
Term { type ap[x <: Term ] = c type eval = A0 } trait A1 extends Term { type ap[x <: Term ] = x#ap [ A0 ] #eval type eval = A1 } trait A2 extends Term { type ap[x <: Term ] = x#ap [ A1 ] #eval type eval = A2 }
Now we can do iteration on the type level using a fixed point combinator :
// Single iteration type NN1 = b [ R ] #ap [ b [ R ] ] #ap [ A0 ] Equals [ NN1#eval , c ] // Double iteration type NN2 = b [ R ] #ap [ b [ R ] ] #ap [ A1 ] Equals [ NN2#eval , c ] // Triple iteration type NN3 = b [ R ] #ap [ b [ R ] ] #ap [ A2 ] Equals [ NN3#eval , c ]
Finally lets check whether we can do ‘ unbounded ’ iteration .
trait An extends Term { type ap[x <: Term ] = x#ap [ An ] #eval type eval =
An } // Infinite iteration : Smashes scalac 's stack type NNn = b [ R ] #ap [ b [ R ] ] # ap [ An ] Equals [ NNn#eval , c ]
Well , we can 😉
$ scalac SKI.scala Exception in thread " main " java.lang.StackOverflowError at scala.tools.nsc.symtab.Types$SubstMap.apply( Types.scala:3165 ) at scala.tools.nsc.symtab.Types$SubstMap.apply( Types.scala:3136 ) at scala.tools.nsc.symtab.Types$TypeMap.mapOver(Types.scala:2735 )
In the second part of this article we look at 10 more fighters who were cut from the UFC ’s roster in 2009 , and discover what they have been doing since .
If you missed it then you can read the first part of the article here .
—
Luigi Fioravanti
Welterweight fighter Lugi Fioravanti failed to make a winning start to his UFC career back at UFN 4 in 2006 , losing by unanimous decision against Chris Leben .
Two quick wins over Solomon Hutcherson and Dave Menne got him back on track later that year though .
His form became patchy in the next couple of years as he claimed victories over Luke Cummo and Brodie Faber , while losing out to tougher opposition such as Diego Sanchez and Jon Fitch .
A final loss to Anthony Johnson in February of 2009 left his octagon record at 4 - 5 , and put an end to his three year run in the UFC .
“ The Italian Tank ” has kept busy since , fighting three times in the last six months .
He claimed a first round KO victory over the experienced Fabricio Nascimento in June , but then suffered the first knockout loss of his career against UFC and WEC fighter John Alessio in October .
In December he got back on track with a decision win over Aldric Cassata .
While there is no indication of a return to the UFC at this stage , there appears to be no shortage of smaller promotions looking to acquire his services .
—
David Loiseau
Canadian fighter David Loiseau has fought on and off for the UFC since April 2003 , when he defeated Mark Weir at UFC 42 .
In his second spell in the promotion he challenged for the middleweight belt , losing to Rich Franklin , and was released after dropping a unanimous decision to Mike Swick in his next fight .
In April of this year he had a third opportunity in the UFC , taking on Ed Herman , but a disappointing performance led to another defeat .
Once again Loiseau was cut from the roster , leaving him 4 - 4 during his time in the octagon .
Though the likelihood of another call back now seems remote , the 30 year old has n’t given up hope .
He has focused more of his training on his ground game , and though he has n’t fought since the April defeat , he is believed to have attended the try - outs for the 11th season of The Ultimate Fighter in October .
Filming for the season begins in January .
Also on the horizon for Loiseau is a forthcoming documentary called ‘ The Striking Truth ’ , which also features his friend Georges St. Pierre , and follows the fighters through the ups and downs in their careers in recent years .
—
Xavier Foupa - Pokam
Foupa - Pokam , or ‘ Professor X’ , as he is more commonly known , had compiled a 20 - 8 record , and a seven fight winning streak prior to signing with the UFC , but his experience failed to help him make an impact in the octagon .
His debut at UFC 97 in April ended in defeat to Denis Kang by unanimous decision , and then , perhaps overly eager to get back to winning ways , he stepped in at short notice to fight Drew McFredries at UFC 98 just a month later .
A TKO loss in just 37 seconds brought an abrupt end to his brief stint in the UFC .
In December Professor X headlined the Tachi Palace Fights 2 event , his first fight since his release from the UFC .
He faced 23 - 13 Anthony Ruis who exploited his achilles heel – his ground game – and handed the French striker his third defeat in a row .
The loss leaves Foupa - Pokum ’s record at 20 - 11 , and any hopes of a quick return to the UFC dashed .
—
Junie Browning
One of the most controversial characters to emerge from The Ultimate Fighter , Junie Browning ’s bark proved worse than his bite on season 8 of the show as he struggled to make his way to the semi-finals before being eliminated .
At the season finale he notched up his first official win for the promotion , putting on a solid striking display against Dave Kaplan .
In April he came up against stiffer opposition in Cole Miller , and was submitted in the opening round .
Though he appeared to have mellowed since his time on the TUF show , it became apparent later in the year that all was not well with the fighter .
In October he was arrested after overdosing on anti-anxiety drugs and attacking three nurses who attended to him in hospital .
On hearing the news the UFC immediately cut the troubled fighter from the roster .
After issue an apology for his actions , Browning returned to fighting in late November , defeating Scott Cornwell ( 1 - 1 ) by triangle choke in the first round at the MMA Big Show event .
Post - fight antics which included a foul mouthed speech directed at the fans in attendance suggested that the fighter has not learned from his mistakes , and may be burning any potential bridge back to the UFC .
—
Mike Ciesnolevicz
An experienced campaigner in the IFL , Mike Ciesnolevicz signed with the UFC in early 2009 , and was quickly called into action as a late replacement for Justin McCully against Neil Grove at UFC 95 .
It meant a move up to heavyweight , but he still claimed victory in just 63 seconds by heel hook .
In his next bout in June he was again called in at short notice , this time to fight at light heavyweight against Tomasz Drwal .
He failed to make weight , forcing the bout to be scheduled at a 208lb catchweight .
After losing to strikes with just two seconds of the first round left he found himself cut from the roster .
Ciesnolevicz , now 17 - 4 , has n’t fought since , but has earned a black belt in the Milletich Fighting Systems , and a purple belt in BJJ .
He also has two fights lined up in smaller promotions in the early months of 2010 , both at heavyweight , and told MMAweekly recently that he has his eye on either a return to the UFC , or a crack at Strikeforce if an offer arises .
—
Tim Boetsch
The Barbarian ’ made an immediate impression in his octagon debut in early 2008 , throwing David Heath around like a ragdoll while using some unorthadox strikes derived from his background in ‘ Jeet Kune Do ’ , to claim a first round victory .
He struggled to maintain that form in his later fights though , and after a unanimous decision loss to Jason Brilz at UFC 96 in July took his UFC record to 2 - 2 , he found himself out of the promotion .
After his release Boetsch began training with Matt Hume , and fought at King Of The Cage in August , defeating Team Quest member Aaron Stark by guillotine choke .
The result took his overall record to 9 - 3 .
Boetsch left the UFC on good terms , and he has stated that a few wins might be enough to earn himself a recall to the promotion .
There ’s certainly still some interest in this fighter among fans , and at 28 years of age we may not have seen the last of him in either the UFC , or perhaps even Strikeforce .
—
Eddie Sanchez
Heavyweight contender Eddie Sanchez fought for over three years in the UFC , starting off with a victory over Mario Neto at UFC 63 in 2006 .
He then welcomed Mirko Cro Cop to the UFC in early 2007 , tasting defeat in the first round .
He boosted his record with two victories later that year , but losses to Antoni Hardonk and Justin McCully the following year , taking his UFC record to 3 - 3 , prompted the company to release him .
Bellator Fighting Championships was the first port of call for the heavy handed striker after his release , and he made short work of his opponent Jay White ( 4 - 6 ) , knocking him out in just 10 seconds – the fastest KO in the promotions brief history .
He has since picked up two additional wins in Mexico and Puerto Rico , taking his record to 11 - 3 .
If he continues to win at his current rate then a return to the UFC ca n’t be ruled out , but having already lost out to some of the fighters who dwell in the lower regions of the heavyweight division he will have to work hard to prove his worth .
A more likely destination may be Bellator who are rumored to be considering a heavyweight tournament for their third season in 2010 .
—
Josh Neer
Making his UFC debut in the original Ultimate Fight Night card back in August , 2005 , Josh ‘ The Dentist ’
Neer has fought a total of 10 times for the company .
Along the way he has defeated notable fighters like Melvin Guillard , Joe Stevenson , Din Thomas and Mac Danzig .
Back to back defeat to Josh Burkman and Nick Diaz in 2006 ended his run in the UFC , before returning in 2008 .
Having lost three of his last four fights to Nate Diaz , Kurt Pellegrino and Gleison Tibau , ‘ The Dentist ’ again found himself cut free in October .
Neer begins plotting his return back to the big stage on January 8th when he faces Matt Delanoit ( 6 - 8 ) in the main event of regional promotion MAX Fights ‘ Ballroom Brawl IV ’ in Iowa .
It ’s worth noting that despite an established record of 25 - 9 - 1 , Neer is still just 26 years old .
When given the chance Neer is known to be an exciting fighter , and that will aid his chances of a return to the UFC in the future , despite now holding a losing record of 4 - 6 inside the octagon .
Having done so before he may be happy to once again fight in the smaller promotions until the UFC come calling again .
If they do n’t then other promotions like Strikeforce and WEC would seem like realistic alternatives .
—
Jake Rosholt
A highly regarded wrestler , Jake Rosholt found himself in the UFC just five fights into his pro career when the WEC ’s middleweight division was dissolved just one fight into his contract .
In February of this year he had his promotional debut at UFN 17 , losing out to tough opposition in Dan Miller .
In August he picked up both his first win in the UFC , and a ‘ Submission Of The Night ’ award against Chris Leben .
After starting strongly against Kendall Grove in November at UFC 106 , Rosholt was caught in a triangle choke which ended the fight , and , surprisingly to some , also ended his brief spell with the promotion .
Rosholt could be seen as a classic example of a fighter who found himself on the big show a little too early in his MMA career .
Acknowledging this fact the 27 year old has stated his desire to gain more fight experience in the hope of a return to the UFC in the future .
He appears to have ruled out signing with a rival promotion for the time being so that it does not hinder his chances of re-signing with the company at a later date .
While he was a little unlucky to be cut from the roster , a stint in the smaller regional promotions may be a good move for Rosholt .
With a few wins and some valuable experience under his belt in 2010 , a return to the UFC would seem to be an achievable goal .
—
Karo Parisyan
As established a fighter as any that were dropped in 2009 , Karo Parisyan has notched up 12 fights in the octagon since 2003 , when he won by Kimura against Dave Strasser at UFC 42 .
The highly regarded Judo player ’s best spell ocurred between 2004 - 2006 when he went four fights unbeaten in the promotion against Nick Diaz , Chris Lytle , Matt Serra and Nick Thompson .
He has come undone against some of the top fighters in the welterweight division during his six year tour of duty however , losing to Georges St. Pierre , Diego Sanchez and Thiago Alves .
Parisyan has hit on hard times in the last couple of years , with an addiction to painkillers along with being diagnosed with panic attacks having a major impact on his career .
It forced him to pull out of a fight with Yoshiyuki Yoshida at UFC 88 days before the fight , and then caused a victory over Kim Dong - Hyun to be overturned at UFC 94 in January after he tested positive for banned painkillers .
After serving a nine month suspension the final straw came at UFC 106 in November when he pulled out of yet another fight ( against Dustin Hazelett ) at short notice .
A furious Dana
White told reporters that at the pre-fight press conference that Parisyan would never fight in the UFC again .
Despite holding an impressive winning record of 8 - 3 ( 1NC ) in the UFC , 18 - 5 ( 1nc ) overall , Parisyan ’s future in the sport remains uncertain .
Since being released the fighter has issued a public apology for the problems he has caused and vowed to return to fighting .
First though the troubled star has to fight his own inner demons .
There have been mixed reports regarding whether he is still addicted to painkillers , and it may be that he requires treatment for his problems before he can move forward in his career .
that aside , unlike many of the other fighters who find themselves out of favor with the UFC , Parisyan does n’t have to prove his ability , but rather his reliability in other promotions if he wants to mend bridges and negotiate a return in the longer term .
—
Do n’t forget that If you missed it the first time round you can read the first part of the article here .
—
Article by RossC
Pictures courtesy of sherdog.com
Come on in , the water 's freezing : Amazing underwater photos show beluga whales meeting divers at Arctic rehabilitation farm
They do n’t get visitors in these parts that often .
That ’s because these beluga whales live under three feet of ice in the freezing waters of northern Russia ’s White Sea .
But when some underwater photographers arrived , they certainly were n’t shy - as these stunning images show .
The whales are not endangered but under threat from pollution and loss of habitat .
Up close : A beluga whale , Delphinapterus leucas , eyes a diver a few feet away as it swims under ice at the Arctic circle Dive Center in the White Sea , Karelia , northern Russia
They are thriving , however , at this whale sanctuary , where a natural bay under the ice provides a haven from the strong currents of the wider ocean .
The ' natural farm ' acts as a nursery for breeding whales , as well as acting as a rehabilitation centre for former performing animals before they are set into the wild .
Photographer Franco Banfi , who took these shots after his team carved through the ice with a handsaw , said : ‘ When a whale comes up to us and swims by , it looks you right in the eyes .
Sometimes , I ’m sure they ’re trying to figure out what we are and where we came from .
‘ I ’ve always been driven to take photographs of animals one hardly ever sees . ’
The whale sanctuary was designed and built by marine biologists from St Petersburg University .
Occasionally , guests at the local Arctic Circle Dive Centre can swim with the friendly giants , and get close enough to touch .
Arctic diver and photographer , Franco Banfi , 58 , who captured these shots said : ' When a whale comes up to us and swims by , it looks you right in the eyes .
Obviously we do n't know what they think , but they are very curious creatures .
Close encounter : A scuba diver braves temperatures of - 10C to approach the whale
' Sometimes , I 'm sure they 're trying to figure out what we are and where we came from .
' As photographer , I 've always been driven to bring photographs of animals one hardly ever sees to a printed page . '
But while the beluga , or white whale , is built for these harsh surroundings , the diving team face extremely tough conditions to get close to the gentle creatures .
Before each dive the team have to create holes in the three - foot - deep ice using a hand saw , just to get through to the sea below .
Once they 're in they have to swim around in heavy layers of clothes to keep alive in the - 10C waters .
Open wide :
The whale tries to eat the camera , unsure of what it is
And it 's definitely a case of choosing the short straw for one volunteer who gets to stay above ground in - 30C winds , making sure the ice hole does n't freeze over and trap the group .
' Photographing a story in very cold water can turn into a logistical nightmare , ' admits Franco .
' But , if we are well trained , the underwater part of things is not really as harsh as you might think . '
' When we come out on land , temperatures can get down to - 10C or - 20 C and things will instantly freeze , so we can barely move .
' Cold itself will not hurt the equipment , but it may slow down some of its functions as well as our own .
Safe :
The animals in the natural farm are a mix of wild animals and former performing animals , who are allowed to rehabilitate in the safe environment before being released into the ocean
' Because of the ice - layer and snow cover , there is not sufficient light to shoot with ambient light and batteries lose their charge more quickly in cold weather . '
Franco added that he was keen to show the beauty of the undersea world to those who can't face the icy deep themselves .
' As photographer , I 've always been driven to bring photographs of animals one hardly ever sees to a printed page , ' he said .
' I want to see these amazing animals in a way that only a few people have seen and I want to share it with others . '
Hot on the Web
Shelves stacked with GM foods By Shan Juan ( China Daily )
Updated : 2010-02-12 07:47
Call for mandatory labeling of products to protect consumers
Although the typical Chinese kitchen is now likely to have many food ingredients that have been genetically modified ( GM ) , awareness of the issue remains poor among the public , the latest online survey has found .
A chef displays a dish made from genetically modified potatoes in Wuhan , Hubei province .
[ Photo / Joe Stephen ]
More than 55 percent of the nearly 1,000 respondents said they had scarce knowledge of GM food , the survey conducted by China Daily and Sohu.com showed last week .
At least 52 percent said they were unaware of the prevalence of GM food in their lives .
" Genetically modified products such as papaya , soybean oil , tomatoes and potatoes have been largely available in the country 's market since early 2000 , " said Professor Jiang Gaoming of the Chinese Academy of Sciences ' Institute of Botany .
As these products are relatively cheaper than non-GM food , people are eating them without being aware of what they are consuming , he said .
A survey conducted by Greenpeace China last year showed a large majority of the papaya sold in major Chinese cities like Beijing and Shanghai was genetically modified .
" Worse , they are not labeled , " Fang Lifeng , spokesman of Greenpeace China 's GM program , told China Daily Wednesday .
In the latest survey , 73 percent of those polled said they would check the GM status of products while shopping for food , while nearly 67 percent said they were unsatisfied with the current level of GM labeling .
" When I shop for soy oil , I always find it hard to spot the GM label , which usually appears in small print , " said food safety - conscious Wang Yi , 31 , a white - collar worker in Beijing .
Relating that her mother is unaccustomed to checking on the status of GM food , Wang added : " For her , price is the top concern when choosing food . "
China leads the world in public biotech crop research , experts said .
GM crops in the field trial stage include rice , wheat , corn , soybeans , potatoes , cabbage and tobacco .
GM cotton also accounts for 30 percent of the country 's cotton acreage , official statistics showed .
Under such circumstances , public awareness of GM food should be largely improved , particularly its potential negative impact on health and the environment , Fang urged .
" Despite the relatively lower price of GM food , people should be equipped with the knowledge , both positive and negative , when choosing what to eat , " he said .
Internationally , advocacy groups have strongly opposed GM technology being put in the human food chain , citing its unforeseeable impact .
Studies also found GM food damaged laboratory rats fed with these ingredients .
In response to food safety and health concerns , nearly 88 percent of those polled said they would choose traditional food over the GM variety , the latest survey showed .
However , Yang Xiaoguang , a food nutrition expert with the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention , thought otherwise .
" GM food is safer than ordinary food in terms of pesticide residue , " he explained .
GM plants are often created to resist disease and eliminate the need for pesticides .
Their perceived advantages , such as a hardier texture , higher nutritional value and faster growth , create a type of " superfood , " studies showed .
Worldwide , 70 percent of soy , 46 percent of cotton and 24 percent of corn are genetically modified .
Due to concerns over consumer rights , at least 35 countries and regions including China , Australia , the EU , Japan and Indonesia have adopted mandatory labeling for any product that has been genetically modified .
China 's labeling regulation stipulates that all products containing GM ingredients including seeds , animal feed and food should be labeled under the framework of the Biosafety Regulation of GMOs in Agriculture , first announced in June 2001 by the Ministry of Agriculture .
" The regulation , however , is poorly enforced as many GM products are sold without labeling at all , " Jiang said .
" A lack of strict management and the absence of a monitoring mechanism is largely to blame , " he acknowledged .
Other reasons include the lack of a cost - effective method for detecting GM products with sufficient sensitivity , coupled with business concerns that labeling would result in lower competitiveness , said Professor Wang Canfa of the China University of Political Science and Law .
" Given that GM products like soybean oil , papaya , tomatoes , potatoes and tobacco are now widespread in China , the labeling rule , which is about consumer choice and rights , should be forcefully and strictly implemented , " he said .
He also called on the government to further regulate GM labeling , including having these details prominently displayed on packaging , so consumers could choose whether to buy those items .
GM's Lutz : Higher gas tax would help
DETROIT ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Bob Lutz is generally not a close ally of environmentalists .
The vice chairman of General Motors is a frequent critic of fuel economy rules and once declared that global warming was a " total crock " of excrement , although he used a more common and colorful word in that description .
Digg
Buzz Up !
Email
Print
GM Vice Chairman Bob Lutz with Chevrolet 's electric hybrid Volt .
Lutz also declared in 2004 that hybrid cars did n't make sense to sell or buy .
And just this week , as he and GM were hyping the new electric Chevrolet Volt , at Detroit 's North American International Auto Show , he declared that internal combustion engines would dominate the auto industry for the next 20 years , no matter what advances were made in electric vehicles .
So Bob Lutz would n't seem a likely candidate to argue for significantly higher gasoline taxes , or to suggest that such taxes would be a good thing for the auto industry .
But in a meeting with journalists at the auto show Monday , he did just that .
" If the rise in gasoline prices is gradual , I think that all of us in the industry would frankly welcome that , because there is nothing more illogical than forcing fuel - saving technology when gasoline is extremely cheap , " he said when asked about any concerns about oil again rising above $ 80 a barrel .
Lutz was asked if that means he would favor higher gasoline taxes , as in Europe where taxes drive fuel to more than $ 5 a gallon .
He said he could n't speak for GM , but he said he saw a lot of value in a steady tax rise to much higher levels .
" You either continue with inexpensive motor fuels and have to find other ways to incent the customer to buy hybrids and electric vehicles , such as the government credits , " he said .
" Or the other alternative is a gradual increase in the federal fuel tax of 25 cents a year , which in my estimation would have the benefit of giving automobile companies a planning base , and giving families that own vehicles a planning base . "
Lutz said if a car buyer knew that gas that costs $ 2.75 a gallon today would likely go to $ 3 next year and $ 3.25 the year after that , it would prompt some buyers to say : " You know sweetheart -- this time we should go one size down because we know what fuel is going to do . "
The biggest problem hitting automakers from rising gas prices , Lutz said , is the fact that consumer preferences change suddenly when gas prices rise and fall , which makes it impossible to match supply of vehicles to demand .
" Every time gas prices go back down , everybody starts buying big stuff again .
Gas prices go up a buck , the big stuff is unsellable and everyone wants small cars .
Go figure , " he said .
" It 's like the collective memory is about three weeks long .
We can't run a business that way . "
But the chances of Washington following Lutz 's recommendation are slim to none , let alone his finding support for his argument elsewhere in Detroit .
Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood , who spoke at the auto show Monday morning , said that the Obama administration was not considering any rise in gasoline taxes .
And House Speaker Nancy Pelosi also dismissed the idea at a press conference at the show Monday afternoon , saying there was no support in Congress for an increase gas tax .
Lutz said he 's not surprised the idea is n't likely to go anywhere .
" Fuel taxation is the third rail of politics , " he said .
Experience , flirting , first date , first kiss ... this is certainly growing , most novels .
First , it is innocent kiss when meeting and parting , then a real sensual kiss , then kisses gentle , warm , passionate , exciting , erotic , infinite .
Kiss - is not a simple expression of feelings , is an inexhaustible source of new pleasures , helping to establish more solid connection between lovers .
A bit of history
Modern man takes the kiss as something quite natural and absolute , but usually we kiss in the usual sense is not known in the traditional culture of many nations in Africa , Asia , America and Australia .
Amazon Indians would have been shocked candor kiss on the lips .
The island has not yet tsiluyutsya Points , but only lightly touch people .
In Tahiti dance and noses rubbing covers .
Inuit itch cheeks and dotorkuyutsya each other tongues .
African nations say kiss violation of personal hygiene .
Manifestation of feelings expressed in their handshake .
Man shows his love , clutching his beloved thumb .
And some African nations kiss prohibited by religious reasons .
They believe that a kiss can take a shower .
Despite this , the history of kiss old as the world .
Various erotic images that come to us from the ancient civilizations of Egypt , China , Greece , and especially India , kisses abound in the most intricate postures .
The ancients thought that in this way , " sniffed " friend in the second part of his loving heart .
In regard to the mythological kiss symbolizes the merger of human souls
Very romantic theory of Plato .
In its filing , the person originally had the form of bullets , four legs and four hands , connecting a male and half female .
But this creature was so arrogantly , that led to the anger of Zeus himself , and was divided in two .
Only kiss the parts vozz ' yednuyutsya and find harmony .
The most perfect kiss
There are many options for a kiss .
In the famous book about the art of love - Kama Sutra - Kissing the mouth divided into several types .
Just kissing lips called NYMTA .
Kisses from the use of fingers - AVAHAKUMNBANA .
Kisses from the use of language - SAMAYANA .
Kissing Game - YUDHA .
We use one or another type of kiss , depending on the specific situation and partner .
However , statistics on one of the most popular is the French kiss .
The term " French kiss " came in the Russian language as an element of French culture that has always been considered most closely related to the theme of love .
French kiss always implies contact tongues partners .
Sometimes both are the tongue , sometimes - only one .
Not necessarily always a partner to explore the mouth his tongue .
When you kiss in French languages , partners should at least once , for a second touch each other .
It was the scene of the French kiss heroes movie or a detailed description of a kiss in the book makes our heart to feel stronger and light violation .
In addition , the French kiss allows us to understand - whether it is suitable partner for serious relationships .
Only a French kiss to " feel " partner - the sincerity of his relations , the degree of violation .
In France this is called the kiss " kiss shower , thus expressing the highest degree of unification of two loving hearts to kiss
But this does not mean that everything should kiss only in French .
Some people do not perceive the french kissing .
Of course , this matter of taste , but should not put a cross on such a good lesson .
Please try again with another partner that can actually reveal to you all the charm of this magical kiss .
Over time .
To learn how to kiss properly ?
Clean out all begin with different kisses his lips , when the slightly open mouth .
When partners nasolodyatsya tenderness to each other , it can slightly posmoktaty her upper lip , while she pokusuye his lower lip .
When you have expended and is fun , try the more open mouth and tongue itself penetrate towards the other tongue .
If the girl still does not meet the partner and not feel her tongue should wait a bit and try again after some time , pointing to another kiss or kissing her neck , face , mochku soup .
When finally your tongues meet , do not be surprised if you feel that pressure rebounded , hands were wet , but the heart of Dress zakolotylosya .
You feel like your soul connected to one , while the tip of the tongue you play with her tongue .
There 's no need to hurry - all just beginning .
Here is already a full flight of your imagination !
To kiss out exciting and enjoyable for both partners is important - put him in his life and love
Technology kiss in French says : infiltrates in her mouth , touch her tongue to tongue , pohladte his tip of his tongue at the top and bottom , wake tongue teeth , gums , tongue play with it , it quickly by clicking on the tip of the tongue .
Start with light torkan the tip of the tongue , sometimes a simple touch makes a huge pleasure .
And you can rub tongues , and prysmoktuvaty pokusuvaty them ... all you want .
Tongue - very lively body of the human body with multiple receptors , they can create miracles .
Here the main thing - creativity and surprise .
The force with which you " upyvayetesya in lips partner , tongue movements and games depending on your degree of closeness and passion incandescences .
Changing the leader in language games , watch a French kiss with the other options - turn passionate kisses with closed lips , with kisses and posmoktuvannyam pokusuvannyam lips , vacuum kiss , tongues playing without touch the lips ...
There are an infinite number of possibilities .
And if you add this postohnuvannya on sheptannya tender or passionate words , and other pleasant caress , the partners will get the thrill and most will not notice how naturally they will reach a whole new stage of relations .
Do not forget the kisses and love during the occupation !
French Kissing helps to be closer to each other , kiss you to understand that , why would you want out .
Yes , prysmoktuyuchy language partner , a woman can tell him you want her rhythm .
And exciting games tongues help to move to other more intimate caress .
What to do with his hands during the French kiss ?
Anything : water them along the back of your partner or partner , gently pohladzhuyte Hair , taking the hair with your fingers , hold them gently on the face , take on the chin and turn it into an easy person to kiss direction , embracing for the shoulders , neck , hands opovyyte , holding each other hands .
Can enhance the pleasure of a kiss in French in any flavor ?
Sure .
Before the kiss drink iced tea or something else that has a pleasant taste , your dancer will feel it when you start kissing in French .
Then comes her turn to something to drink , that you too have felt a pleasant taste .
You can experiment with different kinds of ice cream , it gives you a pleasant feeling of intoxicating freshness
Why should not I do the French kiss ?
*
Too much push the tongue .
Some guys are so far drew his tongue , if want to stop up the dam that broke .
Girls often find it vulgar and unpleasant .
In addition , it prevents just breathe !
*
Concede too abundant salivation .
Try to learn to curb the flow of saliva to keep your partner to choke .
Better to swallow their own saliva approximately once per minute during a French kiss .
*
Pet a hungry fish .
Some so zealously trying to show their passion for running your mouth like a fish , zakovtuvaty .
It looks stupid and may cause laughter or irritation .
*
Cycles only in the French kiss .
However this was not a perfect kiss , you can not kiss only in French .
Any couple can utomytysya from regular kisses with his tongue .
Often a girl wants to feel tenderness and tremtlyvist from which it elected to put it .
And then better prefer more cleanly kiss some lips .
First published Fri Jan 26 , 2007 ; substantive revision Wed Jul 30 , 2014
Given the extreme importance that Wittgenstein attached to the aesthetic dimension of life , it is in one sense surprising that he wrote so little on the subject .
It is true that we have the notes assembled from his lectures on aesthetics given to a small group of students in private rooms in Cambridge in the summer of 1938 ( Wittgenstein 1966 ) and we have G. E. Moore 's record of some of Wittgenstein 's lectures in the period 1930 – 33 ( Moore 1972 ) .
Of Wittgenstein's own writings , we find remarks on literature , poetry , architecture , the visual arts , and especially music and the philosophy of culture more broadly scattered throughout his writings on the philosophies of language , mind , mathematics , and philosophical method , as well as in his more personal notebooks ; a number of these are collected in Culture and Value ( Wittgenstein 1980 ) .
In another sense , it is not surprising at all , precisely because of the central position he gave to the aesthetic : in writing about questions of meaning , as he did throughout his life from the earliest pre-Tractatus ( Wittgenstein 1961 , 1971 ) writings to the remarks from the last weeks of his life in On Certainty ( Wittgenstein 1969 ) , in writing about perception , as he did in Part II of Philosophical Investigations ( Wittgenstein 1958 ) , Remarks on the Philosophy of Psychology , Volumes I and II ( Wittgenstein 1980a , 1980 b ) , and Last Writings on the Philosophy of Psychology , volume I ( Wittgenstein 1982 ) , and in writing about the contextual prerequisites to the emergence of sense in his philosophy of mind and language ( in ( Wittgenstein 1958 ) as well as his writings on the philosophy of mathematics ) , he was writing — if at one remove — about aesthetics .
For questions of meaning , of perception , and of sense are all clearly central to aesthetic experience , and the writing he undertook on these subjects holds significance for questions of artistic meaning and interpretation that is still being explored and articulated ( Lewis 2004 , Dauber and Jost 2003 , Gibson and Huemer 2004 ) .
Wittgenstein placed the aesthetic , not on a distant periphery of philosophical subjects , but then not at the center of a grouping of such interests either — for then it would still be a subject area unto itself .
Rather , Wittgenstein interweaves the subject 's various and variegated strands throughout his writing in a way that in some cases shows explicitly , and in many more cases suggests implicitly , the layered interconnections between aesthetic considerations and every other area of philosophy upon which he wrote .
In this article I will , then , look at the record we have of his lectures on the topic ( which , predictably , take up many connections to extra-aesthetic issues along the way ) , but throughout try to offer a reading of them that situates them into the larger context of his philosophical work .
Wittgenstein 's opening remark is double - barreled : he states that the field of aesthetics is both very big and entirely misunderstood .
By “ very big ” , I believe he means both that the aesthetic dimension weaves itself through all of philosophy in the manner suggested above , and that the reach of the aesthetic in human affairs is very much greater than the far more restricted reach of the artistic ; the world is densely packed with manifestations of the aesthetic sense or aesthetic interest , while the number of works of art is very much smaller .
There is good reason , in his discussions that follow , to believe that he intends that any comprehensive account of the aesthetic would acknowledge the former , and not just – as a good number of philosophical accounts have so restricted themselves – the latter .
By “ entirely misunderstood ” , it emerges that he means both ( 1 ) that aesthetic questions are of a conceptual type very distinct from empirical questions and the kind of answer , or conceptual satisfaction , we want is very unlike what we might get from an experiment in empirical psychology , and ( 2 ) that the philosophically traditional method of essentialistic definition – determining the essence that all members of the class “ works of art ” exhibit and by virtue of which they are so classified – will conceal from our view more than it reveals .
It is also vividly apparent from the outset of these lectures that Wittgenstein is urging a heightened vigilance to the myriad ways in which words can , on their grammatical surface , mislead .
If , right at the beginning of the inquiry , we see that we use the word “ beautiful ” as an adjective , we may well very shortly find ourselves asking what is the essence of the property beauty that this particular example exhibits .
Imagining a book of philosophy investigating parts of speech ( but very many more parts than we find in an ordinary grammar book ) where we would give very detailed and nuanced attention to “ seeing ” , “ feeling ” , along with other verbs of personal experience , and equally lengthy studies of “ all ” , “ any ” , “ some ” , numerals , first person pronoun usages , and so forth , he suggests that such a book would , with sufficient attention paid to the contextual intricacies of the grammar of each usage , lay bare the confusion into which language can lead us .
Later , in his Philosophical Investigations ( Wittgenstein 1958 ) , he will go on to famously develop the analogy between tools and language as a way of breaking the hold of the conceptual picture that words work in one way ( by naming things — including the naming of properties , as in the way we too - quickly think of the problem of beauty above ) , showing the diversity of kind and of use among the various things we find in the tool box ( e.g. hammer , glue , chisel , matches ) .
If we redirect our attention , away from the idée fixe of the puzzle concerning the common property named by the word “ beauty ” or the description “ beautiful ” , and look to the actual use to which our aesthetic - critical vocabulary is put , we will see that it is not some intrinsic meaning carried internally by the linguistic sign ( Wittgenstein 1958a ) that makes the word in question function as an aesthetic or critical interjection or expression of approval .
We will , rather , be able to focus our redirected attention on what actually does make the word in question function aesthetically , i.e. “ on the enormously complicated situation in which the aesthetic expression has a place ” , and he adds that , with such an enlarged vision , we see that “ the expression itself has almost a negligible place ” ( p. 2 ) .
He here mentions ( seeing aesthetic issues as interwoven with the rest of philosophy ) that if he had to identify the main mistake made in philosophical work of his generation , it would be precisely that of , when looking at language , focusing on the form of words , and not the use made of the form of words .
He will go on to imply , if not quite to directly assert , that the parallel holds to the work of art : to see it within a larger frame of reference , to see it in comparison to other works of the artist in question and to see it juxtaposed with still other works from its cultural context , is to see what role itplayed in the dialogically unfolding artistic “ language - game ” [ 1 ] of its time and place .
In using language , he says next in the lectures , in understanding each other — and in mastering a language initially — we do not start with a small set of words or a single word , but rather from specific occasions and activities .
Our aesthetic engagements are occasions and activities of just this kind ; thus aesthetics , as a field of conceptual inquiry , should start not from a presumption that the central task is to analyze the determinant properties that are named by aesthetic predicates , but rather with a full - blooded consideration of the activities of aesthetic life .
But the adjectival form of many — not all — critical predicates quickly reinforces the “ property - with - name ” model , and against this Wittgenstein places examples from musical and poetical criticism , where we simply call attention to the rightness of a transition or to the precision or aptness of an image .
And it is here that Wittgenstein reminds us that descriptions such as “ stately ” , “ pompous ” , or “ melancholy ” ( where the latter is said of a Schubert piece ) are like giving the work a face ( Shiner 1978 ) , or we could instead ( or in further specification of such descriptions ) use gestures .
[ 2 ]
In cases of re-construing a work ( e.g. the meter of a poem ) so that we understand its rhythm and structure anew , we make gestures , facial expressions , and non-descriptive - predicate based remarks , where aesthetic adjectives play a diminished role or no role at all .
And we show our approval of a tailor 's work not by describing the suit , but by wearing it .
Occasions and activities are fundamental , descriptive language secondary .
Wittgenstein here turns to the subject of rules , and rule - following , in aesthetic decision - making .
This stems from his reflection on the word “ correct ” in aesthetic discourse , and he mentions the case of being drilled in harmony and counterpoint .
Such rule - learning , he claims , allows what he calls an interpretation of the rules in particular cases , where an increasingly refined judgment comes from an increasingly refined mastery of the rules in question .
It is of particular interest that a qualification is entered here , that such rules in contexts of artistic creativity and aesthetic judgment , “ may be extremely explicit and taught , or not formulated at all ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 ) .
This itself strongly suggests that , in this way too , actions come first , where these actions may ( to invoke Kant 's famous distinction ) either explicitly follow from the rule , or stand in accordance with them but ( for Wittgenstein ) in an inexplicit way .
The mastery of a practice can be , but need not be , characterized as a cognitive matter of rule - following .
Here we thus find one of the points of intersection between Wittgenstein 's work in aesthetics and his work in the philosophy of language : the rule - following considerations ( Holtzman and Leich 1981 and McDowell 1998 ) and the debate concerning non-cognitivism ( McDowell 2000 ) link directly to this discussion .
Regrettably , Wittgenstein closes this matter prematurely ( claiming that this issue should not come in at this point ) ; the linkage between rule - following in language and in aesthetics is still to this day too little investigated .
Yet there is a sense in which Wittgenstein extends the discussion , if only implicitly .
In investigating the kinds of things meant by aesthetic “ appreciation ” , he does say that “ an appreciator is not shown by the interjections he uses ” but rather by his choices , selections , his actions on specific occasions .
To describe what appreciation consists in , he claims , would prove an impossibility , for “ to describe what it consists in we would have to describe the whole environment ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 7 ) , and he returns to the case of the tailor — and thus implicitly to rule - following .
Such rules , as we discern them in action ranging on a continuum from the cognitively - explicit and linguistically encapsulated to the non-cognitively implicit and only behaviorally manifested , have a life – have an identity as rules — within , and only within , those larger contexts of engagement , those “ whole environment [s ] ” .
And those environments , those contexts , those language - games , are not reducible to a unitary kind which we then might analyze for essential properties : “ correctness ” , for example , plays a central role in some cases of aesthetic appreciation and understanding , and it is irrelevant in others , e.g. in garment - cutting versus Beethoven symphonies , or in domestic architecture versus the Gothic cathedral .
And he explicitly draws , if too briefly , the analogy that emerges here between ethics and aesthetics : he notes the difference between saying of a person that he behaves well versus saying that a person made a great or profound impression .
Indeed , “ the entire game is different ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 8 ) .
The central virtue of these lectures is that Wittgenstein never loses a sense of the complexity of our aesthetic engagements , our language attending and in cases manifesting those engagements , and the contextually embedded nature of the aesthetic actions he is working to elucidate .
Nor does he lose a sense of the relation — a relation necessary to the meaning of the aesthetic language we use – between the aesthetically - descriptive expressions we employ within particular contexts and “ what we call the culture of the period ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 8 ) .
Of those aesthetic words , he says , “ To describe their use or to describe what you mean by a cultured taste , you have to describe a culture ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 8 ) .
And again making the relation between his work in the philosophy of language and his work in the philosophy of art explicit ( if again too briefly ) , he adds , “ What belongs to a language game is a whole culture ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 8 ) .
There the link to the irreducible character of rule - following is made again as well : “ To describe a set of aesthetic rules fully means really to describe the culture of a period ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 8 , n. 3 ) .
If our aesthetic engagements and the interrelated uses of our aesthetic terms are widely divergent and context - sensitive , so are our aesthetic actions and vocabularies context - sensitive in a larger sense as well : comparing a cultured taste of fin- de - siecle Vienna or early - twentieth - century Cambridge with the Middle Ages , he says — implicitly referring to the radically divergent constellations of meaning - associations from one age to the other , “ An entirely different game is played in different ages ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , p. 8 ) .
Of a generic claim made about a person that he or she appreciates a given style or genre of art , Wittgenstein makes it clear that he would not yet know — stated in that generic , case - transcending way — not merely whether it was true or not , but more interestingly and more deeply , what it meant to say this .
The word “ appreciates ” is , like the rest of our aesthetic vocabulary , not detachable from the particular context within which it has its life .
[ 3 ]
If , against this diversity or context - sensitivity , we seek to find and then analyze what all such cases of aesthetic engagement have in common , we might well focus on the word “ appreciation ” .
But that word will not have meaning with a bounded determinacy fixed prior to its contextualized use , which means that we would find ourselves , because of this philosophical strategy ( the entire field “ is very big and entirely misunderstood ” ) , in a double bind : first , we would not know the meaning of the term upon which we were focusing ; and second , we would , in trying to locate what all cases of aesthetic engagement have in common , leave out of view what he calls in this connection “ an immensely complicated family of cases ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 ) , blinding ourselves to nuance and complexity in the name of a falsifying neatness and overarching generality .
“ In order to get clear about aesthetic words you have to describe ways of living .
We think we have to talk about aesthetic judgments like ‘ This is beautiful ’ , but we find that if we have to talk about aesthetic judgments we do n't find these words at all , but a word used something like a gesture , accompanying a complicated activity ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 11 ) .
Wittgenstein turns to the idea of a science of aesthetics , an idea for which he has precious little sympathy ( “ almost too ridiculous for words ” [ Wittgenstein 1966 , 11 ] ) .
But as is often the case in Wittgenstein 's philosophical work , it does not follow from this scornful or dismissive attitude that he has no interest in the etiology of the idea , or in excavating the hidden steps or components of thought that have led some to this idea .
In the ensuing discussion he unearths a picture of causation that under - girds the very idea of a scientific explanation of aesthetic judgment or preference .
And in working underground in this way , he reveals the analogies to cases of genuine scientific explanation , where the “ tracing of a mechanism ” just is the process of giving a causal account , i.e. where the observed effect is described as the inevitable result of prior links in the causal chain leading to it .
If , to take his example , an architect designs a door and we find ourselves in a state of discontentment because the door , within the larger design of the façade ( within its stylistic “ language - game ” , we might say ) , is too low , we are liable to describe this on the model of scientific explanation .
Then , we make a substantive of the discontent , see it as the causal result of the lowness of the door , and in identifying the lowness as the cause , think ourselves able to dislodge the inner entity , the discontent , by raising the door .
But this mischaracterizes our aesthetic reactions , or what we might call , by analogy to moral psychology , our aesthetic psychology .
The true aesthetic reaction — itself rarely described in situ in terms of a proximate cause ( “ In these cases the word ‘ cause ’ is hardly ever used at all ” [ Wittgenstein 1966 , 14 ] ) is far more immediate , and far more intertwined with , and related to , what we see in [ 4 ] the work of art in question .
“ It is a reaction analogous to my taking my hand away from a hot plate ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 ) .
He thus says :
To say : “ I feel discomfort and know the cause ” , is entirely misleading because “ know the cause ” normally means something quite different .
How misleading it is depends on whether when you said : “ I know the cause ” , you meant it to be an explanation or not .
“ I feel discomfort and know the cause ” makes it sound as if there were two things going on in my soul — discomfort and knowing the cause ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 14 ) .
But there is , as he next says , a “ Why ? ” to such a case of aesthetic discomfort , if not a cause ( on the conventional scientific model ) .
But both the question and its multiform answers will take , indeed , very different forms in different cases .
Again , if what he suggested before concerning the significance of context for meaning is right , the very meaning of the “ Why ? ” - question will vary case to case .
This is not a weaker thesis concerning variation on the level of inflection , where the underlying structure of the “ Why ? ” - question is causal .
No , here again that unifying , model - imposing manner of proceeding would leave out a consideration of the nuances that give the “ Why ? ” - question its determinate sense in the first place .
But again , Wittgenstein 's fundamental concern here is to point out the great conceptual gulf that separates aesthetic perplexities from the methodology of empirical psychology .
To run studies of quantified responses to controlled and isolated aesthetic stimuli , where emergent patterns of preference , response , and judgment are recorded within a given population 's sample , is to pass by the true character of the aesthetic issue — the actual puzzlement , such as we feel it , will be conceptual , not empirical .
And here again we see a direct link to his work in the philosophy of psychology : the penultimate passage of Part II of Philosophical Investigations ( 1958 , sec. xiv ) , was “ The existence of the experimental method makes us think we have the means of solving the problems which trouble us ; though problem and method pass one another by ” ( Wittgenstein 1958 , II , iv , 232 ) .
He says , near the close of this part of his lectures on aesthetics , “ Aesthetic questions have nothing to do with psychological experiments , but are answered in an entirely different way ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 17 ) .
A stimulus - response model adapted from scientific psychology — what we might now call the naturalizing of aesthetics — falsifies the genuine complexities of aesthetic psychology through a methodologically enforced reduction to one narrow and unitary conception of aesthetic engagement .
For Wittgenstein complexity , and not reduction to unitary essence , is the route to conceptual clarification .
Reduction to a simplified model , by contrast , yields only the illusion of clarification in the form of conceptual incarceration ( “ a picture held us captive ” ) . [ 5 ]
Aesthetic satisfaction , for Wittgenstein , is an experience that is only possible within a culture and where the reaction that constitutes aesthetic satisfaction or justification is both more immediate , and vastly larger and more expansive , than any simple mechanistic account could accommodate .
It is more immediate in that it is not usually possible to specify in advance the exact conditions required to produce the satisfaction , or , as he discusses it , the “ click ” when everything falls into place .
Such exacting pre-specifications for satisfaction are possible in narrowly restricted empirical cases where , for example , we wait for two pointers in a vision examination to come into a position directly opposite each other .
And this , Wittgenstein says , is the kind of simile we repeatedly use , but misleadingly , for in truth “ really there is nothing that clicks or that fits anything ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 19 ) .
The satisfaction is more immediate , then , than the causal - mechanistic model would imply .
And it is much broader than the causal - mechanistic model implies as well : there is no direct aesthetic analogue to the matched pointers in the case of a larger and deeper form of aesthetic gratification .
Wittgenstein does , of course , allow that there are very narrow , isolated circumstances within a work where we do indeed have such empirical pre-specifiable conditions for satisfaction ( e.g. where in a piece we see that we wanted to hear a minor ninth , and not a minor seventh , chord ) .
But , contrary to the empirical - causal account , these will not add up , exhaustively or without remainder , to the experience of aesthetic satisfaction .
The problem , to which Wittgenstein repeatedly returns in these lectures , is with the kind of answer we want to aesthetic puzzlement as expressed in a question like “ Why do these bars give me such a peculiar impression ? ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 20 ) In such cases , statistical results regarding percentages of subjects who report this peculiar impression rather than another one in precisely these harmonic , rhythmic , and melodic circumstances are not so much impossible as just beside the point ; the kind of question we have here is not met by such methods .
“ The sort of explanation one is looking for when one is puzzled by an aesthetic impression is not a causal explanation , not one corroborated by experience or by statistics as to how people react … .
This is not what one means or what one is driving at by an investigation into aesthetics ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 21 ) .
It is all too easy to falsify , under the influence of explanatory models misappropriated from science , the many and varied kinds of things that happen when , aesthetically speaking , everything seems to click or fall into place .
In the next passages of Wittgenstein 's lectures he turns to a fairly detailed examination of the distinct charm , for some , of psycho- analytic explanation , and he interweaves this with the distinction between scientific - causal explanation of an action versus motive - based ( or personally - generated ) explanations of that action .
It is easy , but mistaken , to read these passages as simply subject - switching anticipations of his lectures on Freud to follow .
His fundamental interest here lies with the powerful charm , a kind of conceptual magnetism , of reductive explanations that promise a brief , compact , and propositionally - encapsulated account of what some much larger field of thought or action “ really ” is .
( He cites the example of boiling Redpath , one of his auditors , down to ashes , etc. , and then saying “ This is all Redpath really is ” , adding the remark “ Saying this might have a certain charm , but would be misleading to say the least ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 24 ) .
“ To say the least ” indeed : the example is striking precisely because one can feel the attraction of an encapsulating and simplifying reduction of the bewildering and monumental complexity of a human being , while at the same time feeling , as a human being , that any such reduction to a few physical elements would hardly capture the essence of a person .
This , he observes , is an explanation of the “ This is only really this ” form .
Reductive causal explanations function in just the same way in aesthetics , and this links directly to the problems in philosophical methodology that he adumbrated in the Blue and Brown Books ( 1958a , 17–19 ) , particularly where he discusses what he there calls “ craving for generality ” and the attendant “ contemptuous attitude toward the particular case ” .
If the paradigm of the sciences ( which themselves , as he observes in passing , carry an imprimatur of epistemic prestige and the image of incontrovertibility ) is Newtonian mechanics , and we then implant that model under our subsequent thinking about psychology , we will almost immediately arrive at an idea of a science of the mind , where that science would progress through the gradual accumulation of psychological laws .
( This would constitute , as he memorably puts it , a “ mechanics of the soul ” [ Wittgenstein 1966 , 29 ] ) .
We then dream of a psychological science of aesthetics , where — although “ we'd not thereby have solved what we feel to be aesthetic puzzlement ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 29 ) — we may find ourselves able to predict ( borrowing the criterion of predictive power from science ) what effect a given line of poetry , or a given musical phrase , may have on a certain person whose reaction patterns we have studied .
But aesthetic puzzlement , again , is of a different kind , and — here he takes a major step forward , from the critical , to the constructive , phase of his lectures .
He writes , “ What we really want , to solve aesthetic puzzlements , is certain comparisons — grouping together of certain cases ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 29 ) .
Such a method , such an approach , would never so much as occur to us were we to remain both dazzled by the misappropriated model of mechanics and contemptuous of the particular case .
Comparison , and the intricate process of grouping together certain cases — where such comparative juxtaposition usually casts certain significant features of the work or works in question in higher relief , where it leads to the emergence of an organizational gestalt , [ 6 ] where it shows the evolution of a style , or where it shows what is strikingly original about a work , among many other things — also focuses our attention on the particular case in another way .
In leading our scrutiny to critically and interpretatively relevant particularities , it leads us away from the aesthetically blinding presumption that it is the effect , brought about by the “ cause ” of that particular work , that matters ( so that any minuet that gives a certain feeling or awakens certain images would do as well as any other ) .
These foregoing matters together lead to what is to my mind central to Wittgenstein 's thoughts on aesthetics .
In observing that on one hearing of a minuet we may get a lot out of it and on the next hearing nothing , he is showing how easy it can be to take conceptual missteps in our aesthetic thought from which it can prove difficult to recover .
From such a difference , against how we can all too easily model the matter , it does not follow that what we get out of the minuet is independent of the minuet .
That would constitute an imposition of a Cartesian dualism between the two ontologies of mind and matter , but in its aesthetic guise .
And that would lead in turn to theories of aesthetic content of a mental kind , where the materials of the art form ( materials we would then call “ external ” materials ) only serve to carry the real , internal or non-physical content .
Criticism would thus be a process of arguing inferentially from outward evidence back to inward content ; creation would be a process of finding outward correlates or carriers for that prior inward content ; and artistic intention would be articulated as a full mental pre-conception of the contingently finished ( or “ externalized ” , as we would then call it ) work .
It is no accident that Wittgenstein immediately moves to the analogy to language and our all - too - easy misconception of linguistic meaning , where we make “ the mistake of thinking that the meaning or thought is just an accompaniment of the word , and the word does n't matter ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 25 ) .
This indeed would prove sufficient to motivate contempt for the particular case in aesthetic considerations , by misleadingly modeling a dualistic vision of art upon an equally misleading dualistic model of language ( Hagberg 1995 ) .
“ The sense of a proposition ” , he says , “ is very similar to the business of an appreciation of art ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 29 ) .
This might also be called a subtractive model , and Wittgenstein captures this perfectly with a question : “ A man may sing a song with expression and without expression .
Then why not leave out the song — could you have the expression then ? ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 32 editorial note and footnote )
Such a model corresponds , again , to mind - matter Cartesian dualism , which is a conceptual template that also , as we have just seen above , manifests itself in the philosophy of language where we would picture the thought as an inner event and the external word or sign to which it is arbitrarily attached as that inner event 's outward corresponding physicalization .
It is no surprise that , in this lecture , he turns directly to false and imprisoning pictures of this dualism in linguistic meaning , and then back to the aesthetic case .
When we contemplate the expression of a drawn face , it is deeply misleading — or deeply misled , if the dualistic picture of language stands behind this template - conforming thought — to ask for the expression to be given without the face .
“ The expression ” — now linking this discussion back to the previous causal considerations — “ is not an effect of the face ” .
The template of cause - and - effect , and of a dualism of material and expressive content ( on the subtractive model ) , and the construal of the material work of art as a means to the production of a separately - identifiable intangible , experiential end , are all out of place here .
All of the examples Wittgenstein gives throughout these lectures combat these pictures , each in their own way .
But then Wittgenstein 's examples also work in concert : they together argue against a form of aesthetic reductionism that would pretend that our reactions to aesthetic objects are isolable , that they can be isolated as variables within a controlled experiment , that they can be hermetically sealed as the experienced effects of isolatable causes .
He discusses our aesthetic reactions to subtle differences between differently drawn faces , and our equally subtle reactions to the height or design of a door ( he is known to have had the ceiling in an entire room of the house in Vienna he designed for his sister moved only a few inches when the builders failed to realize his plan with sufficient exactitude ) .
The enormous subtlety , and the enormous complexity , of these reactions , are a part of — and as complicated as — our natural history .
He gives as an example the error , or the crudeness , of someone responding to a complaint concerning the depiction of a human smile ( specifically , that the smile did not seem genuine ) , with the reply that , after all , the lips are only parted one one - thousandths of an inch too much : such differences , however small in measure , in truth matter enormously .
Beneath Wittgenstein's examples , as developed throughout these lectures , lies another interest ( which presses its way to the surface and becomes explicit on occasion ) : he is eager to show the significance of making connections in our perception and understanding of art works — connections between the style of a poet and that of a composer ( e.g. Keller and Brahms ) , between one musical theme and another , between one expressive facial depiction and another , between one period of an artist 's work and another .
Such connections — we might , reviving a term from first - generation Wittgensteinians , refer to the kind of work undertaken to identify and articulate such connections as “ connective analysis ” — are , for Wittgenstein , at the heart of aesthetic experience and aesthetic contemplation .
And they again are of the kind that reductive causal explanation would systematically miss .
In attempting to describe someone 's feelings , could we do better than to imitate the way the person actually said the phrase we found emotionally revelatory , Wittgenstein pointedly asks ?
The disorientation we would feel in trying to describe the person 's feeling with subtlety and precision without any possibility of imitating his precise expressive utterance — “ the way he said it ” – shows how very far the dualistic or subtractive conceptual template is from our human experience , our natural history .
Connections , of the kind alluded to here — a web of variously - activated relations between the particular aspect of the work to which we are presently attending and other aspects , other parts of the work , or other works , groups of works , or other artists , genres , styles , or other human experiences in all their particularity — may include what we call associations awakened by the work , but connections are not reducible to them only ( and certainly not to undisciplined , random , highly subjective , or free associations ) .
[ 7 ]
The impossibility of the simplifying subtractive template emerges here as well : “ Suppose [ someone says ] : ‘ Associations are what matter — change it slightly and it no longer has the same associations ’ .
But can you separate the associations from the picture , and have the same thing ? ”
The answer is clearly , again like the case of the singing with and then without expression above , negative : “ You ca n't say : ‘ That 's just as good as the other : it gives me the same associations ’ ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 34 ) .
Here again , Wittgenstein shows the great gulf that separates what we actually do with , what we actually say about , works of art , and how we would speak of them if the conceptual pictures and templates with which he has been doing battle were correct .
To extend one of Wittgenstein 's examples , we would very much doubt the aesthetic discernment , and indeed the sympathetic imagination and the human connectedness , of a person who said of two poems ( each of which reminded him of death ) that either will do as well as the other to a bereaved friend , that they would do the same thing ( where this is uttered in a manner dismissive of nuance , or as though it is being said of two detergents ) .
Poetry , Wittgenstein is showing , does not play that kind of role in our lives , as the nature and character of our critical verbal interactions about it indicate .
And he ascends , momentarily , to a remark that characterizes his underlying philosophical methodology ( or one dimension of it ) in the philosophy of language that is being put to use here within the context of his lectures on aesthetics : “ If someone talks bosh , imagine the case in which it is not bosh .
The moment you imagine it , you see at once it is not like that in our case ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 34 ) .
The gulf that separates what we should say if the generalizing templates were accurate from what we in actual particularized cases do say could further call into question not only the applicability or accuracy , but indeed the very intelligibility , of the language used to express those templates , those explanatory pictures .
Wittgenstein leaves that more aggressive , and ultimately more clarifying and conceptually liberating , critique for his work on language and mind in Philosophical Investigations ( 1958 ) and other writings , but one can see from these lectures alone how such an aggressive critique might be undertaken .
Near the end of his lectures Wittgenstein turns to the question of the attitude we take toward the work of art .
He employs the case of seeing the very slight change ( of the kind mentioned above ) in the depiction of a smile within a picture of a monk looking at a vision of the Virgin Mary .
Where the slight and subtle change of line yields a transformation of the smile of the monk from a kindly to an ironic one , our attitude in viewing might similarly change from one in which for some we are almost in prayer to one that would for some be blasphemous , where we are almost leering .
He then gives voice to his imagined reductive interlocutor , who says , “ Well there you are .
It is all in the attitude ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 35 ) , where we would then focus , to the exclusion of all of the rest of the intricate , layered , and complex human dimensions of our reactions to works , solely on an analysis of the attitude of the spectator and the isolable causal elements in the work that determine it .
But that , again , is only to give voice to a reductive impulse , and in the brief ensuing discussion he shows , once again , that in some cases , an attitude of this kind may emerge as particularly salient .
But in other cases , not .
And he shows , here intertwining a number of his themes from these lectures , that the very idea of “ a description of an attitude ” is itself no simple thing .
Full - blooded human beings , and not stimulus - response - governed automata , have aesthetic experience , and that experience is as complex a part of our natural history as any other .
Wittgenstein ends the lectures discussing a simple heading : “ the craving for simplicity ” ( Wittgenstein 1966 , 36 ) .
To such a mind , he says , if an explanation is complicated , it is disagreeable for that very reason .
A certain kind of mind will insist on seeking out the single , unitary essence of the matter , where — much like Russell 's atomistic search for the essence of the logic of language beneath what he regarded as its misleadingly and distractingly variegated surface — the reductive impulse would be given free reign .
Wittgenstein 's early work in the Tractatus ( 1961 ) followed in that vein .
But in these lectures , given in 1938 , we see a mind well into a transition away from those simplifying templates , those conceptual pictures .
Here , examples themselves do a good deal of philosophical work , and their significance is that they give , rather than merely illustrate , the philosophical point at hand .
He said , earlier in the lectures , that he is trying to teach a new way of thinking about aesthetics ( and indeed about philosophy itself ) .
The subject , as he said in his opening line , is very big and entirely misunderstood .
It is very big in its scope — in the reach of the aesthetic dimension throughout human life .
But we can now , at the end of his lectures , see that it is a big subject in other senses too : aesthetics is conceptually expansive in its important linkages to the philosophy of language , to the philosophy of mind , to ethics , and to other areas of philosophy , and it resists encapsulation into a single , unifying problem .
It is a multi-faceted , multi-aspected human cultural phenomenon where connections , of diverging kinds , are more in play than causal relations .
The form of explanation we find truly satisfying will thus strikingly diverge from the form of explanation in science – the models of explanation in Naturwissenschaften are misapplied in Geisteswissenschaften , and the viewing of the latter through the lens of the former will yield reduction , exclusion , and ultimately distortion .
The humanities are thus , for Wittgenstein , in this sense autonomous .
All of this , along with the impoverishing and blinding superimposition of conceptual models , templates , and pictures onto the extraordinarily rich world of aesthetic engagement , also now , at the end of his lectures , gives content to what Wittgenstein meant at the beginning with the words “ entirely misunderstood ” .
For now , at this stage of Wittgenstein 's development , where the complexity - accepting stance of the later Philosophical Investigations ( 1958 ) and other work is unearthing and uprooting the philosophical presuppositions of the simplification - seeking earlier work , examples themselves have priority as indispensable instruments in the struggle to free ourselves of misconception in the aesthetic realm .
And these examples , given due and detailed attention , will exhibit a context - sensitive particularity that makes generalized pronouncements hovering high above the ground of that detail look otiose , inattentive , or , more bluntly , just a plain falsification of experience .
What remains is not , then — and this is an idea Wittgenstein 's auditors must themselves have struggled with in those rooms in Cambridge , as many still do today — another theory built upon now stronger foundations , but rather a clear view of our multiform aesthetic practices .
Wittgenstein , in his mature , later work , did not generate a theory of language , of mind , or of mathematics .
He generated , rather , a vast body of work perhaps united only in its therapeutic and intricately labored search for conceptual clarification .
One sees the same philosophical aspiration driving his foray into aesthetics .
Avatar has promised us great technological innovations in film making , but what about the scientific discoveries and technological advances we see on screen ?
Popular Mechanics takes a look at the science beyond the spectacle .
Advertisement
The article looks at a few of the key scientific aspects of Avatar and fact - checks them for plausibility , explaining the innovations we would need to make them a reality .
The challenges of easy interstellar travel apply to tons of movies , but there is also a fascinating discussion on the possibility of habitable worlds in the Alpha Centauri system , where Pandora is supposedly located .
The least plausible scientific advance ?
The very Avatar technology that is central to the movie 's plot .
Although neuroscientists are working on brain - machine interfaces have allowed humans and other primates to control the movements of machines , Miguel Nicolelis , the Duke University neuroscientist Popular Mechanics consulted , notes that the transfer of one 's consciousness into a biological body is several orders of magnitude beyond what is currently feasible .
Advertisement
But Hollywood can help inspire technological innovation , and the article identifies the RDA 's AMP exosuit as an idea that 's not yet feasible , but gets inventors ' gears turning :
" Movies like Avatar are good to get us thinking about the possibilities , " says David Audet , leader of the Soldier Mobility and Mission Enhancement Team at the Natick Soldier Research Development and Engineering Center in Massachusetts that has a point role in developing XOS .
And while there is " a lot of Hollywood going on " with the AMP suit , it suggests the immense logistical work that such devices could render and serves as , Audet says , " an example of a foundational platform that with very little modifications can perform a large suite of attacks . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The Science Behind James Cameron 's Avatar [ Popular Mechanics ]
Roberto Luongo will be in net when Team Canada takes on Germany in the qualification - round of the Vancouver Olympics .
After much speculation that the Vancouver Canucks ' captain would replace Martin Brodeur , Luongo confirmed it for CBCSports.ca's Tim Wharnsby after Monday 's practice .
Much of the blame for Sunday 's 5 - 3 loss to the United States has fallen on Brodeur , who looked shaky throughout the game .
Earlier , Brodeur backstopped Canada to a 3 - 2 shootout victory over Switzerland , stopping 21 of 23 shots .
Luongo spent Monday 's entire practice working at one end of the ice while fellow goalies Martin Brodeur and Marc - Andre Fleury shared the other net .
Earlier Monday , Canadian head coach Mike Babcock told a Vancouver radio station that he was not ready to make an announcement on which goalie would be in net for the crucial elimination game .
Babcock was responding to a report from Yahoo !
Sports that quoted an identified source who said Luongo would replace Brodeur .
" All athletes , especially proud ones that have been successful many times , want to be good every single night , and sometimes it does n't go the way you want it , " Babcock told the station of Brodeur .
" And when you look at it , I guarantee you his preparation was fantastic and he was ready to be the best he could be .
It did n't happen for him , but there 's nothing we can do about yesterday and it's time to move on . "
Luongo was the starter in Canada 's 8 - 0 opening game against Norway , making 15 stops for the shutout .
The winner of Tuesday 's match between Germany and Canada will move on to face Russia in the quarterfinals on Thursday .
OSDever.net torrent ?
Would you seed an http://OSdever.net torrent ?
Yes or No .
There is still no apparent solution to Japan Airlines ' predicament Shares in Japan Airlines ( JAL ) fell by 45 % to a new all - time low on Tuesday as fears grow that the carrier is heading for bankruptcy .
The fall came despite an improved offer of investment from American Airlines , up from $ 1bn to $ 1.3 bn .
The US carrier is keen to link into JAL 's lucrative Asian routes .
Meanwhile , JAL 's current and former employees have agreed to cuts in the company 's pension scheme payouts .
The fund has a $ 3.6 bn ( £ 2.2 bn ) deficit .
Those cuts are crucial to the company gaining any government support .
Battle for skies American Airlines ' improved offer of help also comes with strings attached .
It wants JAL to stay with the Oneworld alliance that American is also a member of , along with British Airways and Qantas .
ANALYSIS
Roland Buerk , BBC News , Tokyo
Japan 's new government has been agonising for months over how to keep JAL in the air and who should pay the price for its massive debts - the taxpayer , shareholders , staff and pensioners or the banks .
A decision is emerging - all of them .
Banks that hold JAL 's debt are reported to have tentatively agreed to the plan - the alternative could be a total collapse which would imperil their chances of seeing any of the money again .
Circling the mess are the global airline alliances , Oneworld and SkyTeam , which are still interested in JAL because of the access it offers to Asia .
But reports in Tokyo say both may be rejected for now as their involvement would complicate the process .
JAL has another , rival , offer of support from the US .
Delta Airlines is offering $ 500 m and wants JAL to join its SkyTeam network .
Thomas W Horton , chief financial officer of American 's parent , AMR Corp , said : " While JAL and the Japanese government might decide to address capital requirements internally - and we certainly would understand and respect that - our offer of capital would be available if this was deemed an appropriate resource to aid in the restructuring of JAL . "
Staff cuts Japan Airlines applied for a government bail - out in October last year through the state - backed Enterprise Turnaround Initiative Corporation of Japan ( ETIC ) - a body able to draw on taxpayers ' money to prop up the business while it restructures .
A decision on that is due before the end of January , but the ETIC requires cost - cutting concessions , which not only include the restructuring of pension arrangements but also potentially severe job cuts of up to a third of the company 's 49,000 - strong workforce .
It will then inject fresh capital into JAL , provided the airline files for bankruptcy and creditors agree to waive around 350bn yen ( $ 3.8bn , £ 2.36 bn ) in debts .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
" There were definitely two winners , and two that would require a lot more beer - drinking . "
Since pizza is right up there with wings and guacamole as far as Super Bowl cuisine goes , we ordered pepperoni pizzas from the four big nationwide chains ( Little Caesars , Pizza Hut , Papa John 's and Domino's ) to find the tastiest .
Why pepperoni ?
Because most people order pizza with at least one topping and pepperoni is the most popular one in the U.S .
Pizza Hut
Papa John's
Whoa , they did not hold back .
There 's sure enough of pepperoni but , gack , it 's pretty bland .
Though it does get points for having nice , crisp edges .
Opposite from the pepperoni situation .
There 's very little sauce and what 's there is too herby .
" Wished this was lighter on the cheese , " said one taster .
( That 's probably not a compliment to the cheese . )
Doughy and heavy without much flavor .
Maybe a hint of garlic ( maybe ) .
Little Caesars
Good — spicy , meaty , crisp around the edges , and it kind of dissolves in your mouth .
Plenty of it too .
Sweet , but for some reason people seem to get behind the Papa John 's sweetness .
Thankfully it does n't taste like ketchup or fake herbs , and it actually has a hint of a buttery undertone .
A little tangy ; tastes like real cheese .
A bit more done than the others ( decent browning and crunch on bottom ) and nice hole structure ( those network of air bubbles ) .
Not too thick , which is good — the others can be a chewing party .
" Weird , weird crust ... not a horrible crust but it sure had a weird aftertaste , " a few testers agreed .
Domino's
Underseasoned ( not quite spicy or salty enough ) and undercooked ( not browned at all ) .
Not as candy - sweet as the others , but the problem was all the herbs .
Or shall we say " herbs . "
It had that shaked - on dry spice taste .
More like greasy rubber .
No real flavor , except maybe chemical .
Doughy and crunchless , this barely passes as cooked .
Actually , one taster felt like it was cooked in a toaster , comparing it to Ellio 's frozen pizzas .
" If you like toaster pizza , this is for you , " said one taster .
Final Thoughts
More of a dark red ( like real meat ) than the disappointing , fake - looking orange .
Nice meaty texture with a good amount layered per slice .
Still has that delivery pizza sweetness , but with a slight kick .
The best cheese of the four : tangy , well - seasoned , and actually tastes like mozzarella .
Breadier than the Papa John 's crust but still had the same nice browning underneath .
Intensely garlicky .
There were food scientists hard at work here , but whatever you guys did , nice job .
We 'd eat another slice of this .
There were definitely two winners , and two that would require a lot more beer - drinking .
We 'd recommend ordering Papa John 's and Domino's .
While Papa John 's would be easy to graze on all game long , Domino's was the most aggressively flavored , so you might actually be good after a couple slices .
Pizza Hut and Little Caesars , on the other hand , oh boy .
Special Thanks
A big hug and spoonful of Pepto - Bismol goes out to The Food Lab's J. Kenji Lopez - Alt , Brownie of Blondie & Brownie , and Doug Quint of the Big Gay Ice Cream Truck for putting their stomachs on the line to help the Serious Eats team get through a pile of pizza boxes .
Naturally , there was pie ( as in pie-pie , as in " Elvis " pie baked by Brownie involving bananas , peanut butter , and bacon — basically the pie version of this ) for dessert .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Welcome back to Gadling ’s series on backpacking Southeast Asia , South by Southeast .
In Southeast Asia , the center of daily life is the street .
In Hanoi , pedestrians stop for a trim at sidewalk barber stands .
In Bangkok , co-workers gather for steaming street - side bowls of noodle soup .
And in Mandalay , men huddle at curbside tea shops , sipping milky - sweet chai while trading stories and gossip .
You cannot claim to have visited Southeast Asia without soaking up this unique sidewalk atmosphere .
And if you truly want to partake in this daily carnival of the street , you need to be eating the street food .
Frequently .
I can already hear the objections .
“ I ca n’t eat street food , it ’s going to make me sick .
Is n’t all that greasy stuff unhealthy ?
I have no idea what I ’m eating – it could be goat testicles or something ! ”
All these fears harbor a grain of truth .
But if you ’ve ever had concerns about eating street food during your travels , Southeast Asia is the place to shove those fears down the disposal .
Compare plates from your average restaurant in Southeast Asia against a street vendor around the corner and the vendor will win every time .
Nowhere on earth will you eat such fresh , well - prepared and innovative meals – all for pennies on the dollar .
Still squeamish ?
Wondering what all the street food fuss is about ?
Keep reading for five reasons you should be eating more street food when you come to Southeast Asia .
% Gallery - 83608 % Because it ’s cleaner than you think
The fear with street food is that it ’s often unclean .
This could n’t be further from the truth .
Many vendors wake up while you ’re still snoozing to grab the freshest , most tasty ingredients at the local market .
In addition , the vast majority of street food is cooked over an open flame or simmered in a boiling pot .
This high heat kills any organism that ’s likely to make you ill .
Not to mention you get to watch with your own eyes as your food is prepared .
Compare this to a restaurant , where an invisible chef prepares your meal away from view .
Yes , people do get sick from food in Asia .
But if you take care to eat food that is properly grilled , boiled or peeled … you ’ll be fine .
Relax and enjoy it !
Because it ’s the best on earth
Lots of countries have street food .
But Southeast Asia has the best .
The region ’s unique blend of European , Indian and Chinese ingredients is unlike anything you ’ve ever tasted : year - round supplies of straight - from - the - ocean seafood , colorful exotic produce and dizzying selection of spices combine to ensure a mouth - watering array of meals , snacks and desserts .
Eating the street food of Asia is literally a tourist attraction in and of itself .
Because it ’s a great way to meet locals
You do n’t eat street food in Southeast Asia by yourself .
Typically you ’re sitting on a low - slung plastic stool , seated around a communal table .
Even when you order , you ’ll be chatting with your chosen vendor , offering a chance to practice some local language .
The closeness of street food encourages conversation .
If you ’re traveling the region on your own , it ’s a great way to strike up a conversation with your dinner companions and make new friends .
Because it ’s good for you
When you think of street food , we often think of greasy snacks from deep - friers .
But Southeast Asian street food is much more than deep - fried cuisine .
Juicy ripe produce and top - notch ingredients ensure you ’ll be getting plenty of vitamins and nutrients .
Shockingly , “ eating fresh ” is n’t just a slogan invented by a fast - food chain – in Southeast Asia it ’s a way of life .
Cooks have been using healthy ingredients like “ organic produce ” and “ locally - sourced ” foodstuffs since the dawn of time .
Because it ’s cheap
Each time I pay for my street food meal in Southeast Asia , I feel like I ’ve won the lottery .
After gorging myself on fresh , delicious food – meals which would set me back $ 20 or more at home – the bill is never more than $ 2 - 3 dollars .
If you ’re coming to Southeast Asia on a budget , street food is your secret weapon .
You can use the savings to pay for nicer accommodations , extra activities or maybe a few souvenirs and still keep within a small budget .
Whether you ’re already eating congealed pig ’s blood for breakfast or you ’re just beginning to explore Southeast Asian cuisine , we could all benefit from eating more street food .
Have any street food ( mis ) adventures you ’d like to share ?
Tell us what you think in the comments .
Gadling writer Jeremy Kressmann is spending the next few months in Southeast Asia .
You can read other posts on his adventures “ South by Southeast ” HERE .
Beretta Revolver Shotgun – Taiwan Edition
Beretta logo ..
Made In USA … Riiiiiiiiiiighhhht ….
That thing is atrocious !
Rough translation of key points from the article :
Police said 19 - year - old gang brother Zhuangren dimension , usually in the mountains more than 10 hotels
Wai things put in charge possession of force , at any time ordered to carry weapons to parts of the scenes ; within the lake precinct office yesterday morning to Linsen North Road , Suite A search in 7th floor “ gun room ” seized wheel and 6 rounds of canister - type shotgun , as well as four pistols , one a standard for the Beretta , and the other three for the transformation of the gun , and 15 bullets , blanks 19 made .
The initial inventory , guns from the nickname “ God pig ” man .
This is the very large wheel shotguns , can be filled with 6 rounds of shotgun , the gun body are all constructed of steel , a short gun , weighing more than 3 kilograms , there is no rifling , can also be fitted sight , external trigger is not Buckle have no insurance , fill out bombs loaded on the mean , believe it or mistakenly pulled the trigger will fire , very dangerous .
black market prices have risen 200000 - 300000 yuan .
According to currency converters that is equivalent to approximately $ 6200 – $ 9300 USD ( Thanks for the correction Bill )
Guns must be incredibly hard to get there if that is the going price for a piece of crap like that .
: lol :
Original Chinese Article – HERE
Google Translated Version – HERE
So I was cruising around the world wide web taking a look at the various stats of Canucks prospects and I thought I would present the numbers and let the indelible minds of NM decide who are really the Canucks ' top prospects .
In a couple of cases I left out NHL experience when the prospect has only played 1 or 2 games .
Please vote for your top 3 in order and I will tabulate those votes later on and let NM know who we have anointed as the top prospect in our systems .
* by the way Hockey Futures has the Canucks ranked 10th in the league in organizational prospects , thanks to the wonderful hockeydb.com for most of the stats
** one thing that jumped out at me was the relatively small statures of these top prospects
List of prospects after the jump ...
A. Kevin Connauton - D - Round 3 - 83rd overall 2009 Draft - 6'1 196lbs
2008 -2009 Western Michigan University
40 GP - 7G - 11A - 18PTS
2009 - 2010 Vancouver Giants
43GP - 20G - 30A - 50 PTS
B. Taylor Ellington - D - Round 2 - 33rd overall 2007 Draft - 6 ' 200lbs
2008 -2009 Everett Silvertips
69GP - 6G - 26A - 32PTS
2009 - 2010 Victoria Salmon Kings
27GP - 2G - 9A - 11PTS
C. Michael Grabner - F - Round 1 - 14th overall - 2006 Draft - 6'1 177lbs
2008 -2009 Manitoba Moose
66GP - 30G - 18A - 48PTS
2009 - 2010 Vancouver Canucks
9GP - 2G - 3A - 5PTS
2009 - 2010 Manitoba Moose
11GP - 7G - 3A - 10 PTS
D. Cody Hodgson - F - Round 1 - 10th overall - 2008 Draft - 5'11 185lbs
2008 -2009 Brampton Battalion
53GP - 43G - 49A - 92PTS
No stats available from this season for obvious reasons
E. Ilya Kabulkov - F - Round 5 - 146th overall 2007 Draft - 6'2 183lbs
2008 -2009 Novgorod Torpedo
42GP - 1G - 3A - 4PTS
2009 - 2010 Spartak Moscow
42GP - 3G - 7A - 10 PTS
F. Evan Oberg - D - Undrafted - 6 ' 165lbs
2008 -2009 U of Minnesota - Duluth
43GP - 7G - 20A - 27PTS
2009 - 2010 Manitoba Moose
33GP - 1G - 12A - 13PTS
G. Jeremy Price - D - Round 4 - 113th overall 2009 Draft - 6'1 175lbs
2008 -2009 Nepean Raiders ( Junior A )
55GP - 12G - 29A - 41PTS
2009 - 2010 Colgate University
18GP - 3G - 3A - 6PTS
H. Prabh Rai - F - Round 5 - 131st overall 2008 Draft - 5'11 191lbs
2008 -2009 Seattle Thunderbirds
61GP - 25G - 40A - 65 PTS
2009 - 2010 Seattle Thunderbirds
40 GP - 24G - 19A - 43PTS
I. Anton Rodin - F - Round 2 - 53rd overall 2009 Draft - 5'11 174lbs
2009 - 2010 Brynas IF Galve
19GP - 1G - 0A - 1PTS
J. Yann Sauve - D - Round 2 - 41st overall 2008 Draft - 6'3 220lbs
2008 -2009 Saint John Sea Dogs
61GP - 5G - 25A - 30 PTS
2009 - 2010 Saint John Sea Dogs
39GP - 5G - 17A - 22PTS
K. Cory Schneider - G - Round 1 - 26th overall - 2004 Draft - 6'2 195lbs
2008 -2009 Manitoba Moose
40 GP - 2.04GAA - 0.928 save % - 5SO
2009 - 2010 Manitoba Moose
27GP - 2.22GAA - 0.924 save % - 2SO
L. Jordan Schroeder - F - Round 1 - 22nd overall - 2009 Draft - 5 '9 175 lbs
U of Minnesota 2008 - 2009
35GP - 13G - 32A - 45 PTS
U of Minnesota 2009 - 2010
20 GP - 4G - 11A - 15PTS
M. Sergei Shirokov - F - Round 6 - 163rd overall 2006 Draft - 5'10 195lbs
2008 -2009 CSKA
Moscow
56GP - 17G - 24A - 41PTS
2009 - 2010 Vancouver Canucks
6GP - 0G - 0A - 0PTs
2009 - 2010 Manitoba Moose
38GP - 13G - 14A - 27PTS
Today ’s Freedom ’s Phoeinx had an item from the Tenth Amendment Center on an Arizona effort to nullify Cap and Trade .
According to the Article Arizona State Senators Allen , Gould and Grey are the primary sponsors for Senate Concurrent Resolution ( SCR ) 1050 .
SCR 1050 , known as “ the Freedom to Breath Act ” , would make it illegal to enforce federal Cap and Trade Legislation .
Here is some language from SCR 1050
41-1294 .
Authority over greenhouse gases Notwithstanding any federal law or regulation , this state , through the legislature , has exclusive authority to regulate anthropogenic emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases and substances produced by mechanical or chemical processes , including agricultural operations and waste operations .
“ Notwithstanding any federal law . . ” now that ’s positively inspiring .
I wonder if there is anyone in the New York State Legislature that even think about ever invoking the Tenth Amendment .
It gets better .
1 . The Tenth Amendment to the United States Constitution guarantees and reserves to the states and their people all powers not granted to the federal government elsewhere in the Constitution as they were understood at the time that the amendment was ratified on December 15 , 1791 , subject only to modification by duly ratified subsequent amendments to the United States Constitution .
The guaranty of those powers is a matter of compact between the state and people of Arizona and the United States as of the time that Arizona was admitted to statehood on February 14 , 1912 .
2 . As a matter of compact between the state and people of Arizona and the United States as of the time that Arizona was admitted to statehood , the Tenth Amendment to the United States Constitution guarantees to the state and people of Arizona that Congress and the federal government will not exercise any purported power under article I , section 8 of the United States Constitution ( the “ Enumerated Powers ” ) except in accordance with its meaning and understanding at the time the United States Constitution was ratified on June 21 , 1788 , subject only to modification by duly ratified subsequent amendments to the United States Constitution .
Be still my heart .
The Act goes on to interpret the Tenth Amedment and other parts of the Constitution and it refers to the Compact between the state and the people of Arizona and the Unites States as the basis of the realtionship for any authority the federal government might have .
Check out Compact Theory here .
The Tenth Amendment Center has this very nifty map that tracks the progress of Cap and Trade nullification legislation .
Arizona is the fourth state to introduce such legislation .
Ph.D. dissertation : Low - Impact Operating System Tracing
[ Announcements ] Posted Jan 25 , 2010 18:22 UTC ( Mon ) by corbet
Mathieu Desnoyers has posted his Ph.D. dissertation as a 233 - page PDF file .
" In this thesis , we propose the LTTng ( Linux Trace Toolkit next generation ) tracer as an answer to the industry and open source community tracing needs .
The low - intrusiveness of the tracer is a key aspect to its usefulness , because we need to be able to reproduce , under tracing , problems occurring in normal conditions .
In some cases , users leave tracers active at all times in production , which makes the tracer overhead definitely critical . "
Full Story ( comments : 4 )
JAKARTA , Indonesia — Indonesia ’s thought police are attempting a comeback .
President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono ’s administration , in fact , launched a surprising new offensive on free speech last year with an intensity not seen since the Suharto regime , which brutally ruled Indonesia for more than 30 years before being toppled in 1998 .
Such autocratic restrictions returned to the public ’s radar in December when the Jakarta Foreign Correspondent ’s Club canceled a screening of the film " Balibo " — which depicts the 1975 killing of five Australian journalists by the Indonesian military in East Timor — for fear of legal reprisals after being told that authorities had banned the film .
The government ’s growing penchant for the blacklist contrasts starkly with Indonesia 's ferociously free press , possibly the most unfettered in Southeast Asia .
That freedom was on display as nearly every newspaper , television and magazine organization in the country derided the censor ’s decision to ban " Balibo . "
The Indonesian Journalist ’s Association openly defied the order , organizing dozens of screenings using text messages and social networking .
Copies of the film are also easily found at numerous pirate DVD outlets around the capital Jakarta and clips are widely available on the web .
“ There is no point in banning anything these days , ” said Anhor Gonggong , a professor of history at the University of Indonesia who has spent a lifetime fighting censorship .
“ There is no use .
If a film is banned we can still find it .
If bookstores do n’t carry a banned book , we can easily read it online .
It ’s no problem . ”
Not that the government is n’t trying .
A new film law passed last September requires producers to now submit their scripts to a committee of red pens before shooting can begin .
Even “ slasher ” films are getting slashed .
The directors of the internationally acclaimed gore fest , “ Rumah Dara ( Dara ’s House ) , ” said the censors forced them to cut several particularly gruesome closeups .
But censors have been the most busy with the oldest of old media — books .
More than 200 books are now listed as banned .
After Suharto ’s ouster , some books , including ones by celebrated Indonesian author Pramoedya Ananta Toer , were taken off the blacklist and the practice in general nearly ceased .
Between 2002 and 2008 , the government banned only six books in total .
Five books were banned , by contrast , in 2009 alone .
Several more could meet the same fate within weeks , according Didiek Darmanto , a spokesman for the attorney general .
And Patrialis Akbar , the minister for justice and human rights , with no hint of irony , said his department had suggested the attorney general ban another 20 books it deemed inflammatory .
All circulated media falls under the purview of the censors , including internet websites , Darmanto said .
The two censorship boards ( a collection of officials from departments like education , religion , police and national intelligence ) refer to a law passed in 1963 to determine what should be blacklisted .
“ Anything that can disturb the public order can be banned from circulation , ” Darmanto said in an interview .
He said items that contradict the country ’s national development plan , spread concepts of Marxism , Leninism or communism , disparage the nation or national leadership , degrade morals ( such as pornography ) , are anti-religion or disgrace any of the religions permitted in Indonesia or oppose an ethnic group or custom , could disturb the public order .
One recently banned book , which is easily available from any number of street - side booksellers , recounts the still mysterious ascendancy of Suharto in 1965 to when he became president in 1967 .
Others discuss religious pluralism .
A book about the 1970s leftist organization known as Lekra , called “ Lekra Does n’t Burn Books , ” was also recently banned , though not yet burned .
Facing criticism for the recent spike in censorship , the president pointed to the free press in his defense but warned a group of students last week that their freedom was “ not unlimited . ”
Activists said the administration ’s recent effort to control information has revealed its inability to move fully beyond the Suharto - era culture of repression they grew up in .
“ The government is stuck in the past , ” said Gonggong .
“ Banning books , that is not democratic .
That is authoritarian .
The government ca n’t have it both ways .
We are free enough now that if they want to practice that sort authoritarian behavior , we will scream . ”
A white dwarf 3,260 light - years from Earth - mere walking distance in cosmic terms - looks like it could go supernova .
And that stellar explosion would have dire consequences for our planet , not to mention our possible descendants .
Advertisement
Located in the binary system T Pyxidis , the white dwarf in question was originally thought to be far more distant from our solar system .
Although three thousand light - years might sound like a fairly safe distance away from a potential supernova , it really is quite close by astronomical standards .
To put it in some perspective , the diameter of the Milky Way , at roughly 100,000 light - years wide , is multiple orders of magnitude greater than what we 're talking about here .
The huge white dwarf in the T Pyxidis system is known as a recurrent nova because it undergoes relatively minor eruptions at regular intervals .
Small nova explosions have been observed every twenty years for over a century , although the last recorded nova burst was in 1967 .
Astronomers are unsure why the star is overdue .
Advertisement
These explosions occur because the white dwarf attracts stray hydrogen gas from its partner star .
Once the gas has sufficiently built up , the eruption occurs .
The concern for astronomers is whether the amount of hydrogen expelled by the star in these novas is more or less than that originally siphoned off .
If more mass is taken in than is ejected , that means the star is slowly increasing in mass and may at some point reach the so - called Chandrasekhar Limit .
It is at this point that the white dwarf would collapse in on itself due to its own overwhelming gravitational stress , leading to a massive , Type 1A supernova .
Astronomers have generally said any supernova within a hundred light years would be cataclysmic for Earth , but Pyxidis could be dangerous from even thousands of light - years away .
The gamma rays released by a Type 1A supernova at that distance would hit Earth with the force of a thousand solar flares .
Most destructively , the rays would create huge amounts of nitrous oxide in the Earth 's atmosphere , which would in turn eradicate the Ozone Layer .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Admittedly , on the list of threats to our planet , this one should remain fairly low on the list .
The current consensus is that T Pyxidis , if it goes supernova at all , wo n't explode for some ten million years .
By cosmic ( and geological ) standards , ten million years is practically tomorrow , but it's hard to feel too worried about it if T Pyxidis does go supernova .
Even then , it would take three millennia for the radiation to reach Earth .
So our descendants 10,000,000 years from now can rest easy too .
Although I pity those poor fools 10,003,00 years in the future .
Truly , they were the unluckiest of all .
[ Space ]
To linguists our city is part of what ’s known as the " R- less corridor , ” because New Yawkas , like South Londonaws before them , drop their “ R’s ” ( My Daughta ’s a lawya ) .
But , most language experts agree that the designation is quickly becoming irrelevant .
“ New Yorkers are more and more ' R ' - ful , and the amount of R - dropping is decreasing , " says Michael Newman , associate professor of linguistics at Queens College .
But before we get into that , what defines a New York accent and where does it come from ?
The NY Post explains :
Not only do New Yorkers drop Rs ( call the doctah ! ) , they add them in where they 're not needed , usually when the next word starts with a vowel , which creates " I sawr it with my very own eyes ! " and " The sofer in the living room is green . "
It all started across the pond .
Londoners began to drop
Rs around the end of the 1600s , says Newman , about the time New York was settled .
Then there are dipthongs like " Taww - uhk " and " waww - uuhk , " also British .
Other unique pronunciations come from Yiddish and Italian , but they may not be around much longer .
" In Manhattan [ the accent ] is definitely dying , " says George Jochnowitz , retired professor of Linguistics at the College of Staten Island .
One reason may be the influx of people from outside of the state , carrying with them new accents or no accents .
There ’s also self - identity — parents encourage their kids to drop their grating pronunciation to get ahead ; people do n’t like how accents make them sound , so they change the way they speak .
Still , others argue ( and we know it ’s true ) that the accents are just migrating — to Lawn Guyland or New Joisey , for instance .
With Conan O'Brien set to receive $ 40 million to walk away from the " Tonight Show , " the television media is circling to pin the blame for NBC 's broken late night carousel .
Months after moving Jay Leno to primetime , the network announced that they would return their leading chin to late night , prompting O'Brien to demand a severance deal .
Is this mess all Jay 's fault for sticking around , and being generally lame ?
Or Conan 's fault for failing to capture a late night audience , and being too goofy ?
Or NBC 's fault for coming up with the generally horrible idea in the first place ?
Let 's start at the beginning .
The problem with late night comedy is that it 's really neither late night nor comedy .
The NYT's David Carr and his daughter have been watching the Jay Leno show recently , he writes .
But not on TV .
On Hulu .
The first problem with late night comedy is that it 's no longer always late night .
We can watch most television shows online at any time .
But late night TV -- whose transience is literally a part of its genre title : Late Night TV -- loses all cultural currency mere hours after their hosts sign off because the news changes and the jokes stale .
That is , if the shows have n't lost all cultural currency to begin with .
Carr explains :
But as things stand now , by the end of the day , we all have been bombarded by news and commentary from all manner of media , making " The Tonight Show " and its ilk increasingly seem beside the point , no matter who is delivering the monologue .
In its glory days , " The Tonight Show " served as a search engine on culture , letting us know which politician had made a gaffe , which corporate evildoer had been caught doing evil and which starlet had experienced a wardrobe malfunction .
Now the search engine is the search engine -- or more likely , any number of " did - you - see " alerts received by e-mail or on Facebook , Twitter or other sites we visit from our desktops or on our cellphones .
The choice to watch late night TV used to be : Leno or Letterman .
Now it 's Leno , or Letterman , or Community on NBC.com , or CSI on Hulu , or Arrested Development on DVD , and so forth .
Late night TV used to live in the alpine wilderness of midnight television , where no primetime dramas dared to tread .
Now it 's fighting to survive in a jungle where every show on TV is , technically speaking , " on . "
Commuters on the Ipswich or Gold Coast train lines should be sure to lock their car , while those heading to Central Station had better watch their wallet .
And while Beenleigh - bound passengers are among South - East Queensland 's worst behaved , it 's the Ferny Grove line that 's most hit often by vandals .
Citytrain figures released to brisbanetimes.com .au highlight reported crimes at every train station from July 1 , 2007 to June 30 , 2008 .
--------------------------
STATISTICS : Every crime , every station
--------------------------
The results are bad news for those who undertake Queensland Rail 's invitation to ' park and ride ' at stations on the Gold Coast and Ipswich lines .
The Shuttle Endeavour launched into orbit last week , blazing upward on its penultimate mission to the International Space Station .
As it approached , astronauts onboard the now nearly - complete station snapped this dramatic photo of the Orbiter :
Stunning .
And while I am a scientist and a realist , I can't help but see the poetic and metaphoric nature of this shot .
With just four remaining flights of the Space Shuttle , we soon really will be seeing it riding off into the sunset .
Béla Bartók ( 1881 - 1945 )
#
Here are last night 's quiz audio files with proper identifications .
Tomorrow we 'll be talking a bit about Bartók .
As I expect most of you guessed , the orchestral arrangement of the piano original is by the composer , and so is theof the piano original .
Labels : Bartok , Sunday Classics
WEST VANCOUVER -
The shutout is over .
His name is Alex Bilodeau .
He is 22 years old .
His mother forced him to quit playing hockey at the age of seven , so he grudgingly moved to the freestyle club at the local ski hill .
Remember the name , Canada : Alex Bilodeau .
The moguls skier from Rosemere , Que. goes down in history as the first Canadian to ever win gold on home soil .
“ I do n't think I realize it yet , ” said Canada 's newest sporting hero , standing under the bright lights at Cypress Mountain .
“ It 's just too good to be true . ”
And to think Bilodeau also saved people from coast to coast the indignity of watching West Vancouver native Dale Begg - Smith become the first Canadian to hit the top of the podium at home .
On behalf of his adopted country of Australia .
“ Alex took the first gold , ” said Canadian coach Dominick Gauthier .
“ The other athletes can just breathe a bit .
The first gold has been won . ”
And the pressure , to a degree , is off .
“ Of course people would have freaked out like we did for Beijing , ” Gauthier said of the entire week without a single medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
“ Now it 's done .
The athletes can just think about what they have to do . ”
Canada 's dubious shutout streak extended through the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal , the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary and two days of the 2010 Olympics in Vancouver .
Jenn Heil , Bilodeau 's training partner , won silver Saturday .
The country expected gold .
But the avalanche of Canadian medals , Bilodeau promised , has just begun .
“ There are so many good golds to come , ” said Bilodeau , who finished 11th as a teenager at the Turin Olympics .
“ I 've seen all the other athletes in competition .
They are so strong .
I 'm going to be in the stands cheering for them .
“ I 'll try to keep a bit of voice for them . ”
That might be tough .
Bilodeau could barely croak out his words over the madness .
A crowd of 8,269 hearty souls at Cypress Mountain went wild over the rare privilege of witnessing history unfold before them .
Begg - Smith entered the Olympics as the undisputed favourite to win gold .
Born in West Vancouver , the self - made millionaire moved to Australia back in 2001 in a spat with the Canadian Freestyle Ski Association .
Canadian officials refused to allow the rising star the flexibility to balance his burgeoning Internet advertising business with training .
So he left and proceeded to win gold for Australia at the 2006 Winter Games in Turin , Italy .
The 25 - year - old cruised into first place with a score of 26.58 .
Then came Bryon Wilson .
The unknown American finished just back with a score of 26.08 .
Bilodeau stood at the top of the hill and took a deep breath .
“ I had no regrets over what I 've done in the last four years , ” he told himself .
“ I 'm ready .
The most ready I 've ever been . ”
And he was .
Bilodeau launched himself down the hill , flew over the jumps , landed cleanly and roared over the finish line in 23.17 seconds .
Yesterday , the Daily Mail of the UK published a predictably inaccurate article entitled “ Climategate U - turn as scientist at centre of row admits :
There has been no global warming since 1995 ” .
The title itself is a distortion of what Jones actually said in an interview with the BBC .
What Jones actually said is that , while the globe has nominally warmed since 1995 , it is difficult to establish the statistical significance of that warming given the short nature of the time interval ( 1995 - present ) involved .
The warming trend consequently does n’t quite achieve statistical significance .
But it is extremely difficult to establish a statistically significant trend over a time interval as short as 15 years–a point we have made countless times at RealClimate .
It is also worth noting that the CRU record indicates slightly less warming than other global temperature estimates such as the GISS record .
The article also incorrectly equates instrumental surface temperature data that Jones and CRU have assembled to estimate the modern surface temperature trends with paleoclimate data used to estimate temperatures in past centuries , falsely asserting that the former “ has been used to produce the ‘ hockey stick graph ’ ” .
Finally , the article intentionally distorts comments that Jones made about the so - called “ Medieval Warm Period ” .
Jones stated in his BBC interview that “ There is much debate over whether the Medieval Warm Period was global in extent or not .
The MWP is most clearly expressed in parts of North America , the North Atlantic and Europe and parts of Asia ” and that “ For it to be global in extent , the MWP would need to be seen clearly in more records from the tropical regions and the Southern hemisphere .
There are very few palaeoclimatic records for these latter two regions . ”
These are statements with which we entirely agree , and they are moreover fully consistent with the conclusions of the most recent IPCC report , and the numerous peer - reviewed publications on this issue since .
Those conclusions are that recent Northern Hemisphere warming is likely unprecedented in at least a millennium ( at least 1300 years , in fact ) , and that evidence in the Southern Hemisphere is currently too sparse for confident conclusions .
Mann et al in fact drew those same conclusions in their most recent work on this problem ( PNAS , 2008 ) .
Unfortunately , these kinds of distortions are all too common in the press nowadays and so we must all be prepared to respond to those journalists and editors who confuse the public with such inaccuracies .
Update 2/16/10 .
Phil Jones has confirmed to us that our interpretations of his comments in the BBC interview are indeed the correct ones , and that he agrees with the statements in our piece above .
He and his CRU colleagues have also put up an response to some of the false allegations in a previous piece in the UK Guardian .
We ’ll report further such developments as they happen .
Yesterday ’s post , “ True God , True Buddha ” sparked a lot of visits .
Any time you have something like “ true God ” in a title , that ’s sure to pique people ’s interest .
Some come out of curiosity .
Some come to argue and defend the “ true faith . ”
And some just wonder what in the heck a Buddhist site might be saying about a “ true God , ” since Buddhism is n’t theistic !
And by the way , if one does practice some form of Buddhism , what ’s this “ true Buddha ” business all about ?
And just who is trying to tell me what that might be !
Well , that would be Zen Master Seung Sahn !
And in yesterday ’s post of a talk he gave , the jovial teacher spares no one and no thing the proverbial Zen “ whack ” of “ wake up ! ”
Wake up from preconceptions !
Wake up from attachment to words !
Wake up from concepts and too much thinking !
As he said in another talk : “ Zen is not dependent on Buddha , not dependent on God , not dependent on sutras or any Zen Master .
Depend on your true self .
This is the correct way . ”
Rather than dogmatically saying what God , or Buddha , or the mind are , in true Zen fashion , he mostly says what these things are not :
The different paths to the mountaintop are made by our mind .
But what is mind ?
If you try to understand it intellectually , you will not find it .
Our mind is very big , but it ’s also small .
A very sharp needle cannot touch this mind , because this mind is smaller than the tip of the needle .
But our mind is also bigger than the whole universe .
Sometimes our mind is very bright , sometimes very dark .
If you make “ my path , ” you also make “ my mind . ”
But if you let go of “ my mind , ” you become a Buddha .
Then any path will lead you to the mountaintop .
If you control your mind , you control everything .
But if you say , “ I control my mind , ” then what is this that controls the mind ?
Is it some other mind that controls the mind or is it no mind ?
Also , how do you control your mind ?
Where is your mind ?
Are you and your mind two things or one ?
Same or different ?
Big problem !
That ’s all thinking .
POW !
Put it all down , OK ?
Do n’t think !
The Diamond Sutra says “ All things are impermanent .
A pure view is to see all appearances as non-appearances .
When all appearances and non-appearances disappear , that ’s complete stillness .
Then you can see Buddha nature . ”
But if everything is impermanent , I am also impermanent ; Buddha is also impermanent .
Then how can I see Buddha ?
How can impermanence see impermanence ?
As usual , Seung offers no dogmatic answers , but rather gives us koans to think about and ponder , and that way leads to enlightenment .
With the appearing of the “ only do n’t know ” mind that Seung so often talks about , we find the answers reveal themselves in the quiet of true presence and attention .
By the way , this “ only do n’t know ” state reminds me very much of what J. Krishnamurti says about meditation in “ Freedom from the Known . ”
See :
Krishnamurti-An Uncompromising Teacher
Krishnamurti-Freedom from the Known ( full text of “ Freedom from the Known available here )
One of the things I love about Seung Sahn is how much he conveys the joy and humor of dharma practice .
Dharma practice , joyous and humorous ?
This often is n’t the popular image of Buddhism , wherein people solemnly meditate and grimly renounce the world and all earthly attachments .
Of course , that ’s a caricature .
If you really “ get ” what Buddhism is all about , you know it ’s all about finding genuine happiness .
You ’ll find plenty of humor in this practice , and even in meditation .
And through metta , you ’ll find a growing love for everyone and everything .
The issues we face as humans could n’t be more serious , but aversion to the world , whether its sorrows or its joys , does n’t liberate , either .
Let ’s give the great Master the final word :
Do n’t make anything , O.K ?
Do n’t check anything , do n’t hold anything , do n’t want anything , do n’t attach to anything .
If you want something , then you have a problem ; if you want Enlightenment , then you have a # 1 big problem .
Then you will have a headache , an energy - up headache .
Do n’t want anything ; do n’t attach to anything .
“ I want to sit correctly , ” “ I want to be a correct Zen student , ” “ I want correct practicing . ”
If you are attached to any kong - an , then you have a problem .
So do n’t check , do n’t hold , do n’t want , do n’t attach – which means do n’t make anything .
Then your mind is already complete .
Enlightenment is not special .
Put it all down , everything !
Only Do n’t Know !
Then Do n’t Know will open by itself .
In the springtime , all flowers open up by themselves .
If you go to a greenhouse in the wintertime , you will find many flowers – only hothouse flowers .
That ’s O.K. , but they are not correct , not strong .
Outside , spring comes , the grass grows by itself .
Flowers are blooming .
That is the true way .
♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
Ok , admittedly , the picture of her in front of the New York City skyline in Mickey Mouse ears may not exactly be what most consider " normal , " but Tina Fey swears she is .
The actress and comedienne is featured in Vogue 's March issue , and she wants everyone to know that in a world run rampant by celebrity craziness , she 's a champion for the average .
" I feel like I represent normalcy in some way , " she said in the interview .
" What are your choices today in entertainment ?
People either represent youth , power , or sexuality .
And then there ’s me , carrying normalcy . ”
Well , okay , “ me and Rachel Ray , " Fey admitted .
But however normal she tries to be , that does n't mean that everyone 's a fan - especially after all of those Sarah Palin impressions that she did all through 2009
" People started projecting politics onto me , ” she said .
“ There are people who hate me now because of that . ”
Could part of that hate be because she and Palin are both women ?
Fey thinks it 's a possibility .
" The weird thing is that when Darrell Hammond or Will Ferrell or Dana Carvey did an impersonation of a president , no one assumed it was personal , " she said , " but because Sarah Palin and I are both women and people think women are meaner to each other , everyone assumed it was personal . ”
The nature of female relationships also contributes to fashion , Fey said .
" I think women dress for other women to let them know what their deal is .
Because if women were only dressing for men , there would be nothing but Victoria ’s Secret .
There would be no Dior . ”
Nor would there likely be any fashion magazines .
Which , by the way , are n't as responsible for unhealthy body image as people think , Fey said .
" People will say , ‘ Oh , fashion magazines are so bad , they ’re giving girls a negative message ’ — but we ’re also the fattest country in the world , so it ’s not like we ’re all looking at fashion magazines and not eating , " she said in the interview .
" Maybe it just starts a shame cycle : I ’m never going to look like that model , so … Chicken McNuggets it is !
And conversely , I do n’t look at models who are crazy skinny and think I want to look like that , because a lot of them are gigantic , with giant hands and giant feet . ”
Has the housing market bottomed ?
Is now a good time to buy a house if you 've been waiting patiently for years ?
I receive queries like this on a regular basis , and my responses do not take the form of advice -- after all , how can anyone know the reader 's full financial / family situation except the reader ?
And how can anyone outside the area possibly know the many variables of the local real estate market ?
The only thing I can offer is a context for analysis and decisionmaking .
Let 's start with the big question :
Is this the bottom ?
Despite a very sharp bounce in sales and prices in some beaten - down markets like San Diego ( please see California Housing Forecast for particulars on the multiple bidding environment which took hold there in 2009 ) , the short answer is " probably not , based on bubble symmetry and the fundamentals of supply and demand . "
Let 's stipulate two points :
1. Housing / real estate was a classic speculative bubble .
2 . All speculative bubbles tend to track a symmetrical pattern .
Simply put : if the bubble took seven years to reach its blow - off top , then its decline will typically take a similar length of time as prices fully retrace to pre-bubble levels .
Here are some charts that illustrate the point .
This is the Nasdaq dot - com speculative bubble , which traced out a sharp rise and decline somewhat like the Tulip Bulb Mania and other previous speculative bubbles .
The key feature to note is how eager " bottom fishers , " still caught up in the false promise of " easy wealth in real estate / tulip bulbs / the Internet " etc. jump in far too early , creating brief spikes in demand and thus price .
Then supply once again overwhelms demand , which falters , and prices resume their decline .
As for falling demand :
Existing home sales plummet 16.7 % in December .
As for supply : it is common knowledge that hundreds of thousands of homes are currently in the limbo of " shadow inventory " -- homes the lenders wo n't foreclose for fear they can't be sold , homes held off the market by owners who are deeply underwater on their mortgages , etc .
As soon as demand appears , then supply rockets up as those anxious to sell then shift properties from the " shadow inventory " into the market .
The other feature to note in this chart is that the dominant speculative belief ( in this case , that " real estate is the foundation of easy wealth creation " ) takes years to expire .
This is a chart I prepared as the housing bubble climbed toward its ultimate peak in 2006 / early 2007 .
It suggests that the next leg down in still - overpriced markets is about to begin , and that the final bottom will probably not be reached until the 2013 - 2014 time frame .
So the answer to the question " what is fair value ? " is consistent : pre-bubble prices , that is , whatever the house fetched in the 1994 - 7 timeframe .
Here we see that national home prices have already retraced to 2002 levels -- about halfway down the slope to a full retrace .
Once again we see that bubble symmetry suggests the final bottom will not be reached until 2013 - 2014 .
In some once - hot areas , prices have already returned to pre-bubble valuations , or even lower .
If this metric has been reached , then we need to ask these additional questions about any potential purchase :
1 . Does the property have any inherent value , i.e. is it close to centers of jobs and commerce , have deep soil and good water , solidly constructed , etc . ?
A poorly constructed McMansion sitting forlornly in an exurban development that 's unoccupied and falling to pieces , far from jobs and any social life , is doomed to be bulldozed .
Its location and construction served no purpose except speculation .
Since it is poorly built , then even a price of $ 1 is too expensive because it will be a money pit to maintain / repair .
2 . Is the total cost of ownership -- mortgages , insurance , property taxes and routine maintenance expenses -- substantially lower than renting an equivalent home ?
One reader recently purchased a home with a substantial down payment with the net result that his monthly housing costs ( not counting any large maintenance expenses like a new furnace or roof , of course ) dropped to below $ 600 / month compared to $ 900 / month for the house he was renting .
The danger here is that as the supply of rental homes and apartments rises , rents are already dropping in any locales .
That is , rent is not a fixed number but a moving target .
Rents may decline for years if demand remains lower than supply .
On the other hand , areas close to jobs and commerce might see rising rental demand as people try to move closer to jobs , schools , social life , etc. as rents in these desirable areas decline .
3 . Can you afford to have the capital ( down payment ) tied up in illiquid real estate ?
Given the financial uncertainties , it might not be wise for anyone to dump all their cash savings into a house which cannot be readily sold should some other pressing need arise .
4 . Are your sources of household income stable and not subject to the whims of Corporate America 's penchant for transfers ?
There are few better ways to churn through a fortune than to buy a house in a disintegrating market and then be forced to sell due to a Corporate relocation , then buy another home near your new assignment .
Losing money every month supporting two homes , both of which are losing value and neither of which can be sold for their purchase price -- this is a financial nightmare to be avoided at all costs .
5 . Can the mortgage , taxes , insurance and maintenance be paid by one income in a two - income household ?
Job security is a relative term as corporations shed jobs , small businesses fold and local government finally faces the double - bind of declining tax revenues and increasing pension costs .
Thus it is prudent to align housing expense such that one income can cover the bills if someone in the household loses their job .
For renters , the loss of one income can be met by moving to a cheaper rental .
A homeowner has no such flexibility .
Bottom line : what are the consequences if housing continues declining for 3 - 4 more years ?
If housing in a locale has already fully retraced to pre-bubble valuations , then the rest of the questions can be used to construct a decison tree .
In an economy which is disintegrating on multiple levels , it 's prudent to ask " what if ? " questions and think through " worst - case scenarios " before committing capital and making a long - term commitment to a property .
DailyJava.net is now open for aggregating our collective intelligence .
Order Survival+ : Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation from your local bookseller or from amazon.com or in ebook and Kindle formats .
A 20 % discount is available from the publisher .
Of Two Minds is now available via Kindle : Of Two Minds blog - Kindle
" This guy is THE leading visionary on reality .
He routinely discusses things which no one else has talked about , yet , turn out to be quite relevant months later . "
-- Walt Howard , commenting about CHS on another blog .
Thank you , Matt G. ( $ 20 ) , for your extremely generous contribution to this site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
Thank you , Eileen F. ( $ 10 ) , for your very generous contribution to this site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
Your readership is greatly appreciated with or without a donation .
For more on this subject and a wide array of other topics , please visit my weblog .
Trivia
A real live criminal , on the run from the Baltimore Police Department , entered the set of Homicide ( 1993 ) and surrendered to the actors in uniform .
This incident was later spoofed in an episode where the actors in the show chased a suspect onto the set of " Homicide " and encountered the director , Barry Levinson , and several of their favorite actors from the show .
See more
Your Guide to Cutting Federal Spending
Zircon -
This is a contributing Drupal ThemeDesign by WeebPal
I spoke to Bashar Assad , the president of Syria , this winter in Damascus .
Assad assumed the presidency after his father ’s death , in 2000 , when he was thirty - four years old , and he expressed some empathy for President Barack Obama , who , like Assad , was confronted with a steep learning curve .
One note : a transcript of our talk , provided by Assad ’s office , was generally accurate but it did not include an exchange we had about intelligence .
A senior Syrian official had told me that , last year , Syria , which is on the State Department ’s list of state sponsors of terrorism , had renewed its sharing of intelligence on terrorism with the C.I.A. and with Britain ’s MI6 , after a request from Obama that was relayed by George Mitchell , the President ’s envoy for the Middle East .
( The White House declined to comment . )
Assad said that he had agreed to do so , and then added that he also has warned Mitchell “ that if nothing happens from the other side ” — in terms of political progress — “ we will stop it . ”
Quotes from our conversation follow .
President Barack Obama :
Bush gave Obama this big ball of fire , and it is burning , domestically and internationally .
Obama , he does not know how to catch it .
The approach has changed ; no more dictations but more listening and more recognition of America ’s problems around the world , especially in Afghanistan and Iraq .
But at the same time there are no concrete results … .
What we have is only the first step … .
Maybe I am optimistic about Obama , but that does not mean that I am optimistic about other institutions that play negative or paralyzing role [s ] to Obama .
If you talk about four years , you have one year to learn and the last year to work for the next elections .
So , you only have two years .
The problem , with these complicated problems around the world , where the United States should play a role to find a solution , is that two years is a very short time … .
Is it enough for somebody like Obama ?
Hillary Clinton :
Some say that even Hilary Clinton does not support Obama .
Some say she still has ambition to be President some day — that is what they say .
The press conference of Hillary with [ Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin ]
Netanyahu [ in which she appeared to walk away from the Administration ’s call for a freeze on settlements ] was very bad , even for the image of the United States .
Israel and the United States :
To be biased and side with the Israelis , this is traditional for the United States ; we do not expect them to be in the middle soon .
So we can deal with this issue , and we can find a way if you want to talk about the peace process .
But the vision does not seem to be clear on the U.S. side as to what they really want to happen in the Middle East .
Negotiations with Israel :
I have half a million Palestinians and they have been living here for three generations now .
So , if you do not find a solution for them , then what peace you are talking about ?
What , I said , is the difference between peace and a peace treaty ?
Peace treaty is what you sign , but peace is when you have normal relations .
So , you start with a peace treaty in order to achieve peace … .
If they say you can have the entire Golan back , we will have a peace treaty .
But they cannot expect me to give them the peace they expect … .
You start with the land ; you do not start with peace .
The Israelis :
You need a special dictionary for their terms … .
They do not have any of the old generation who used to know what politics means , like Rabin and the others .
That is why I said they are like children fighting each other , messing with the country ; they do not know what to do .
[ The Israelis ] wanted to destroy Hamas in the war [ in December , 2008 ] and make Abu Mazen strong in the West Bank .
Actually it is a police state , and they weakened Abu Mazen and made Hamas stronger .
Now they wanted to destroy Hamas .
But what is the substitute for Hamas ?
It is Al Qaeda , and they do not have a leader to talk to , to talk about anything .
They are not ready to make dialogue .
They [ Al Qaeda ] only want to die in the field .
Europe and the Iranian nuclear negotiation :
This is not European but Bush ’s initiative adopted by the Europeans .
The Europeans are like the postman ; they pretend that they are not like this but they are like a postman ; they are completely passive and I told them that .
I told the French when I visited France .
Iran :
Imposing sanctions [ on Iran ] is a problem because they will not stop the program and they will accelerate it if you are suspicious .
They can make problems to the Americans more than the other way around .
If I am Ahmadinejad , I will not give all the uranium because I do not have a guarantee [ in response to American and European insistence that most of Iran ’s low - enriched uranium be sent abroad for further enrichment to make it usable for a research reactor , but not for a bomb ] … .
So , the only solution is that they can send you part and you send it back enriched , and then they send another part … .
The only advice I can give to Obama : accept this Iranian proposal because this is very good and very realistic .
[ Note : the Iranian position appeared to be shifting this week . ]
Lebanon :
The civil war in Lebanon could start in days ; it does not take weeks or months ; it could start just like this .
One cannot feel assured about anything in Lebanon unless they change the whole system .
Cooperating with the United States in Iraq :
They [ American officials ] only talk about the borders ; this is a very narrow - minded way .
But we said yes .
We said yes — and , you know , during Bush we used to say no , but when Mitchell came [ as Obama ’s envoy ] I said O.K. …
I told Mitchell by saying this is the first step and when find something positive from the American side we move to the next level … .
We sent our delegation to the borders and [ the Iraqis ] did not come .
Of course , the reason is that [ Nouri ] al - Maliki [ the Prime Minister of Iraq ] is against it .
So far there is nothing , there is no cooperation about anything and even no real dialogue .
George Mitchell :
I told him , you were successful in Ireland , but this is different … .
[ Mitchell ] is very keen to succeed .
And he wants to do something good , but I compare with the situation in the United States : the Congress has not changed … .
But the whole atmosphere is not positive towards the President in general .
And that is why I think his envoys cannot succeed .
Criticisms of some Israeli policies at the J - Street founding conference :
Ahh … that is new !…
But we should educate them that if they are worried about Israel , then the only thing that can protect Israel is peace , nothing else .
No amount of airplanes or weapons could protect Israel , so they have to forget about that .
Pakistan ’s government :
They supported [ Afghan President Hamid ] Karzai and realized he cannot deliver .
I do not know why they supported him and why — nobody knows why .
American power :
Now the problem is that the United States is weaker , and the whole influential world is weak as well … .
You always need power to do politics .
Now nobody is doing politics ….
So what you need is strong United States with good politics , not weaker United States .
If you have weaker United States , it is not good for the balance of the world .
Wednesday , 3 February 2010 20:29 Astronomy
Ireland says a major fireball was spotted over Ireland at around 6 pm this evening .
It says the rock from space was seen blazing in the air by people all over the country .
Astronomy Ireland says there is a very good chance it has landed inland , but it is unlikely to have injured anyone .
Advertisement
It is not clear yet where it might have landed because the fireball was spotted by people all over the country .
While it would have been travelling at high speed when it was spotted , the rock would have slowed down when it hit the atmosphere .
The fireball could have been as large as a desk .
Valentia Coastguard said it has had reports of sightings from people living in Mullingar , Limerick , Ballybunion and Bantry .
Bridgestone will continue its policy of using a green stripe to differentiate between its soft and hard tyre compounds during the 2010 season .
Chief engineer at Bridgestone Motorsport Jun Matsuzaki said : “ We continue to support the FIA ? ������s Make Cars Green campaign so the green stripe will remain . ”
He also confirmed that Bridgestone will introduce new tyre constructions and compounds this year :
All compounds have changed from last year based on the feedback and data we gained last season as well as the rule changes for this season .
The tyres are designed to be more durable for this season due to the heavier cars and different strategy options because of no more refuelling .
Jun Matsuzaki
Bridgestone will leave F1 at the end of 2010 .
Google has opened up a US support number that will be answered by a human being , as well as tweaking the small print to make its mobile phone more attractive .
Not that Mountain View will be providing technical support as such , only enquiries into the ordering and shipping process will be dealt with by Google - everything else gets directed to HTC or T - Mobile as appropriate .
But if you 've got an outstanding order for a Nexus
One then you should be able to speak to a real person , which is how it should have been at launch .
Support for the Nexus One has been lamentable to say the least - Google 's reliance on self - support forums and email contacts has left many buyers disenchanted by the company , and quick to share their anger with the world .
Not only has Google succumbed to the inevitability of human contact , but the company has also had to reduce the " Equipment Recovery Fee " introduced in the Nexus One small print and invoked if cellular service is cancelled within four months .
The original version of the terms of sale required a repayment of the entire subsidy : so someone paying $ 179 for a subsidised handset would automatically have $ 350 charged to their credit card if they cancelled the T - Mobile connection , in addition to any charge levied by T - Mobile .
That 's been reduced to $ 150 for new T - Mobile customers , and $ 50 for those who switched tariffs to get a Nexus One , but is still automatically deducted from the credit card .
That 's probably down to T - Mobile agreeing to hand over the subsidy to Google even if the customer tries to cancel the connection , as happens with any other subsidised handset , " early termination " fees are charged for exactly this reason and Google is unique in billing customers directly for subsidy - recovery .
All this takes Google takes one step closer to being a normal seller of mobile phones : the mobile industry is surprisingly resistant to change , and even Google is going to have to play nicely for a while at least . ®
Has anyone else noticed that the split in the progressive blogosphere between those who are saying " it 's a good bill in spite of everything " ( Kevin Drum , Matt Yglesias , Ezra Klein , Josh Marshall , to name a few ) and those who just can't bring themselves to support Liebercare ( Markos and Digby come to mind , among bloggers who have been at it since 2003 * ) is eerily similar to the split between those who grudgingly backed the invasion of Iraq and those who fought against the war seven years ago ?
To a large degree , it 's the same cast of characters , with the same tone to the arguments .
It 's the policy wonks versus the activists .
On the wonky side , there is ( and was , in 2003 ) a resigned sense that this is n't an ideal action , but that we do n't live in an ideal world , and that consequently we should suck it up and support an imperfect initiative .
On the other , there is ( and was , in 2003 ) a resistance born of an awareness that Congressional Democrats will more often than not -- and often unintentionally -- screw themselves and the country , out of a misguided belief that powerful forces with agendas very different from that of the Democratic Party can be managed and trusted .
It 's been long enough since the invasion of Iraq that the two camps - the credulous wonks and dirty fucking hippies - have reconciled ( and even interbred ) , but the dynamic that separated us in 2003 is the same .
The fundamental difference in approach is still there .
When all is said and done , the wonks trust Democratic politicians to protect our interests .
The activists do n't .
That does n't mean that we do n't like certain Democratic politicians , or that we do n't cherish our wonky brethren .
It just means that we 're not willing to get fooled again .
______________________
* I imagine that Jane Hamsher and most of the other bloggers calling for opposition to Liebercare also opposed the Iraq invasion , but Jane et al were n't blogging way back then , at least as far as I know .
AFP
MORE than at any time since the cold war , liberal democracy needs defending .
That warning was issued recently by Arch Puddington , a veteran American campaigner for civil and political rights around the world .
This week the reasons for his concern became clearer .
Freedom House , a lobby group based in Washington , DC ( where Mr Puddington is research director ) , found in its latest annual assessment that liberty and human rights had retreated globally for the fourth consecutive year .
It said this marked the longest period of decline in freedom since the organisation began its reports nearly 40 years ago .
Freedom
House classifies countries as “ free ” , “ partly free ” or “ not free ” by a range of indicators that reflect its belief that political liberty and human rights are interlinked .
As well as the fairness of their electoral systems , countries are assessed for things like the integrity of judges and the independence of trade unions .
Among the latest findings are that authoritarian regimes are not just more numerous ; they are more confident and influential .
In its report entitled “ Freedom in the World 2010 : Global Erosion of Freedom ” , the American lobby group found that declines in liberty occurred last year in 40 countries ( in Africa , Latin America , the Middle East and the ex-Soviet Union ) while gains were recorded in 16 .
The number of electoral democracies went down by three , to 116 , with Honduras , Madagascar , Mozambique and Niger dropping off the list while the Maldives were reinstated .
This leaves the total at its lowest since 1995 , although it is still comfortably above the 1990 figure of 69 .
Taken as a whole , the findings suggest a huge turn for the worse since the bubbly mood of 20 years ago , when the collapse of Soviet communism , plus the fall of apartheid , convinced people that liberal democracy had prevailed for good .
To thinkers like America 's Francis Fukuyama , this was the time when it became evident that political freedom , underpinned by economic freedom , marked the ultimate stage in human society 's development : the “ end of history ” , at least in a moral sense .
In the very early days after the Soviet collapse , Russia and some of its neighbours swarmed with Western advisers , disseminating not only the basics of market economics but also the mechanics of multi-party democracy .
And for a short time , these pundits found willing listeners .
Today , the idea that politicians in ex-communist countries would take humble lessons from Western counterparts seems laughable .
There is more evidence of authoritarians swapping tips .
In October , for example , the pro-Kremlin United Russia party held its latest closed - door meeting with the Chinese Communist party .
Despite big contrasts between the two countries — not many people in Russia think there is a Chinese model they could easily apply — the Russians were interested by the Chinese “ experience in building a political system dominated by one political party , ” according to one report of the meeting .
For freedom - watchers in the West , the worrying thing is that the cause of liberal democracy is not merely suffering political reverses , it is also in intellectual retreat .
Semi - free countries , uncertain which direction to take , seem less convinced that the liberal path is the way of the future .
And in the West , opinion - makers are quicker to acknowledge democracy 's drawbacks — and the apparent fact that contested elections do more harm than good when other preconditions for a well - functioning system are absent .
It is a sign of the times that a British reporter , Humphrey Hawksley , has written a book with the title : “ Democracy Kills : What 's So Good About the Vote ? ” .
A more nuanced argument , against the promotion of electoral democracy at the expense of other goals , has been made by other observers .
Paul Collier , an Oxford professor , has asserted that democracy in the absence of other desirables , like the rule of law , can hobble a country 's progress .
Mark Malloch - Brown , a former head of the UN Development Programme , is still a believer in democracy as a driver of economic advancement , but he thinks that in countries like Afghanistan , the West has focused too much on procedures — like multi-party elections — and is not open enough to the idea that other kinds of consensus might exist .
At the University of California , Randall Peerenboom defends the “ East Asian model ” , according to which economic development naturally precedes democracy .
Whatever the eggheads may be saying , there are some obvious reasons why Western governments ' zeal to promote democracy , and the willingness of other countries to listen , have ebbed .
In many quarters ( including Western ones ) , the assault on Saddam Hussein 's Iraq , and its bloody aftermath , seemed to confirm people 's suspicion that promoting democracy as an American foreign - policy aim was ill - conceived or plain cynical .
In Afghanistan , the other country where an American - led coalition has been waging war in democracy 's name , the corruption and deviousness of the local political elite , and the flaws of last year 's election , have been an embarrassment .
In the Middle East , America 's enthusiasm for promoting democracy took a dip after the Palestinian elections of 2006 , which brought Hamas to office .
The European Union 's “ soft power ” on its eastern rim has waned as enlargement fatigue has grown .
But perhaps the biggest reason why democracy 's magnetic power has waned is the rise of China — and the belief of its would - be imitators that they too can create a dynamic economy without easing their grip on political power .
In the political rhetoric of many authoritarian governments , fascination with copying China 's trick can clearly be discerned .
For example , Syria 's ruling Baath party talks of a “ socialist market economy ” that will fuel growth while keeping stability .
Communist Vietnam has emulated China 's economic reforms , but it was one of the states scolded by Freedom House this year for curbing liberty .
Iran has called in Chinese legal experts and economists .
There are limits to how much an Islamic republic and a communist state can have in common , but they seem to agree on what to avoid : Western - style freedom .
Even Cuba , while clinging to Marxist ideas , has shown an interest in China 's economic reforms .
And from the viewpoint of many poor countries , especially in Africa , co-operating with China — both economically and politically — has many advantages : not least the fact that China refrains from delivering lectures on political and human freedom .
The global economic downturn — and China 's ability to survive it — has clearly added to that country 's appeal .
The power of China ( and a consequent lessening of official concern over human rights ) is palpable in Central Asia .
But as dissidents in the region note , it is not just Chinese influence that makes life hard for them ; it is also the dithering of Western governments which often temper their moral concerns with commercial ones .
The argument for open argument
Given that democracy is unlikely to advance , these days , through the military or economic preponderance of the West , its best hope lies in winning a genuinely open debate .
In other words , wavering countries , and sceptical societies , must be convinced that political freedom works best .
So how does the case in defence of democracy stand up these days ?
As many a philosopher has noted , the strongest points to be made in favour of a free political contest are negative .
Democracy may not yield perfect policies , but it ought to guard against all manner of ills , ranging from outright tyranny ( towards which a “ mild ” authoritarian can always slide ) to larceny at the public expense .
Transparency International , a corruption watchdog , says that all but two of the 30 least corrupt countries in the world are democracies ( the exceptions are Singapore and Hong Kong , and they are considered semi-democratic ) .
Autocracies tend to occupy much higher rankings on the corruption scale ( China is somewhere in the middle ) and it is easy to see why .
Entrenched political elites , untroubled by free and fair elections , can get away more easily with stuffing their pockets .
And strongmen often try to maintain their hold on power by relying on public funds to reward their supporters and to buy off their enemies , leading to a huge misallocation of resources .
Yet it is easy to find corrupt democracies — indeed , in a ramshackle place like Afghanistan elections sometimes seem to make things worse .
Or take the biggest of the ex-Soviet republics .
Russia is authoritarian and has a massive problem with corruption ; Ukraine is more democratic — the forthcoming elections are a genuine contest for power , with uncertain results — but it too has quite a big corruption problem .
Ukraine has no “ Kremlin ” , wielding authority over all - comers , but that does not make it clean or well - governed .
What about the argument that economic development , at least in its early stages , is best pursued under a benign despot ?
Lee Kuan
Yew , an ex-prime minister of Singapore , once asserted that democracy leads to “ disorderly conduct ” , disrupting material progress .
But there is no evidence that autocracies , on average , grow faster than democracies .
For every economically successful East Asian ( former ) autocracy like Taiwan or South Korea , there is an Egypt or a Cameroon ( or indeed a North Korea or a Myanmar ) which is both harsh and sluggish .
The link between political systems and growth is hard to establish .
Yet there is some evidence that , on average , democracies do better .
A study by Morton Halperin , Joseph Siegle and Michael Weinstein for the Council of Foreign Relations ( CFR ) , using World Bank data between 1960 and 2001 , found that the average annual economic growth rate was 2.3 % for democracies and 1.6 % for autocracies .
Other studies , though , are less clear .
Believers in democracy as an engine of progress often make the point that a climate of freedom is most needed in a knowledge - based economy , where independent thinking and innovation are vital .
It is surely no accident that every economy in the top 25 of the Global Innovation Index is a democracy , except semi-democratic Singapore and Hong Kong .
China , which comes 27th in this table , is often cited as a vast exception to this rule .
Chinese brainpower has made big strides in fields like computing , green technology and space flight .
The determination of China 's authorities to impose their own terms on the information revolution was highlighted this week when Google , the search engine , said it might pull out of China after a cyber - attack that targeted human - rights activists .
Since entering the Chinese market in 2006 , Google had agreed to the censorship of some search results , at the authorities ' insistence .
Admirers of China 's iron hand may conclude that it can manage well without the likes of Google , which was being trounced in the local market by Baidu , a Chinese rival .
But in the medium term , the mentality that insists on hobbling search engines will surely act as a break on creative endeavour .
And no country should imagine that by becoming as autocratic as China , it will automatically become as dynamic as China is .
What about the argument that autocracy creates a modicum of stability without which growth is impossible ?
In fact , it is not evident that authoritarian countries are more stable than democracies .
Quite the contrary .
Although democratic politicians spend a lot of time vacillating , arguing and being loud and disagreeable , this can reinforce stability in the medium term ; it allows the interests and viewpoints of more people to be heard before action is taken .
On the State Fragility Index , which is produced annually by George Mason University and studies variables such as “ political effectiveness ” and security , democracies tend to do much better than autocracies .
Tito 's Yugoslavia was stable , as was Saddam Hussein 's Iraq — but once the straitjacket that held their systems together came off , the result was a release of pent - up pressure , and a golden opportunity for demagogues bent on mayhem .
At the very least , a culture of compromise — coupled with greater accountability and limits on state power — means that democracies are better able to avoid catastrophic mistakes , or criminal cruelty .
Bloody nightmares that cost tens of millions of lives , like China 's Great Leap Forward or the Soviet Union 's forced collectivisation programme , were made possible by the concentration of power in a small group of people who faced no restraint .
Panos
Worth fighting for ?
Liberal democratic governments can make all manner of blunders , but they are less likely to commit mass murder .
Amartya Sen , a Nobel prize - winning economist , has famously argued that no country with a free press and fair elections has ever had a large famine .
And research by those three CFR scholars found that poor autocracies were at least twice as likely as democracies to suffer an economic disaster ( defined as a decline of 10 % or more in GDP in a year ) .
With no noisy legislatures or robust courts to hold things up , autocracies may be faster and bolder .
They are also more accident - prone .
For all its frustrations , open and accountable government tends in the long run to produce better policies .
This is because no group of mandarins , no matter how enlightened or well - meaning , can claim to be sure what is best for a complex society .
Autocracies tend to be too heavy at the top : although decisions may be more easily taken , the ethos of autocracies — their secrecy and paranoia — makes it harder for alternative views to emerge .
Above all , elections make the transfer of power legitimate and smooth .
Tyrannies may look stable under one strongman ; but they can slide into instability , even bloody chaos , if a transition goes awry .
Free elections also mean that policy mistakes , even bad ones , are more quickly corrected .
Fresh ideas can be brought in and politicians thrown out before they grow too arrogant .
But if something has been learnt from the recent backlash against democratic enthusiasm , it is that ballot boxes alone are nothing like enough .
Unless solid laws protect individual and minority rights , and government power is limited by clear checks , such as tough courts , an electoral contest can simply lead to a “ tyranny of the majority ” , as Alexis de Tocqueville , a French philosopher , called it .
That point has particular force in countries where some variety of political Islam seems likely to prevail in any open contest .
In such places , minorities include dissident Muslims who often prefer to remain under the relative safety offered by a despot .
Another caveat is that democracy has never endured in countries with mainly non-market economies .
The existence of an overweening state machine that meddles in everything can tempt leaders to use it against their political foes .
Total control of the economy also sucks the air away from what Istvan Bibo , a Hungarian political thinker , called “ the little circles of freedom ” — the free associations and independent power centres that a free economy allows .
Free - market economies help create a middle class that is less susceptible to state pressure and political patronage .
Perhaps most important , democracy needs leaders with an inclination and ability to compromise : what Walter Bagehot , a 19th - century editor of The Economist , called a “ disposition rather to give up something than to take the uttermost farthing ” .
Without a propensity for tolerating and managing differences , rival groups can easily reduce democracy to a ruthless struggle for power that ultimately wears down liberal institutions .
Democracy , this suggests , is more likely to succeed in countries with a shared feeling of belonging together , without strong cultural or ethnic fissures that can easily turn political conflict into the armed sort .
Better positioned are “ people so fundamentally at one that they can safely afford to bicker , ” as Lord Balfour , a 19th - century British politician , said .
Such was not the case in Yugoslavia in the 1990s or in Lebanon in the 1970s .
Even where all the right conditions are in place , democracy will not prevail unless its proponents show success at governing .
No constitution can , in itself , guarantee good governance .
The success of any political system ultimately depends on whether it can provide basic things like security , wealth and justice .
And in countries where experiments in democracy are in full swing , daily reality is more complex than either zealous democracy - promoters or authoritarian sceptics will allow .
In Kabul a 26 - year - old handyman called Jamshed speaks for many compatriots when he lists the pros and cons of the new Western - imposed order .
Compared with life under the Taliban , he appreciates the new “ freedom to listen to music , to go out with your wife , to study or do whatever you want . ”
But he cannot help remembering that “ under the Taliban , you could leave your shop to pray and nobody would steal anything …now the government is corrupt , they take all your money . ”
Jamshed has never read John Stuart Mill or Ayn Rand .
But whether he is ruled by theocrats or Western - backed election winners , he knows what he does n't like .
4 . Heat the remaining olive oil over medium heat in the same skillet , or in a large , wide saucepan .
Add the onion and a generous pinch of salt , and cook gently until it is just tender , about three minutes .
Do not brown .
Add the rice and the garlic , and stir until the grains separate and begin to crackle .
Add the wine , and stir until it has been absorbed .
Begin adding the simmering stock , a couple of ladlefuls ( about 1/2 cup ) at a time .
The stock should just cover the rice and should be bubbling , not too slowly but not too quickly .
Cook , stirring often , until it is just about absorbed .
Add another ladleful or two of the stock , and continue to cook in this fashion , stirring in more stock when the rice is almost dry .
You do not have to stir constantly , but stir often .
After 10 minutes , stir in the Brussels sprouts .
Continue adding stock and stirring .
When the rice is tender all the way through but still chewy , in about 25 minutes , it is done .
Taste now and adjust seasoning , adding salt and pepper to taste .
Add another ladleful of stock to the rice .
Stir in the lemon zest , lemon juice and Parmesan , and remove from the heat .
The mixture should be creamy ( add more stock if it is n’t ) .
Serve right away in wide soup bowls or on plates , spreading the risotto in a thin layer rather than a mound .
Yield : Serves four to six .
Advance preparation :
You can begin up to several hours before serving .
Proceed with the recipe and cook halfway through step 4  that is , for about 15 minutes .
The rice should still be hard when you remove it from the heat , and there should not be any liquid in the pan .
Spread it in an even layer in the pan , and keep it away from the heat until you resume cooking .
If the pan is not wide enough for you to spread the rice in a thin layer , transfer it to a sheet pan .
Fifteen minutes before serving , bring the remaining stock back to a simmer , and reheat the rice .
Resume cooking as instructed .
Martha Rose Shulman can be reached at martha- rose - shulman.com .
I was having a discussion earlier on IRC about the role of the N900 ’s App Manager .
The question I ’m raising is : is it legitimate to package non-programs which can be already downloaded in another way ?
Here ’s an example .
A film which is DFSG - free such as Sita Sings the Blues could be packaged as an app .
The package would install the .mp4 of the film , which would then appear in Media Player , but perhaps would also have an icon in the launcher .
( Of course people can already find Sita on the web and watch or download it there , giving the same effect , but then they might be more likely to find it in the app launcher . )
Far - fetched ?
Not really ; there are already iPhone apps which contain only a book , and there are existing Debian packages which only install free HTML and text content .
Since films are essentially documents which can be opened by Media Player , the question can be generalised : Should documents be packaged , or only apps ?
When someone ports Frotz to the N900 , should it have its own separate download manager for Z - machine games inside it as the iPhone port does , or should each game become available in the App Manager as a separate package as used to be done on Debian ?
And then there are radio stations such as Soma FM which have iPhone apps to let you listen to them .
Now of course you can already do this in the N900 ’s media player , so would it be worthwhile for them to package a specific N900 app which connected to their streams ?
Or to make a package which only populated the media player with a list of them ?
But just because people do something with the iPhone it ’s not necessarily a good idea :
media packages should probably install into / home / user / MyDocs or / media / mmc* , but the conventional place for large files in app packages is / opt , which would fill up quite quickly with a few Sita - sized films
each package gets to run scripts as root , and this may have more security considerations than people are comfortable with just to watch a film
people expect app stores to contain apps ( do n’t they ? )
I think an alternative route would be to have one standard application which could maintain a browsable list of Free content , and which could download it for you as appropriate .
Maybe it could be extensible to act as a download manager for Free content for the emulators and so on , as well as just films and text .
What do you think of all this ?
Photo © Caro ’s Lines , cc - by - nc-sa .
This is the first of a two - part series about MIT research on harnessing micro-sources of power .
It can be inconvenient to replace batteries in devices that need to work over long periods of time .
Doctors might have to get beneath a patient ’s skin to replace batteries for implanted biomedical monitoring or treatment systems .
Batteries used in devices that monitor machinery , infrastructure or industrial installations may be crammed into hard - to - reach nooks or distributed over wide areas that are often difficult to access .
But new technology being developed by MIT researchers could make such replacements unnecessary .
Soon , such devices could be powered just by differences in temperature between the body ( or another warm object ) and the surrounding air , eliminating or reducing the need for a battery .
They would use new energy - scavenging systems being developed by Anantha Chandrakasan , MIT ’s Joseph F. and Nancy P. Keithley Professor of Electrical Engineering and director of the MIT Microsystems Technology Laboratories , and Yogesh Ramadass SM ’06 , PhD ’09 .
Such a system , for example , could enable 24 - hour - a - day monitoring of heart rate , blood sugar or other biomedical data , through a simple device worn on a patient ’s arm or a leg and powered by the body ’s temperature ( which , except on a 98.6 - degree F summer day , would always be different from the surrounding air ) .
A similarly powered system could monitor the warm exhaust gases in the flues of a chemical plant , or air quality in the ducts of a heating and ventilation system .
The concept of harvesting energy from differences in temperature is nothing new .
Many technologies for doing so have been developed , including devices NASA has used to power probes sent into deep space ( the probes harvest heat from radioactive plutonium ) .
Certain semiconductor materials , by their nature , will produce a flow of electrical current when one side is hotter than the other — or , conversely , will produce a difference in temperature when a current is run through them .
Such materials are already used for solid - state coolers and heaters for food or beverages .
The principle was discovered in the 19th century , but only in recent years has it been seriously explored as an energy source .
In thermoelectric materials , as soon as there is a temperature difference , heat begins to flow from the hotter to the cooler side .
In the process , at the atomic scale this heat flow propels charge carriers ( known as electrons or electron holes ) to migrate in the same direction , producing an electric current — and a voltage difference between the two sides .
The key to making this principle practical for low - powered devices is to harness as much as possible of the available energy .
Chandrakasan and Ramadass have been working to get as close as possible to the theoretical limits of efficiency in tapping this heat energy .
The higher the temperature difference , the greater the potential for producing power , and most such power - generating devices are designed to exploit differences of tens to hundreds of degrees C .
The unique aspect of the new MIT - developed devices is their ability to harness differences of just one or two degrees , producing tiny ( about 100 microwatts ) but nevertheless usable amounts of electric power .
The key to the new technology is a control circuit that optimizes the match between the energy output from the thermoelectric material and the storage system connected to it , in this case a storage capacitor .
The findings were presented this week at the International Solid State Circuits Conference in San Francisco .
Because thermoelectric systems rely on a difference in temperature between one side of the device and the other , they are not usable for implanted medical devices , where they would be in a uniform - temperature environment .
The present experimental versions of the device require a metal heat - sink worn on an arm or leg , exposed to the ambient air .
“ There ’s work to be done on miniaturizing the whole system , ” Ramadass says .
This might be accomplished by combining and simplifying the electronics and by improving airflow over the heat sink .
Ramadass says that as a result of research over the last decade , the power consumption of various electronic sensors , processors and communications devices has been greatly reduced , making it possible to power such devices from very low - power energy harvesting systems such as this wearable thermoelectric system .
David Lamb , chief operating officer of Camgian Microsystems , a company that produces a variety of low - power , lightweight semiconductor chips , says that “ we believe the wireless sensor products we are developing will all migrate to energy harvesting , as we push their size , weight and power down . ”
He adds that the research of Chandrakasan and Ramadass “ is in the critical path of technologies required by companies such as Camgian that are developing next - generation microsystems .
” Devices to use this power would in most cases still need some energy storage system , so that the constant slow trickle of energy could be accumulated and used in short bursts , for example to operate a transmitter to send data readings back to a receiver .
Different ways of storing the energy are possible , such as the use of ultracapacitors , Ramadass says .
“ These will play a critical role , in order to build a complete energy harvesting system , ” he says .
After years of work on these highly efficient energy - scavenging devices , currently funded by a seed grant from the MIT Energy Initiative , Chandrakasan says , “ the time has come to find the real applications and realize the vision .
” Read part two of this series , " Power from motion and vibrations . "
Nuclear power plants cannot be built quickly enough and in a safe and secure manner to be a major global solution for climate change , according to a report released yesterday from the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace .
The report says the nuclear industry , under current policies and financing , wo n't be able to build enough new reactors to make a difference in climate in the next 20 years .
" Without major changes in government policies and aggressive financial support , nuclear power is actually likely to account for a declining percentage of global electricity generation , " the report says .
The International Energy Agency 's World Energy Outlook 2008 projects that without policy changes , nuclear power 's share of worldwide electricity generation will drop from 15 percent in 2006 to 10 percent in 2030 .
But policymakers should be aware of the timeline , costs and risks nuclear power brings as compared to the possible benefits , before expending a tremendous amount of resources on it , the report says .
Bottlenecks in the nuclear supply chain , weak infrastructure in developing countries and tighter credit risk management strategies in the wake of the economic crises will severely limit all countries ' capabilities to significantly expand their nuclear fleet , while the current fleet of reactors is likely to be retired by 2030 , the report said .
The earliest the first new U.S. reactor could be finished is 2015 , but the report notes that it takes about 10 years to put a new plant in service , from licensing to connection to the grid .
In two dozen countries that are interested in obtaining civil nuclear energy but have not previously built a reactor , it will take even longer , the report says .
" The exigencies of energy security and climate change do not warrant racing ahead before institutional frameworks can ensure that any expansion makes sense , not just for energy needs , but for world security , " the report says .
The report argues that nuclear energy is not likely to have a significant effect on energy security , either .
It will take at least two decades to convert the world 's car fleet from oil to electricity .
Transportation is the only sector where nuclear energy can significantly replace oil .
In addition , uranium and nuclear fuel come from only a few countries – Canada , Australia , Russia , the United States and France – making nations without resources or technologies as dependent on foreign sources of energy as before , the report notes .
Worse still , it says , the need for fuel may drive more nations to develop their own uranium enrichment facilities , raising the risk of the proliferation of nuclear weapons .
Reprinted from Greenwire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing , LLC .
www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
May I burden your computer a bit for smoother animations ?
Sure thing , use hardware acceleration !
Do you mind telling me where you are ?
Please allow howcoldisit.com to use your location
For the best functioning of this website , please allow us to store some cookies .
Read our full privacy policy here .
Allow Close
A new TV series " Wo Ju , " meaning " a nutshell of a house , " has hit the small screen in China .
It is based on Liu Liu 's novel and has a following of many young people who are living and working in big cities .
A poster of hot TV series " Wo Ju " [ cqnews.net ]
Lines from the show 's protagonist , Hai Ping , vividly depict the daily life of this younger generation : " Every morning when I wake up , a bunch of numbers bounce in front of my eyes : 6,000 yuan for housing loans , 2,500 yuan for daily necessities , 600 yuan for social activities , 500 yuan for transportation fees and 400 yuan for property fees . "
According to China Youth Daily on November 19 , tecent.com , one of China 's major portals , conducted an online poll that attracted about 360,000 Chinese netizens .
The survey showed that 80 percent of voters think owning a house is necessary for a happy life .
There is a popular saying in China , " It 's pathetic for one to be a home mortgage slave , but it 's even more pathetic when one is not qualified to be a mortgage slave . "
Under this circumstance , more than half of the people polled still believe a house is relevant to happiness .
I could n't help but wonder : what kind of values and livelihood can be reflected from this poll ?
Author and playwright Liu Liu said , " Everyone who works in the one - square - meter cubicle , pays housing loans , takes the bus and eats box lunches can find him or herself in this drama .
A lot of scenes and lines mirror the struggle between dream , reality and the difficulties of love without any disguise . "
In the drama , the house is just an attractive factor to raise the audience rating .
However , in a society that links owning a home so closely with happiness , the " house " contains sociological significance and has to do with citizens ' rights and social justice .
Chinese writer Xiao Fuxing compares it to a thorn that pierces both society and our hearts .
The show is sensitive to social problems and bravely faces reality .
The pain caused by this " thorn " reveals the people 's lack of rights to live a decent life , due to high housing prices .
The mortgage slave concept shows that people 's incomes cannot bring them happiness .
In a report evaluating Chinese cities , issued by the Beijing International Institute for Urban Development , many metropolitan areas received a low grade on livability .
The cost of living is high in cities with a high GDP per capita .
In Beijing and Shanghai , even though people earn several times more than people in other cities , the price of a house is tens of times higher .
If people cannot afford a house , they will feel less content about life .
At the same time , the fact that people rest so much of their happiness on a house reflects the low level of social welfare .
According to late American political philosopher John Rawls , the level of social welfare is determined by the poorest people in a society .
When their lives are improved , social welfare is developed .
Thus our social welfare level should not be judged from those who can afford a house .
When everyone can see their own life story in a drama about struggling for a house , is it a good thing ?
A TV series can be widely discussed and can even arouse disputes .
But the unanimous opinion about the relationship between a house and a happy life should make public policymakers sit up and pay attention to people 's needs .
The drama is an accusation of problems caused by the housing system reform that started in 1998 .
The government refuses to define housing as a quasi-public product , as it promotes market principles in the housing market .
The policies are beneficial to both the developers and the government .
Common people , however , are barely benefited .
Thus the government should recognize people 's rights and social justices , and draw lessons from the housing reform .
It should do this before the drama is forgotten , which will be very soon in such a fast - paced society .
Who should be woken up by the thorn of " Wo Ju " ?
It is an unavoidable question .
Background :
" Wo Ju " tells the story of a white - collar couple struggling to buy a house in Shanghai .
They graduated from renowned Chinese universities and have a 2 - year - old child .
Yet as they could not afford a house in the city , they end up borrowing money from their relatives .
Protagonist Hai Ping 's younger sister , Hai Zao , rents an apartment with her boyfriend Xiao Bei , in an attempt to save money for their future house and wedding .
Hai Zao then meets Song Siming , a 42 - year - old government official , and has an affair with him .
Song gives Hai Zao money and other benefits to help her sister 's family out .
Song is later found guilty of taking bribes and dies in a car accident .
Hai Zao aborts
Song 's child .
Hai Ping finally becomes a home owner and begins her new career as a Chinese teacher .
( This post was first published in Chinese on November 20 , 2009 and translated by Ren Zhongxi . )
Our firm has handled complex divorce issues for decades , and we know the impact they can have on you and your entire family .
That ’s why we approach your case with your specific needs in mind .
You will always know your options and possible outcomes .
Our firm makes it a point to keep you informed and updated throughout the process , so you have a clear understanding of your options at all times .
A country programmatically gripped by fear – yes , that ’s us for more than eight years now .
Fear of terrorism to be exact , even as truly terrible things happened in this land and elsewhere , from hurricane Katrina in 2005 to last week ’s devastating Haitian earthquake , which should have put our fears into perspective .
But no such luck .
Since 9/11 , the thought of " terrorism " has seized the U.S. by the throat .
People who are terrified of flying for fear of a terrorist attack are perfectly willing to drive a car to the nearest mall without a passing worry , even though traffic fatalities indicate that this is a relatively dangerous act .
There were a staggering 34,000 fatal crashes in the U.S. in 2008 , 12.25 fatalities for every 100,000 Americans , and carmakers are now intent on featuring ever more immersive Internet - linked " infotainment systems " on dashboards .
These are sure to up the distraction level and lead to more deaths on the highway , and yet the country is barely focused on this fact .
And mind you , despite all the attention , not one American died in a terrorist attack on an airplane last year .
In fact , Nate Silver of the Web site FiveThirty Eight.com recently crunched a few numbers and came up with the following : " the odds of being on [ a ] given [ airplane ] departure which is the subject of a terrorist incident have been 1 in 10,408,947 over the past decade . "
But keep in mind that fear , wherever directed , is a remarkably profitable emotion to exploit .
Just think of those controversial full - body - scan machines now being installed in airports at a cost of up to $ 170,000 each .
One promoter of them is former Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) Secretary Michael Chertoff , " who now heads the Chertoff Group , which represents one of the leading manufacturers of whole - body - imaging machines , Rapiscan Systems . "
He ’s part of a growing " full - body - scanner lobby " of ex-Washington politicos just made for our moment .
Every jolt of terror , in other words , is a jolt of profit for some company or set of companies .
After a while , those jolts of fear become repetitive adrenaline rushes for a whole set of interests which , in the American system , soon hire lobbyists , corner senators and congressional representatives , retain law and publicity firms , and live well as long as people remain terrified .
If these last years tell us anything , it ’s that money follows fear .
By 2006 , for instance , the Department of Homeland Security , that second Defense Department , a huge , unwieldy bureaucracy created from the terror of terror , already had a mini- homeland - security - industrial complex growing up around it ; and that , in turn , was part of a global security business aimed at " thwarting terrorists " then worth an estimated $ 59 billion .
( If we had news media worth their salt and DHS was a real beat , we would undoubtedly have more recent , far more striking figures for this . )
At the comical ( but also profitable ) end of this spectrum of fear were all those places like Old MacDonald ’s Petting Zoo , the Amish Country Popcorn factory , and the Mule Day Parade that were put into the DHS ’ National Asset Database as " potential terror targets , " opening up the possibility that they might receive DHS money to protect them .
" The database , " reported the New York Times , " is used by the Homeland Security Department to help divvy up the hundreds of millions of dollars in anti-terrorism grants each year . "
Consider just the Weeki Wachee mermaids at Weeki Wachee Springs in Hernando , Fla .
In 2005 , the St. Petersburg Times reported that the Weeki Wachee staff was " teaming up with the Hernando County Sheriff ’s Office to ‘ harden the target ’ " – as they attempted to access DHS anti-terrorism funds " allocated to the Tampa Bay region . "
( “ ‘ I ca n’t imagine [ Osama ] bin Laden trying to blow up the mermaids , ’ [ marketing and promotion manager John ] Athanason said .
‘ But with terrorists , who knows what they ’re thinking .
I do n’t want to think like a terrorist , but what if the terrorists try to poison the water at Weeki Wachee Springs ? ' ” )
All of this might be dismissed as a joke , if American life were n’t filled with phantasmagoric terrors that are also money machines .
Everywhere that fear rules , from the U.S. to Israel , there are people exploiting and making money off it – and it ’s in the nature of the beast for them to want the gift - that - never - stops - giving to go on forever .
On this Martin Luther King Day , TomDispatch regular Ira Chernus takes a deep , dark look into what fear does to Americans and Israelis alike and the ways in which it drives us all .
Tom
Martin Luther King ’s Legacy and Israel ’s Future
by Ira Chernus
Every year , apologists for Israel ’s occupation of Palestine eagerly await Martin Luther King Day .
Then they trot out these words , spoken by Dr. King shortly before his death : " When people criticize Zionists they mean Jews ; you are talking anti-Semitism . ”
King , who repeated the themes that really mattered to him – justice , freedom , human dignity , nonviolence – over and over again , mentioned anti-Semitism only once , in an informal question - and - answer session .
Nobody asked him what he meant , and he never explained .
( A lengthy letter of " his " expounding on the theme has been proven a hoax . )
Yet , year after year , Israel ’s apologists rush to use those once - spoken words as the capstone for a line of reasoning which goes something like this : Israel uses violence in the " disputed territories " to protect its own security .
If you criticize that violence , you do n’t care about Israel ’s security ; so you do n’t care if Israel ceases to exist ; so you are against Zionism .
And Martin Luther King himself said that that ’s anti-Semitism .
In other words , only anti-Semites oppose Israel ’s occupation policies .
Of course it ’s perverse .
It ’s hard to imagine King ever endorsing such an illogical justification – or any justification – for the violent abrogation of a whole people ’s freedom and dignity .
Still , it bothers me that the great man actually did , even once , say that anti-Zionism is anti-Semitism .
How could someone whose intellectual rigor I admire make such an error in reasoning , one that could easily be used , even while he was still alive , to rationalize Israel ’s occupation of Palestinian lands ?
Yes , some people who criticize Zionism are anti-Semitic .
But millions of Jews themselves opposed Zionism , especially in its early years .
Jews have developed some of the most trenchant critiques of Zionism precisely because they loved their own people and saw Zionism as a threat to Judaism and Jewish values .
I do n’t happen to agree with them .
I respect Zionism as a movement of national self - determination .
( If we accord that right to the Palestinians and every other national group , why not to the Jews ? )
But I ’m one of many Zionists who have objected vigorously as Israel swallowed up the Occupied Territories , because in the long run military occupation is bound to increase the threat to Jews and , no less important , to Jewish values .
Although King associated us with anti-Semitism only indirectly and unwittingly , his words have done us a disservice , too .
There ’s no way that I , or any of the Jewish critics of Israel – Zionist or not – could be called anti-Semitic .
Many non-Jews , driven by moral and intellectual concerns , have added to the thoughtful critiques of Zionism with no tinge of anti-Semitism in their words .
How could MLK not know any of this ?
He certainly was n’t naïve or uninformed about foreign affairs .
For years , he had been eloquently praising the rising tide of colonized people who were demanding self - determination .
And when he finally decided it was " a time to break silence " and voice his opposition to the U.S. war in Vietnam , he showed how well he could master the facts of a foreign conflict .
Though much of that 1967 speech was an eloquent denunciation of military violence in general , and especially that practiced by his own government ( " the greatest purveyor of violence in the world today " ) , a significant part of it was a detailed recounting of Vietnamese history , an explanation of how the war must have looked to the Vietnamese people .
Few of us protesting the war back then knew nearly as much about what was happening or could have explained so lucidly just why the war was wrong in political as well as moral terms .
How a man who could get it so right on Vietnam could get it so wrong on anti-Zionism remains a mystery .
King , Zionism , and the Cycle of Fear
If , however , we leave aside King ’s offhand comment about anti-Zionism and anti-Semitism , and consider instead his words about the horrors of American state violence and violence in general , which reflected his most deeply held values , we can see Israel ’s state violence in a new light that illuminates the deep , often unnoticed links between violence and irrational fear .
When he broke his silence on Vietnam , King denounced the " morbid fear of communism " that had turned Western nations into " arch anti-revolutionaries , " willing to " adjust to injustice . "
" Our only hope today , " he preached , " lies in our ability to recapture the revolutionary spirit and go out into a sometimes hostile world declaring eternal hostility to poverty , racism , and militarism . "
That , as he had learned from Gandhi and taught to millions , would require a spirit of love strenuously applied to overcome fear .
King had read Gandhi ; he had also visited India and spoken with many ardent Gandhians .
So he grasped the spirit of these words the Mahatma wrote : " Fear and love are contradictory terms . "
" In order to be fearless we should love all and adhere to the path of truth . ”
King agreed with Gandhi that fear was a crucial source of evil .
" There is one evil , " he said , " that is worse than violence , and that ’s cowardice . "
He also understood the Mahatma ’s view that fear was the opposite of love , the opposite of nonviolence , and so often itself the source of violence .
By the last night of his life , he had embraced this Gandhian philosophy almost ecstatically .
After prophesying his own death , he famously concluded : " So I ’m happy , tonight .
I ’m not worried about anything .
I ’m not fearing any man ! "
King had lived surrounded by whites who were moved to violence by irrational fears of people of color .
He dedicated his life to overcoming his own fear so that , through love , he could overcome the fears of his oppressors .
In 1967 , he finally overcame his fear of harming the civil rights movement and bravely denounced America ’s war in Vietnam , which was motivated ( as he saw it ) by an irrational fear of communism .
King ’s blind spot ( and even the greatest people have them ) was in not recognizing that Israel ’s violence against Palestinians , too , was – and still is – similarly motivated by irrational fear .
One of the great tragedies of Zionism has , in fact , been its striking inability to escape the fear that gave it birth – a fear well justified in late 19th - century Europe , Zionism ’s birthplace , at a time when anti-Semitism was indeed rampant .
Today , however , with the Jewish state possessing massively preponderant military power in the Middle East , it no longer makes sense to base Jewish identity on fear , to imagine anti-Semitism lurking behind every well - meaning critique of Israeli policy .
Those of us who follow the path of the great Jewish philosopher and dissident Zionist Martin Buber , who still believe Zionism can in principle be moral , see fear as not merely unjustified but destructive and self - destructive .
It fosters policies that only lock Israelis as well as Palestinians into an endless cycle of insecurity .
King apparently never recognized ( or at least never said publicly ) that fear , not anti-Zionism , was the true threat to the Jewish people .
It ’s hard to blame him .
He was far too busy with more immediate concerns to spend much time studying the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Israel ’s Fear
If a man as fearlessly committed to truth as MLK could make such a mistake , how much more easily can other Americans , including American presidents , fall prey to the same mistake .
The current president has made a huge mistake in dealing with the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Now he finds himself hostage to a tragic cycle of fear .
At first , Obama came out swinging against Israeli policy like no president since Dwight D. Eisenhower .
Soon after taking office , he insisted ( according to his secretary of state ) on a total , permanent halt to the expansion of Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank .
It was a sensible step .
Settlement expansion is rapidly shrinking the size of a future Palestine to a point where a viable state will be impossible .
Without a viable Palestinian state , the Middle East cauldron will continue to boil , generating anger and tensions that threaten not only the security of the region , but U.S. security interests as well .
That ’s why a total settlement freeze is still supported by some factions in the administration .
But Obama and his advisers apparently underestimated the pushback they would get from Israeli leaders who always have their eyes on their own political futures .
No one can say what Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his cabinet members really believe , but it ’s easy to see the political points they score by pushing the panic button over the so - called " dangers " of giving in to Obama ’s demands .
All they have to do is raise ever - present fears of Jewish weakness and victimization , as Defense Minister Ehud Barak did when he complained that with the Obama administration " focusing solely on settlement building …
Israel felt that it was being driven to its knees and delivered to the other side . "
As Henry Siegman , former head of the American Jewish Congress , wrote in the New York Times , Netanyahu ’s message that " the whole world is against Israel and that Israelis are at risk of another Holocaust … is unfortunately still a more comforting message for too many Israelis . "
Siegman observed that this fear ( which he called " pathological " ) “ is invoked most frequently by Israelis themselves .
The term for it in Israel is a ‘ galut [ diaspora ] mentality , ’ the tendency of Diaspora Jewry to see itself as friendless , isolated , and always at the edge of a looming pogrom . "
It ’s a mentality long rooted in Zionism , and now growing in Israel , where Ha’aretz columnist Bradley Burston notes " a new Israeli approach which borrows from the very worst of our aging instincts .
It says :
We ’re moral , our enemies are out to exterminate us along with our state , that ’s all you need to know …
Concede nothing …
Give no ground .
Ever . ”
Another Israeli pundit brought the issue directly back to King ’s insight about the link between violence and fear .
Doron Rosenblum described Netanyahu and Barak as representing " two outstanding traits of Israeliness : aggressiveness and paranoia . …
They reflect two sides of the same coin – the fear of being considered weak and , the only thing that ’s worse , being considered naive . "
A year ago , two Israeli researchers released a study with numbers to back up these impressions .
They found that Israeli Jews are generally moved more by fear than anything else in viewing their conflict with the Palestinians .
That leads them to " a selective and distorted processing of information aimed at preserving conflict - beliefs . "
Obama Held Hostage to Fear ?
Here in the U.S. , Jews working to resolve the Palestinian - Israeli conflict via a just peace also see fear as a great obstacle .
Jeremy Ben - Ami , executive director of the pro-Israel , pro-peace lobby J Street ( who has his own roots deep in Israeli life ) feels fear is the biggest factor holding back the Jewish state when it comes to making a genuine peace .
Yes , Israelis need security guarantees they can believe in , says Ben - Ami , meaningful guarantees that if they give up land they will get peace .
The only way to get such assurances , though , would be through good - faith negotiations .
And only strong and active American leadership in the diplomatic process can make those negotiations happen .
That ’s why J Street and a number of other Jewish - American groups supported Obama ’s call for an immediate and total freeze on settlement construction as a first step toward peace talks .
But they face stiff opposition from American Jews still stuck in what J Street Policy Director Hadar Susskind calls " the Israel closet . "
Torn between thought and feeling , they remain locked into the fear they grew up with , he says .
" Their heads support a strong American role in helping Israel make peace with its neighbors , but their kishkes [ guts ] are uncomfortable with the idea of anyone ‘ telling Israel what to do . ’ "
Worried that Jews will look weak and pushed around , some of the biggest U.S. Jewish organizations denounced Obama ’s demands on Israel .
They found allies among Christian Zionists ( whose influence on U.S. Middle East policy is often underrated ) and , very likely , factions in the U.S. government ( mostly military and intelligence ) who want to placate the Israelis for their own pragmatic purposes as they try to contain the terrors of " terrorism . "
Yielding to their collective pressure , Obama backed off his stern demand , letting the Israelis off with only a promised temporary halt to just some expansion .
Since he offered no cogent explanation for this retreat , he ’s left us free to speculate on the political scare he got from that inside - the - beltway coalition .
It is at least likely that the president and his advisers feared the coalition ’s clout as they endured a long , hot summer of attacks on their health - care reform , the one fight the administration feels it has to win .
Whatever the reasons may be , Obama consigned the prospect of real peace negotiations in the Middle East to defeat , at least temporarily .
If the administration sticks to its current cautious line , it will go on holding itself – and Middle East peace – hostage to the irrational fears of others .
Israelis and Americans need a lasting peace to enhance their security .
Palestinians desperately need a lasting peace simply to escape their daily suffering .
Yet all are trapped in the synergy of mutually reinforcing fears .
Breaking Free
The situation is , however , not hopeless .
Not yet , anyway .
If the administration ’s political fears can be eased , it may still find its backbone on the Israel - Palestine issue .
And one pivotal group could swing the balance : the U.S. Jewish community .
Just as King found the courage he needed back in 1967 when it was " time to break silence " on a terrible war , more and more Jews are breaking the silence that has ruled the American Jewish community when it comes to Israel ’s share of responsibility for the continuing conflict .
J Street is only the most prominent among the many recent American Jewish voices for peace .
They are all joining a movement that ’s growing far faster than anyone could have imagined only a few years ago .
J Street ’s Susskind sums up that movement – and sounds a lot like King – when he calls on Jews to " step out of the Jewish closet and say : ‘ We love Israel , but that does n’t mean we ’ll remain silent when we disagree . ’
It ’s time for all of us who grew up loving Israel and praying for peace to stop letting the mythical notion that American Jews speak with a single voice keep us from supporting Israel ’s security and future by calling for peace . "
On this Martin Luther King Day , then , American Jews face a choice .
They can dwell on one casual , misinformed , easily misinterpreted remark that King made and use it to justify continued Israeli intransigence and violence .
Or they can remember the words in which he summed up a lifetime of nonviolence , on the last night of his life – " I ’m not fearing any man ! " – and call on their own government to demand at least a start toward ending the conflict : a genuine halt to all settlement expansion .
If enough American Jews , and enough of their non-Jewish allies , find that courage , Obama and future presidents will have the political cover they need to demand of Israel the steps it must take to begin a real journey toward security and peace .
Ira Chernus is professor of religious studies at the University of Colorado at Boulder .
Read more of his writing on Israel , Palestine , and the U.S. on his blog .
Copyright 2010 Ira Chernus
The city 's Muni operators are about to have one of those " uh - oh " moments .
You know , that awkward instant when a group realizes that it overplayed its hand - badly .
Even in San Francisco , a union town where labor issues are treated with kid gloves , politicians and transit riders are teeing off on the drivers like they stole rent money from little old ladies .
" There is no question in my mind that they completely misread the public , " Mayor Gavin Newsom said Wednesday .
" Either they step up or the people of San Francisco will . "
Friday , the Municipal Transportation Agency will vote on ways to balance its budget .
Riders have already seen fare hikes and service cuts and they may face them again thanks to Muni operators who rejected a proposal for a package of concessions that would have saved the agency $ 15 million over two years .
Those savings could have temporarily reduced service cuts and some fee hikes .
But 575 operators voted in favor of the concessions and 857 were against the plan even though Muni operators are guaranteed an 8 percent raise .
Their pay , protected by the city charter , ensures they are at least the second - highest paid operators in the nation .
Cue the torches and pitchforks , the local populace is enraged .
This may be about pension plans and compensation concessions in City Hall , but for long - suffering Muni riders , it tapped into the anger of every time a bus door was slammed in their face or every driver who snarled a response to a question .
So while union officials were chanting , " No givebacks !
No concessions ! " they were winning the economic battle and losing the public relations war .
" There has been this huge level of outrage , " said Drew Hoolhorst , whose anti-Muni rant in his blog , " Rocket Shoes , " has been getting a huge response .
" This is real anger . "
Supervisor Sean Elsbernd said he plans to gather the 60,000 signatures needed to put a charter amendment on the November ballot that would have pay , benefits and work rules negotiated through collective bargaining .
Elsbernd pulled the amendment in hopes the union would approve the concessions , but he says all bets are off since the proposal was rebuffed .
" I am going forward with the petition regardless if they vote again .
That 's a lot of signatures , but if ever there was an issue when you could bet on it , this is it , " Elsbernd said .
The drivers insist they are the victims .
They say the city should crack down on faredodgers and runaway spending .
" Did the public blame the tellers for what the banks did ? " asked driver Eric Morris .
Muni operators have a tough , demanding job .
They take the flak for everything - a late bus , an unruly passenger and gum on the seats .
Everyone understands that .
But this is a case of failing to see the larger picture .
There was a chance to save this situation last week .
If the operators had voted in favor of the concessions , they could have made the case that they were doing their part for the city , recognized that times are tough for everyone and built some good will .
Instead , they look defensive , angry and out of touch .
Irwin Lum , head of the Transport Workers Union Local 250 - A , says if Elsbernd is hoping to force another vote on the concessions , he is wasting his time .
" He 's holding a gun to our heads for political advantage , " Lum said .
" As long as there is going to be a ballot initiative anyhow , why are we giving up $ 15 million if they are just going to take it from us later ? "
Oh , I do n't know , how about because it will be much worse for the drivers if the amendment passes ?
It will open the door for an examination of some of the work rules - like being allowed to call in sick one day a week and still earn overtime .
At this point , the operators say their position is set in concrete and they will just have to accept whatever comes out of the November election .
" We do n't have a choice , " said Lum .
Actually , you did .
You voted it down .
This would be a good time to see if you can get that deal again .
The infamous
Snapshot Quiz
The concept is simple and yet demanding : Guess the correct movie based on a single Snapshot .
Our database holds more than 280,000 Snapshots and our beloved players upload tons of new ones every day .
( Feature Films )
There are different categories , but since you are new here , we ‘d suggest you to start with the Feature Films ( All Snapshots from the last 30 days ) .
They give you points for the Hall of Fame .
In reality , simulation is key to math education , says Stanford mathematician
A massively multiplayer online game requiring players to employ mathematical concepts could revolutionize the teaching of mathematics at the middle school level , according to Stanford mathematician Keith Devlin .
That 's the age when math and science proficiency plummets among U.S. students .
Devlin says the game project would be so complex and expensive that the federal government would likely have to spearhead it .
But , he said , a pilot project showed such a game would be doable .
" We are at a moment in history where mathematics education , at least at the middle school level , could change completely and dramatically , " according to Keith Devlin , a Stanford mathematician with an interest in how the subject is taught .
For the past five years , Devlin has been part of a pioneering effort to create a massively multiplayer online game , something to rival " World of Warcraft , " but tailored as a tool for mathematics education .
" World of Warcraft " is a wildly successful role - playing game that currently has more than 15 million players .
Devlin thinks the role - playing approach has tremendous potential , but based on his experience , he said , it may take a national initiative to make it happen .
He explained his views , and exhorted his peers to work to promote such a project , on Feb. 19 at the American Association for the Advancement of Science annual meeting in San Diego .
Devlin collaborated with a group from private industry to develop a prototype of such a video game to help teach middle school students math by fully immersing them in a simulated three - dimensional environment .
Rather than having players kill other characters , as many role - playing games require , Devlin would have them employ mathematical principles to build various devices and overcome hurdles as they negotiate their way through the imaginary world .
But there would be no overt mathematical symbols .
No equations , no pencil and paper , no solving for " X " and above all , no textbook .
Only after playing the game and getting experience in using mathematical principles to get ahead would the kids get exposed to equations and mathematical symbols – and be motivated to open their textbooks .
Online gaming before textbook study is the key to math education , Stanford 's Keith Devlin says .
Learning by doing
The philosophy guiding the game 's design could be summed up in one simple tenet :
The best way to learn how to do something is to do it .
" If you 're going to learn to play tennis , you do n't read a book about tennis , you play tennis , " Devlin said .
" The textbook is perhaps the worst possible medium for teaching mathematics , but it was the only one we had for 2,000 years . "
The game project was prompted in part by a desire to reverse the well documented – and worsening – decline in math and science proficiency among middle school students in the United States , Devlin said .
" The dropoff is so huge that by the time they get to high school , it is too late , " he said .
" But middle school is the age where the kind of environment I am talking about really would work .
It is perfect for that . "
The apparent ease with which many middle school kids get hooked on video games would seem to support Devlin 's contention .
But Devlin said there was a sticking point in developing such a game .
" It turns out to be unbelievably difficult to do it , " he said .
" It is doable .
But it is horrendously time consuming and it is expensive . "
Devlin was collaborating with a well - known commercial video game design company , the name of which he can't reveal .
" They used to be the bad boys of the video game world , because they were all these guys with rings through their noses , " Devlin said .
" Now they are in their forties , parents with kids of their own going through the school system .
They are interested in education and they have a lot of expertise . "
Devlin said the biggest hurdle in designing the game is the need to have the game change in response to each action by a player .
Costly investment
Devlin estimated the cost of fully developing such a game at $ 100 million to $ 200 million .
He said that is far too much for a video game company to invest in an educational product that will offer relatively limited returns compared to a commercial game .
Devlin said that the federal government should get involved because of the potential strategic benefits .
Students in countries that are U.S. economic competitors , such as India , China , Singapore and Japan , outperform American students in mathematics " big time , " he said .
" I 'm not one of these people that think it is all doom and gloom , " he said .
" It is still the case that the U.S. produces the most innovative people .
" But then when you need to hire 200 engineers , where do you find them ?
Well , we know where you find them – you find them in India , Russia , Singapore and China , " he said .
Teaching math in a virtual world " is the next shift after the printing press , " Devlin said .
" It is that big in mathematics education .
Not advanced mathematics ; you could n't teach calculus , I do n't think , in a video game .
But middle school mathematics you sure can .
And it would change a lot of the educational landscape . "
Devlin is a co-founder and the executive director of the Human - Sciences and Technologies Advanced Research ( H - STAR ) Institute at Stanford .
The institute is devoted to the study of how human beings interact with technology and how to enhance those interactions for maximum benefit to people .
He also appears intermittently on National Public Radio as " The Math Guy , " explaining mathematical aspects of current topics ranging from the geometry of parallel parking to the solution of Fermat 's Last Theorem .
Media Contact
Louis Bergeron , Stanford News Service : ( 650 ) 725-1944 , [ email protected ]
NOTE : Feb. 19 - 22 , you can call mobile phone : ( 650 ) 284-6182 .
A federal judge on Friday reduced a $ 1.92 million file sharing verdict to $ 54,000 after concluding the award for infringing 24 songs was " shocking . "
A federal jury in June found Jammie Thomas - Rasset liable in what at the time was the nation ’s only Recording Industry Association of America file sharing case against an individual to go to trial .
The Minnesota federal jury dinged her $ 1.92 million for infringing 24 songs .
She asked the judge to set aside or reduce that $ 80,000 per song in damages .
U.S. District Judge Michael Davis agreed on Friday , and said the RIAA may have a retrial if it does not accept his ruling .
" The need for deterrence cannot justify a $ 2 million verdict for stealing and illegally distributing 24 songs for the sole purpose of obtaining free music , " Davis wrote .
" Moreover , although plaintiffs were not required to prove their actual damages , statutory damages must bear some relation to actual damages . "
The decision came days after the Obama administration supported $ 675,000 in damages a jury levied against a Boston file sharer in the nation 's second and only other file sharing case against an individual to go to trial .
Among other things , the administration said the large July award would " deter the millions of users of new media from infringing copyrights in an environment where many violators believe they will go unnoticed . "
Davis added that $ 1.92 million in damages " for stealing 24 songs for personal use is simply shocking . "
The new damages amount to three times the minimum of $ 750 damages the Copyright Act allows .
The maximum is $ 150,000 per infringement , at a judge or jury 's discretion .
Thomas - Rasset , now 32 , said she does n't have the money to pay even that reduced judgment , and that her house in Brainerd , Minnesota is homesteaded and protected from a judgment .
The mother of four said she is a " very low - to middle - income " earner who works for a local Native American tribe .
" It 's not like I have a money tree in the backyard , " she said during a brief telephone interview .
The RIAA said it was reviewing the decision and was not prepared to comment .
Here 's Thomas - Rasset ’s original $ 1.92 million playlist .
The decision , if it survives , may not have much weight in the file sharing world .
More than a year ago , the record labels announced they were winding down their nearly 6 - year - old litigation campaign against individuals and instead were lobbying internet service providers to adopt a program to disconnect music file sharers .
One case in Boston still on the books concerns Joel Tenenbaum , the nation 's only other individual to go to trial against the RIAA .
Most of the 30,000 cases the RIAA brought against individuals were settled out of court for a few thousand dollars .
Among other things , he is urging the federal judge in his case to reduce the $ 675,000 July jury verdict to $ 22,500 , the minimum of $ 750 for 30 tracks .
U.S. District Judge Nancy Gertner , who is presiding over Tenenbaum 's case , is not obligated to follow Judge Davis ' decision
See Also :
The “ fight club ” scrap at a Queens elementary school was uncovered only after the father of one of the combatants heard his son whining that he did n’t have enough fans in his corner .
Tomas Rivera said that he overheard his son complaining to his sparring partner — as the pint - sized pugilists played video games Thursday evening — that he was n’t getting enough applause during their bout at PS 65 in Ozone Park .
“ I heard him go , ‘ Oh , they were cheering you more than they were cheering me , ’ ” the father told The Post .
Rivera then quizzed his son , also named Tomas , and the 10 - year - old spilled the beans about the clash , which was allegedly set up by Joseph Gullotta , the kids ’ fourth - grade teacher .
Rivera said his son initially had a beef with another student when Gullotta told the boy , “ Do n’t fight with him because I like you guys too much . ”
Instead , the teacher allegedly told his son to take out his aggression on longtime pal Justin Stokel , 9 .
“ Mr. Gullotta told him , ‘ You are my favorite star student , why do n’t you start a fight with him instead ? ’ ”
During the match , the kids butted heads , leaving Stokel with a split lip and Rivera ’s kid with a possible concussion .
Like in the flick “ Fight Club , ” Gullotta allegedly told the boys not to spill the beans and supplied them with a phony story to tell the school nurse — that they bashed their heads together accidentally as they both bent over to pick up a fallen pencil .
Rivera said that if he had n’t caught wind of the kids ’ conversation , the brawl would have gone undetected .
“ He was n’t going to snitch on his teacher , ” Rivera said of his son .
“ He really respected him . ”
Rivera reported the incident to school officials the next day and then went to the cops .
“ The police found it so strange and unorthodox that they arrested him , ” Rivera said .
Both families have hired lawyers who say they intend to file a notice of claim against the city .
Gullotta , a teacher since 2004 , and Abraham Fox , 43 , a 20 - year para - professional who allegedly helped supervise last week ’s scuffle , were charged with acting in a manner injurious to a child under 17 .
They each face up to a year in prison if convicted .
Parents received letters yesterday from the school saying that both men have been reassigned pending an investigation .
Additional reporting by Kieran Crowley and Yoav Gonen
lorena.mongelli@nypost.com
It now costs more to insure Californian municipal debt against default than it does bonds issued by the government of Kazakhstan , the central Asian country satirized in " Borat . "
That is neither a joke nor hyperbole .
Californian munis cost 2.6 % of face value per year to insure , reports CMA DataVision in London , which tracks bond insurance data .
Kazakh bonds : Just 1.8 % .
It is " now less expensive to insure Kazakh debt than that of Greece , California and various other entities , " confirms CMA spokesman Simon Mott .
( Crisis - stricken ...
Microsoft said it will soon will feed Windows 7 users an update that detects illegal copies installed using more than 70 different activation cracks .
The update to Windows Activation Technologies ( WAT ) , the anti-piracy software formerly known as Windows Genuine Advantage ( WGA ) , will be posted to Microsoft 's download site on Feb. 17 , and offered as an optional upgrade via Windows Update later this month , where it will be tagged as " important . "
Out the gate , the update will reach Windows 7 Home Premium , Professional , Ultimate and Enterprise users , said Joe Williams , the ge neral manager of Microsoft 's activation and anti-counterfeit group .
" I 'd like to stress that the Update is voluntary , which means that you can choose not to install it when you see it appear on Windows Update , " said Williams in an entry to the Genuine Windows blog .
That 's counter to the practice Microsoft used in 2006 , when it force fed Windows XP customers a WGA update by labeling it as a high - priority security update .
Several users sued Microsoft over that behavior ; the lawsuit was officially dismissed just last week .
Since then , the company 's anti-piracy software updates have been less aggressive .
According to Williams , the WAT update sniffs out more than 70 " activation exploits , " Microsoft 's term for what others call " cracks " that sidestep the product activation process , or use stolen keys to illegally activate counterfeit copies of Windows 7 .
After the update has been installed , PCs running cracked copies will begin displaying a black background and the usual gamut of nagging notifications that mark the operating system as bogus .
" Machines running genuine Windows 7 software with no activation exploits will see nothing , " promised Williams .
Microsoft regularly refreshes its anti-piracy technology to identify new activation exploits -- it did the same two years ago in a Vista crack crack - down -- but the number of exploit " signatures " in the upcoming WAT update is magnitudes larger than any previous .
Among the 70 - some cracks shut down by the update are a pair that surfaced last November , just weeks after the launch of Windows 7 .
At the time , Microsoft said it was aware of the cracks -- " RemoveWAT " and " Chew - WGA " -- and was working on ways to disable them .
A Microsoft spokeswoman confirmed today that the WAT update will include signatures for both cracks .
Williams also noted that the WAT update will periodically " phone home " to Microsoft 's servers to re-validate the copy of Windows 7 as legit , and use those opportunities to update activation signatures to detect newer cracks .
Initially , WAT will connect to Microsoft 's severs every 90 days .
If WAT uncovers tampered , disabled or missing activation or licensing files , the software steps up its activity , and runs a check every week , and if necessary , repairs those files .
Williams argued that the update is intended to keep " customers and partners secure , " a rationale the company regularly uses when it explains why anti-piracy software is necessary .
He cited studies by IDC and others , which Microsoft has called on in the past , that have said up to a third of counterfeit copies of Windows are infected with malware .
A leaked copy of Windows 7 Release Candidate ( RC ) posted on file - sharing sites in May 2009 was , in fact , infected with a Trojan horse .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
Read more about windows in Computerworld 's Windows Knowledge Center .
This story , " Microsoft Targets Windows 7 Activation Hackers " was originally published by Computerworld .
About the author
( NewsTarget )
There 's a company that dominates the soup business , but its products are at best bland and mushy .
You probably know who I 'm talking about .
Some of the company 's soups contain so much salt that they 're the human equivalent of a salt lick .
For example , its chicken noodle soup dishes up a whopping 890 mg of sodium per serving , and 2,225 grams of sodium per can .
This company also owns the leading maker of various chicken broths and stocks .
Until recently , that subsidiary spiked its tasteless products with monosodium glutamate ( MSG ) , a flavor enhancer .
But MSG is well documented as a cause of Chinese Restaurant Syndrome .
I 'm not joking .
Every Chinese restaurant used to boost the flavor of its meals by adding MSG .
But a fair number of customers complained of neck and muscle aches afterwards , the result of MSG .
So now , a lot of Chinese restaurants do n't use MSG anymore .
But I digress .
The company recently introduced organic chicken , beef , and vegetable broths .
Sounds like a great idea , right ?
Well , the company 's website admits that the broths contain 550 mg of sodium for each one - cup serving .
If you like to use a lot of broth , that could add up to 1,100 mg of sodium per real - world serving .
And maybe one blood - pressure cuff .
But no where on the company 's website is a full listing of the products ' other ingredients found .
This is more than just peculiar , because all of the junk food and fast food companies you can think of list their product ingredients on their websites .
So that left me wondering what the soup and broth company might be hiding .
So I clicked to contact customer service and wrote a brief email asking for a complete list of ingredients for their organic products .
Sounds simple enough , right ?
A few days later , some anonymous person emailed me back :
" All of our products have nutritional labels that include the calorie , sodium , fat , cholesterol and carbohydrate content for a single serving .
However , it is important to note that product recipes change frequently and ingredients are periodically added or replaced .
Therefore , we suggest that you check each package for the most current nutritional information ...
" So I wrote back and said that they had NOT answered my question .
And I also wondered , adding a list of full ingredients to the website can't be all that difficult , could it ?
After all , it 's got to be easier to update a web page compared with ... say , reformulating the ingredients in an industrial - size soup and broth manufacturing facility .
Finally I went to both my local supermarket and health food store , but did not find any of the company 's organic broths on the shelf .
So their ingredients remain a mystery to me .
After all this , I can't help but wonder :
Why could n't the world 's biggest soup company just be more up front about its ingredients and list them on its website ?
Unless , they really want to hide what 's in them , that is .
Jack Challem , The Nutrition Reporter ( tm ) , is a personal nutrition coach and one of America 's most trusted nutrition and health writers .
Based in Tucson , Arizona , he is the bestselling author of more than 20 books , including Stop Prediabetes Now , The Food - Mood Solution , Feed Your Genes Right , and The Inflammation Syndrome .
Jack is a columnist for Alternative & Complementary Therapies and his scientific articles have also appeared in Free Radical Biology & Medicine , Journal of Orthomolecular Medicine , Medical Hypotheses , and other journals .
Free , downloadable excerpts from his books , and sample issues of his print newsletters are available at http://www.nutritionreporter.com
Relativity visualized Space Time Travel
Step by Step into a Black Hole Ute Kraus , December 16 , 2004 , March 20 , 2005 Computer simulated images show views of the night sky as seen from positions close to the horizon of a black hole .
The descent towards a black hole is recorded with three cameras : No. 1 is looking forwards , i.e. , straight into the black hole , No. 2 is directed sideways and No. 3 is looking backwards in the direction exactly opposite to No. 1 . Each camera has a horizontal opening angle of 90 degrees so that together they give a panoramic view over 270 degrees of their surroundings .
The images are taken while the cameras are at rest with respect to the black hole .
They are labelled with the Schwarzschild radial coordinate , r , of the camera position which is given in units of the Schwarzschild radius , rs , of the black hole .
The optical effects depend on the ratio r/rs only .
To keep a camera at a constant radial coordinate it must be accelerated .
The required acceleration , a , is noted along with the position and is expressed in terms of the gravitational acceleration at sea level on earth , g .
It is calculated for a 10 solar mass black hole .
It is possible to have the same optical effects with a much smaller acceleration ; this simply requires a much more massive black hole .
In order to remain at r=1.005 rs with an acceleration of merely 1 g , the black hole would have to have 20 trillion ( 20 million millions ) solar masses , i.e. about 10 million times the mass of the black hole in the center of the Galaxy .
NOTE : When a camera that sits close to a black hole receives radiation emitted by a faraway star , this radiation is blueshifted .
I.e. the visible radiation recorded by the camera was originally emitted in the infrared .
This gravitational change in wavelength exceeds 10 % for r smaller than 5 Schwarzschild radii .
A more realistic impression of the night sky as seen from nearby a black hole thus requires the use of infrared all - sky images which are then blue - shifted and intensity - scaled in the appropriate way .
r = 100 rs , a = 15 million g r = 20 rs , a = 400 million g r = 4.5 rs , a = 9 billion ( 9000 million ) g r = 2.5 rs , a = 30 billion g r = 1.5 rs ( photon sphere ) , a = 100 billion g r = 1.2 rs , a = 250 billion g r = 1.05 rs , a = 650 billion g r = 1.005 rs , a = 2000 billion g
Click on an image for a higher resolution version ( 640 x 512 , 20 to 90 kB ) .
Diagrams of photon paths near a black hole illustrate how the images shown above are formed .
1. Light deflection near a black hole - overview
2. Multiple images
3. " Engulfed " by a black hole while still outside the event horizon
The images and diagrams may be used for non-commercial purposes provided credit is given to the author and the institutions concerned :
Ute Kraus ,
Max - Planck - Institut für Gravitationsphysik , Golm , and
Theoretische Astrophysik , Universität Tübingen
https://www.spacetimetravel.org
These images use Axel Mellinger 's All - Sky Milky - Way Panorama , see http://www.milkywaysky.com/ .
Contact : Would you like to send us a message ?
After selling its street lights to Toronto Hydro in 2005 to raise $ 60 million , the City of Toronto will pay more than $ 420 million over the next 30 years to rent the lights back , the contract agreement shows .
The controversial contract was obtained by the Greater Toronto Electrical Contractors Association through a freedom of information request – which the city strongly opposed .
Bob O'Donnell , executive director of the association , said the sale is likely a poor deal because no one else was allowed to bid for the street lights .
Toronto Councillor Denzil Minnan - Wong agrees .
" We sold it off in desperation and did n't get a good price for it , " Minnan - Wong said in an interview .
The city is Toronto Hydro 's sole shareholder .
However , through property taxes , city residents and businesses will pay roughly $ 14 million a year until 2035 to use the street lights .
The agreement lists the annual payment as $ 13.6 million , but the amount is adjusted yearly for inflation .
That means the cumulative payment over the 30 - year life of the contract will top $ 420 million .
The city had fought release of the agreement , at one point filing a 32 - page legal argument trying to block its publication .
The man who initiated the deal , former councillor David Soknacki , said the agreement contains the best terms available at the time because the city had just been blindsided by the Ontario government .
Soknacki said the city was summoned to a meeting at Queen 's Park a day or two before presenting its March 2005 budget .
Soknacki was the city 's budget chief at the time .
There , Soknacki said , he was told that provincial funding would be $ 60 million less than the city had expected .
That forced the city to find a quick deal to fill the gap and balance its budget , as required by law .
City staff proposed selling the street lights to Toronto Hydro – which the city also owns .
" We were cognizant of the time limitations and the situation we were in , " said Soknacki .
" Was it a perfect decision ?
Absolutely not .
There could have been other decisions that could have been better for the city , had we had the luxury of time to make a decision . "
Contract talks with the city 's two big union locals were in full swing at the time , and would have been upset by sudden moves to slash services or staff , he added .
Soknacki said he asked city staff to analyze the deal .
Toronto
Hydro consultants determined how many lights and utility poles were involved and how much they were worth .
" We asked whether or not it was a good transaction in terms of rates of return as well as strategic direction , " Soknacki said .
" On both scores it passed and we were able to recommend it . "
Soknacki acknowledged that the decision generated " spirited debate " among the committee during an emergency meeting in the office of Mayor David Miller .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
City council approved the deal in a closed - door session .
However , another bidder might have charged taxpayers less for providing lighting services , or paid more for the lights up front , O'Donnell said .
" Unless you have comparators , yeah , it 's an excessive fee , because there was no second bidder , " he said .
" If they put this out to tender ... they would have got interested parties , and they would have got probably better rates . "
Arguments filed by the contractors note that the city acknowledged in one of its filings that the asset transfer " may or may not have been at fair market value . "
O'Donnell pointed to a pilot project in 2003 , when the city invited competitive bids for a contract to maintain Scarborough 's street lights .
That time , a private firm outbid Toronto Hydro for the job , he said .
( The pilot project lasted three years .
The street lights went to Toronto Hydro when the project ended . )
O'Donnell was also critical of the penalty clauses in the 2005 street light contract .
Problems are ranked as high , medium or low priority .
A high priority problem – an entire area without lights , say , or a pole knocked down – requires a response within an hour and a half .
For less serious problems , five or 10 days may be allowed .
If those standards are not met , Toronto Hydro may be fined , there 's a $ 250,000 annual penalty limit .
When the city is paying a $ 14 million - a - year fee , that provides little incentive to perform , said O'Donnell .
Toronto Hydro spokesperson Tanya Bruckmueller noted that Hydro has never been penalized under the agreement .
" We think we 're providing a really good service for a really fair price , " she said .
Latvia ’s Great Depression
If you were in Latvia ’s capital earlier this month , you would have noticed the snow , waist - deep in some places .
For days , even big streets in Riga remained unplowed — impossible for anything other than an SUV to navigate .
Still , parking inspectors walked through the city , coldly ticketing cars stuck at expired meters .
Riga has had mild , rainy winters of late , and the snow caught the city by surprise .
But the real reason for the wintry mess is that the city government has slashed its road maintenance budget by a third .
Although the world is watching Greece , Latvia ’s economy is the most imperiled in Europe — the country is in the midst of a collapse as bad , by some metrics , as the United States ’ during the Great Depression .
At the peak of the " Baltic Tiger " boom in 2006 , Latvia was the fastest - growing economy in Europe , having transformed , seemingly overnight , from a sleepy former Soviet state to a flashy eastern Copenhagen .
New condos and tech start - ups sprouted all over Riga ; German luxury cars patrolled the streets .
The skyline changed , with 10 of the country ’s 20 tallest buildings constructed in the last six years .
Personal income doubled to 60 percent of the European Union average , introducing many Latvians to full - fledged Western consumerism for the first time .
Then , in 2007 , the Baltic real estate bubble burst .
Property prices crashed as much as 60 percent .
Gross domestic product fell nearly 20 percent .
By 2008 , the situation had gotten so bad that the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and European Union stepped in to stop the Latvian government from going belly up .
They approved a 7.5 billion euro bailout , as the record - setting economic plunge dragged down tax revenue .
The loans are being disbursed in separate chunks , each tied to fiscal targets .
Meanwhile , the economy might not yet have bottomed out .
A full 26 percent of the population now lives in poverty , including 51 percent of senior citizens , according to the latest figures from Eurostat .
Latvia ’s unemployment rate is the highest in the European Union .
In Riga , many of the new shops hawking High Street fashions and cell phones are empty , with retail sales down more than a third .
Once bustling restaurants now look like Edward Hopper ’s Nighthawks .
The unemployed are living off a monthly stipend of 100 lats ( $ 191 ) , while prices have only deflated slightly from their boom - time peak .
As part of its deal with its international creditors , Latvia agreed to implement austerity measures to control the budget , rather than allowing deficit spending — like the United States , China , and Germany do .
The government increased taxes and fees , fired public sector employees , and reduced the wages of those remaining by 20 percent .
It closed or merged more than 100 schools and cut teachers ’ salaries by a third .
( Teachers released hundreds of black balloons with the message " Save the Education System " in front of the Cabinet of Ministers building , to no avail . )
Now , it is shuttering hospitals .
Public transportation ticket prices are up .
Meanwhile , even those earning close to nothing must pay taxes .
If you earn just $ 50 a month , you still pay $ 12 in taxes .
Luckily for the government , the population has remained largely stoic in the face of deprivation — for now , at least .
There have been mass demonstrations , but only one turned riotous , 13 months ago .
And no large - scale strikes have occurred .
That might be because Latvians are , well , tough .
Many remember life under the Soviets : the deportations to Siberia , the secret police , the widespread consumer - goods shortages .
To those used to sustaining themselves with garden plots in their dreary Soviet - era apartment blocks , this crisis hardly compares with the horrors of the past .
Their stoicism may be rewarded .
The wage cuts have made the country more competitive .
The government ’s willingness to enact the painful measures has earned Riga the praise of its creditors .
On Feb. 12 , Standard and Poor ’s increased Latvia ’s credit rating outlook from negative to stable .
And its credit deal prevented the devaluation of the lats , which would have meant the end of Latvia ’s dream of joining the eurozone , higher bills for the many citizens who took loans out in euros during the boom years , and more losses for banks .
Some economic fundamentals are starting to unfreeze .
A modest recovery in Western Europe increased Latvia ’s exports .
The country ’s trade balance , unsustainably weighed on the side of imports during the boom , is looking better .
But this wo n’t help the average Latvian much .
" The trade balance improved , but only because consumption declined so much , " Mark Allen , director of policy development at the IMF , said at a recent investment conference .
" However , you ca n’t eat the trade balance ; you ca n’t invest in the trade balance … .
[ It is ] very , very painful . "
Joblessness will likely grow .
Wages are still decreasing , as is household consumption .
" When the economy bottoms out , it will not mean the labor market will improve , " Martins Kazaks , chief economist at Swedbank ’s Latvian subsidiary , said in an interview .
" Unfortunately , in terms of the average inhabitant … if they are unemployed , their ability to get a job this year is fairly slim . "
Moreover , Riga is still facing a budget crisis .
" For the budget for next year , we need [ to cut ] more than 400 million lats [ $ 770 million ] .
I do n’t see any substantial position where we can cut this entire amount .
It indicates that we will see some further tax increases , probably , " Dainis Gaspuitis , an economist at Sweden - based bank SEB ’s Latvian subsidiary , said in an interview .
" Some public employees will see further wage cuts .
I do n’t know how much .
There will be further staff cuts in the public sector . "
As bad as these measures are , though , economists say there is n’t much choice for Latvia ’s recovery , lest the government jeopardize the international loans keeping it solvent .
But the stoic Latvian public might be starting to turn .
One government collapsed last year , and its replacement is hanging on by a thread this year , with the prime minister ’s coalition partners strongly criticizing his policies .
The opposition alliance Harmony Center is leading in the polls .
If it triumphed in the fall elections , it would be Latvia ’s first left - wing government since it regained independence from the Soviet Union .
" One can always blame the government of not doing what they should , but they are by and large on the right track , " Kazaks said .
" One of the risks of this year is parliamentary elections are taking [ place ] . "
Persistent political corruption could also delay recovery by eating up money meant for investments .
Millions of dollars have been funneled out of projects like the National Library , Riga ’s Southern Bridge , and even children ’s hospitals .
" The depth of economic crisis and the social - economic problems could be linked to the high level of corruption during these years of economic growth , " Laura Mikelsone , director of the Delna anti-corruption organization , said in an interview .
" Whether we say now we are already at the bottom or still falling , of course , we are hopefully in for some fundamental changes . "
Mr Karroubi is a leading figure in the opposition Green Movement
Iran opposition leader Mehdi Karroubi's car has been fired on in the northern city of Qazvin , his website reports .
Mr Karroubi , who was in the city for a religious ceremony , was in the car at the time but was not said to be hurt .
The incident happened shortly after he left a house that had been surrounded by what the site called a well - organised group throwing stones .
Mr Karroubi was a reformist candidate in June 's election , and has protested strongly against alleged voting fraud .
Along with the main opposition candidate , Mir Hossein Mousavi , he has organised a series of mass protests in the months since .
They have grown into the biggest challenge to the government since the 1979 Islamic revolution .
' Stone - throwing '
The semi-official Fars news agency , apparently reporting the same incident , said that Mr Karroubi was forced to leave Qazvin on Thursday after a group staged a rally outside the place he was staying .
The report said the protesters chanted , " God damn Karroubi " and other insults and demanded he leave town .
According to his website , Sahamnews.org , Mr Karroubi was visiting the town to attend a mourning ceremony for opposition supporters killed in protests .
" Around 500 basiji [ militia ] and residents of nearby villages surrounded the place where he was and attacked the building with stones , breaking windows , " it said .
After several hours Mr Karroubi was able to leave with the help of police , but his car was attacked with gunfire as it pulled away .
As it was an armoured car , only the windows were damaged , the site said .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
January 12 , 2010
If you have business at the courthouse in Castle Rock , Colorado , be prepared to be subjected to a body scan .
“ Visitors and employees must now walk through a contraption many are used to seeing at airports , hold their hands up and wait to have a 3 - D holographic image of their body snapped , ” ABC News in Denver reported on June 11 , 2008 , well before the Christmas underwear non-bomber event and the current wave of government and corporate media spawned irrationality and hysteria designed to escalate Gestapo tactics in airports and acclimate citizens to the evolving police state .
Police respond to a shooting rampage at a federal courthouse in Las Vegas on January 4 , 2010 .
Events like this may be used to call for body scanners in public buildings .
“ It ’s not quite space age but it is definitely cutting - edge technology .
The Douglas County Sheriff ’s office said a body scanner and metal detector are both incorporated in the machine making it one of the first in the nation . ”
[ efoods ]
The Denver news station insisted the machine is completely harmless .
However , according to Mike Adams , the energy emitted by the machines may damage human DNA .
Adams cites a study conducted by Boian S. Alexandrov and his colleagues at the Center for Nonlinear Studies at Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico showed that these terahertz waves could “ unzip double - stranded DNA , creating bubbles in the double strand that could significantly interfere with processes such as gene expression and DNA replication . ”
In short , the machines may pose a threat to human health .
Beyond the health problems , the fact the machine was installed a full two years prior to the underwear non-bomber incident reveals that body scanners have nothing to do with preventing terrorism — the machines are the next wave of control grid technology .
The corporate media blitz underway is an effort to condition the public to accept government hirelings gawking at their private parts .
Body scanners are about submission , not preventing terrorism .
It is also significant because we are told the machines will be confined to airports .
In fact , the machines will ultimately be installed not only in courthouses – the recent violence at a courthouse in Las Vegas and an earlier incident at a Holocaust museum in Washington may be cited ( the latter shooter was described as a 9/11 truth activist by the corporate media ) – but in all public places , including train and bus stations ( recall the TSA searching bus passengers in Florida ) and malls .
In fact , we are one false flag incident away from this .
In October , federal authorities claimed a man in Massachusetts planned to “ launch a terrorist attack on a shopping mall in which he and his fellow conspirators would mow down civilians with automatic weapons . ”
Video : Alex Jones calls for mass resistance to airport body scanners :
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
When the Discovery Institute ’s Wedge Document was written in the late 1990s , its purpose was “ affirm the reality of God ” and to “ renew ” American culture by shaping public policy to reflect conservative Christian values .
At the time , the pro-intelligent design organization was using the fundraising document to raise money to “ defeat scientific materialism ” represented by evolution , and “ reverse the stifling materialist world view and replace it with a science consonant with Christian and theistic convictions . ”
But now , it looks like the strategy has been expanded to fight a culture war over the interpretation of our nation ’s history .
Even though the Discovery Institute has n’t been involved in the social studies boondoggle that has been taking place in Texas , the Board of Education has been following the Wedge Document blueprint as it rewrites its textbook guidelines .
The story in the New York Times Magazine on Sunday by Russell Shorto brilliantly laid out the history of members of TBOE and their attempt to hijack the education of America ’s children with religious doctrine .
It ’s a must read for anyone who wants to understand the motivations of the Christian Right regarding the long - term goals for our education system , playing out now in Texas .
As board member Cynthia Dunbar , who opposes public education , has said , “ the philosophy of the classroom in one generation will become the philosophy of the government in the next . ”
But what I found most fascinating about the piece is the explanation behind the religious right ’s recent interest in the Declaration of Independence .
Christian activists like David Barton ( who served as a curriculum advisor to the TBOE ) have been campaigning to shift the focus from the Constitution in civics class to the Declaration of Independence .
( In another arena , today ’s Mount Vernon Statement , released by conservative and religious right figures , maintains “ we need a restatement of Constitutional conservatism grounded in the priceless principle of ordered liberty articulated in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution . ” )
The reason is pretty clear .
The Declaration refers to a “ creator , ” while the Constitution contains no mention of God .
So they intend to use the Declaration to further the argument that the founding fathers wanted to create a “ Christian nation ” even though they forgot to mention that concept in the one document that outlines the code by which this nation would be governed .
In the article , Dunbar outlines a proposed legal strategy to defend linking the two documents :
Dunbar began the lecture by discussing a national day of thanksgiving that Gen. George Washington called for after the defeat of the British at Saratoga in 1777 — showing , in her reckoning , a religious base in the thinking of the country ’s founders .
In developing a line of legal reasoning that the future lawyers in her class might use , she wove her way to two Supreme Court cases in the 1960s , in both of which the court ruled that prayer in public schools was unconstitutional .
A student questioned the relevance of the 1777 event to the court rulings , because in 1777 the country did not yet have a Constitution .
“ And what did we have at that time ? ” Dunbar asked .
Answer : “ The Declaration of Independence . ”
She then discussed a legal practice called “ incorporation by reference . ”
“ When you have in one legal document reference to another , it pulls them together , so that they ca n’t be viewed as separate and distinct , ” she said .
“ So you cannot read the Constitution distinct from the Declaration . ”
And the Declaration famously refers to a Creator and grounds itself in “ the Laws of Nature and of Nature ’s God . ”
Therefore , she said , the religiosity of the founders is not only established and rooted in a foundational document but linked to the Constitution .
From there she moved to “ judicial construction and how you should go forward with that , ” i.e. , how these soon - to - be lawyers might work to overturn rulings like that against prayer in schools by using the founding documents .
For anyone who values freedom to worship according to one ’s conscience , this is scary stuff .
If you have n’t read the article yet , I encourage you to read all of it .
Those who have read the Wedge Document will recognize the sound of it in Shorto ’s account of the Texas battle .
It was presented as fact .
The UN ’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , led by India ’s very own RK Pachauri , even announced a consensus on it .
The world was heating up and humans were to blame .
A pack of lies , it turns out .
The climate change fraud is unprecedented in its deceit and unmatched in scope .
Never have so few fooled so many for so long .
If I had a world of my own , everything would be nonsense .
Nothing would be what it is , because everything would be what it is n’t .
And contrarywise , what is , it would n’t be .
And what it would n’t be , it would .
You see ?
— Alice in Wonderland
The climate change fraud that is now unravelling is unprecedented in its deceit , unmatched in scope — and for the liberal elite , akin to 9 on the Richter scale .
Never have so few fooled so many for so long , ever .
The entire world was being asked to change the way it lives on the basis of pure hyperbole .
Propriety , probity and transparency were routinely sacrificed .
The truth is : the world is not heating up in any significant way .
Neither are the Himalayan glaciers going to melt as claimed by 2035 .
Nor is there any link at all between natural disasters such as Hurricane Katrina and global warming .
All that was pure nonsense , or if you like , ‘ no - science ’ !
The climate change mafia , led by Dr Rajendra K Pachauri , chairperson of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , almost pulled off the heist of the century through fraudulent data and suppression of procedure .
All the while , they were cornering millions of dollars in research grants that heaped one convenient untruth upon another .
And as if the money was n’t enough , the Nobel Committee decided they should have the coveted Peace Prize .
But let ’s begin at the beginning .
Mr Pachauri has no training whatsoever in climate science .
This was known all the time , yet he heads the pontification panel which proliferates the new gospel of a hotter world .
How come ?
Why did the United Nations not choose someone who was competent ?
After all , this man is presumably incapable of differentiating between ocean sediments and coral terrestrial deposits , nor can he go about analysing tree ring records and so on .
That ’s not jargon ; these are essential elements of a syllabus in any basic course on climatology .
You can not blame him .
His degree and training is in railroad engineering .
You read it right .
This man was educated to make railroads from point A to point B .
THE GATHERING STORM
There are many casualties in this sad story of greed and hubris .
The big victim is the scientific method .
This was pointed out in great detail by John P Costella of the Virginia - based Science and Public Policy Institute .
Science is based on three fundamental pillars .
The first is fallibility .
The fact that you can be wrong , and if so proven by experimental input , any hypothesis can be —indeed , must be — corrected .
This was systematically stymied as early as 2004 by the scientific in - charge of the University of East Anglia ’s Climate Change Unit .
This university was at the epicentre of the ‘ research ’ on global warming .
It is here that Professor Phil Jones kept inconvenient details that contradicted climate change claims out of reports .
The second pillar of science is that by its very nature , science is impersonal .
There is no ‘ us ’ , there is no ‘ them ’ .
There is only the quest .
However , in the entire murky non-scientific global warming episode , if anyone was a sceptic he was labelled as one of ‘ them ’ .
At the very apex , before his humiliating retraction , Pachauri had dismissed a report by Indian scientists on glaciers as “ voodoo science ” .
The third pillar of science is peer group assessment .
This allows for validation of your thesis by fellow scientists and is usually done in confidence .
However , the entire process was set aside by the IPCC while preparing the report .
Thus , it has zero scientific value .
The fact that there was dissent within the climate science teams , that some people objected to the very basis of the grand claims of global warming , did not come out through the due process .
It came to light when emails at the Climate Research Centre at East Anglia were hacked in November 2009 .
It is from the hacked conversations that a pattern of conspiracy and deceit emerge .
It is a peek into the world of global warming scaremongering — amplify the impact of CO 2 , stick to dramatic timelines on destruction of forests , and never ask for a referral or raise a contrary point .
You were either a believer in a hotter world or not welcome in this ‘ scientific fold ’ .
HOUSE OF CARDS AND COLOUR OF CASH
So we have the fact that a non-expert heads the IPCC .
We have the fact that glaciers are not melting by 2035 ; this major scaremongering is now being defended as a minor error ( it was originally meant to be 2350 , some have clarified ) .
The date was spouted first by Syed Hasnain , an Indian glacier expert , in an interview to a magazine .
It had no scientific validity , and , as Hasnain has himself said , was speculative .
On the basis of that assertion , The Energy and Resources Institute ( Teri ) that Pachauri heads and where Hasnain works in the glaciology team , got two massive chunks of funding .
The first was estimated to be a $ 300,000 grant from Carnegie Corporation and the second was a part of the $ 2 million funding from the European Union .
So you write a report that is false on glaciers melting and get millions to study the impact of a meltdown which will not be happening in the first place .
Now if this is not a neat one , what is ?
The same goes for dire predictions on Amazon rain forests .
The IPCC maintained that there would be a huge depletion in Amazon rain forests because of lack of precipitation .
Needless to add , no Amazon rain forest expert could be trusted to back this claim .
They depended on a report by a freelance journalist and activist , instead , and now it has blown up in their faces .
There ’s plenty more in this sordid tale .
For one thing , there is no scientific consensus at all that man-made CO2 emissions cause global warming , as claimed by the IPCC .
In a recent paper , Lord Monckton of Brenchley , who has worked extensively on climate change models , argues : ‘ There is no scientific consensus on how much the world has warmed or will warm ; how much of the warming is natural ; how much impact greenhouse gases have had or will have on temperature ; how sea level , storms , droughts , floods , flora , and fauna will respond to warmer temperature ; what mitigative steps — if any — we should take ; whether ( if at all ) such steps would have sufficient ( or any ) climatic effect ; or even whether we should take any steps at all . ’
An investigation by Dr Benny Peiser , director , Global Warming Policy Foundation , has revealed that only 13 of the 1,117 , or a mere 1 per cent of the scientific papers crosschecked by him , explicitly endorse the consensus as defined by the IPCC .
Thus the very basis of the claim of consensus on global warming is false .
And so deeply entrenched is the global warming lobby , the prestigious journal Science did not publish a letter that Dr Peiser wrote pointing out the lack of consensus .
Speaking to Open , says Dr Peiser , “ The IPCC process by which it arrives at its conclusions lacks balance , transparency and due diligence .
It is controlled by a tightly knit group of individuals who are completely convinced that they are right .
As a result , conflicting data and evidence , even if published in peer - reviewed journals , are regularly ignored , while exaggerated claims , even if contentious or not peer - reviewed , are often highlighted in IPCC reports .
Not surprisingly , the IPCC has lost a lot of credibility in recent years .
It is also losing the trust of more and more governments who are no longer following its advice .
Until it agrees to undergo a root and branch reform , it will continue to haemorrhage credibility and trust .
The time has come for a complete overhaul of its structure and workings . ”
Another fraud is in the very chart central to Pachauri ’s speech at the Copenhagen summit .
As Lord Monckton has pointed out , ‘ The graph is bogus not only because it relies on made - up data from the Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia , but also because it is overlain by four separate trendlines , each with a start - date carefully selected to give the entirely false impression that the rate of warming over the past 150 years has itself been accelerating , especially between 1975 and 1998 .
The truth , however — neatly obscured by an ingenious rescaling of the graph and the superimposition of the four bogus trend lines on it — is that from 1860 to 1880 and again from 1910 to 1940 the warming rate was exactly the same as the warming rate from 1975 to 1998 . ’
PACHAURI ’S WRONG NUMBERS
This chart , tracking mean global temperature over the past 150 years , was central to the presentation that IPCC Chairman Rajendra K. Pachauri made at the Copenhagen environment summit .
Many scientists believe that the graph is fraudulent .
First , there are strong allegations that the data , collected from the Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia , is a tissue of lies .
Plus , as British climate change expert Lord Christopher Monckton puts it : “ ( The main graph , in darker blue ) is overlain by four separate lines , each carefully selected to give the entirely false im•pression that the rate of warming over the past 150 years has itself been accelerating , especially between 1975 and 1998 .
The truth , however … is that from 1860 to 1880 and again from 1910 to 1940 , the warming rate was exactly the same as the warming rate from 1975 to 1998 . ”
In other words , the graph has been drawn with a motive to prove one ’s point , and not to show the truth .
Thus the earth has warmed at this rate at least twice in the last 100 years and no major catastrophe has occurred .
What is more , the earth has cooled after that warming .
Why is the IPCC not willing to explore this startling point ?
Another total lie has been that the Sunderbans in Bangladesh are sinking on account of the rise in sea level .
The IPCC claimed that one - fifth of Bangladesh will be under water by 2050 .
Well , it turns out this is an absurd , unscientific and outrageous claim .
According to scientists at the Centre for Environmental and Geographical Information Services ( Cegis ) in Dhaka , its surface area appears to be growing by 20 sq km annually .
Cegis has based its results on more than 30 years of satellite imagery .
IPCC has not retracted this claim .
As far as they are concerned , Bangladesh is a goner by 2050 , submerged forever in the Bay of Bengal .
THE COOKIE CRUMBLES
The fallout of Climategate is slowly but surely unfolding right where it hurts a large number of special interests — in the field of business .
Yes , the carbon trading business is now in the line of fire .
Under a cap - and - trade system , a government authority first sets a limit on emissions , deciding how much pollution will be allowed in all .
Next , companies are issued credits , essentially licences to pollute , based on how large they are , and what industries they work in .
If a company comes in below its cap , it has extra credits which it may trade with other companies , globally .
Post Climategate , this worldwide trade , estimated at about $ 30 billion in 2006 , is finding few takers .
It is under attack following the renewed uncertainty over the role of human - generated CO 2 in global warming .
In the US , which never adopted any of this to begin with , there is a serious move now to finish off the cap - and - trade regime globally .
It ’s a revolt of sorts .
Six leading Democrats in the US Congress have joined hands with many Republicans to urge the Obama Administration to back off from the regime .
The collapse of the international market for carbon credits , a direct fallout of Climategate , has already sent shudders down many spines in parts of the world that were looking forward to making gains from it .
It was big business , after all , and Indian businesses were eyeing it as well .
In fact , Indian firms were expected to trade some $ 1 billion worth of carbon credits this year , and with the market going poof , they stand to lose quite some money ( notional or otherwise ) .
Besides the commercial aspect , there is also the issue of wider public credibility .
There have been signs of scepticism all along .
In a 2009 Gallup poll , a record number of people — 41 per cent — elected to say that global warming was an exaggerated threat .
This slackening of public support is in sync with a coordinated political movement that is seeking to re-examine the entire issue of global warming from scratch .
The movement is led by increasingly vocal Republicans in the US Senate and packs considerable political power .
Pachauri ’s position is also becoming increasingly untenable with demands for his resignation becoming louder by the day .
In an interview to Open , Pat Michaels of the Cato Institute , a noted US think - tank , who has followed the debate for years , says , “ Dr Pachauri should resign because he has a consistent record of mixing his political views with climate science , because of his intolerance of legitimate scientific views that he does not agree with , because of his disparagement of India ’s glacier scientists as practising ‘ voodoo science ’ , and because of his incomprehension of the serious nature of what was in the East Anglia emails . ”
Richard North , the professor who brought to light the financial irregularities in a write - up co-authored with Christopher Booker , has also said in a TV interview that , “ If Dr Pachauri does not resign voluntarily , he will be forced to do so . ”
GLOBAL STORMING AHEAD
The world awaits answers , based not on writings of sundry freelance journalists and non-experts , but on actual verifiable data on whether the globe is warming at all , and if so by how much .
Only then can policy options be calibrated .
As things stand , there is little doubt that the IPCC will need to be reconstituted with a limited mandate .
This mess needs investigation and questions need to be answered as to why absurd claims were taken as gospel truth .
The future of everything we know as ‘ normal ’ depends on this .
The real danger is that the general public is now weary of the whole thing , a little tired of the debate , and may not really care for the truth , convenient or otherwise .
Has a cost hike by a health insurer in California given new life to the Democratic healthcare - reform legislation in Washington ?
Maybe not directly .
But the decision by WellPoint to raise rates for some California customers by as much as 39 percent has given top Democrats a perceived villain they can rally supporters against .
Calling the WellPoint decision “ reckless , ” Senate majority leader Harry Reid ( D ) of Nevada on Thursday said it showed why healthcare reform is needed .
“ We do n’t have to let greedy health - insurance executives drag down our future , ” Senator Reid said .
President Obama made a similar point , using less - harsh language , at his Tuesday press conference .
Kathleen Sebelius , secretary of Health and Human Services , said Thursday that “ it remains difficult to understand ” how such premium increases could be justified when WellPoint reported a $ 4.75 billion profit in the last quarter of 2009 .
Earlier this week , Secretary Sebelius ordered a federal probe of the increase .
A subcommittee of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce scheduled a hearing on the rate hike for Feb. 24 , and it asked WellPoint ’s chief executive officer , Angela Braly , to appear .
Mr. Obama has asked Republicans to join him and Democratic leaders in a televised conference on healthcare on Feb. 25 .
WellPoint defends the hikes as a prudent business move .
In a letter to Sebelius , Brian Sassi , head of WellPoint ’s consumer business unit , said that because of the recession , healthy people are dropping insurance or opting for cheaper plans .
That lowers premium revenues , reducing the amount of money available to cover claims from those who remain .
WellPoint overall may have made money , but the unit that sells individual policies to people who do n’t get insurance through employers lost money , Mr. Sassi said .
In addition , he said , insurance rates are going up because health costs are continuing to rise .
The increase is probably actuarially defensible , writes health - insurance industry consultant Bob Laszewski in his popular health - policy blog .
But it is also a real - life example of what happens when national healthcare spending takes up a bigger and bigger share of the economy .
“ When the day is done this probably says more about why systemic health care reform is so critical than about any one company ’s behavior , ” writes Mr. Laszewski .
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
Mr. Spector has at least 10 clients seeking asylum in the United States because the wholesale violence in Juárez  where freelance criminals now seem to act with impunity  has them distrusting their government , their military , their neighbor .
Image VASTLY DIFFERENT WORLDS
A bridge from Ciudad Juárez to El Paso , a kind of sanctuary city for fleeing Juárez residents .
Credit ... Monica Almeida / The New York Times
Just the other day , he says , engineers from Juárez told him that masked men had come to their office to extort money .
When they complained to the police , he says , they were told to “ scratch your back with your own nails . ”
In other words : Go to El Paso .
Here , too , is Omar Herrera , who with two brothers recently opened Maria Chuchena , one of the many sleek Juárez restaurants resurfacing in El Paso .
Sitting in a booth as the transporting voice of the singer Shakira surrounds him , he recalls how business in Juárez plummeted after the drug war began .
Now , Juárez ’s once - bustling Lincoln Avenue , where the first Maria Chuchena opened and thrived , is deserted ; the only glow , he says , is that of a solitary A.T.M .
And the Maria Chuchena in the city of Chihuahua , 230 miles south of here , was burned down , he says , probably as a warning to anyone reluctant to pay tribute .
The brothers did not flee Juárez , Mr. Herrera points out , citing the Maria Chuchena that remains in the Campestre neighborhood  “ the Beverly Hills of Juárez . ”
Still , he often finds himself reminiscing about the vibrant Juárez of yesterday , and he is only 26 .
“ No one in Juárez came to El Paso for anything , ” he says .
“ It was the other way around . ”
And here in downtown El Paso is yet another Juárez light : A woman whose name will not be shared .
A woman who , after telling her story , offers to show the scars that can be seen .
She then lifts her shirt to reveal fresh confirmation of the bullet life in her home city , a few miles from where she hides .
Everyone ’s talking about the political upset at CPAC ( Conservative Political Action Conference ) over the weekend , where Ron Paul won the presidential straw poll .
A panel that would n’t have been allowed at CPAC a few years ago was well - attended at this year ’s conference : ‘ Youâ€™ve Been Lied To : Why Real Conservatives are Against the War on Terror . ’
Co-sponsored by the Campaign for Liberty , Ladies of Liberty Alliance , and the Future of Freedom Foundation , it was attended by over 300 people .
The speakers were :
Karen Kwiatkowski â€ ” retired U.S. Air Force Lieutenant Colonel
Philip M. Giraldi â€ ” former CIA counter - terrorism specialist and military intelligence officer , current Francis Walsingham Fellow at The American Conservative Defense Alliance , and weekly columnist for Antiwar.com
Jacob Hornberger â€ ” founder and president of The Future of Freedom Foundation
Bruce Fein â€ ” former associate deputy attorney general in the Reagan administration
Below is a video of the event , in two parts :
CPAC 2010 : “ Why Real Conservatives Are Against the War on Terrorism , Part 1 ” from The Future of Freedom Foundation on Vimeo .
CPAC 2010 : “ Why Real Conservatives Are Against the War on Terrorism , Part 2 ” from The Future of Freedom Foundation on Vimeo .
Thanks to the Future of Freedom Foundation for this video .
The latest report from market research firm Gartner suggests that mobile apps are big business , and that business should only grow in the next few years .
According to Gartner 's numbers and those reported by Apple , Apple completely owns this market , likely grabbing almost every one of the 4.2 billion dollars spent on mobile apps in 2009 .
Based on Gartner 's estimates and our own analysis , Apple could hold on to at least two - thirds of the market if current sales trends hold for 2010 .
Apple first opened the App Store in July 2008 , along with the launch of the iPhone 3G and the release of iPhone OS 2.0 .
Sales were brisk , with 300 million apps sold by December .
After the holidays , that number had jumped to 500 million .
Earlier this month , Apple announced that sales had topped 3 billion ; that means iPhone users downloaded 2.5 billion apps in 2009 alone .
Gartner 's figures show another 16 million apps that could come from other platform 's recently opened app stores , giving Apple at least 99.4 percent of all mobile apps sold for the year .
" As smartphones grow in popularity and application stores become the focus for several players in the value chain , more consumers will experiment with application downloads , " Stephanie Baghdassarian , research director at Gartner , said in a statement .
" Games remain the number one application , and mobile shopping , social networking , utilities and productivity tools continue to grow and attract increasing amounts of money . "
Gartner 's predictions for 2010 are 4.5 billion apps sold , for a total of $ 6.8 billion in revenue .
If Apple can merely maintain its current rate of about a quarter billion app sales per month , and revenue share tracks with market share , it stands to be responsible for 3 billion apps sales — 67 percent — good for about $ 4.5 billion in revenue .
Apple 's cut would be $ 1.35 billion , with developers taking the remainder .
However , as Apple gains more users from sales of new iPhone models and possibly from an expected tablet , Apple could get an even larger share of the mobile app market .
Predictions for 2013 , just a few years away , are even bigger — 21.6 billion apps sold for a total of $ 29.5 billion revenue .
The firm predicts that by then , 25 percent of the revenue generated by mobile apps will be from free versions supported with advertising .
" Growth in smartphone sales will not necessarily mean that consumers will spend more money , but it will widen the addressable market for an offering that will be advertising - funded , " Baghdassarian said .
That makes Apple 's acquisition of a mobile advertising firm seem like an even smarter move , just for the extra revenue alone .
The App Store model has become de rigueur on all the smartphone platforms , with RIM , Microsoft , Palm , and Google each building a similar way for developers to make apps available , and for users to find them and pay for them .
Gartner warns that developers will have to carefully consider which platform 's app store is best to promote their app .
Even with the hundreds of thousands of options that vie for users in the iPhone App Store , the numbers suggest that Apple remains most developers ' best bet .
UPDATE : A number of people have expressed concern that Gartner 's figure only count apps sold , and not free apps .
Gartner 's press release indicated otherwise , and we verified with Baghdassarian that the figures include all apps , free or otherwise , distributed from every app store .
According to Apple , it moved 2.5 billion apps , free or otherwise .
We contend that the 99.4 percent figure is accurate .
To help visualize this figure , some readers requested an additional chart :
“ It ’s such an underworld in a way , the celebrity wrangling , ” said Vanessa Bismarck , a New York - based fashion publicist whose firm , BPCM , represents labels like Preen and Azzaro .
She was referring to the deals , trades and exclusive contracts — first - class airfare , hotel rooms for friends , per diems , designer boutique shopping sprees — that miraculously clear a path to the front row for a busy actress .
This is especially the case in Paris and Milan , where budgets and appetites for celebrities are that much bigger .
“ Their managers and agents realize fashion shows are a money - making opportunity , ” said Roger Padilha , whose firm MAO Public Relations represents a number of fashion brands .
“ If you see an A - list star at a show , that ’s because she ’s making $ 100,000 on the deal . ”
Yet this season , because of the economy and a general souring on celebrity , many designers are taking a budget approach to V.I.P.’s , paying only for a guest ’s outfit for the show and maybe grooming and car - service expenses .
A publicist for several New York designers said his clients had been approached by actresses in Los Angeles willing to grace their front rows — provided travel expenses were covered .
The designers said no thanks .
“ Nobody has the money , ” the publicist said .
Last season , Ms. Lively , a Gossip Girl , was considered a good get .
This week , according to Mr. Padilha , “ Sandra Bullock is the get .
Even more so than Anne Hathaway . ” ( Ms. Hathaway , a clotheshorse , made her most recent front - row appearance in January at Giorgio Armani ’s haute couture show in Paris .
Ms. Bullock is a favorite to win an Oscar for her role in “ The Blind Side . ” )
The actress Laura Linney is expected to attend Mr. Kors ’s show , Mr. Daley said .
Also on guest lists , according to KCD , a publicity and show production company , are the actress Zoe Saldana , the singer Maxwell and Alexa Chung , the former MTV host who has her own namesake bag from Mulberry .
Image SCENE -STEALERS
Paris Hilton may fit the couture mold a little better than members of the cast of “ Jersey Shore , ” from left , Jenni Farley , Mike Sorrentino , Pauly Delvecchio and Nicole Polizzi .
Credit ... Mark Davis / Picture Group
Maybe the blunt mercantile aspects of celebrity — your frock for my recognizable face — have turned off the taste - makers .
On Wednesday , Mr. Jacobs ’s business partner , Robert Duffy , told Style.com that no celebrities were being invited to the designer ’s show on Monday , a reversal of years of packing rappers in with famous artists and actors .
Mr. Duffy said that “ the celebrity thing ” had become a bore .
# 1 Porn videos search engine
search site|channels |keywords |pornstars relevance recent duration all times past 24 hours past week past month past 6 months
top searches - japanese , mother , step mom , orgasm , doctor , sleeping mom , step sister , old granny , fuck my ass , hidden cam , teen , japanese creampie , canadian , russian , anal , surprise , lucky guy , chinese , interracial , lesbian , big , granny , couch , chubby teen , shemale fucks guy , twerking , ass , sleeping , public pick ups , seducing boyfriend
Badjojo is the # 1 free porn search engine , with millions of free videos .
Hearing High Moon Studios director Matt Tieger talk about the upcoming Transformers : War for Cyberton raises my hopes that fans will get a worthwhile game .
Describing it as " a gamer 's game , " Tieger speaks about Transformers in the same way the folks at Rocksteady , makers of Batman : Arkham Asylum , talk about the Dark Knight .
Granted , we 've yet to set our eyes on War for Cybertron , but it 's clear the goal is to create something special .
Optimus+has+an+axe+to+grind .
Freed from the constraints of a movie license , the new Transformers game lives within its own universe .
" If you had to pick an area where we are most firmly rooted , it 's probably from the Generation One cartoon from the 1980s , " Tieger says .
Most of the characters selected are from the first generation of toys -- the real classics of the Transformers universe .
They include Megatron , Optimus Prime , Ratchet , Ironhide , Starscream , Soundwave and Bumblebee .
But do n't expect exact replicas of your favorite characters .
Transformers takes place before these warring factions crashed on Earth .
" Our setting for our game is the waning years of this civil war that 's been waging on Cybertron , " Tieger explains .
" The Autobots and Decepticons have been fighting for millions of years .
We picked the last few years where that war is ultimately coming to a head .
We 're set on Cybertron .
Huge giant war .
The bad guys have an evil plan and really , that story is all about Megatron and his quest for power , his lust for power -- his abuse of power , ultimately .
" When you pop in the disc , you 'll be given a choice : Autobot or Decepticon campaign .
The Decepticon campaign takes place first , but you can play them in either order .
And while the two are tied together , you wo n't be playing the same scenarios from different sides .
These are two separate stories and whichever side you choose believes they are the good guys .
"
The story that we put together , we wanted to be more mature , " Tieger said .
" We wanted to be grittier and darker and dangerous .
That meant taking those characters and figuring out who they were . "
Tieger views Optimus Prime , the Autobot leader , as someone who " does n't really want to be the guy in charge . "
But at this critical moment in Transformers history , he is " coming to the conclusion that he is the right guy and even if he does n't want it , he is the savior of their race .
I wanted to [ explore those ] reasons a little deeper in this story .
" Tieger looks forward to how fans will react as the Transformers mythos is given a little added depth .
" What 's fun for me is exploring some relationships that really have n't been explored , " he says .
" Who is Starscream and why does he sign up with Megatron ?
And why does Megatron keep him around ?
We explore [ those questions ] in the first level of the Decepticon campaign .
" Tieger and High Moon Studios have an interesting take on Megatron , who figures prominently in the Decepticon storyline .
" I never really understood why Megatron was evil .
He 's just evil .
Okay , but why is he evil ?
What I believe comes across in our game is that Megatron is the hero .
That 's what he believes .
What he is doing and why he does what he does , he believes is the right thing to do .
He just has such a force of will and determination that he believes that the end justifies the means .
What he 's doing and why he 's doing it is a very clear objective for him .
He 's bringing Cybertron back to former glory .
Cybertron has fallen from what he believes it should be and he is going to reset things .
That 's not evil in his mind . "
Daily Fix Video January 12 , 2010
This news and more in the Daily Fix . - Raimi to Focus on WoW ?
- SWTOR : Spring 2011
- New EA Release Dates
- New Transformers Trailer
At the start of each level , you 're given a choice to play as one of three different Transformers .
The selection changes with each level and those levels are crafted specifically to fit those Autobots or Decepticons ' skill sets .
In terms of the gameplay , War for Cybertron has been compared to Gears of War .
In fact , the trailer clearly shows some moments where Transformers take cover .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) suggested Monday that domestic violence by men has increased due to U.S. joblessness .
Reid , speaking in the midst of a Senate debate over whether to pass a $ 15 billion package meant to spur job creation , appeared to argue that joblessness would lead to more domestic violence .
" I met with some people while I was home dealing with domestic abuse .
It has gotten out of hand , " Reid said on the Senate floor .
" Why ?
Men do n't have jobs . "
ADVERTISEMENT
Reid said that the effects of joblessness on domestic violence were especially pronounced among men , because , Reid said , women tend to be less abusive .
" Women do n't have jobs either , but women are n’t abusive , most of the time , " he said .
" Men , when they 're out of work , tend to become abusive , " the majority leader added .
" Our domestic crisis shelters in Nevada are jammed . ” Reid 's remarks are n't the first controversial remarks he 's made on the Senate floor .
He said in the midst of December 's heated healthcare debate that the Senate needed a " Rodney King " moment where members could " all try to get along , " channeling the plea of King , who pleaded with L.A. to calm itself after its 1991 race riots .
The Senate supported cloture in a 62 - 30 vote on Monday evening .
Watch a video of Reid 's remarks below :
It appears that Dave Pagnotta of The Fourth Period has come across someone willing to talk about the Kovalchuk talks .
Judging from the nature of the information , I 'd venture a guess that it is someone from the Kovalchuk side of the table .
The key section in this article is that the following :
Kovalchuk , Grossman , Waddell and part owner Bruce Levenson all got together at the end of October to map out a game plan .
According to a source , it was the first time the green light was given to start contract talks .
Instead of jumping at the chance to sign Kovalchuk right away , the team was focused on bringing in new investors and it took two months before contract negotiations finally picked up .
I 'd love to say that I do n't believe this quote , but I can't say that .
This would not be the first time that Thrashers budgeting has been held up by indecisive ownership .
GM
Don Waddell is not going to throw his bosses under the bus , but his ability to engage in long , medium or even short term planning has been hampered at times by a lack of timely decisions about how much money he is allowed to spend .
It is hard to formulate a multi - year plan if you do n't even know how much money you can spend this year .
I can also confirm that Atlanta Spirit has been working hard to find new ownership .
Prospective owners have been performing due diligence and kicking the tires .
But there have been no announcements of additional partners so far .
Any new ownership must be approved by the NHL Board of Governors and since there has been no public disclosure of new applicants to the BOG , I must infer that the efforts to add new ownership blood have come up empty to date .
It 's a sad state of affairs for Thrashers fans really .
On the one hand , Ilya Kovalchuk apparently wants to stay in Atlanta -- but only if he is one of the highest paid players in the NHL .
Personally , I would n't commit to paying more than 20 % of my budget to a guy who only plays offense .
On the other hand , the Thrashers ownership appears to be just as dysfunctional as when they were suing each other in court .
Earlier I blamed Don Waddell for waiting too long to fish or cut bait in the Kovalchuk talks , but it appears that ownership might be even more to blame for pushing the decision making process into December .
Don Waddell certainly shares a large portion of credit or blame for the performance of this team , but even if the GM were replaced ownership problems would remain .
( Do you think any potential rising star in the NHL management ranks would want to work for these superiors ? )
If ownership tells DW " sure you can sign Kovalchuk -- just wait for us to get a new owner on board " well that certainly makes a decision to fish or cut bait more difficult .
And if anyone thinks that Don Waddell 's plan was to have this drag out until the spring of 2010 , here 's what he said in the spring of 2009 when I asked if we could see a repeat of the Hossa saga :
I do n't think [ contract negotiations ] will last all season .
I think it will be pretty quick .
For me the decision is " does Kovalchuk want to stay ? " and if he wants to stay for the money -- we can pay it or we can't .
I think before the start of the year we will have this thing done , one way or the other - - hopefully with him re-signed .
Stay tuned for more twists and turns .
Bioware is no newcomer when it comes to creating solid RPGs .
Some of the best experiences I ’ve had in an RPG have come straight from Bioware ( Knights of the Old Republic , Mass Effect , etc ) .
It makes sense that Dragon Age : Origins would also be another solid title to add to their already impressive collection .
Story
What is great about this game is that the story depends on the player .
You choose a gender / race / class and one of 6 backgrounds .
Each of these backgrounds has a different beginning to the game .
It ’s like World of Warcraft in a sense , you ’ll start in your own unique setting but eventually end up where everyone else will go .
Regardless of your choice , you are selected by the Grey Wardens , a group of fighters whose sole purpose is to end the blight .
Evil orc - like creatures known as the Darkspawn are overunning the land .
Nobody knows their true origin , but it ’s up to you to amass an army of races and destroy the leader of the blight , the Archdemon .
Of course , the plot is a lot more complicated than this and there are plenty of twists and turns along the way .
The best part is how the story is shaped around your actions .
When it comes to a solid story , Bioware does not disappoint .
Sound
I ’ll admit that I was worried when I heard Marilyn Manson on the teaser vids and questioned whether this game would be littered with guitar riffs every time I entered a battle .
Luckily the soundtrack proves to be as epic as the story .
With a pure symphony in the background as you slash your way through darkspawn , you are drawn into the game even more .
The voice acting is another strong point of Dragon Age .
You will meet hundreds of different characters in this game , and each one is given a personality all their own .
This game relies pretty heavily on spoken dialogue , and Bioware was able to deliver solid voice talent for the respective roles .
Truly shining moments include when your party members banter back and forth with each other .
Claudia Black ( Chloe from Uncharted 2 ) , Steve Valentine ( Harry Flynn from Uncharted 2 ) , even Simon Templeton ( Kain from Legacy of Kain series ) throw their talent into some of the more important characters flawlessly .
Graphics
This is an area where Dragon Age : Origins does not truly shine , but is easily forgiven considering the amount of content .
Most of the textures that you see are a little behind the times .
There are very few pre-rendered cutscenes , all the events you watch happen in real - time .
This is great for a quick switch between a deep conversation and battle , but on the moments that you simply watch a scene unfold you might find yourself distracted by little things .
It ’s the environments and character models that truly make up for the lacking textures .
The worlds and environments you visit are incredible in detail , from underground dwarven cities to dreary swamps .
Of particular mention , is “ The Fade ” , a dark realm strewn with a ghostly ambiance and disfigured landscape .
The enemies you encounter are truly detailed and Darkspawn possess intinimdating features .
Weapons , armor , and spells are also displayed well , shimmering in the light and illuminating dark caverns .
As an added bonus , if you are in the fight you will find your character covered in blood …it ’s the little things like this that help you overlook the fact that this game is not nearly as detailed as others .
Gameplay
Dragon
Age follows closely to the Knights of the Old Republic gameplay .
You issue commands to your party and they follow suit .
You tell them where to stand , what to attack , and what spell / ability to use and watch as it is played out .
Simple right ?.. not at later stages .
Though forgiving in the beginning , Dragon
Age encourages you think on your feet , using appropriate tactics for each situation .
Constantly you will ask yourself questions like ;
Should I attack the mage or archer first ?
Should I take the boss out or minions and THEN the boss ?
It ’s questions like these that make Dragon Age so great , finding a working method for the party you choose .
Gameplay is mixed further by the various classes .
The basic three are Warrior / Mage / Rogue .
However these classes are expanded on to find a specialty .
Mages , for example , can become spirit healers ( your party healer ) , shapeshifters ( morphing into various animals ) , or even blood mages ( dark and powerful arts ) .
The variety available allows for some interesting and unique party assemblies .
My problem with the gameplay , lies only in the console version .
In the PC version , you are given a large bar for a slew of abilities to hotkey .
This makes issuing commands fast , simply clicking an enemy and then an ability .
With the console version , you are only able to hotkey 6 commands to the face buttons ( Using the R trigger to alternate between them ) .
This is fine on early levels , but as you progress this can become problematic when you gain more abilities .
The console version contains a “ wheel ” that you must navigate through to find the spell / ability you did n’t hotkey , taking you out of the action .
This is further made frustrating by the targeting system , which you must cycle through all enemies on the field with the D - Pad , whereas the PC is simply a click .
Something I did not expect to affect the gameplay as much is your choices .
There is no morality gauge on this game that rates whether you are good or evil .
Instead , it ’s your choices that influence your party .
Deciding to help a beggar may appeal to some members of your party , but not others .
You gain favor for some and lose it for another .
If your party likes you enough , they may be influenced to boost their magic / attack / etc .
Even their presence in your party affects how easy it is to complete a quest .
For example , I had one instance where I was trying to have a murderer freed .
I pleaded with the woman on one game to no avail , yet when I had a member of the chantry in my party they trusted me and granted his release .
It ’s small things like this that truly makes the game unique :
The possibilty to avoid fights / finish quests with ease simply based on how I stand with my party members .
Overall
Despite a step back in graphics and the dreaded console ability wheel , Dragon Age still gives a solid RPG .
Though Knights of the Old Republic still reigns high on my list , Dragon Age is not far behind .
With over +40 hours of content it ’s a lot of fun with a huge world to explore .
Chances are if you are a fan of KotOR , you will love this title .
If the option is available , I would get this game for PC for the best experience .
Cultural historians are desperately seeking a precedent to the Jay Leno - Conan O'Brien fiasco .
They are looking in the wrong places .
True , Pat Sajak , Chevy Chase and Joan Rivers all got axed from late - night talk shows after shockingly brief stints at the helm , but none of them got $ 32.5 million to take a hike .
And none of them got replaced by the person they had replaced .
And none of them pouted about getting canned for general incompetence while millions of their countrymen — who had not actually failed at their jobs — were unable to find work .
No , ...
Did you spend time with your family on Feb. 15 ? Canadians did .
For many of our northern neighbors , this Monday was n’t Presidents Day but Family Day , an official paid holiday created in several provinces for the sole purpose of promoting quality time for families .
Canada ’s Family
Day is the capstone in a long tradition of family - friendly policies that support and strengthen the family unit .
Although America has a deep - seated philosophy that strong families are key to a strong country , our state and national policies simply do n’t measure up .
Despite our fears that socialism is an unwanted and perhaps contagious disease , in these tough economic times , most Americans would welcome the kind of public benefits provided to Canadian families .
New parents can take up to 50 weeks of paid maternity or paternity leave , at up to 55 percent salary .
They are also guaranteed a comparable job when they return to work at the end of the time off .
To help offset the costs of raising children , a variety of subsidy programs are available , both to working parents who use day care and stay - at - home moms and dads .
These benefits are in addition to guaranteed healthcare for all families , regardless of income , employment history , size of workplace , or preexisting health conditions .
Dubious distinction on parental leave
By contrast , the United States is arguably the only industrialized country in the world that does n’t give all new moms paid time off .
In a 2007 report that studied 173 countries , a Harvard and McGill University research team found that 168 nations provide some form of paid income benefit for childbirth , leaving the United States in the company of four other countries – Lesotho , Liberia , Swaziland , and Papau New Guinea – that do not guarantee some form of paid maternity leave .
Even US companies that are praised for being family friendly offer little more than six weeks of fully paid leave .
The resulting financial pressure causes many moms to separate prematurely from their newborns .
Given all we know about early childhood development , this separation imposes a high cost on families and society in years to come .
An American mother might be able to afford to take another six weeks of unpaid leave , or some companies may allow her to use sick time to extend her paid leave .
She must return to work within 12 weeks , however , or risk losing her job .
Fathers are generally absent from the equation unless they qualify for , and can afford to take , the 12 weeks of unpaid leave provided by the Family and Medical Leave Act ( FMLA ) .
But since FMLA applies only to companies with more than 50 employees , about 40 percent of US workers are n’t eligible .
Such help is no help at all to the growing number of homeless and jobless families .
And millions of families that try to keep a parent at home with the kids must do so without good health insurance .
These families face the fear that one health crisis could leave them in financial ruin .
Maternity leave in America comes in the form of disability insurance .
The Pregnancy Discrimination
Act of 1978 prevents employers from treating pregnancy or childbirth any differently from the way it treats other short - term disabilities .
Thirty years ago , this legislation afforded critical employment protection for women .
Today , it effectively devalues families by classifying the act of motherhood as something broken or sick .
The cost of not investing in parents
What if the United States chose to follow Canada ’s lead and funded families as a high national priority ?
Critics say we could never pull off something so radical because of sheer cost .
What we do n’t realize is that we are already paying .
When we say we ca n’t afford to invest in new moms , dads , and their babies , we pay in other ways – with attachment disorders , compromised mental and physical health , and stressed and absent parents during the critical formative years when research and instinct tell us our children need us most .
For all our fears about the cost of universal healthcare , the US already spends much more on healthcare than Canada does .
Canadians seem to have found a way to focus on wellness , preventive care , and lifestyle changes .
The US seems to operate in perpetual crisis mode , with high - cost , uncontrollable healthcare usage that has emergency rooms bursting .
A healthy country depends on healthy families .
Yet rather than unite to push for needed reforms , Americans have politicized family values .
The “ pro-family ” distinction has been hijacked in America by right - wing politics .
We discuss gay marriage endlessly , but have yet to begin to talk seriously about practical ways to help the parents who raise our newest citizens , and who live and work in our communities .
It is true that American families are under attack , but for reasons that transcend the current , unhelpful conservative - liberal debate .
In the past decade , as Canadians have doubled the length of standard parental leave , and secured Family Day for additional provinces , Americans have divided along partisan lines , watching lobbyists fight tooth and nail to see whose definition of family will sway federal policy .
The debate has distracted us from the difference we might make if we just focused on those things that are good for all families .
Canada ’s newest statutory holiday may not be enough for Americans to move to a colder climate .
But it ought to be enough to give us pause .
Canadians have implemented vastly different policies that benefit their families , not just on the third Monday of February , but every day , in the quality of life they lead .
With a fresh focus on the importance of families , and a united commitment to strengthen the family unit , we Americans could see similar progress , if not a new national holiday .
At the very least we can acknowledge , that yesterday , as they took time off from work to spend with their families , our northern neighbors got it right .
Angela Kays - Burden is a licensed master social worker .
---
Want to join the conversation ?
Follow us on Facebook .
Galaxy quest :
First stunning images from telescope scanning our entire night sky
A wispy comet , a star - forming cloud and the grand Andromeda galaxy are the first cosmic characters to be unveiled by Nasa 's latest hi-tech space telescope .
The Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer ( WISE ) , which was launched into orbit in December 2009 , is scanning the entire sky in infrared light .
The satellite has already beamed back more than a quarter of a million raw , infrared images .
These first processed pictures show a sample of the mission 's targets from individual comets and asteroids to huge galaxies .
This infrared WISE image shows a star - forming cloud 20,000 light years away that is teeming with gas , dust and massive newborn stars .
The inset reveals the centre of the cloud , a cluster of stars called NGC 3603
' WISE has worked superbly , ' said Nasa 's Ed Weiler .
' These first images are proving the spacecraft 's secondary mission of helping to track asteroids , comets and other stellar objects will be just as critically important as its primary mission of surveying the entire sky in infrared . '
One image shows a bright and choppy star - forming region called NGC 3603 , lying 20,000 light - years away in the Carina spiral arm of our Milky Way galaxy .
This star - forming factory is churning out batches of new stars , some of which are monstrously massive and hotter than the sun .
The hot stars warm the surrounding dust clouds , causing them to glow at infrared wavelengths .
WISE will see hundreds of similar star - making regions in our galaxy , helping astronomers piece together a picture of how stars are born .
The immense Andromeda galaxy , also known as M31 is the Milky Way 's neighbour .
The mosaic covers an area equivalent to more than 100 full moons
The observations also provide an important link to understanding violent episodes of star formation in distant galaxies .
Because NGC 3603 is much closer , astronomers use it as a lab to probe the same type of action that is taking place billions of light - years away .
Another image shows the beauty of a comet called Siding Spring .
As the comet parades toward the sun , it sheds dust that glows in infrared light visible to WISE .
The comet 's tail , which stretches about 10 million miles , looks like a streak of red paint .
A bright star appears below it in blue .
' We 've got a candy store of images coming down from space , ' said Edward Wright of UCLA , the principal investigator for WISE .
' Everyone has their favorite flavours , and we 've got them all . '
During its survey , the mission is expected to find perhaps dozens of comets , including some that ride along in orbits that take them somewhat close to Earth 's path around the sun .
WISE will help unravel clues locked inside comets about how our solar system came to be .
Traveling farther out from our Milky Way , the third new image shows our nearest large neighbor , the Andromeda spiral galaxy .
Andromeda is a bit bigger than our Milky Way and about 2.5 million light - years away .
Visitor from deep space : Comet Siding Spring was discovered in 2007 .
The mass of ice and dust spent billions of years orbiting in a spherical cloud of comets surrounding our solar system , before it was knocked onto a course nearer the Sun
The new picture highlights WISE 's wide field of view - it covers an area larger than 100 full moons and even shows other smaller galaxies near Andromeda , all belonging to our " local group " of more than about 50 galaxies .
WISE will capture the entire local group .
The fourth WISE picture is even farther out , in a region of hundreds of galaxies all bound together into one family .
Called the Fornax cluster , these galaxies are 60 million light - years from Earth .
The mission 's infrared views reveal both stagnant and active galaxies , providing a census of data on an entire galactic community .
A dense cluster of galaxies captured by WISE .
The cluster , called Fornax because of its location in a constellation of the same name , is 60 million light - years from Earth , and is one of the closest galaxy clusters to the Milky Way
' All these pictures tell a story about our dusty origins and destiny , ' said WISE project scientist Peter Eisenhardt .
' WISE sees dusty comets and rocky asteroids tracing the formation and evolution of our solar system .
We can map thousands of forming and dying solar systems across our entire galaxy .
' We can see patterns of star formation across other galaxies , and waves of star - bursting galaxies in clusters millions of light years away . '
Other mission targets include comets , asteroids and cool stars called brown dwarfs .
WISE discovered its first near - Earth asteroid on January 12 and first comet on January 22 .
Since objects around room temperature emit infrared radiation , the WISE telescope and detectors are kept very cold at - 257C .
Description :
This video shows Lucy Blue and Philippe Cousteau setting up a film experiment using a revolutionary camera that captures continuous all - round video images .
Once the camera was placed on the sea bed , it was operated remotely from the boat in an attempt to capture the behaviour of lionfish on film , undisturbed by divers .
The lionfish is an invasive predator which is devastating local fish populations .
It was anticipated that the filming would shed light on their highly successful hunting technique .
In the event , the lionfish decided not to perform in front of cameras and proved elusive - hence no lionfish on the film .
The team were , however , rewarded on other film shoots with sharks and seals ( see clips on the right ) .
By Caroline Duffield
BBC News , Lagos
Dr Anthony Mbah is planning another mass burial soon A Nigerian hospital has told the BBC it is overwhelmed by the number of corpses being brought to them by police .
The Chief Medical Director at the University of Nigeria Teaching Hospital in Enugu says his staff are being forced to carry out mass burials .
The BBC has established that at least seven people were last seen alive in police custody , accused of kidnapping .
Enugu State Police Commissioner Mohamed Zarewa told the BBC he was too busy to talk about their case .
This boy was not an armed robber .
He was never a thief , much less an armed robber
Chief Dennis Onovo
Police issuing corpses and denials Nigeria 's police have faced strong criticism from human rights groups for carrying out extrajudicial and arbitrary killings .
Amnesty international is presenting the results of a three - year investigation on Wednesday , in which they will describe the level of police killings as shocking .
The BBC has visited the morgue and taken photographs .
The images are disturbing .
They show piles of young men , lying on top of one another and strewn about on tables and floors .
In places the corpses are stacked four or five deep .
Officers killed Records show 75 corpses were delivered to the morgue by police between June and 26 November this year .
Some of the bodies were piled on top of each other The Chief Medical Director of the hospital , Dr Anthony Mbah , says his staff were forced to carry out a mass burial of between 70 and 80 bodies some weeks ago .
He says that another mass burial is planned to take place soon .
Seven of those in the morgue were arrested , accused of kidnapping , and paraded alive in front of the media in early September .
But their names appear in the morgue register - on 15 and 16 of September .
Police Commissioner Zarewa told the BBC he was unaware of the number of young men lying dead in the morgue .
He says his officers are forced to engage armed robbers in gunfights and that many police officers are also killed .
He insists that his police force operate within the law .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Wall Street Journal 's Thomas Frank on C - SPAN 's Washington Journal talks about the Tea Party movement and how , as he wrote in his article The Tea Parties Are No ' Great Awakening ' , the leaders of this movement are just the same characters from the Jack Abramoff story :
How glorious is the tea -party movement ?
Some talk of its purity of heart , its patriotic spontaneity , and its abundance of republican virtue .
To hear others tell it , the movement is but a few steps away from sacred .
After attending the National Tea Party Convention in Nashville , the prominent blogger Glenn Reynolds wrote last week in the Washington Examiner that the movement amounted to " America 's Third Great Awakening , " a massive popular rising against " politicians and parties " that have " grown corrupt , venal and out - of - touch . "
How strange , then , that this flowering of populist integrity should have been tended and pruned and succored by a group of Beltway operators known primarily for their venality and insider power .
Read on ...
It 's always painful to part with nice features , especially when the reasons amount to a matter of policy .
Apple has reportedly demanded that USB syncing be removed from several iPhone apps , most recently iPhone e-book reader Stanza .
Previously , Stanza had a companion app for Mac OS X and Windows that allowed users to sync e-books over USB .
TechCrunch reports that Stanza 's developers , Lexcycle , received a call from Apple to demand the removal of the feature , for reasons that could not be publicly disclosed .
Stanza is n't the first program to be bitten by this issue .
Fellow e-book GoodReader also had USB - syncing functionality , but it was removed in a previous version , also at Apple 's behest .
Other iPhone apps such as DigiDNA 's FileApp ( née FileAid ) have found themselves on Apple 's naughty list as well .
The reason behind the feature 's axing ?
As Apple 's Michael Jurewitz has stated on Twitter , there is no public API for syncing via USB .
In other words , there 's no Apple - approved method for iPhone applications to sync with companion apps through a USB cable .
Most iPhone applications that talk to desktop counterparts , like PasteBot and 1 Password Touch , use the Apple - approved method of syncing via Wi -Fi instead .
Fortunately , Stanza also supports Wi- Fi syncing through its companion app as well as Calibre , so this should n't inconvenience too many users .
GoodReader supports Wi - Fi syncing as well , but its own implementation is n't quite as slick .
Stanza has gained quite a reputation for being a very robust e-book reader for iPhone .
Its developers were acquired by Amazon last year , for reasons that some speculated had to do with Stanza 's involvement in promoting the ePub format for e-books .
ePub is backed by Adobe and a coalition of publishers , and it competes directly with Amazon 's own proprietary format for Kindle e-books .
As it happens , ePub is also the format of choice for Apple 's forthcoming iBookstore .
While Apple 's rules prohibit the use of private APIs in third - party applications , the company has been more forgiving of late , in some cases notifying developers of violations and asking them to remove the offending code in a future version , rather than rejecting the application outright .
However , if there is to be any hope of USB syncing for iPhone apps , developers will have to pitch an enchancement request to Apple , in the hopes that the company might add the feature in a future iPhone OS upgrade .
The hearing is finally scheduled to end Friday , and a verdict on Mr. Freshwater ’s fate is expected some months later .
But the town  home to about 15,000 people , more than 30 churches and an evangelical university  remains split .
Image John Freshwater , center , in Mount Vernon , Ohio , in April 2008 .
Credit ... Pam Schehl / Mount Vernon News , via Associated Press
To some , Mr. Freshwater is a hero unfairly punished for standing up for his Christian beliefs .
To others , he is a zealot who pushed those beliefs onto students .
“ Freshwater ’s supporters want to make this into a new and reverse version of the Scopes trial , ” said David Millstone , the lawyer for the Mount Vernon Board of Education , referring to the Tennessee teacher tried in 1925 for teaching evolution .
“ We see this as a basic issue about students having a constitutional right to be free from religious indoctrination in the public schools . ”
Mr. Freshwater , who declined to be interviewed , has said he did not mean to burn a cross on any student ’s arm .
Instead , he said he intended to leave a temporary X on the skin using a device called a Tesla coil during a science demonstration .
He says he had done that , with no complaints , hundreds of times in his 21 years as a teacher at Mount Vernon Middle School .
In a radio interview in 2008 , he said he had been a target for removal since 2003 , when he proposed that the school board adopt a policy to teach evolution as theory , not proven scientific fact .
“ I ruffled some feathers , ” he said .
Feb. 9 , 2010  --
At a time when returning soldiers are regarded as national heroes and the number of war dead continues to rise , lying about medals affixed to a military uniform is seen as a lie so foul , it is criminal .
It is being challenged now in federal court .
Xavier Alvarez , a California man convicted in 2007 of falsely claiming to be a decorated Marine , is asking the U.S. Court of Appeals to overturn the conviction and rule the Stolen Valor Act unconstitutional .
A ruling could come at any time .
Most legal experts think he will lose .
But he argues that his right to free speech -- even his right to lie -- is protected by the First Amendment .
" It 's no more free speech than yelling ' Fire ! ' in a crowded theater is free speech , " Georgetown University law professor Gary Solis told ABCNews.com .
Alvarez was a member of a California municipal water board when he claimed at a 2007 meeting that he was a former Marine with 25 years service and that he had been awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor , the highest military honor awarded by the U.S. government .
He is now in prison on an unrelated conviction for insurance fraud .
" I 'm not going to defend what Mr. Alvarez said .
It was wrong , " Deputy Federal Public Defender Jonathan Libby said .
" The First Amendment is supposed to mean something . "
Upholding the Stolen Valor Act , Libby said , basically gives Congress the right to decide which lies are punishable as crimes .
Alvarez did n't commit perjury , he said , and he did n't use his claims to collect veterans affairs benefits .
His crime hurt no one , Libby argues .
" People tell lies about all sorts of things all the time , " Libby said .
" And the First Amendment certainly protects the right to lie . "
Solis , a former Marine prosecutor and a two - tour Vietnam veteran , said lying about military service is an affront to anybody who has proudly worn a U.S. military uniform .
" It 's repulsive .
It makes me want to punch someone , " he said .
People who lie about military medals are " attempting to gain recognition and personal favor and tangibly better treatment on the basis of the valor of others who have sacrificed greatly , perhaps with their lives , " he said .
Stolen Valor Frauds Often Also Seek Financial Benefits
To reduce the matter of stolen valor to a freedom of speech argument , Solis said , is " not only ludicrous , but insulting to the memory of those who have earned what gents like this try to take for free . "
One judge has already quashed Alvarez 's plea .
In a 2008 decision denying Alvarez 's motion to dismiss his conviction , U.S. District Court Judge R. Gary Klausner of the Central District of California denied Alvarez 's motion to dismiss his conviction on the basis that the Stolen Valor Act violated his First Amendment rights .
" It appears to be merely a lie intended to impress others present at the meeting , " Klausner wrote in his decision .
" Such lies are not protected by the Constitution . "
Doug Sterner , an Army veteran whose wife 's college policy analysis led to the writing of the Stolen Valor Act , has been tracking fake military claims for years .
He gets hundreds of phony applications each year for the Hall of Valor , an online collection of military citations and awards .
Though the Hall of Valor was intended to document the heroic tales of America 's service men and women , he now also uses it as a platform to report possible violations of the Stolen Valor Act .
He sees very few cases where such a lie is n't fueled by a desire to take advantage of some benefit to decorated veterans .
" Almost without exception in every sort of stolen valor case I have dealt with , there is some kind of underlying fraud , usually with financial fraud , " he said .
In Houston last week , the FBI arrested a man who attended the mayoral inauguration with enough medals pinned to his chest to raise the suspicion of one retired military man who snapped several pictures and sent them to ABC's Houston affiliate KTRK .
The photo shows him at Mayor Annise Parker 's inauguration in December wearing a U.S. Army general 's uniform " and many unauthorized and unearned military combat and bravery awards . "
Michael Patrick McManus , 44 , was later arrested at his home and charged with violating the Stolen Valor Act .
According to a news release after his arrest , the FBI found that he had served in the Army for three years in the 1980s , but never rose above the rank of private .
Stolen Valor : Medals Indicate Bravery , Sacrifice
Among the medals on McManus ' uniform were the Distinguished Service Cross combat award for bravery , the Silver Star combat award for bravery , the Bronze Star combat award for bravery , the U.S. Air Medal award , the U.S. Flying Cross award and a Purple Heart .
He was also wearing the Combat Infantry Badge , Master Jump Wings , Helicopter Pilot Wings , Air Assault Wings and the Pathfinder Badge , according to the FBI .
Sterner noted that the vast majority of suspected stolen valor cases are never prosecuted .
He knows of 50 to 60 convictions since the law was signed by President George Bush .
He attributed the seemingly low number of charges filed to a disparity among U.S. attorneys willing to take on such cases unless they are particularly egregious .
But for the men and women who actually earned the medals , even the slightest exaggeration is an insult to not just them , but the armed forces .
" It 's not simply a pickup line , " Solis said .
Military decorations are so enticing to some that even former Navy Adm.
Jeremy Boorda , who commanded a ship in Vietnamese waters during the Vietnam War , was challenged in 1996 over two " V "s that were attached to medals that he wore in an official photo .
The Vs designated that he won the medals in combat .
As an indication of how sensitive an issue those medals are to people who have earned them , Boorda committed suicide in 1996 when pressed to defend his honors .
It 's also not a new offense .
The Stolen Valor
Act only strengthened existing laws that punished those wearing unauthorized military decorations and medals .
Solis said he remembered prosecuting what amounted to a stolen valor case in the 1970s when a police officer who was a veteran of the military , recognized that the decorated uniform of a Marine he pulled over for speeding had been exaggerated based on the medals pinned to the front .
" He just wanted to be a hometown hero , " Solis said .
Why Desktop Computers Are n't Going Anywhere
Latency is Bad
Lack of a Consistant UI and API for Dynamic Web Applications
The Status Quo is Comfortable
Powerful Computers are Cheap
Conclusion
Over the past few years , the web interface for creating applications has come a long way .
With AJAX and similar technologies , we now have the ability to have the browser interact directly with the server without page reloads in a more or less standard way , a critical step in perceived performance for end users .
Applications such as Google Maps and Spreadsheets , Writely , AjaxWrite , and Meebo , among others , prove that the web applications can perform at a level comparable to disk - based counterparts .
It would seem like the late 90's vision of the Network Computer is finally upon us .
And yet it is n't .
This infuriates many people in the software development world .
We deal in a world of absolutes , where there is one right answer and it is inevitable , at least to people who trouble themselves to think of such things .
Procedural languages give way to object - oriented ones .
Proprietary formats give way to open standards .
And desktop applications move to the web .
There is just something that feels right about this , like a ship emerging from a fog .
When it is in the fog it does its best to muddle its way through , but when it sees an opening filled with sunlight it suddenly knows the right way to go .
There are several things which prevent this from happening on a wide scale , however , some of which are either miscalculated or underestimated by people on the front lines developing the software .
Below are some of the hurdles web applications have to overcome to graduate to the next level of mainstream acceptance .
This one we all know .
The problem with all applications delivered over a network is that the network itself is unpredictable .
While it is neat to play with Google Spreadsheets to see what the guys in Mountain View are up to , trying to do real work in it is another thing entirely .
If you lose your connection to the net because your ISP trips over your wire at the central office , you lose what you are working on .
More likely , you will deal with nagging little performance issues as your AJAX calls are n't returned in real - time , or the Flash game on another tab in your browser sucks up all your CPU cycles and makes your page slow to refresh , or any number of other things that impact your browser and make your AJAX experience less than optimal .
The web applications just do n't have the same feel as desktop applications , much like Java Swing interfaces do n't feel like native ones .
It 's a fact of life right now .
This is more subtle and requires a little more explanation .
First , there is a difference between a library and an API .
A library obscures some functionality to let someone program at a higher level of abstraction .
An API defines a platform .
There are of course similarities between the two , but the bottom line is that there is not a consistant dynamic web platform that is accepted as a standard by normal users .
What we are left with instead are 299 different AJAX libraries with largely overlapping functionality and slightly different assumptions and design goals .
Building your application around one of these may help you from dealing with obnoxious things like browser detection and XMLHttpRequest object instantiation and may even give you some cool fading effects to play with , but it will most likely not make your application look like other web applications to end users or give you higher - level building blocks with which to build your applications and interfaces .
A quick rant : Developers ( particularly open - source developers ) believe that diversity in libraries and interfaces is a strength rather than a weakness .
I agree only in so far as the diversity eventually pushes standards into place as the stronger ideas are adopted and the weaker ones dropped .
To typical end -users ( the type you need to make any type of revolution mainstream ) having 10 ways to do the same thing is confusing .
Look at the window managers available for Linux as an example .
Should mainsteam users even know what a window manager is ?
Are the subtle differences between Gnome and KDE worth the fact that every newby book for Linux needs to dedicate a chapter to describing X Windows and how it decouples the presentation of windows from the lower level parts , and how you can choose between a million different interfaces despite the fact that you want the one that looks like Microsoft Windows ?
This stuff is confusing to people who do it for a living , nevermind people just looking to surf the web in peace .
This same problem plagues web development , where the large number of developers and the Not - Invented - Here syndrome that they usually have leads to everyone wanting to make their own libraries rather than adopt someone elses ' .
Our inability to establish de facto standards on our own is what lets certain monolithic corporations do it for us .
End rant .
I believe that the YouOS project is one of the first ( or at least most popular at this moment ) to attempt to tackle this problem head on , and I wish them luck .
I have n't seen their code to know how it works , but their site looks impressive .
It remains to be seen whether or not higher - level development will take place on this platform beyond the widgets I have seen so far .
If they get OpenOffice running , I am there .
:)
We are in a mature industry , and people often forget that the " Next Big Thing " does n't occur nearly as quickly as the " Last Big Thing " in such an environment .
At this point the players are pretty well established in the computer industry , and the costs associated with the current structure are both well - known and accounted for .
While web applications are being pursued for most in - house development nowadays ( replacing buggy VB applications with buggy ASP. net replacements ) there is no push to also replace standbys like Word and Outlook with web - based alternatives .
The current versions work and we already paid for them .
Plus we have a help desk that knows them .
Plus we paid for training in them .
Plus we have Active Directory and group policy already set for them .
Plus the CIO wants more money in his budget to spend , not less .
And so on .
While this is n't necessarily something that will hold back web application development , it certainly removes some of the exigency for going in that direction .
Web application supporters often say that less sophisticated users " like my grandmother " only use a PC for limited tasks , such as email or balancing a checkbook .
Naturally , these users would flock to a cheap thin - clientesque computer running web - based applications since they are cheaper and would allow them to do everything they need .
This argument is problematic because of a simple misunderstanding about human nature : People never want to feel that they are getting ripped off .
There is a reason Starbucks charges $ 3.25 for a 16 oz drink and only $ 4.25 for the 32oz .
People will pay a little bit more just to make sure that they get better value for the money .
This is exactly the situation the thin - client finds itself in .
If they are even available , the cost is only a shade below that of a full - fledged PC that comes without any of the limitations .
And this is a big if .
Most thin - client computers are only sold to corporate customers that have the ability to centralize a huge number of functionally identical machines , and even this is relatively rare .
For the most part , people will keep buying the best PC they can afford when upgrade time comes around , and that will be more than capable of running mainstream desktop applications .
Web applications have come a long way and are often genuine works of art .
A lot of ingenuity was required in taking a platform meant to merely view static documents online and turning it into a mostly fully - functioning operating system .
That being said , we as developers must be careful not to get too far ahead of ourselves in extrapolating this growth curve .
If we want this work to result in a real desktop replacement platform , we will need the discipline to overcome the issues listed above .
Til next time .
