It ’s no secret that Clash of Clans is everyone ’s favorite online multiplayer strategy game .
Worldwide players love it for the endless sea of gameplay possibilities it offers them .
However , it ’s only normal that they always demand more new features , especially seeing that it ’s an online game , so the opportunities for it to grow are endless .
And now , the update everyone has been asking for seems to finally be coming .
We ’re talking about the Shipwreck update , of course .
The update is desired by gamers because it allows them to do an unprecedented thing : manage multiple villages at the same time .
This has n’t been possible in the game so far , and many people wanted it , so Supercell is finally bringing it out !
The coveted update has already received its second teaser so far , which shows our favorite gang of three wanting to make new friends ( Skeleton friends ) once they reach the new , unexplored shore .
You can watch the video below .
And now , Supercell has also announced a date for the big update , and it seems like it will happen sometime between May 16 and 18 .
That ’s really soon , but can they make it ?
Keep reading to find out .
Shipwreck Update Sticking to Date
Fortunately , a moderator for Supercell has given an official statement and assured everyone that the update will be coming in the announced time frame , namely sometime between the 16th and 18th of May .
That ’s really great news !
Players were beginning to doubt that the update will meet the set launch date due to rumors that developers were encountering bumps in the road to finishing up all the features that will come with it .
It feels good to know that those were just rumors .
What about you ?
Are you excited for the Shipwreck update ?
Let us know in the comment section below .
Wild orangutans have been spotted using naturally occurring anti-inflammatory drugs .
Four individuals have been seen rubbing a soothing balm onto their limbs , the first known examples of orangutans self medicating .
Great apes have never before been seen using drugs in this way .
Remarkably though , local people use the same balm , administering it in a similar way to treat aches and pains .
Primatologist Helen Morrogh - Bernard , of the University of Cambridge , UK , made the discovery while studying Bornean orangutans ( Pongo pygmaeus ) in the Sabangau Peat Swamp Forest in Central Kalimantan , Indonesia .
In 2005 , she witnessed an adult female pick a handful of leaves from a plant and then chew them , mixing the leaves with her saliva to produce a green - white lather .
The female then scooped up some of the lather with her right hand and applied it up and down the back of her left arm , from the base of the shoulder to the wrist , just as a person would apply sunscreen .
Advertisement
“ She was concentrating on her arm only and was methodical in the way she was applying the soapy foam , ” says Morrogh - Bernard .
“ I knew this must be some form of self - medication . ”
After using the leaves , the orangutan dropped them , allowing Morrogh - Bernard and her assistant to find out what they were .
The leaves belong to a genus called Commelina , a group of plants that orangutans do not eat as part of their normal diet .
However , local indigenous people know the plant well , grinding it into a balm and applying it to their skin to treat muscular pain , sore bones and swellings .
Chimpanzees and gorillas are thought to self medicate , mainly by swallowing rough leaves or chewed plant pith to help flush out intestinal parasites .
A few monkey species and one species of lemur are known to rub concoctions , such as tobacco , onion or garlic onto their fur to repel insects or parasites .
But wild great apes have never before been seen rubbing ointments onto their fur .
Morrogh - Bernard , who has since seen three other orangutans using the plant in the same way , says the finding “ links apes and humans directly ” .
The apes may not have learnt how to apply the anti-inflammatory ointment from local people , she says , but perhaps ancestors of the indigenous population learnt about the drug from the apes .
Journal Reference : International Journal of Primatology ( DOI:10.1007/s10764-008-9266-5 )
San Francisco ( TGW ) –
The unnamed owner of Tesla # 6 crashed his $ 98,000 car last Friday , it has been revealed .
The Tesla ended up between a Mercedes and a Toyota Camry , according to pictures taken by eyewitness Alex Volkov .
It was originally believed a Tesla engineer caused the accident , not according to Darryl Siry , Tesla ’s Vice President of Marketing : “ It was a Tesla customer who got into that accident .
We 're aware of it because we service our vehicles . ”
Volkov said in an interview that those who were around at the time of the accident told police officers that the Tesla was silent , unnoticed , and small .
However , Volkov noted , the front car ’s “ sudden stop ignited it [ the accident ] ” .
As well , the Tesla driver was trying to “ go bumper to bumper between the cars . ”
“ The rear - ending caused [ the Tesla driver ] to go under the car in front of him -- my guess is that 's why the airbags did n't deploy , ” said Siry .
Via :: Hey ! :: EVcast :: Wired
Photos via Alex Volkov
It ’s Friday afternoon , it ’s Summer and you ’re itching to get home .
We know , we know ; it can be hard to keep focused .
Since you ’re spending your time this afternoon on BGR instead of working – as well you should – we figured we ’d give you a nice little tidbit to take home with you this weekend .
As if a sweet Nokia N78 NAM giveaway is n’t enough !
How about a little something from one of our Apple ninjas ?
Would that do the trick ?
We just received unconfirmed word that Apple is going to be shaking things up a bit when it comes to iPhone 3G distribution here in the US .
By shake up , we mean that Apple has supposedly secured deals with both Best Buy and Radio Shack to sell the iPhone 3G in their stores .
Best Buy already offers other Apple products so this would hardly be a stretch .
Again , this is definitely still tagged with “ rumor status ” but it comes from a ninja who has definitely done well for us in the past .
No word if this will start from the July 11th launch date , or possible be a couple weeks / months out .
Unlike you , our ninja can now go home and start enjoying his weekend a bit early .
Zach Epstein has worked in and around ICT for more than 15 years , first in marketing and business development with two private telcos , then as a writer and editor covering business news , consumer electronics and telecommunications .
Zach ’s work has been quoted by countless top news publications in the US and around the world .
He was also recently named one of the world 's top - 10 “ power mobile influencers ” by Forbes , as well as one of Inc.
Magazine 's top - 30 Internet of Things experts .
California Governator and ( soon - to - be ) Tesla Roadster owner , Arnold Schwarzenegger , addressed the seething throngs of media types at Tesla 's San Carlos , California facility .
The topics of conversation centered on new incentives for Tesla to continue its production of vehicles in the Golden State , specifically the start - up 's second vehicle , codenamed the Model S , which according to Tesla , get 225 miles on a single charge and cost $ 60,000 .
Tesla did not officially announce when the new model would go on sale , nor would it say where in California the " multi-use sport sedan " would be produced .
The incentive for Tesla to remain in California , rather than move production of the sedan to New Mexico ( discussed last year ) , is part of the CAEATFA program that was approved last Wednesday .
The initiative exempts automakers from paying sales and use tax when they purchase manufacturing equipment to build electric vehicles .
That 's expected to save automakers – and Tesla specifically – millions of dollars when the company invests in building a new plant in California .
A Schwarzenegger press conference would n't be complete without a lame quote from his erstwhile movie career , and the Governor did n't let us down , saying that he was disappointed by the initial announcement that Tesla was considering a manufacturing center in New Mexico , but that " They 'll be back . "
And they are .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
They own or guarantee $ 5 trillion worth of mortgages � - nearly half of all the country 's outstanding home loan debt - and they 're crashing .
But not everybody is convinced they should be .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are struggling with an investor loss of confidence so great that , while they 're unlikely to go under , they could conceivably see their ability to function impaired .
That would wreak yet more havoc on an already wrecked housing market - making loans tougher to come by and possibly pushing hundreds of billions of dollars in cost onto U.S. taxpayers .
The extent of their troubles is in debate .
Several analysts and a former Federal Reserve governor have said the two companies desperately need to raise money to continue their business of buying and guaranteeing home mortgages .
Others , including Fannie and Freddie , their regulators , some Wall Street analysts , and Sen. Christopher Dodd , D - Conn. , the chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , have defended the strength of the two companies .
" What 's important are facts - and the facts are that Fannie and Freddie are in sound situation , " Dodd said on CNN's Late Edition on Sunday .
" They have more than adequate capital .
They 're in good shape .
The chairman of the Federal Reserve has said as much .
The Secretary of the Treasury has said as much . "
The Treasury Dept. and the Federal Reserve on Sunday outlined plans that would provide capital to Fannie and Freddie if it were needed .
Still , inherent problems
How could the companies end up in such awful straits ?
Given the way they were created and run , a better question might be : how could they not ?
The two companies are so - called government - sponsored enterprises , created by Congress in 1938 ( Fannie ) and 1970 ( Freddie ) to help more Americans buy houses .
Their mandate is to maintain a market for mortgages - buying loans from banks , repackaging them as bonds , and selling those securities to investors with a guarantee that they will be paid .
This makes lending more tempting for banks because Fannie and Freddie take on risks like missed payments , defaults and swings in interest rates .
But the companies are also publicly traded , with the usual mandate of trying to maximize profits for shareholders .
That effort , of course , involves risk , but as quasi - government programs , they 've long carried an implicit guarantee that the feds would n't let them fail .
Their hybrid nature created both the opportunity and the temptation for the enterprises to take on more risk and to make themselves ever larger , more important and thus more profitable players in the mortgage market .
Very special treatment
The market and ratings agencies have treated Fannie and Freddie as bulletproof , even though the actual business of dealing with interest sensitive loans is very risky .
This is in large part because of the very special perks granted to the mortgage giants , but to no one else .
Each may borrow up to $ 2.25 billion direct from the Treasury .
They are exempt from state and local income taxes and from Securities and Exchange Commission registration requirements and fees .
And they can use the Federal Reserve as their bank .
One result of all this special treatment was AAA credit ratings .
That means Fannie and Freddie could borrow at super - low rates , a benefit they used to purchase - and hold - high - yielding mortgage loans .
The spread between the two provided an irresistible earnings stream and the companies just kept getting bigger .
The mortgages they hold on their books alone total about $ 1.4 trillion , said Mike Stathis , managing Principal of Apex Venture Advisors , a research and advisory firm .
In the meantime , the companies were allowed to operate in this manner , piling on risk after risk , with virtually no capital cushion ( Wall Street speak for the rainy - day piggybank financial companies keep should one of their investments blow up . )
As the company 's loan portfolio loses value and the mortgage market continues to crumble , it 's easy to see why this was a fatal misstep .
Some saw the crisis coming before this week .
For example , Alan Greenspan famously warned in 2004 that Fannie and Freddie 's rapid growth needed to be curbed because their expansion threatened the financial markets .
Still , the cocktail of high credit ratings , domination of the mortgage securities market , and preferential government treatment led to the sort of shenanigans that go hand in hand with excessive privilege .
Fannie overstated its earnings by $ 10.6 billion from 1998 through 2004 , and its chief executive Franklin Raines lost his job .
Freddie Mac had understated its profit by nearly $ 5 billion from 2000 through 2002 .
Both companies missed earnings filings while they overhauled their books .
" If Fannie and Freddie had been created in the private sector , they would n't look like this , " says Christopher Whalen , head of research firm Institutional Risk Analytics .
" They have a public sector mission to expand housing and run what is essentially an insurance company .
But they also have a conduit to securitize and sell loans , which is what broker - dealers like Lehman do ; and they have an interest arbitrage piece ( making money on the spread between interest rates ) that looks like a hedge fund . "
Robert Rodriguez , the founder of First Pacific Advisors , has n't bought Fannie for Freddie bonds for over two years .
" With the recent issuance of their financials , we were still uncomfortable with their leverage , " Rodriguez says .
" We believed there was considerable balance sheet risk in both of these companies .
Now the dwindling pool of mortgages , higher foreclosure risk , and a shaky interest rate environment have the companies on the ropes ; and investors are beginning to lose faith in Fannie and Freddie .
Both firms told Fortune that they have enough capital to weather the storm and continue to support the nation 's housing market .
And yet , Fannie has fallen 32 % this week and 65 % since the beginning of the year .
Freddie plunged 47 % so far this week and is down 75 % since January .
Investors have lost faith that the companies can operate in their current incarnation without running into major problems .
If investors abandon these companies , what do we learn from this odd Frankenstein of a business model ?
" Nobody ever believed that Fannie and Freddie were truly private and they never should have been , " says Whalen .
" Now we will all have to pay for a company that has gone astray . "
Adaptable Technology Solutions
We ’ll provide you with exactly what you need to meet your business objectives .
When those objectives change , we ’ll transition your account seamlessly to match your new hosting requirements .
Our innovative methods are backed up by our proven ability to help entrepreneurs and businesses acquire the server technology that they need .
Our Data Centers
Our data centers are located in Los Angeles , Denver & Singapore .
All of them feature the highest level of safety , security , redundancy , reliability and scalability , coupled with the support of our expert Network Engineers .
Our sophisticated facilities and infrastructure make us capable of handling the most demanding enterprise hosting requirements .
Intellectual property legislation introduced in the Senate on Thursday would combine elements of two controversial IP enforcement bills :
The PRO - IP Act , which passed the House by a wide margin in May , and the PIRATE Act , which has won Senate approval several times since its first introduction in 2004 .
The law would increase penalties for counterfeiting , empower federal prosecutors to bring civil suits against copyright infringers , create a federal copyright czar to coordinate IP enforcement , and provide for the seizure of property used to violate copyrights and trademarks .
Like PRO - IP , the Enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights
Act of 2008 would double statutory damages for counterfeiting , with damages as high as $ 2 million for " willful " trademark violations .
It also empowers the president to appoint an Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator ( or " copyright czar " ) , who would develop a " joint strategic plan " meant to harmonize the IP enforcement efforts of diverse federal agencies , including the Department of Justice , Patent Office , State Department , and Department of Homeland Security .
The Attorney General is directed to deploy five further IPECs as liaisons to foreign countries where piracy is rampant , and to establish a dedicated IP task force within the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
The law also appropriates $ 25 million annually for grants to state and local government agencies working to crack down on IP violations .
Some of the strongest criticism of PRO - IP has been directed at a provision , replicated here , that would allow for the seizure of " property used , or intended to be used , in any manner or part to commit or facilitate " a copyright or trademark infringement .
While this language is presumably meant to target the equipment used by commercial bootlegging operations , it would also appear to cover , for example , the computer used to BitTorrent a movie or album .
Sen .
Leahy
The new bill also incorporates the idea at the core of the PIRATE Act , by permitting federal prosecutors to bring civil suits against copyright infringers .
( While these suits would not preclude action by the copyright owner , any restitution to the owner under a government suit would be subtracted from the damages that could be obtained by private action . )
Since 1997 , prosecutors have had the authority to bring criminal copyright charges against large - scale infringers .
But that power remains little - used , in part because of the high evidentiary burden prosecutors must meet in criminal cases ; civil suits employ a less stringent " preponderance of the evidence " standard .
Sen. Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) , the primary sponsor of the legislation touted the bill at a Thursday press conference as a means " not only to protect jobs , but to protect that very unique American sense of inventiveness and creativity . "
( No word on whether Leahy has ever watched the YouTube clip of his own face - off with Heath Ledger 's Joker in The Dark Knight . )
" If hundreds of our cargo ships were being hijacked on the high seas or thousands of our business people were being held up at gunpoint in a foreign land , there would be a great sense of alarm and unshakable government resolve to act , " said Sen .
Evan Bayh ( D - IN ) , a cosponsor of the bill .
" That , in effect , is what is happening today , yet we are not doing nearly enough to stop it . ”
Big Content greeted the bill with predictable cheers .
The Motion Picture Association of America and Business Software Alliance both rapidly issued statements lauding the legislation as a guarantor of job growth .
Less sanguine was Gigi Sohn of Public Knowledge , who criticized the bill 's broad forfeiture provision and argued that the PIRATE provisions " would turn the Justice Department into an arm of the legal departments of the entertainment companies by authorizing the DoJ to file civil lawsuits for infringement , forcing taxpayers to foot the bill . "
While the enthusiasm in both houses for similar legislation would appear to favor the bill 's passage , most observers doubt that Congress will be able to move on the law before the beginning of summer recess .
It is summertime , and that is the second time of the year when the word “ dieting ” becomes a huge topic .
The first is New Years and wanting to start off on a new page .
There are so many diets out there that it can be tough to choose the right one .
If you were to ask ten different people which diet they would recommend , you would get ten different answers .
It is no wonder so many people get overwhelmed and throw in the towel .
Most diets are done by people who are looking to lose weight .
There are definitely diets out there for those looking to add weight and bulk up , but the vast majority of people looking to diet are doing so because they want to get rid of some pounds .
It is not hard to find someone who is dieting and following some very specific diet plan .
One downfall of people looking to diet is that they sort of just pick on and run with it .
Most people will need do to more research than that to find the right diet for them .
Just because your friend or coworker or even your family member had success with their diet choice , that does not automatically mean that you will see the same success .
The basic rule of calories in versus calories out still does apply but each diet program has its own unique spin on this concept .
It is true that we all are different and our bodies have their own specific needs .
Diets try to tap into that to make sure people get the results they are looking for .
Take a walk around any book store or do a quick internet search on dieting .
The amount of information out there is amazing .
The low carb diet has been the latest craze and has a very simple idea : limit the amount of carbs that are taken in each day .
There are also diets that restrict a certain food group or a specific ingredient .
Gluten allergies and intolerances have been on the rise and there are people who follow a specific diet plan to get around that .
For people who are short on time or who may not like to prepare their own meals , there are diet plans that have this covered .
The meals for the day are already prepared and ready to be cooked .
These meals are shipped directly to your home and all you need to do is cook them .
All of the prep work is done for you .
Nutrisystem is one company that does this well .
For as little as eleven dollars a day , meals specific to your dietary needs will be sent right to your front door .
Even when we compare Nutrisystem to Jenny Craig or Weight Watchers , Nutrisystem comes as the most the best option .
Dieting is not a new concept but what is new is all the different ways a person can diet .
A person can easily get lost in the world of diets if they do not do their research first .
Anyone can diet but for the person who takes the time to know themselves and understand their final goal , dieting success is possible .…
HRW recently highlighted the troubling case of Nour Miyati from Indonesia The New York - based organisation Human Rights Watch has called on Saudi Arabia to do more to protect Asian domestic workers from mistreatment .
It says some cases amount to slavery , with employers going unpunished for withholding wages , forced confinement , or physical and sexual violence .
HRW says some workers are imprisoned or lashed on spurious charges such as theft , adultery or witchcraft .
Thousands take shelter with the Social Affairs ministry or foreign embassies .
In the worst cases , migrant women in Saudi Arabia are treated like virtual slaves
HRW researcher Nisha Varia
A spokeswoman for Saudi Arabia 's National Society for Human Rights said the report was unfair and one - sided .
Saudi households employ an estimated 1.5 million domestic workers , mainly from Indonesia , Sri Lanka , the Philippines and Nepal , as well as other Asian countries and parts of Africa .
The report , entitled As If I Am Not Human : Abuses against Asian Domestic Workers in Saudi Arabia , says efforts to reform laws and improve conditions have fallen far short of protecting domestic workers .
" In the best cases , migrant women in Saudi Arabia enjoy good working conditions and kind employers , and in the worst they 're treated like virtual slaves .
Most fall somewhere in between , " said senior researcher Nisha Varia .
She called on the Saudi government to extend labour law protections to domestic workers and reform the visa regulations .
Severe abuse
Under the current sponsorship system , foreigners must obtain their visas through an employer , who frequently takes possession of the passport .
Employees therefore cannot move jobs , leave the country or complain about their employers ' behaviour .
Human Rights
Watch recently campaigned on behalf of an Indonesian maid whose employers had charges against them dropped after severely abusing her .
Nour Miyati , 25 , contracted gangrene after allegedly being tied up for a month and left without food in 2005 .
She had to have several fingers and toes amputated .
Human Rights
Watch said the ruling " sends a dangerous message to Saudi employers that they can beat domestic workers with impunity and that victims have little hope of justice " .
Rights organisations say many foreign domestic maids in Saudi Arabia work in harsh circumstances and often suffer abuse by their employers .
The Saudi Labour Ministry has acknowledged some problems , but the government also says foreign workers ' rights are protected under Islamic law .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Now that Belgian brewer InBev has agreed to buy Anheuser - Busch ( BUD ) , it will soon be stuck with a whole lot of debt .
So what will a savvy company like InBev do ?
Have a fire sale for all the low - growth components of BUD .
The likely candidates for sale are :
the theme - park division ( good riddance )
the beer - can recycling / manufacturing divisions
Bloomberg reports that InBev could get $ 2.9 billion for the theme parks and $ 1.7 billion for divisions that recycle beer containers and make cans and bottles .
The theme park division , which includes Busch Gardens and Sea World , was rumored to be for sale as part of the restructuring plan BUD had announced prior to the merger to stave off InBev .
Amid the PR blitz , ( former ) BUD CEO Augustus Busch IV denied the rumors , but these moves by InBev are not unexpected and make sense .
See Also :
Full BUD - InBev Coverage and Analysis
InBev's Brito : Do n't Worry About Anheuser - Busch ( BUD ) Firings --
We 're Taking Budweiser Global ( BUD )
Life After Anheuser - Busch ( BUD ) : Shareholders Win , Consumers Lose ( BUD )
Anheuser - Busch ( BUD ) Agrees to $ 70 / Share Deal and Terrible Name ( BUD )
To celebrate the 18th anniversary of the launch of Hubble , the Space Telescope Science Institute released 59 images of galaxies colliding .
Rather than the staid and immutable image that galaxies have had in textbooks these images paint a remarkable picture of whirling , colliding , flirtatious galaxies that are crashing into each other or cozying up to produce new mega galaxies .
Although only one in a million of the galaxies closest to us are interacting , galaxies much further away ( the light we are getting from them is billions of years old ) are caught " in the act " more often .
This is because there were more galactic collisions in the early universe , so looking farther away ( which is also farther into the past ) will increase your chances of seeing galaxies collide .
There is also a – video that shows what might happen when our galaxy runs into our nearest galactic neighbor , Andromeda and runs through the stages that the the images represent .
The video release shows how of the 59 different images released today , some are galaxies about to collide , some are after their first collision and some are after they have already collided with each other once and are swinging around about to hit a second time .
Some are in the same plane , some are at a 90 degree angle to each other .
Since there are so many , we are able to piece together a time line of how these collisions ( which can take place over a billion years ) play out .
The Hubble is scheduled to be serviced by a Space Shuttle mission this August and is expected to keep producing its famous deep space images through 2013 when its replacement the James Webb Space Telescope ( JWST ) is to launch .
As wikipedia puts it :
The JWST will be far superior to Hubble for many astronomical research programs , but will only observe in infrared , so it will not replace Hubble 's ability to observe in the visible and ultraviolet parts of the spectrum .
You can read more about the planned servicing mission here .
Image collection [ HubbleSite ]
Video : Hubble Gives Glimpse of Milky Ways Future [ HubbleSite ]
See Also :
Photo montage courtesy of NASA , ESA , the Hubble Heritage ( STScI / AURA ) - ESA / Hubble Collaboration , and A. Evans ( University of Virginia , Charlottesville / NRAO / Stony Brook University )
Harry Reid and Debbie Stabenow Democrats want to remind the business advocates that they should stop playing by the old rules .
Dem leaders pressure CEOs to buck GOP
The Senate Democratic leadership summoned the chiefs of 17 major trade associations to the Capitol on Wednesday to send a subtle but unmistakable message :
If you want our help on your issues , stop helping the Republicans block our bills .
Sen. Debbie Stabenow ( D - Mich . ) , who managed the meeting for the leadership , called in the CEOs of the city ’s most powerful trade associations to circumvent what Democrats consider their more partisan lobbyists — many of whom are Republicans with long - standing ties to the power structure that got toppled in 2006 .
Advertisement
Democrats wanted “ to get beyond the folks who see through a partisan lens every day , ” Stabenow said .
On the surface , the meeting had a cordial , even cheerful , tone , according to participants .
There were professions of appreciation for the times when the business groups have supported Democratic ideas and promises to work together cooperatively whenever possible .
But the concerns driving the meeting were obvious : Democrats wanted to remind the business advocates that there is a new sheriff in town and that they should stop playing by the old rules .
In e-mail to Politico last week , Jim Manley , whose boss , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , attended the meeting , explained Democrats ’ concerns this way : “ When a business organization is using its muscle to help efforts by congressional Republicans to obstruct passage of a bill that helps the organization ’s members , that needs to change . ”
Stabenow said : “ If we are going to be leading the charge on behalf of the people they represent , then I think we have a right to reasonably expect that they ’re going to help us achieve what they want to achieve , even if it means in opposition to the president or in opposition to the Republican leadership . ”
Muscle - flexing is not unusual on Capitol , nor is the occasional brushback pitch .
Still , participants described this session as unusual .
This was partly due to the air of speculation that preceded the meeting , with association heads asking themselves just what was behind the invitation .
It was also due to what some perceived as a deliberate , self - conscious tone to the remarks by Democratic senators .
If it was a step - in - line message Democrats were hoping to send , they were treading on sensitive terrain .
After taking control of Congress in the 1990s , Republicans hauled corporate leaders into meetings , first to tell them to help with legislation and later to pressure them to fire Democrats and hire Republicans for top jobs .
The effort , known as the K Street Project , led to PR troubles , ethics flaps and a string of criminal cases involving Jack Abramoff .
Democrats dismiss the comparison — they say they are n’t strong - arming anyone into hiring Democrats — and , in truth , both parties have been aggressive on this front for years .
In recent months , Democratic staffers have met with trade association lobbyists to press the same message the senators delivered to the CEOs on Wednesday .
Democratic senators have also been firing shots at K Street in the press .
But , as Stabenow said , Wednesday ’s gathering was the first face - to - face meeting between senators and so many CEOs together in one place .
Because of the high - power personalities involved , it took six to eight weeks to put together the meeting .
A Democratic lobbyist who attended the meeting said that some of the trade association leaders feared they were going to be taken to the woodshed , particularly after seeing a June story in Roll Call that said Reid had lost patience with the business community .
A Democratic aide who helped organize the meeting said the groups worried that Reid would “ yell ” at them about hiring more Democrats .
“ ‘ No , we do n’t have a reverse K Street Project , ’ ” he said he replied repeatedly .
On the way into the meeting , T. Timothy Ryan Jr. , the president and CEO of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association , asked a Democratic aide , “ What are we doing here ? ”
Also attending the hour - long meeting in the Capitol ’s Mansfield Room were leaders from the National Federation of Independent Businesses , the Biotechnology Industry Organization , the American Bankers Association , the National Association of Manufacturers , America ’s Health Insurance Plans , the National Cable & Telecommunications Association , the Real Estate Roundtable , the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants , the Private Equity Council , the Business Roundtable , the National Beer Wholesalers Association , the Independent Community Bankers of America , the Mortgage Bankers Association , the Associated General Contractors of America , the Financial Services Roundtable and TechNet .
One of the business leaders said that Reid and Stabenow were explicit in expressing the importance of dialogue with the business community .
He said the Democrats then let their guests do most of the talking .
“ People left the meeting with a very positive sense that the Democrats are interested in engaging with the business community in a more broad - minded way than has been in the past , ” he said .
The Democrats delivered their message through compliments rather than direct threats .
A Democratic aide who attended the meeting said the senators “ were thanking people for having broken [ from Republicans ] on certain things . ”
The biotech lobby was thanked for its help with tax extenders and stem cells .
PhRMA , which did n’t make the meeting because its leader was ill , was called out for its help with the Medicare push .
“ We talked a lot about the tax extenders , and we asked for their help .
We were only one vote short of being able to stop the filibuster , and some people in the room can help with that , ” Stabenow said .
The Democratic aide said that Reid ’s “ general tone was , and his general comments were , ‘ We want to take every opportunity we can to work together , and that ’s the purpose of calling the meeting . ’”
“ I thought it was extraordinarily positive , ” said an association executive with Republican ties .
“ I think there was not one bit of tension in that room .
If there was , I did n’t detect it . ”
NFIB President Todd Stottlemyer echoed those sentiments .
“ I thought it was a very constructive conversation , ” he said .
“ They did a lot of listening , and I think that ’s terrific , to really sit back and actively listen .
This was a real nice opportunity to ... talk about the things that are on the mind of small business . ”
Ryan Loskarn , a spokesman for the Senate Republican Conference , said he is n’t worried that the GOP ’s business base might be going wobbly .
“ They ’ll certainly still meet with us , ” he said .
“ The business groups and associations , they will meet with whomever is in the majority , and they clearly understand who ’s in the majority . ”
Lisa Lerer and Chris Frates contributed to this story .
Dear ACLU Supporter ,
Here they go again .
On Monday , Bush ’s Attorney General , Michael Mukasey , called on Congress to take dramatic steps to subvert the Constitution .
Mukasey is demanding that Congress issue a new declaration of war that would make the entire globe -- including the United States itself -- a “ battlefield ” where the president decides who will be locked up forever .
Instead of ending the Bush system of injustice , he wants Congress to make it permanent .
Tell Congress to reject the Bush / Mukasey plan to subvert the Constitution .
Not only has Bush ’s Attorney General called on Congress to issue a new declaration of war , but he is also asking Congress to :
1 . Gut habeas corpus -- the freedom that protects people from being thrown in prison illegally -- with no help , no end in sight and no due process .
2. Cover up the Bush administration ’s systemic torture and abuse of detainees .
Judges would not be allowed to see evidence of torture and abuse and would instead simply have to trust that a president is holding the right people as ” enemy combatants . ”
With only five weeks left in the congressional schedule and only six months left in the Bush presidency , Mukasey ’s power grab should be laughed out of town .
But , given this Congress ’ track record , the Mukasey proposal is no laughing matter .
Tell Congress to reject the Bush / Mukasey plan to subvert the Constitution .
Too many times , we ’ve seen Congress cave in to the most outrageous Bush demands for out - of - control powers : The Patriot Act. National Security Letters .
The Military Commissions Act. The Protect America Act .
And , most recently , the congressional sell - out on FISA .
Four times the Supreme Court has rejected the Bush administration ’s efforts to design a war on terror system of injustice that defies the Constitution and mocks the rule of law .
In the past , the administration has responded , not by respecting the Constitution , but by counting on Congress to legitimize its indefensible conduct .
There is no way we can let that happen this time .
Even as the House Judiciary Committee investigates whether high - level Bush White House officials may have committed crimes of torture and abuse , the Bush administration has the arrogance to ask Congress to give it the power to detain people without trial and hide torture and abuse from the courts .
Tell Congress to reject the Bush / Mukasey plan to subvert the Constitution .
We ca n’t take for granted that Congress will reject the Bush / Mukasey plan .
We have to meet this outrageous proposal with an immediate wall of protest that says to Congress : “ Do n’t you dare . ”
The Original Ruby Job Board Over 5,000 + Jobs Since 2005
POST A JOB
FIND A DEVELOPER
5 Crispin Glover on Letterman
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
: July 28 , 1987 : The first symptom is the wig .
We 're not sure what George McFly 's hair looked like prior to this interview , but we 're pretty certain it did n't look like that .
Then there 's the clothing .
He 's dressed in striped pants , a heinous purple shirt and a pair of black platform shoes that do n't appear to fit him .
Keep in mind that this is ' 87 , not the early ' 70s .
If you 're wearing what Crispin Glover is wearing during this interview , then you 've clearly been high long enough to have gone shoe shopping while fucked up .
As far as behavioral symptoms , we 're not really sure how to describe what Glover is doing here .
At first he seems to be terrified of Dave and the audience , but then he challenges Letterman to an arm wrestling match and tries to jump - kick him in the head . : Difficult to tell .
At first it seems like a classic acid freak - out .
He is looking at Dave like he has three heads and the audience like they 're a big tangled lizard orgy .
But then he starts getting physically aggressive .
Our theory : a second drug along the lines of PCP , taken right before he went out , kicked in halfway through the interview .
Madison , WI July 28 , 2008 -- As atmospheric CO2 levels rise , methods to mitigate these increases are becoming very important .
Three studies published in the July - August 2008 issue of Soil Science Society of America Journal explore the potential roles of soils as a C sink in different regions in the Western Hemisphere .
Scientists from Alberta Agriculture and Rural Development ( Canada ) , the National Institute of Agricultural Technology , the University of Buenos Aires ( Argentina ) , and University of California , Davis ( USA ) have investigated soil C balance in distinct agroecosystems under different management practices including soil tillage , N fertilization , elimination of fallow , and establishment of grass .
In each case , C sequestration occurred in response to higher C input to soil ; however , increase in SOC was confined to labile fractions such as the light fraction and larger soil aggregates .
Investigation : Canada
In southeastern Alberta , a long - term study showed previously that eliminating summer fallow or establishing grass significantly increased soil organic C after 6 yr .
In the 12th year of the study , total organic C and light fraction C were determined in three rotations with summer fallow , two continuously cropped rotations and grass .
All rotations had subtreatments with different levels of fertilization .
The light fraction of soil C was obtained using density separation and consisted mostly of non-decomposed root and straw fragments .
Although soil organic C was increased by elimination of summer fallow , fertilization , and establishment of grass , gains in soil organic C between Years 6 and 12 were negligible in all treatments except the fertilized grass treatment .
Most of the gains in total soil organic C were due to increased light fraction C .
The results indicate that much of the gain in soil organic C in response to improved practices on semiarid prairie soils likely occurs within one decade .
The full article is available for no charge for 30 days following the date of this summary .
View the abstract at : http://soil.scijournals.org/cgi/content/abstract/72/4/970
Investigation : Argentina
In the semiarid portion of the Pampas , scientist compared no -till management to a conventional tillage system ( disk - tillage ) .
Emissions of CO2 - C from the soil and crop C inputs were determined , estimating soil C balance under both tillage systems .
As a part of this study , a field experiment was performed during 6 yr on an Entic Haplustoll where no -till and disk - tillage was applied to a soil cropped under a common rotation in the region ( oat + hairy vetch , corn , wheat , oat ) .
From Year 3 to 6 in situ CO2 - C fluxes were measured and C inputs from above and below ground plant residues were estimated .
Results showed that in the semiarid environment of the study C sequestration occurred under no -till .
The sequestration process was attributed to the effect of tillage systems on crop productivity rather than on the mineralization intensity of soil organic pools .
The full article is available for no charge for 30 days following the date of this summary .
View the abstract at : http://soil.scijournals.org/cgi/content/abstract/72/4/1140
Investigation : United States
In Kentucky ( USA ) a study was conducted in a corn agroecosystem experiment to test the soil C saturation concept which postulates that there is an upper limit to the equilibrium soil C level of mineral soils even when soil C input is increased .
In this experiment , a gradient of soil C input was produced with four N fertilizer application rates under two tillage systems , no -till and moldboard plowing .
To investigate if physical protection of organic C leads to soil C saturation , C stabilization in soil fractions that differ in C stabilization potential was determined , and the relationship between soil C input and soil organic C was analyzed .
Total soil organic C was positively related to C input , and this was primarily due to C stabilization in larger soil aggregates .
In both tillage systems , however , C in the two smallest soil size fractions did not increase with greater C input .
Moreover , in three soil fractions further separated from larger soil aggregates , C associated with particulate organic matter and microaggregates increased with C input , but there was no increase in C associated with silt - plus - clay , which was the smallest soil size fraction .
Haegeun Chung at University of California , Davis , the first author of the study conducted in Kentucky ( USA ) , stated " Our results indicate that soil fractions with low C stabilization potential show C saturation .
Therefore , we need to consider soil C saturation levels to better predict the change in C sink capacity and fertility of soils when soil C input increases under higher plant production or organic amendment . "
The full article is available for no charge for 30 days following the date of this summary .
View the abstract at http://soil.scijournals.org/cgi/content/abstract/72/4/1132.
Source : Soil Science Society of America
10 Traffic Boosting Social Bookmarking Sites Part 2
Today we continue with part two of our series “ 10 Traffic boosting social bookmarking sites ” /
If you have not read part one you should check it out now and take note of the first 5 social bookmarking sites we have mentioned .
Today we will go over 5 more extremely important and useful social bookmarking sites that can benefit your business !
Top Social Bookmarking Sites 1 -
5
6. Del.icio.us
Del.icio.us is another top 5 k website that allows users to bookmark items and then organize those bookmarks via categories .
All bookmarks are tagged for better organization and since everything is tagged you can find cool new stuff on the web through their website .
7. Kaboodle
Kaboodle is a top 500 site that specializes in sharing information about shopping , products and store .
It ’s the shoppers dream come true site and it could be especially useful for any business looking to promote their products .
8. Slashdot
Slash dot is the premier social bookmarking site for “ geeks and nerds ” , featuring topics such as Apple , Games , hardware , Science , Politics , Linux and more .
If your business revolves around any topic such as this then Slashdot is the social bookmarking site for you !
9. Newsvine
Newsvine is a hot social bookmarking news site that allows you to register to add a news story , comment or write a column .
Their Open source , community news service even allows members customize the news viewed .
10 . Blinklist
Blinklist puts an end to forgetting websites you wanted to return too by allowing you to blink the websites so you can return later .
You can also make public or private lists of sites which people can view , or you can search other peoples blink lists for new and interesting content .
A Final Note
After reading about all these social bookmarking sites you should have a good idea about which ones will best fit your business .
Start registering , modifying your profile and networking on these sites and you will be a few steps closer to traffic gold !
Check out our custom printing options .
Before the G - 8 Summit Merkel Warns Food Crisis Could ' Destabilize Nations '
The G - 8 summit in Japan , which opens Monday , faces a number of alarming problems , and Germany 's chancellor has sent a letter to other leaders of the world 's industrialized nations arguing that the sudden rise in the price of food needs urgent attention .
Church lures teenagers with assault rifle giveaway RAW STORY
Published : Saturday July 12 , 2008
Print This Email This An Oklahoma church canceled plans for a gun giveaway Friday at its annual youth conference , a local news station reported .
The church 's youth pastor , Bob Ross , said the AR - 15 semi-automatic assault rifle was a means of luring young people as far away as Canada , according to Oklahoma City 's KOCO Channel 5 News .
 I dont want people thinking  My goodness , were putting a weapon in the hand of somebody that doesnt respect it who are then going to go out and kill , ' said Ross .
 That s not at all what were trying to do . 
The gun giveaway is a part of the event 's shooting competition .
A gun was given away at last year 's conference and this year , Windsor Hills Baptist used the giveaway in the marketing of the event on its
Web site ( see above picture ) .
The pastor said the cancellation of the giveaway was due to the instructor of the shooting competition -- and a pastor of the church -- having injured his foot and being unable to attend .
The cancellation occurred after coverage of the controversy by local news stations .
A day before this story broke , a 12 - year - old John White was accidentally shot in the head and killed in Oklahoma County by a 14 - year - old friend who had easy access to his grandfather 's loaded weapons , local news stations reported .
" We would still have John with us today if people had taken more care , if they had used gun locks or gun safes , " says Kim Proc , John White 's great aunt .
Proc says officials told them they confiscated at least seven loaded guns from the home where White was that day , all owned by the 14 - year - old 's grandfather , Channel 52 KSBI - TV reported .
John
White 's family is determined to make sure his death impacts the way guns are kept in homes by changing the law .
Blizzard put off a wave of controversy last week after they left the speedy decision to penalize an expert Hearthstone participant called Blitzchung to get a political remark made through an interview after he ’d just won a championship .
Just to quickly recap the narrative , Blitzchung was interviewed on flow after winning a Hearthstone Grandmaster championship when he covered his face with a gas mask and stated “ Liberate Hong Kong , the revolution of the era ! ” .
At the stage , the flow cut to a commercial break as well as the twitch archive of this meeting was later deleted .
Within their official reply into the episode , Blizzard created the following announcement in support of the choice to reverse any prize money won by Blitzchung and instating a 1 - year prohibit from most Hearthstone Grandmaster occasions :
“ While we stand by the right to express human ideas and remarks , players and other participants who elect to take part in our own esports competitions need to abide by the official contest rules . ”
The movement by Blizzard attracted a massive amount of criticism in the gambling community with lots of calling for a boycott of all Blizzard ’s goods , and the people displeasure has reached the stage that US Senators have gone on the album to criticize Blizzard because of their activities .
This episode has such far - reaching governmental and financial consequences that mainstream media outlets like Bloomberg have reported it .
On the other hand , players of Riot Games ’ League of Legends ( learn how to find league of legends accounts for sale online ) stayed focused on their sport with no known political statements .
As for us in Lowyat .
NET , we ’d love to prevent talk of the political consequences of Blizzard ’s activities for today , and take a better look at the consequences that this episode has for its esports scene generally .
The question is : if political announcements are permitted in esports ?
For a lot of , the line is apparent — esports is a subsection of gambling , and matches are an activity that ought to only be partaken in for the sake of having fun .
Thus , politics has no place in gambling or esports .
On the other hand , the truth of the issue is that in practice , there are n’t black and white rules that say that any sort of political announcements is strictly prohibited .
Looking through the rules and regulations of this typical esports tournament , you will usually discover a clause concerning a participant ’s code of behavior when engaging in the championship .
This code of behavior generally says something along the lines of “ the participant should n’t engage in behavior which could be deemed unsuitable or offensive ” — but you will rarely find a principle stating that “ political statements ” are prohibited outright .
As a matter of fact , the principle that Blizzard cites to warrant the punishment against Blitzchung is composed along these very same lines .
It does not establish that political announcements are prohibited , and the principle itself is very much open to interpretation .
ALSO READ : Social Media Effect on Political Views and Influence
Now Blizzard has made its choice and we ’ve observed the response of this gambling community , we can not help but wonder Blitzchung could have obtained the exact same level of punishment when he ’d made a statement concerning another political issue .
Much like conventional sports and some other business that receives major press attention , esports is a stage for fans and players to express themselves , which saying can very well expand beyond their characters and towards their faith and values .
In reality , some may say that all those items are constantly intertwined .
The sports business at large is no stranger to political announcements , for example , NFL players opting to kneel throughout the national anthem , and many lately NBA executives expressing their support for its Hong Kong protestors .
These episodes all receive a lot of media focus , however , the consequences of those political announcements are highly inconsistent .
Many NFL team owners insist that gamers who decide to kneel throughout the national anthem ought to be fined , while some are largely ambivalent towards the players ’ activities so long as they do not influence the participant ’s performances during real games .
Maybe the solution for the problem that the esports business faces are available at the acceptance speech created by the participant that won the name of “ Esports Player of the Year ” at least years Esports Prizes — Dominique “ SonicFox ” Mclean .
After heading up on stage to accept his award , SonicFox created an arguably governmental announcement to shut his approval speech :
“ I am homosexual , black , a furry friend — pretty much everything a Republican hates , and I am the very best esports participant of this year I suspect . ”
The gambling community ’s answer to the announcement was mixed , however , the Esports awards community along with other esports organizations and game publishers failed to condemn SonicFox because of his political statement created live on stage at a second where he had been at the spotlight , symbolizing that the esports sector as a whole .
So for today , so far as players are involved , it is largely a matter of opinion whether political statements must be permitted in esports .
In terms of the corporations involved with esports , it looks like political statements are not an issue unless it happens to be a person which may possibly influence their bottom line .
If you want free online guitar lessons that are fun and exciting , you ’ve come to the right place .
You can learn guitar chords , rock , blues , jazz , harmonics , and much more .
All my lessons were written because they were topics that helped me learn the guitar and have more fun !
It does n’t take as long as you think , but I ’m here to encourage you along the way .
If you have any questions , I am here to help .
Send me a note .
I want you to be the next guitar hero !
Researchers from the University of Tokyo have teamed up with members of the Japan Origami Airplane Association to develop a paper aircraft capable of surviving the flight from the International Space Station to the Earth 's surface .
The researchers are scheduled to begin testing the strength and heat resistance of an 8 centimeter ( 3.1 in ) long prototype on January 17 in an ultra - high - speed wind tunnel at the University of Tokyo's Okashiwa campus ( Chiba prefecture ) .
In the tests , the origami glider -- which is shaped like the Space Shuttle and has been treated to withstand intense heat -- will be subjected to wind speeds of Mach 7 , or about 8,600 kilometers ( 5,300 miles ) per hour .
A large spacecraft such as the Space Shuttle can reach speeds of up to Mach 20 ( over 15,200 mph ) when it re-enters the Earth 's atmosphere , and friction with the air heats the outer surface to extreme temperatures .
The much lighter origami aircraft , which the researchers claim will come down more slowly , is not expected to burn up on re-entry .
No launch date has been set for the paper spaceplane , but Shinji Suzuki , an aerospace engineering professor at the University of Tokyo , is thinking ahead .
" We hope the space station crew will write a message of peace on the plane before they launch it , " says Suzuki .
" We do n't know where in the world the plane will land , but we hope that whoever finds it will contact us . "
[ Source : Asahi ]
Specially formulated 22 % carbamide peroxide dental strength systems and teeth whitening refills at the Best Prices Anywhere .
The large whitening syringes contain a 10 ml of Teeth whitening gel each and are fresh from the laboratory .
That ’s enough for up to 40 individual tray treatments .
Make No Mistake
This is The Same System as Used in Dentists Offices at a Fraction of The Cost !
Teeth Whitening Gel & Teeth Whitening Refills
Our popular Standard Kit comes complete with one large 10 ml syringe of professional strength carbamide peroxide Gel ( enough for up to 40 treatments based on 0.25 ml per treatment ) .
A little goes a long way .
Also ,
You get 2 thermoform custom moldable dental bleaching trays for the top and bottom arches and easy to follow Instructions .
We also offer StandardPlus ( 20 ml ) Excel ( 30 ml ) and Jumbo Family Kits ( 60 ml ) at a Great Saving with Tooth Whitening Refills at amazing prices .
The Ultima System gives you lab made custom trays by post , three large syringes of 22 % carbamide peroxide gel , remineralising gel and a set of our thermal trays so you can start whitening your teeth straight away .
Our dental strength 22 % carbamide peroxide , high viscosity whitening gel was developed through dental laboratories for fast whitening action and maximum adhesion to teeth .
It is the most effective way to have that Million Dollar Smile in the comfort of your own home .
Dr. Georges Dental White
Dr. George Madrays System has Sold Over 7,500,000 Worldwide over the past ten years .
He is a renowned author , lecturer , and consultant to news sources such as Los Angeles Times , ABC 20 / 20 , and Good Morning America .
Dr. George started the world - wide whitening phenomenon ( outside of dental offices ) in 1989 .
Seen on Oprah Winfrey and TV Shows in The UK , Featured in Vogue , GQ , Prima and Other Magazines .
FREE Remineralisation Gel OFFER .
All of our systems now come with the option of adding our specially designed Laser Plasma whitening light to accelerate the teeth whiteningprocess and Remineralising Gel , it ’s like vitamins and minerals for your teeth .
UNBEATABLE OFFER , Technician Made Custom Bleaching Trays by Post .
We send you everything you need to take your own impressions .
Have completed Teeth Whitening trays for Only £ 59 with FREE GEL .
Or Custom Made Bleaching Trays Including FREE GEL for Two People for Only £ 99 .
Crest 3D Professional Effects give long lasting professional teeth whitening results .
Trial packs start at £ 8.99 .
Click here for more info .
If You are Considering Buying from Another Company , Compare the Amount of Whitening Gel to ProWhiteSmile .
We Give You 22 % Oversized 10 ml( cc ) Gel Filled Syringes that Deliver up to 40 Tray Treatments Each .
Not Smaller 3 ml or 5 ml Syringes .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Senate on Tuesday voted overwhelmingly to open debate on a bill to rein in energy market speculation blamed for high oil and gasoline prices .
A man fills up his truck with gas at a gas station in Santa Monica , California , May 28 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Lucy Nicholson
But final passage of the legislation looked difficult because of disagreements between its Democratic backers and Republicans who want to include other provisions designed to boost domestic oil production .
With 60 votes needed to proceed with the measure , 94 of the 100 U.S. Senators voted “ yes ” and none against .
But Republicans still may block final approval unless amendments are added to expand offshore drilling and develop oil shale fields .
Democrats oppose opening closed areas to drilling , saying oil companies first should explore millions of government acres they have already leased .
The legislation would require institutional traders to give regulators more details on unregulated over - the - counter transactions , to guard against price manipulation or excessive speculation .
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission also would review trading practices of swaps dealers and commodity index funds .
The legislation would not require higher margins to buy and sell oil , as the futures industry had feared .
But it would limit the number of oil contracts speculators could control .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , a Nevada Democrat , said the legislation would help bring down fuel costs .
“ If we did nothing else but pass this speculation bill , the American people would be very , very happy and the markets would be struck quickly and the price of oil would go down , ” he said .
But Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell called restrictions on speculation “ a very little piece ” of the solution .
“ Americans will continue to demand a serious solution that gets at supply and demand ; nothing less than that can be seen as a solution , ” he said .
Reid has proposed that Democrats and Republicans offer one amendment each to the speculation bill , but Republicans have indicated they may offer as many as 28 , dealing with matters from production to conservation .
Asked if he saw any possible “ middle ground , ” Reid told reporters , “ No , I do n’t . ”
Congress will soon be leaving for its August recess , and time is running out to deal with the legislation .
Democrats are ready to offer their own oil production proposal that would speed up awarding government leases on areas already open to exploration .
It also would take leases away from companies that do n’t drill on them and put some oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve into the market .
The White House expressed disappointment with the Senate bill , because it does not increase domestic oil production .
White House press secretary Dana Perino said the “ root cause ” of high fuel costs is tight supply and growing demand .
“ It is critical that we start focusing on the ( oil ) resources we have in our own country , ” Perino said .
In related matter , an interagency task force headed by the CFTC said in a report that high oil prices were due to supply and demand factors , and speculators were not to blame .
CFTC commissioner Bart Chilton said he disagreed with the task force ’s findings and supported the Senate legislation .
“ I think its time that we sort of rein in what is becoming apparent , that it ’s excessive speculation in the energy markets that are causing gas and oil prices to increase like we ’ve never seen before , ” he said Tuesday on the CSPAN .
Chilton noted that big hedge funds , pension funds and other speculators have invested $ 250 billion in commodities markets .
“ People know at the gas pump that something ’s going on . ”
Report : Iraq social and refugee crisis is worsening
By Sandy English
24 June 2008
According to a report issued last week by the human rights organization Amnesty International , the plight of nearly 5 million Iraqis displaced from their homes since the American invasion of 2003 is worsening in nearly every respect .
The report observes the “ crisis has steadily increased in size and complexity . ”
One in eight Iraqis is now internally displaced or a refugee .
Amnesty International notes that the trend of reduction in Iraqi deaths in the second half of 2007 has reversed , with nearly 2,000 Iraqis killed in March and April because of the US - backed Iraqi government ’s campaign against the Madhi Army in Basra and Sadr City in Baghdad .
“ The wider human rights situation in Iraq remains dire , ” the report continues .
“ People are being killed every month by armed groups , the Multinational Forces , Iraqi security forces , and private military and security guards .
Kidnappings , torture , ill - treatment and arbitrary detentions pervade the daily lives of Iraqis .
Violence against women and girls , including rapes and killings in ‘ honour crimes , ’ is reportedly on the rise . ”
The report cites the atrocious living conditions in most of Iraq as an additional factor driving people to flee the country .
According to Oxfam , in 2007 70 percent of Iraqis had no access to clean drinking water and 43 percent were living on less than a dollar a day .
Child malnutrition has increased from 19 percent in 2003 to 28 percent last year .
About half of Iraqis who have fled their homes remain in other parts of Iraq because of the increasing restrictions on leaving the country .
Denial of access to refuge abroad is at least in part due to the actions of the Iraqi government , which — along with its American masters — has a vested interest in reducing the number of people fleeing the country .
The report , for example , notes that one factor in the Syrian government ’s decision to introduce stricter visa requirements for Iraqis crossing the boarder was “ the request of the Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki . ”
Earlier this month the senior US coordinator for Iraqi refugee issues , Ambassador James Foley , encouraged the Iraqi government to step up its efforts to repatriate Iraqis , although he admitted that the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) estimates that 70 percent of those returning to Iraq were unable to resettle in their own homes .
Foley said , “ It ’s fairly clear the government was not prepared to provide returnees with housing , with essential services . ”
Amnesty ’s report makes the case that no place in Iraq can be considered safe , including the northern region controlled by the Kurdish Regional Government ( KRG ) .
Political tensions between Kurds and Arabs exist , and there are repeated Turkish incursions in the Kurdish - controlled areas .
Many internal refugees from central and southern Iraq are putting a strain on the resources of the KRG .
The bulk of Iraqi refugees have fled to Syria .
Although no official census has been taken , some estimates place the figure at 1.5 million .
Protection for Iraqi refugees in Syria is precarious .
Some manage to obtain temporary visas and others register with UNHCR .
The majority , however , has no official status and is subject to deportation back to Iraq at any time .
In particular , Iraqis who have been arrested , or even simply accused of minor crimes , are subject to expulsion .
These include misdemeanors necessary for survival , such as possession of forged documents or illegal entry to Syria .
Most Iraqis in Syria have been there since 2006 , and what funds they brought with them are now vanishing .
Increasing numbers are dependent on food aid .
A 20 - percent increase in the price of food since late 2007 in Syria , as well as a decrease in government food subsidies , has increased need .
As Iraqi families in Syria fall further and further into poverty , child labor has been on the rise .
The report estimates that only 43,794 of 200,000 school - age refugee children were enrolled in school in 2007 .
While many of them are denied places by the school authorities because of overcrowding , or cannot attend because of long commutes or difficulties with the curriculum , more and more children are working to help support their families .
Iraqi refugees in Syria have access to the public health system , but the system itself cannot meet their needs .
Iraq families are often required to make a financial contribution for treatment that they cannot afford .
In addition , Iraqis in Syria suffer from a much higher incidence of trauma because of their experiences in Iraq and have complex psychological needs that go untreated .
Five hundred thousand Iraqi refugees reside in Jordan ( 8 percent of the population ) .
Here , if anything , the situation is even worse than in Syria .
Access to Jordan is also highly restricted .
The report observes that young men in particular are turned back at the border .
In May the Jordanian government instituted new visa requirements , forcing Iraqis to apply for visas before they travel to Jordan .
Most Iraqis in Jordan have no legal status .
Iraqis with no residence permit must pay US $ 761 for every year that they are without official status .
Further , Iraqis are not permitted to work .
As in Syria , Iraqis in Jordan are becoming poorer every week .
Some work illegally , the report says , “ where they are reported to be vulnerable to low pay , exploitation , and arbitrary dismissals . ”
Rents are also on the rise , and Iraqi families are now sharing apartments and , in many cases , rooms with others .
As in Syria , education of children is a problem because of child labor and because Iraqi children are required to have their school documents from Iraq with them .
Emergency medical care for refugees has been restricted recently , and Iraqis with serious medical conditions in Jordan have no or limited access to treatment .
Iraqis have access to private clinics , but for the vast majority the cost of these clinics makes treatment there impossible .
The report says that 77 percent of the 50,000 Iraqis in Lebanon are there illegally , although the government has recently announced a plan to regularize their status .
To achieve legal status , a refugee is now required to pay a fee of the equivalent of about US $ 630 and a sponsor willing to put up an equivalent of US $ 1,000 guarantee .
Most Iraqis in Lebanon are living in poverty .
About 40 percent of Iraqi children “ aged between six and 17 did not enroll in school because of the high tuition fees and the need to work . ”
The report makes a special note about the myth of voluntary returns to Iraq from all countries .
The widespread American and Iraqi government propaganda that the situation in Iraq is “ normalizing ” has led to a spate of reports after late 2007 of refugees returning to Iraq .
State television has broadcast calls for refugees in the region to come back .
For those who do return , the reality has been devastating
For example , the report notes , “ Two highly publicized officially organized return convoys from Syria took place in November 2007 , one from Aleppo and the other from Damascus .
Despite an attempt to make the convoys a flagship initiative , symbolizing a recovered Iraq to which Iraqis could make voluntary , safe and sustainable returns , the reality was very much the opposite .
Many of the individuals who returned found dreadful conditions .
Of the 30 families who returned and were interviewed by one of UNHCR ’s partners in Iraq , only a third could go back to their original homes , while two thirds became internally displaced .
Some of the returnees found their property looted , occupied or destroyed .
In addition , the return incentive of around US $ 1,000 promised by the Iraqi government has yet to be received by the returnees , according to reports . ”
It does seem clear that some refugees are retuning to Iraq , but to call this repatriation voluntary is deceptive .
The report observes that the main reason for return appears to be poverty or other hardship .
For example , “ Information gathered about people the respondents knew who had returned showed that most had cited their inability to afford to live in Syria as the reason they had gone back to Iraq ( 56 per cent ) .
Only 16 per cent had returned because they had heard that the security situation had improved .
Of those , however , 59 percent wanted to leave Iraq again and return to Syria .
Some 47 per cent of these could not return because they lacked the money ( 31 per cent ) or did not have a visa ( 64 per cent ) . ”
If the bourgeois governments of Syria , Jordan , and Lebanon have treated Iraqi refugees with disdain , they have , at least , admitted them in larger numbers and allowed them to stay for at least some length of time .
The same cannot be said of the wealthiest countries near Iraq .
Saudi Arabia , for example , is building a wall , “ complete with sensors and night vision , ” along its border with Iraq to prevent refugees form entering the country .
According to a recent report by UNHCR , neighboring Kuwait has accepted about 45,000 Iraqi refugees , “ most of whom entered on three - month visit visas and then overstayed . ”
Kuwait does not recognize the right to asylum .
The conduct of Europe and the United States is even more hostile to the basic human rights of Iraqi refugees .
The report observes , “ Some countries outside the region that do have the means to support the relatively few Iraqi refugees who have crossed into their territory have adopted policies that appear intended to make rejected asylum - seekers destitute and so encourage their ‘ voluntary ’ return . ”
Amnesty International singles out the United Kingdom , the junior partner in the invasion and devastation of Iraq , as particularly egregious in this regard .
When an asylum seeker ’s appeal has been rejected , no second application is allowed and the seeker must leave the country within 21 days .
Some Iraqis who have gone though this process have simply returned to Iraq .
Other European nations have curtailed the numbers of Iraqi refugees that they will admit .
Since 2003 Germany has withdrawn refugee status from Iraqis protected from the regime of Saddam Hussein .
“ In 2007 , ” the report states , “ 5,780 new revocation procedures for Iraqi refugees were introduced .
Many resulted in revocation of protection status . ”
Deportations or Iraqis from Europe are now at a record high .
In the UK , at the end of 2007 , there had been an increase of 105 percent over the previous year .
The report points out that the United States has resettled only 753 Iraqis between 2003 and 2006 .
The government pledged to take in 25,000 more refugees after 2007 , but this has not been honored , and the total number of Iraqis resettled in the US is 1,608 .
Amnesty International believes that a newly announced target of resettling 12,000 Iraqi refugees by September 2008 is also unlikely to be met .
The primary reason for this has been US anti-terrorism laws .
As the report states : “ Resettlement cases headed for the USA and Australia are suffering serious delays due to the rigorous security checks to which Iraqis are being subjected in several countries .
This is hindering the ability of resettlement to provide a fast and effective response to the dire situation of the most vulnerable refugees . ”
The report makes a special plea for the Palestinians who have left Iraq because of violence and attacks on them due to their presumed favored status under the Baathist regime .
Thousands live in dangerous and squalid camps along the Iraq - Syrian boarder .
Referring to one such camp , the Amnesty International report states , “ Al - Waleed camp is in the Iraqi desert approximately 200 m inside the Iraqi passport control .
The unbearable conditions include extreme temperatures , the presence of snakes and scorpions , and serious protection issues such as the reported presence of armed non-residents entering the camp .
One aid worker who has visited the camp described it as ‘ hell . ’ ”
In a related report issued last week , the United Nations Committee on Human Rights documented an increase in the number of global refugees and internally displaced persons to 67 million in 2007 , up 2.5 million from a year before .
About half of these have fled their homes because of natural disasters ( or the inability of states to deal with disasters ) , and the remainder because of armed conflict .
Iraq and Somalia saw some of the largest changes between 2006 and 2007 in the numbers of internally displaced persons .
Both of these countries are of considerable geo-strategic importance to American imperialism and have been the focus of recent American military action .
It is noteworthy also that Colombia , which has between 2 million and 4 million internally displaced persons — by far the highest number of people in the Western Hemisphere — is a major recipient of US aid in dollars and military equipment .
The full Amnesty International report is available here .
Wine 5.18 Released
The source is available now .
Binary packages are in the process of being built , and will appear soon at their respective download locations .
What 's new in this release :
The Wine development release 5.18 is now available .
Vkd3d 1.2 Released
The Wine team is proud to announce that release 1.2 of vkd3d , the Direct3D to Vulkan translation library , is now available .
This release contains improvements that are listed in the release notes .
The main highlights are :
Availability of libvkd3d - shader as a public library .
Support for tessellation shaders .
Version 1.1 root signatures .
Stream output support .
The source is available here .
Flt Lt Chris Ball had been ordered to shorten his moustache
An RAF fighter pilot has won his battle with the United States Air Force over the size of his handlebar moustache .
Flight Lieutenant Chris Ball , who is on an exchange posting with the USAF in Afghanistan was told to trim his distinctive moustache .
The pilot , who is usually based at RAF Lossiemouth , turned to the Queen 's Regulations and found the moustache 's width did not breach RAF guidelines .
The rules state the moustache should not go below the edge of the mouth .
Despite Flt Lt Ball serving on exchange with the USAF , the RAF still have some say on the attire and appearance of their staff .
The USAF relented and Flt Lt Ball 's moustache was left unruffled .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An MoD spokeswoman said : " Queen 's Regulations for the RAF ( QR209 ) state that if a moustache is worn , the upper lip is to be unshaven and the moustache is not to extend below the edge of the mouth .
" The commanding officer shall be the arbiter as to what is or not an acceptable style or length of cut .
" A Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU ) exists covering the exchange of Officers of the Royal Air Force and the United States Air Force .
" The MOU states that ' Officers are to comply with the dress regulations of their own Service and the order of dress for any occasion is to be that which most nearly conforms to the order of dress of the unit with which they are serving .
" Local commanding officers should not issue instructions to officers which cannot be fulfilled by reasons of difference in dress regulations . "
' Big and bushy '
Moustache aficionados were delighted that Flt Lt Ball could continue to sport his facial hair .
Rod Littlewood , vice president of the London - based Handlebar Club , said the RAF had a long association with the moustache .
Flt Lt Ball grew his moustache while on an exchange posting with the USAF " We are delighted with this result , it 's one in the eye for these people - a moustache is all about individuality , " he said .
" One theory behind the association between airmen and a hairy top lip was to make young pilots look older . "
He added : " During the Second World War a lot of these chaps signing up to fly were pretty young .
" A moustache would certainly make them look a lot older and more manly . "
Mr Littlewood , who sports a large handlebar moustache , said : " The moustache is not that popular in the UK at the moment but as far as we are concerned they have never gone out of fashion .
" Everything goes around in circles and I do n't see any reason why they should n't become more popular .
" Of course the handlebar is the most sought after - it 's big and bushy and swishes across the top of the lip . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Meet Renard the Fox : Gov’t Spying on World of Warcraft
Bill Moyers Journal : The National Intelligence Agency is issuing a contract to spy on players of massive multiplayer online games like World of Warcraft and Second Life .
( aired Friday , June 6 ) Related
This entry was posted on June 12 , 2008 at 8:16 am and is filed under CIA , fascism , police , video , war on terror .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can skip to the end and leave a response .
Pinging is currently not allowed .
Анал порно виде о
Среди настоящих ценителей качественного порно видео настоящей популярностью пользуется именно анальное порно .
Ведь только в таких секс роликах и длинных фильмах можно увидеть , как входит в тугую попку массивный член , и партнерша сладко стонет .
Анал порно видео привлекает и тех , кто в восторге от упругих и сочных женских задниц , ведь смотреть на секс в попец можно постоянно и с огромным удовольствием .
Молодые девушки и опытные развратницы частенько не против попробовать что - то новое , а словив реальный кайф от перепихона в очко такие милашки будут требовать повторения .
Порно анал , когда дырочка в попке просто разрывается длинным пенисом , заводит всех любителей как красивого , так и жесткого порно .
И можно даже в реальной жизни попробовать то , что вы увидите в порно клипах .
CL-UNICODE - A portable Unicode library for Common Lisp
Abstract CL - UNICODE is a library which provides Common Lisp implementations with knowledge about Unicode characters including their name , their general category , the scripts and blocks they belong to , their numerical value , and several other properties .
It also provides the ability to replace the standard syntax for reading Lisp characters with one that is Unicode - aware and is used to enhance CL - PPCRE with Unicode properties .
CL - UNICODE is based on Unicode 5.1 .
The code comes with a BSD - style license so you can basically do with it whatever you want .
Download shortcut : http://weitz.de/files/cl-unicode.tar.gz.
The library comes with a system definition for ASDF and you compile and load it in the usual way .
It depends on CL - PPCRE .
CL -UNICODE builds parts of its source code automatically the first time it is compiled .
This is done by parsing several Unicode data files which are included with the distribution and might take some time .
This happens only once .
FLEXI - STREAMS is needed for this process , but it is not used anymore once CL - UNICODE has been built .
You can run a test suite which tests most aspects of the library with
( asdf:oos ' asdf:test- op :cl- unicode )
CHAR -CODE-LIMIT
[ Generic function ]
general - category c => name , symbol
Returns the general category of a character as a string .
c can be the character 's code point ( a positive integer ) or a ( Lisp ) character assuming its character code is also its Unicode code point .
The second return value is the property symbol of the category .
CL - USER 1 > ( general - category # \A ) " Lu " CL - UNICODE -NAMES ::LU CL - USER 2 > ( general - category #\-) " Pd " CL - UNICODE -NAMES ::PD CL - USER 3 > ( general - category # \8 ) " Nd " CL - UNICODE -NAMES ::ND
See also GENERAL -CATEGORIES .
[ Generic function ]
script c => name , symbol
Returns the script of a character as a string or NIL if there is no script for that particular character .
c can be the character 's code point ( a positive integer ) or a ( Lisp ) character assuming its character code is also its Unicode code point .
The second return value ( if there is one ) is the property symbol of the script .
CL - USER 1 > ( script # \B ) " Latin " CL - UNICODE -NAMES ::LATIN CL-USER 2 > ( script ( code- char # x5d0 ) ) " Hebrew " CL - UNICODE -NAMES::HEBREW
See also SCRIPTS .
[ Generic function ]
code - block c => name , symbol
Returns the block of a character as a string or NIL if there is no block for that particular character .
c can be the character 's code point ( a positive integer ) or a ( Lisp ) character assuming its character code is also its Unicode code point .
The second return value ( if there is one ) is the property symbol of the block .
CL - USER 1 > ( code - block # \a ) " Basic Latin " CL - UNICODE -NAMES ::BASICLATIN CL-USER 2 > ( code - block # \ä ) " Latin - 1 Supplement " CL - UNICODE -NAMES ::LATIN1SUPPLEMENT
See also CODE - BLOCKS .
[ Generic function ]
has - binary - property c property => generalized - boolean
Checks whether a character has the binary property property .
c can be the character 's code point ( a positive integer ) or a ( Lisp ) character assuming its character code is also its Unicode code point .
property can be a string naming the property or the corresponding property symbol .
If a true value is returned , it is the property symbol .
CL - USER 1 > ( has - binary - property # \Space " White_Space " ) CL - UNICODE -NAMES ::WHITESPACE CL -USER 2 > ( has - binary - property #\F " ASCII_Hex_Digit " ) CL - UNICODE -NAMES ::ASCIIHEXDIGIT
CL-USER 3 > ( has - binary - property #\- " Dash " ) CL - UNICODE -NAMES ::DASH CL - USER 4 > ( has - binary - property #\= " Dash " ) NIL See also BINARY - PROPERTIES .
[ Generic function ]
numeric - type c => name , symbol
Returns the numeric type of a character ( one of " Decimal " , " Digit " , or " Numeric " ) as a string or NIL if that particular character has no numeric type .
c can be the character 's code point ( a positive integer ) or a ( Lisp ) character assuming its character code is also its Unicode code point .
The second return value ( if there is one ) is the property symbol of the numeric type .
CL - USER 1 > ( numeric - type # \3 ) " Decimal " CL - UNICODE -NAMES ::DECIMAL CL-USER 2 > ( numeric - type ( character - named " VULGAR FRACTION THREE QUARTERS " ) ) " Numeric " CL - UNICODE -NAMES ::NUMERIC CL-USER 3 > ( numeric - type #\z ) NIL NIL
[ Generic function ]
numeric - value c => number - or-nil
Returns the numeric value of a character as a Lisp rational or NIL ( for NaN ) .
c can be the character 's code point ( a positive integer ) or a ( Lisp ) character assuming its character code is also its Unicode code point .
CL - USER 1 > ( numeric - value # \3 ) 3 CL - USER 2 > ( numeric - value ( character - named " VULGAR FRACTION THREE QUARTERS " ) )
3/4 CL - USER 3 > ( numeric - value #\z ) NIL
[ Generic function ]
bidi-class c => name , symbol
Returns the bidirectional ( Bidi ) class of a character as a string or NIL if there is no bidirectional class for that particular character .
c can be the character 's code point ( a positive integer ) or a ( Lisp ) character assuming its character code is also its Unicode code point .
The second return value ( if there is one ) is the property symbol of the class .
CL - USER 1 > ( bidi-class # \Space ) " WS " CL - UNICODE -NAMES ::WS CL - USER 2 > ( bidi-class # \A ) " L " CL - UNICODE -NAMES ::L CL- USER 3 > ( bidi-class ( character - named " HEBREW LETTER ALEF " ) ) " R " CL - UNICODE -NAMES ::R
See also BIDI - CLASSES .
[ Function ]
bidi - mirroring - glyph c &key want - code - point - p => char - or - code - point
Returns the Bidi mirroring glyph for a character if the character has the BidiMirrored property and an appropriate mirroring glyph is defined .
c can be the character 's code point ( a positive integer ) or a ( Lisp ) character assuming its character code is also its Unicode code point .
Returns the code point instead of the character if want - code - point - p is true .
This can be especially useful for Lisp implementations where CHAR - CODE - LIMIT is smaller than +CODE - POINT -LIMIT + .
CL - USER 1 > ( bidi-mirroring - glyph # \ [ ) # \ ] CL - USER 2 > ( bidi- mirroring - glyph # \ ] ) # \[ CL - USER 3 > ( bidi-mirroring - glyph # \| ) NIL
[ Function ]
lowercase - mapping c &key want - code - point - p => char - or - code - point
Returns the simple lowercase mapping of a character .
c can be the character 's code point ( a positive integer ) or a ( Lisp ) character assuming its character code is also its Unicode code point .
Returns the character itself if no such mapping is explicitly defined .
Note that case mapping only makes sense for characters with the LC property .
Returns the code point instead of the character if want - code - point - p is true .
This can be especially useful for Lisp implementations where CHAR - CODE - LIMIT is smaller than +CODE - POINT -LIMIT + .
CL - USER 1 > ( lowercase - mapping # \Ä ) #\ä CL - USER 2 > ( unicode - name ( lowercase - mapping ( character - named " GEORGIAN CAPITAL LETTER AN " ) ) )
" GEORGIAN SMALL LETTER AN " CL - USER 3 > ( lowercase - mapping ( character - named " LATIN CAPITAL LETTER SHARP S " ) ) #\ß
[ Function ]
uppercase - mapping c &key want - code - point - p => char - or - code - point
Returns the simple uppercase mapping of a character .
c can be the character 's code point ( a positive integer ) or a ( Lisp ) character assuming its character code is also its Unicode code point .
Returns the character itself if no such mapping is explicitly defined .
Note that case mapping only makes sense for characters with the LC property .
Returns the code point instead of the character if want - code - point - p is true .
This can be especially useful for Lisp implementations where CHAR - CODE - LIMIT is smaller than +CODE - POINT -LIMIT + .
CL - USER 1 > ( uppercase - mapping #\s ) #\S CL - USER 2 > ( unicode - name ( uppercase - mapping ( character - named " GLAGOLITIC SMALL LETTER AZU " ) ) )
" GLAGOLITIC CAPITAL LETTER AZU "
[ Function ]
titlecase - mapping c &key want - code - point - p => char - or - code - point
Returns the simple titlecase mapping of a character .
c can be the character 's code point ( a positive integer ) or a ( Lisp ) character assuming its character code is also its Unicode code point .
Returns the character itself if no such mapping is explicitly defined .
Note that case mapping only makes sense for characters with the LC property .
Returns the code point instead of the character if want - code - point - p is true .
This can be especially useful for Lisp implementations where CHAR - CODE - LIMIT is smaller than +CODE - POINT -LIMIT + .
CL - USER 1 > ( unicode - name ( titlecase - mapping ( char- code ( character - named " LATIN SMALL LETTER DZ WITH CARON " ) ) ) )
" LATIN CAPITAL LETTER D WITH SMALL LETTER Z WITH CARON " CL - USER 2 > ( unicode - name ( uppercase - mapping ( char- code ( character - named " LATIN SMALL LETTER DZ WITH CARON " ) ) ) )
" LATIN CAPITAL LETTER DZ WITH CARON "
[ Generic function ]
combining - class c => class
Returns the combining class of a character as a non-negative integer .
c can be the character 's code point ( a positive integer ) or a ( Lisp ) character assuming its character code is also its Unicode code point .
CL - USER 1 > ( combining - class # \~ ) 0 CL - USER 2 > ( combining - class ( character - named " COMBINING TILDE OVERLAY " ) )
1 CL - USER 3 > ( combining - class ( character - named " NON - SPACING DOUBLE OVERSCORE " ) ) 230
[ Generic function ]
age c => age
Returns the age of a character or NIL if there is no age entry for that particular character .
The age of a character is a list of two integers denoting the major and minor number of the Unicode version where the character first appeared .
c can be the character 's code point ( a positive integer ) or a ( Lisp ) character assuming its character code is also its Unicode code point .
CL - USER 1 > ( age # \K ) ( 1 1 ) CL - USER 2 > ( age ( character - named " HANGUL SYLLABLE PWILH " ) ) ( 2 0 ) CL - USER 3 > ( age ( character - named " LATIN CAPITAL LETTER SHARP S " ) ) ( 5 1 )
[ Function ]
general - categories => list
Returns a sorted list of all general categories known to CL - UNICODE .
These are the possible return values of GENERAL - CATEGORY .
CL - USER 1 > ( general - categories ) ( " Cc " " Cf " " Cn " " Co " " CS " " Ll " " Lm " " Lo " " Lt " " Lu " " Mc " " Me " " Mn " " Nd " " Nl " " No " " Pc " " Pd " " Pe " " Pf " " Pi " " Po " " Ps " " Sc " " Sk " " Sm " " So " " Zl " " Zp " " Zs " )
[ Function ]
scripts => list
Returns a sorted list of all scripts known to CL - UNICODE .
These are the possible return values of SCRIPT .
[ Function ]
code - blocks => list
Returns a sorted list of all blocks known to CL - UNICODE .
These are the possible return values of CODE - BLOCK .
[ Function ]
binary - properties => list
Returns a sorted list of all binary properties known to CL - UNICODE .
These are the allowed second arguments ( modulo canonicalization ) to HAS - BINARY - PROPERTY .
CL - USER 1 > ( binary - properties ) ( " ASCII_Hex_Digit " " BidiMirrored " " Bidi_Control " " Dash " " Deprecated " " Diacritic " " Extender " " Hex_Digit " " Hyphen " " Ideographic " " IDS_Binary_Operator " " IDS_Trinary_Operator " " Join_Control " " Logical_Order_Exception " " Other_Alphabetic " " Other_Default_Ignorable_Code_Point " " Other_Grapheme_Extend " " Other_ID_Continue " " Other_ID_Start " " Other_Lowercase " " Other_Math " " Other_Uppercase " " Pattern_Syntax " " Pattern_White_Space " " Quotation_Mark " " Radical " " Soft_Dotted " " STerm " " Terminal_Punctuation " " Unified_Ideograph " " Variation_Selector " " White_Space " )
[ Function ]
bidi-classes => list
Returns a sorted list of all Bidi classes known to CL - UNICODE .
These are the possible return values of BIDI - CLASS .
CL - USER 1 > ( bidi-classes ) ( " AL " " AN " " B " " BN " " CS " " EN " " ES " " ET " " L " " LRE " " LRO " " NSM " " ON " " PDF " " R " " RLE " " RLO " " S " " WS " )
[ Function ]
has - property c property => generalized - boolean
Checks whether a character has the named property property .
property can be a string naming a property ( which will be used for look - up after canonicalization ) or it can be a property symbol ( see PROPERTY - SYMBOL ) .
c can be the character 's code point ( a positive integer ) or a ( Lisp ) character assuming its character code is also its Unicode code point .
Properties in the sense of CL - UNICODE can be names of general categories , scripts , blocks , binary properties , or Bidi classes , amongst other things .
If there are a block and a script with the same name ( like , say , " Cyrillic " ) , the bare name denotes the script .
Prepend " Block : " to the name to refer to the block .
( You can also prepend " Script : " to refer to the script unambiguously . )
Names of Bidi classes must be prepended with " BidiClass : " if there 's a potential for ambiguity .
This function also recognizes several aliases for properties ( like " Symbol " for " S " ) and you can , as in Perl , prepend block names with " In " instead of " Block : " and most other properties with " Is " .
See RECOGNIZED -PROPERTIES
.
Signals an error if no property named property was found .
CL - USER 1 > ( has - property # \A " L " ) T CL - USER 2 > ( has - property # \A " Letter " ) T CL - USER 3 > ( has - property # \A " LC " ) T CL - USER 4 > ( has - property # \A " CasedLetter " ) T CL - USER 5 > ( has - property # \A " Lu " ) T CL - USER 6 > ( has - property # \A " UppercaseLetter " ) T CL - USER 7 > ( has - property # \A " IsUppercaseLetter " ) T CL - USER 8 > ( has - property # \A " LowercaseLetter " ) NIL CL - USER 9 > ( has - property # \A " Latin " ) T CL - USER 10 > ( has - property # \A " Script : Latin " ) T CL - USER 11 > ( has - property # \A " Script : Hebrew " ) NIL CL - USER 12 > ( has - property # \A " Basic Latin " ) T CL - USER 13 > ( has - property # \A " Block : BasicLatin " ) T CL - USER 14 > ( has - property # \A " InBasicLatin " ) T CL - USER 15 > ( has - property # \A " Block : Arabic " ) NIL CL - USER 16 > ( has - property # \A " WhiteSpace " ) NIL CL - USER 17 > ( has - property # \A " HexDigit " ) CL - UNICODE -NAMES::HEXDIGIT CL -USER 18 > ( has - property # \A " BidiClass : L " ) T CL - USER 19 > ( has - property # \A " BidiClass : Left - to - Right " ) T CL - USER 20 > ( has - property # \A " LeftToRight " )
T CL - USER 21 > ( has - property # \A " Any " ) T CL - USER 22 > ( has - property # \A " Assigned " ) T CL - USER 23 > ( has - property # \A " Unassigned " ) NIL CL - USER 24 > ( has - property # \A " ASCII " ) T See also PROPERTY - TEST .
[ Generic function ]
property - test property &key errorp => function
Returns a unary function which can test code points or Lisp characters for the named property property .
property is interpreted as in HAS - PROPERTY and PROPERTY - TEST is actually used internally by HAS - PROPERTY but might come in handy if you need a faster way to test for property ( as you 're saving the time to look up the property ) .
Returns NIL if no property named property was found or signals an error if errorp is true .
CL - USER 1 > ( let ( ( ascii- tester ( property - test " ASCII_Hex_Digit " ) ) ) ( count - if 'identity ( map ' list ascii-tester " ALEF " ) ) ) 3 See also CL - PPCRE's CREATE -OPTIMIZED -TEST -FUNCTION .
[ Function ]
list - all - characters property &key want - code - point - p => list
Lists all character ( ordered by code point ) which have the property property where property is interpreted as in HAS - PROPERTY .
If want - code - point - p is true , a list of code points instead of a list of characters is returned .
( If CHAR - CODE -LIMIT is smaller than +CODE - POINT - LIMIT + in your Lisp implementation , the list of code points can actually be longer than the list of characters . ) .
CL - USER 1 > ( mapcar ' unicode - name ( list- all - characters " Grapheme_Link " : want- code-point-p t ) ) ( " DEVANAGARI SIGN VIRAMA " " BENGALI SIGN VIRAMA " " GURMUKHI SIGN VIRAMA " " GUJARATI SIGN VIRAMA " " ORIYA SIGN VIRAMA " " TAMIL SIGN VIRAMA " " TELUGU SIGN VIRAMA " " KANNADA SIGN VIRAMA " " MALAYALAM SIGN VIRAMA " " SINHALA SIGN AL - LAKUNA " " THAI CHARACTER PHINTHU " " TIBETAN MARK HALANTA " " MYANMAR SIGN VIRAMA " " MYANMAR SIGN ASAT " " TAGALOG SIGN VIRAMA " " HANUNOO SIGN PAMUDPOD " " KHMER SIGN COENG " " BALINESE ADEG ADEG " " SUNDANESE SIGN PAMAAEH " " SYLOTI NAGRI SIGN HASANTA " " SAURASHTRA SIGN VIRAMA " " REJANG VIRAMA " " KHAROSHTHI VIRAMA " )
[ Function ]
recognized - properties &optional all => list
Returns a list of all property names known to CL - UNICODE .
These are the allowed second arguments ( modulo canonicalization ) to HAS - PROPERTY .
If all is true , known aliases ( like Letter for L ) are also included .
CL - USER 1 > ( length ( recognized - properties t ) ) 996
[ Function ]
property - symbol name => symbol , name
Returns a symbol in the CL - UNICODE - NAMES package ( which is only used for this purpose ) which can stand in for the string name in look - ups .
The symbol 's name is the result of canonicalizing and then upcasing name .
A symbol returned by this function is only really useful and only actually a property symbol if the second return value is true .
All exported functions of CL - UNICODE which return strings which are property names return the corresponding property symbol as their second return value .
All exported functions of CL - UNICODE which accept property names as arguments will also accept property symbols .
CL - USER 1 > ( property - symbol " XID_Start " ) CL - UNICODE -NAMES::XIDSTART
" XIDStart " CL - USER 2 > ( property - symbol " Foo " ) CL - UNICODE -NAMES ::FOO NIL See also PROPERTY - NAME .
[ Function ]
property - name symbol => name - or - nil
Returns a name ( not the name ) for a property symbol symbol if it is known to CL - UNICODE .
Note that ( STRING= ( PROPERTY - NAME ( PROPERTY - SYMBOL < string > ) ) < string > ) is not necessarily true even if the property name is not NIL while ( EQ ( PROPERTY - SYMBOL ( PROPERTY - NAME < symbol > ) ) < symbol > ) always holds if there is a property name for < symbol > .
CL - USER 1 > ( property - name 'cl-unicode-names ::asciihexdigit ) " ASCII_Hex_Digit "
See also PROPERTY - SYMBOL .
[ Function ]
canonicalize - name name => name '
Converts the string name into a canonicalized name which can be used for unambiguous look - ups by removing all whitespace , hyphens , and underline characters .
Tries not to remove hyphens preceded by spaces or underlines if this could lead to ambiguities as described in http://unicode.org/unicode/reports/tr18/#Name_Properties.
All CL - UNICODE functions which accept string names for characters or properties will canonicalize the name first using this function and will then look up the name case - insensitively .
CL - USER 1 > ( canonicalize - name " Left - to - Right " ) " LefttoRight " CL - USER 2 > ( canonicalize - name " Left_To_Right " ) " LeftToRight " CL - USER 3 > ( string - equal * **) T CL - USER 4 > ( canonicalize - name " TIBETAN LETTER A " ) " TIBETANLETTERA " CL - USER 5 > ( canonicalize - name " TIBETAN LETTER - A " )
" TIBETANLETTER - A " CL - USER 6 > ( canonicalize - name ( canonicalize - name " TIBETAN LETTER A " ) )
" TIBETANLETTERA " CL - USER 7 > ( canonicalize - name ( canonicalize - name " TIBETAN LETTER - A " ) )
" TIBETANLETTER - A " CL - USER 8 > ( canonicalize - name " Tibetan_Letter_ - A " )
" TibetanLetter - A "
Note that the preceding chracter is relevant in the ambiguous cases ( but there are only three of them ) : CL - USER 8 > ( char= ( character - named " TibetanLetter A " ) ( character - named " TibetanLetter - A " ) )
NIL CL - USER 9 > ( char= ( character - named " TibetanLetterA " ) ( character - named " TibetanLetter - A " ) ) T
[ Generic function ]
unicode - name c => name - or- nil
Returns the Unicode name of a character as a string or NIL if there is no name for that particular character .
c can be the character 's code point ( a positive integer ) or a ( Lisp ) character assuming its character code is also its Unicode code point .
CL - USER 1 > ( unicode - name #\ß ) " LATIN SMALL LETTER SHARP S " CL - USER 2 > ( unicode - name # \ü ) " LATIN SMALL LETTER U WITH DIAERESIS " CL - USER 3 > ( unicode - name # xd4db ) " HANGUL SYLLABLE PWILH "
[ Generic function ]
unicode1 - name c => name - or- nil
Returns the Unicode 1.0 name of a character as a string or NIL if there is no name for that particular character .
This name is only non- NIL if it is significantly different from the Unicode name ( see UNICODE - NAME ) .
For control characters , sometimes the ISO 6429 name is returned instead .
c can be the character 's code point ( a positive integer ) or a ( Lisp ) character assuming its character code is also its Unicode code point .
CL - USER 1 > ( unicode - name ( code- char 1 ) ) NIL CL - USER 2 > ( unicode1 - name ( code- char 1 ) ) " START OF HEADING " CL - USER 3 > ( unicode - name ( code- char # x67e ) ) " ARABIC LETTER PEH " CL - USER 4 > ( unicode1 - name ( code- char # x67e ) ) " ARABIC LETTER TAA WITH THREE DOTS BELOW "
[ Function ]
character - named name &key want - code - point - p try - unicode1 - names - p try - abbreviations - p scripts - to - try try - hex - notation - p try - lisp - names - p => char - or - code - point
Returns the character which has the name name ( a string ) by looking up the Unicode name ( see UNICODE - NAME ) .
If try - unicode1 - names is true , the Unicode 1.0 name ( see UNICODE1 - NAME ) will be used as a fallback .
If try - abbreviations - p is true , name is treated as an abbreviation as follows :
If name contains a colon , it is interpreted as " < script > : < short - name > " and the function tries to look up , in turn , the characters named " < script > < size > LETTER < short - name > " , " < script > LETTER < short - name > " , and " < script > < short - name > " where < size > is " SMALL " if none of the characters in < short - name > is uppercase , " CAPITAL " otherwise .
If name does not contain a colon , the same algorithm as above is tried with name instead of < short - name > and each element of the list of strings scripts - to - try as < string > . ( scripts - to - try can also be a single string which is interpreted as a one - element list . )
If try - hex - notation - p is true , name can be of the form " U+<x > " where < x > is a hexadecimal number with four to six digits with the obvious meaning .
If try - lisp - names - p is true , the function returns the character with the character name name ( if there is one ) or , if name is exactly one character , it returns this character .
All the keyword - governed alternatives are tried in the order they 're described above .
See also * TRY - UNICODE1 - NAMES-P* , *TRY - ABBREVIATIONS-P* , * SCRIPTS-TO -TRY * , *TRY -HEX - NOTATION -P* , and * TRY - LISP - NAMES-P* .
Returns the code point instead of the character if want - code - point - p is true .
This can be especially useful for Lisp implementations where CHAR - CODE - LIMIT is smaller than +CODE - POINT -LIMIT + .
CL - USER 1 > ( character - named " LATIN SMALL LETTER SHARP S " ) #\ß CL - USER 2 > ( character - named " latin small letter sharp s " ) #\ß CL - USER 3 > ( character - named " LatinSmallLetterSharpS " ) #\ß CL - USER 4 > ( character - named " Latin : sharps " : try- abbreviations - p t ) #\ß CL - USER 5 > ( character - named " sharps " : try - abbreviations - p t : scripts - to - try " Latin " ) #\ß CL - USER 6 > ( character - named " Backspace " ) # \Backspace CL - USER 7 > ( character - named " Backspace " : try- unicode1 - names - p nil ) NIL CL - USER 8 > ( character - named " Newline " ) NIL CL - USER 9 > ( character - named " Newline " : try- lisp-names - p t) # \Newline CL - USER 10 > ( character - named " U+0020 " : try - hex - notation - p t ) #\Space
[ Special variable ]
* try-unicode1-names - p*
This is the default value for the try - unicode1 - names - p keyword argument to CHARACTER - NAMED .
Its initial value is T .
[ Special variable ]
* try - abbreviations - p*
This is the default value for the try - abbreviations - p keyword argument to CHARACTER - NAMED .
Its initial value is NIL .
[ Special variable ]
* scripts - to - try *
This is the default value for the scripts - to - try keyword argument to CHARACTER - NAMED .
Its initial value is NIL .
[ Special variable ]
* try - hex - notation - p *
This is the default value for the try - hex - notation - p keyword argument to CHARACTER - NAMED .
Its initial value is NIL .
[ Special variable ]
* try-lisp- names - p *
This is the default value for the try - lisp - names - p keyword argument to CHARACTER - NAMED .
Its initial value is NIL .
[ Macro ]
enable-alternative - character - syntax => |
Enables an alternative Lisp character syntax which replaces the usual syntax :
After a sharpsign ( # \# ) and a backslash ( # \\ ) have been read , at least one more character is read .
Reading then continues as long as ASCII letters , digits , underlines , hyphens , colons , or plus signs are read .
The resulting string is then used as input to CHARACTER - NAMED to produce a character .
This macro expands into an EVAL - WHEN so that if you use it as a top - level form in a file to be loaded and / or compiled it 'll do what you expect .
Technically , this 'll push the current readtable on a stack so that matching calls of this macro and DISABLE - ALTERNATIVE - CHARACTER -SYNTAX can be nested .
Note that by default the alternative character syntax is not enabled after loading CL - UNICODE .
CL - USER 1 > ( enable-alternative-character-syntax ) CL - USER 2 > ( setq * try - abbreviations - p* t) T CL - USER 3 > ( setq * scripts - to - try * " Hebrew " ) " Hebrew " CL - USER 4 > ( char- code # \ Alef ) 1488 ( It is recommended that you set * TRY - LISP - SYNTAX - P* to a true value when enabling the alternative syntax , so that you can still use the short syntax ( like # \a ) for characters . )
For an alternative syntax for strings see CL - INTERPOL .
[ Macro ]
disable-alternative-character-syntax => |
Restores the readtable which was active before the last call to ENABLE - ALTERNATIVE - CHARACTER -SYNTAX .
If there was no such call , the standard readtable is used .
This macro expands into an EVAL - WHEN so that if you use it as a top - level form in a file to be loaded and / or compiled it 'll do what you expect .
Technically , this 'll pop a readtable from the stack described in ENABLE - ALTERNATIVE - CHARACTER -SYNTAX so that matching calls of these macros can be nested .
[ Constant ]
+code-point-limit +
# x110000 , the smallest integer which is not a code point in the Unicode codespace .
[ Condition type ]
unicode - error
All errors signalled by CL - UNICODE are of this type .
This documentation was prepared with DOCUMENTATION - TEMPLATE .
$ Header : /usr/ local/cvsrep/cl-unicode/doc/index.html , v 1.16 2012-05-04 21:17:47 edi Exp $
BACK TO MY HOMEPAGE
Just three years after it was discovered , a new species of monkey is threatened with extinction according to the Wildlife Conservation Society , which recently published the first - ever census of the endangered primate .
Known as the " kipunji , " the large , forest - dwelling primate hovers at 1,117 individuals , according to a study released in the July issue of the journal Oryx .
The population estimate was the result of more than 2,800 hours of field work by WCS scientists in the Southern Highlands and Udzungwa Mountains in Tanzania where the kipunji was discovered .
The team found that the monkey 's range is restricted to just 6.82 square miles ( 17.69 square kilometers ) of forest in two isolated regions .
The authors also discovered that much of the monkey 's remaining habitat is severely degraded by illegal logging and land conversion .
In addition , the monkey itself is the target of poachers .
Because of these combined threats , WCS proposes that the kipunji should be classified by the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) as " critically endangered " – which means it is threatened with extinction in the wild if immediate conservation action is not taken .
" The kipunji is hanging on by the thinnest of threads , " said Dr. Tim Davenport , Tanzania Country Director for the Wildlife Conservation Society .
" We must do all we can to safeguard this extremely rare and little understood species while there is still time . "
Along with the IUCN designation , WCS is investing in the protection and restoration of the kipunji's remaining habitat and local conservation education of local people to help safeguard remaining populations .
The kipunji first made headlines in 2005 when a team of scientists led by WCS announced its discovery .
Then in 2006 , the monkey made news again when DNA analysis revealed that the species represented an entire new genus of primate — the first since 1923 .
Source : Wildlife Conservation Society
Explore further New Primate Discovered in Mountain Forests of Tanzania
Traders on Wall Street are n't know for their tranquility .
Nor are they known for taking bad news well .
But investors in Pakistan today , apparently determined to one - up their Wall Street counterparts , went on a rampage that would make Jim Cramer look like a coma victim .
The Karachi stock exchange suffered its 15 'th consecutive day of losses today , having declined 35 % since peaking in April .
Pakistanis have lost $ 30 billion in the crash , and traders and investors took to the street today to express their outrage .
Bloomberg :
Police surrounded the exchange after hundreds of investors stoned the building and shouted anti-government slogans .
They directed their ire at the government and Securities and Exchange Commission of Pakistan , which this week removed a 1 percent daily limit on price declines .
The measure was aimed at halting a slide that wiped out $ 30 billion of Pakistan 's market value in three months , threatening to undo a 14 - fold rally since 2001 .
Rioters broke windows and burned shareholder statements , and after one man was injured , the police and paramilitary forces intervened to quell the revolt .
Cleaners stand in water as they scrub the exterior of the National Grand Theatre , which has been nicknamed the " egg " , in Beijing July 11 , 2008 .
( REUTERS / David Gray )
Final preparations for the 2008 Summer Olympics are in full swing in Beijing .
This includes completing hundreds of construction projects , reconstructions , pollution controls , cultural training , and a general " beautifying " of greater Beijing .
Rehearsals and drills take place daily as Chinese citizens hurry to finish up - after all , the whole world is coming soon .
The Olympics are set to begin on August 8th . ( 24 photos total
The moon rises over the new National Theater in Beijing Wednesday July 16 , 2008 .
The glass and titanium dome , nicknamed " The Egg " is one of a series of landmarks , notable for their futuristic design , that will greet visitors to the Olympics .
( AP Photo / Greg Baker )
Chinese cheerleaders for the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games gather for practice in Beijing on July 18 , 2008 .
Cheerleading is a quintessentially American tradition but has become more and more popular in China , thanks in large part to the phenomenal success of US basketball among China 's youth , who are not shocked by scantily - clad dancers .
( STR / AFP / Getty Images )
A view of the Shougang Group compound on the outskirts of Beijing in this July 17 , 2008 photo .
There is little doubt at ordinary Beijingers ' ethusiasm for next month 's Olympic Games .
But a whole series of problems that have proven tough to fix could give visitors an Olympic - sized headache , and may put many off coming altogether .
The Shougang Group , one of China 's leading steel makers and the capital 's major polluter , is fulfilling its commitment to cut output and pollution by 70 percent for the Olympic Games , a company source said Friday , July 11th .
( REUTERS / Darren Whiteside )
A Chinese worker cleans the floor near a train waiting to leave from the new Beijing Capital International Airport Terminal 3 subway station in Beijing , Saturday , July 19 , 2008 .
Three new subway lines were opened Saturday allowing passengers arriving at the airport to reach the Olympic Green by train for the first time .
( AP Photo / Ng Han Guan )
A worker washes his hands in a moat around the National Aquatics Centre also known as the Water Cube , at the Olympic Green in Beijing on 18 July , 2008 .
With just 21 days to go the finishing touches to Olympic venues continues for the opening ceremony on 8 August in the National Stadium better known as the Bird 's Nest .
( PETER PARKS / AFP / Getty Images )
Chinese performers wait to take part in the rehearsals of the Olympic Games opening ceremony to be held at the Bird Nest National Stadium in Beijing , China , Wednesday , July 16 , 2008 .
Full dress rehearsals are conducted under a cloak of secrecy ahead of one of the most anticipated summer Olympic Games .
( AP Photo / Ng Han Guan )
Cleaners abseil down the exterior of the International Broadcasting Centre ( IBC ) building at the Olympic Green in Beijing July 16 , 2008 .
( REUTERS / David Gray )
The Olympic Green in Beijing is seen in this satellite image collected by DigitalGlobe on May 25 , 2008 and released to Reuters July 18 , 2008 .
The National Stadium ( center ) , also known as the Bird 's Nest , the National Aquatics Centre ( lower center ) , also known as the Water Cube , and the Olympic Sports Center Stadium ( top right ) are seen .
( REUTERS / DigitalGlobe / Handout )
A policeman removes a " Sex Shop " sign from a store in Beijing Friday , July 18 , 2008 .
Authorities are conducting a pre-Olympic campaign to rid the city of anything deemed unsightly before thousands of competitors , journalists and tourists arrive for the summer games , which open Aug .
8 . ( AP photo / Greg Baker )
Workers transport flowers to plant in the lake in front of the National Stadium , also known as the Bird 's Nest , in Beijing July 19 , 2008 .
The International Olympic Committee recently praised Beijing for setting a " gold standard for the future " in its preparations for the Games , which begin in less than a month .
( REUTERS / Reinhard Krause )
Policemen hold sticks while preparing for an anti-terrorism drill in Kunming , Yunnan province , July 18 , 2008 .
China will have nearly 100,000 commandos , police and members of the military on standby up to and during the Beijing Olympics to handle potential terrorist attacks , state media reported .
( REUTERS / Wong Campion )
This picture taken on July 18 , 2008 shows the Shatin Olympic Equestrian Venue in Hong Kong .
The southern Chinese city has built state - of - the - art facilities for the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games after the equestrian events were switched from Beijing because of fears of disease .
( PHILIPPE LOPEZ / AFP / Getty Images )
A view of the Olympic Park , commonly known as the Olympic Green , July 6 , 2008 in Beijing , China .
Beijing 's Olympic Green is the core of the Olympic Games and the site of thirteen venues , including the National Stadium and the National Aquatics Center ( center ) .
( Guang Niu / Getty Images )
A Chinese train driver takes the new bullet train on a test run on the new high - speed Beijing - Tianjin express railway in Beijing on June 26 , 2008 .
The train , which is scheduled to start service on August 1 , has set a speed record in China of 394.3 kph on the 115 km newly - built railway .
( STR / AFP / Getty Images )
Beijing subway controllers stand on a subway platform inside a new station near the Olympic Stadium during a media tour in Beijing July 19 , 2008 .
Beijing opened three new subway lines on Saturday , delayed from a planned late - June start but just in time to carry passengers banned from their cars as the capital tries to clean up its skies before next month 's Olympics .
( REUTERS / Darren Whiteside )
Chinese workers clean the bubble shaped surface of the iconic Water Cube National Aquatic Center in Beijing , China , Friday , July 18 , 2008 .
One of the highlights of the Beijing Olympic Games will be some of the visibly stunning sporting venues .
( AP Photo / Ng Han Guan )
A view of cooling towers at a Shougang Group steel plant on the outskirts of Beijing July 17 , 2008 .
The head of Shougang Group on Thursday smiled with satisfaction over this week 's four days of blue skies , even as smoke and steam still wreathed his steel plant less than a month before the Olympics .
Beijing has ordered polluting plants in the capital city and surrounding provinces to either shut or meet emissions standards , to reduce air pollution during the Olympic Games that begin on August 8 . ( REUTERS / Darren Whiteside )
Paramilitary policemen take part in an oath - taking ceremony to ensure the safety of the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games outside the National Stadium , also known as the Bird 's Nest , at the Olympic Green in Beijing , July 16 , 2008 .
( REUTERS / Joe Chan )
In this Jan. 23 , 2008 , the construction site of the new China Central Television headquarters building is seen in Beijing .
The building 's two angled towers were connected in December to form a continuous loop of horizontal and vertical sections .
The spectacular 230 meter ( 755 foot ) building , one of Beijing 's tallest , will house more than 10,000 staff .
( AP Photo / Greg Baker , file )
Heavy smog shrouds the historic Forbidden City in Beijing on July 8 , 2008 .
Pollution levels soared in the capital exactly one month before the start of the summer Olympic Games on August 8 , a sign that pollution still remained one of the biggest challenges to the event .
( MARK RALSTON / AFP / Getty Images )
Chinese men wearing suits with lights wait to take part in the rehearsals of the Olympic Games opening ceremony in Beijing , China , Wednesday , July 16 , 2008 .
Full dress rehearsals are conducted under a cloak of secrecy ahead of one of the most anticipated summer Olympic Games .
( AP Photo / Ng Han Guan )
A Chinese man plays with his son near his partially demolished house at the Qianmen hutong in Beijing Sunday , June 8 , 2008 .
Beijing , one of the fabulous cities of antiquity , is experiencing reconstructions to look more modern for the coming summer Olympic games .
( AP Photo / Andy Wong )
A visitor walks down a once historical street that belongs to Beijing 's oldest neighbourhoods but has now been turned into the city 's newest tourist attraction on June 17 , 2008 .
Beijing city and local banks have poured 9.2 billion yuan ( 1.3 billion USD ) into restoration work on Qianmen Street , they claim that their goal is to restore it to its former glory a century ago during the Qing dynasty ( 1644 -1911 ) , however critics have charged that the street has been turned into a Disney - style version of old China that bears little resemblence to reality .
( PETER PARKS / AFP / Getty Images )
More links and information :
Beijing goes to extremes for its Olympic face - lift - LATimes.com 7/21
Cities Near Beijing Close Factories to Improve Air for Olympics - NYTimes.com 7/7
Jet Lag Is No Sweat , but Just Try to Beat the Heat and the Smog - NYTimes.com 7/16
China to Bar Entertainers
It Deems Threat - NYTimes.com 7/18
Official Site Beijing 2008 Games
2008 Olympics - NYT
Topics page
The fall in house prices was greater than expected House prices fell by 2.5 % in March , the biggest monthly decline since September 1992 , much more than many analysts had forecast , the Halifax has said .
House prices are now 1.1 % higher than they were a year ago , the slowest annual growth rate for 12 years .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown said that the UK was feeling the impact of problems from the global credit crunch .
But despite the drop in prices , he said the UK was well placed to deal with the economic woes .
The prime minister said the Halifax 's figures should be seen in the context of 10 years of big increases and low interest rates .
Speaking to the BBC , Mr Brown said the number of UK homes being repossessed was a " fraction of what happened in the early ' 90s " .
Extra help for first - time buyers
The government was not a " spectator " and was " always vigilant " on global economic difficulties , he added .
Mr Brown said the government would monitor the situation and was planning to meet the Council of Mortgage Lenders ( CML ) and other industry representatives next week to discuss if any action was needed to help borrowers .
Adjustment time ?
The Halifax , along with all other market commentators , is now convinced a big slowdown is under way .
" We are definitely seeing an adjustment in the housing market , " said Martin Ellis , chief economist at the Halifax .
" I am surprised that we have seen a fall of quite this extent , but of course we have been seeing some falls in previous months , so it 's not surprising that there 's actually been a decline during the month . "
For the first three months of the year , the Halifax said prices fell by 1.1 % to a UK - wide average of £ 191,556 , according to its data .
Using this figure , the average house price fell by £ 4,912 in March .
However Mr Ellis said that the housing market was underpinned by a healthy employment environment and a steady economy .
Shrinking mortgages Separate figures from the CML on Tuesday highlighted the rapid contraction of the mortgage market under the impact of the global credit crunch .
Since last autumn , this has restricted the ability of banks and building societies to lend money to customers .
The Halifax 's announcement that house prices suffered their biggest fall since the housing crash of the early 1990s will force many people to stop , pause and gulp
Nick Robinson
BBC political editor
Read Nick 's blog Brown " vigilant " over economy
This has led to lenders shrinking the range of mortgages on offer , demanding much higher deposits from borrowers , and raising their interest rates on certain deals .
The CML figures indicated that in the three months to February , lending to first - time buyers was at its lowest level since early 1975 .
The number of mortgages granted in February to all groups of home buyers was running at its lowest level since 1992 .
Falling prices
The Halifax has also revised its predictions for 2008 and now expects prices to fall over the course of this year .
Rival lender Nationwide took a similar stance earlier this month after reporting that prices had fallen for five months in a row .
Analysts said that the weaker - than - expected data from the Halifax would raise expectations that the Bank of England would cut interest rates by at least 25 basis points to 5 % on Thursday .
AVERAGE UK HOUSE PRICES October 2007 : £ 197,000 November 2007 : £ 194,500 December 2007 : £ 197,163 January 2008 : £ 197,243 February 2008 : £ 196,465 March 2008 : £ 191,556 Source : Halifax
( seasonally adjusted figures )
However , because the lack of liquidity in money markets is making it more expensive for banks to borrow , a rate cut would not necessarily be passed on to mortgage holders , observers say .
" The sharp fall in the Halifax house price index in March highlights the growing pressure on the residential market as lenders continue to scale back their activity in the market , " said Simon Rubinsohn , chief economist of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors ( Rics ) .
" Loan - to - value ratios are being lowered at the same point as borrowing rates are being raised , putting increasing pressure on first - time buyers who are having to find ever larger deposits , " he added .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Is Your Student Loan Safe ?
College students scramble to get new loans as dozens of lenders drop out .
July 30 , 2008  --
Forget back - to - school shopping :
With just a few weeks to go before the start of the fall semester , many college students are doing some last - minute student - loan shopping as more and more cash - strapped lenders drop out of the student loan business .
Texas A&M University financial aid director Delisa Falks said that in the last few days , the university has heard from seven different lenders saying they could no longer provide federally guaranteed loans .
It 's a problem that has been ongoing nationwide for months , leaving many students with fewer options for financing their college educations .
How Is the Economy Treating You ?
Tell ABC News
Falks said that while there are many other lenders to take the place of the recently discontinued lenders , " it 's very disappointing that it 's gone this way in the student loan industry . "
Student loan companies traditionally raise capital by selling bonds , but as a fallout from the subprime housing meltdown continues to shake the country 's financial sector , investors have become wary about putting their money into student loans .
As a result , " lenders have been having a hard time raising enough capital to continue making loans , " said Justin Draeger , a spokesman with the National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators .
" The whole problem in the capital markets started with mortgages and has drifted down , " said Thomas Graf , the executive director of the Massachusetts Educational Financing Authority ( MEFA ) , which this week announced that it would not provide funding to 40,000 students and families .
" Difficulty in the capital markets in the last few months has made it extremely difficult for us to secure funding for the fall season , " Graf told ABC News .
Lenders have had another reason to exit the student loan market : a change to federal law last fall cut interest rates on government - backed loans and reduced subsidies to lenders , making student loans less profitable .
About 100 Lenders Suspend Funding
Since March , roughly 100 U.S. lenders have suspended their government - backed student loan programs while nearly 30 have also stopped their private student loan programs , according to the NASFAA statistics .
( Find the NASFAA list here . )
MEFA , a state non-profit agency , had already announced in April that it would not be providing government - backed student loans .
This week 's announcement pertained to low - cost private loans .
The suspension of MEFA loans and others have led students and families to scramble for alternatives .
Lynne Meyers , the director of financial aid at College of the Holy Cross , said that on Tuesday alone , her office received 120 applications for PLUS loans , government - backed loans that parents take out on behalf of their children .
Kaitlin Sullivan , 19 , was among those filing an application .
Though applying for a new loan meant more paperwork for Sullivan , the sophomore took it in stride .
" The financial aid office sent me all the information that I needed to know , and they assured me that if I followed the steps , I 'd be all set , " she said .
" That 's what I 've done . "
But PLUS loans do n't work for everyone .
Dyneche Duffield , 18 , of Nacogdoches , Texas , comes from a single - parent household .
She and her mother , she said , do n't receive financial support from her father , and while Duffield has obtained federal student loans , her mom 's poor credit history has kept her from qualifying for a PLUS loan .
Instead , Duffield , an incoming freshman at Houston Baptist University , is now applying for private loans , which generally have higher interest rates than federally - backed loans like PLUS .
( PLUS loan interest rates are currently 8.5 percent ; interest rates on federal Stafford loans are 6 percent this year . )
Duffield has noticed the decline in student lenders .
Her local bank , she said , used to offer student loans but recently stopped .
" I would have much rather taken out a loan there than somewhere where I did n't know anyone , " she said .
Federal Government Help
NASFAA 's Draeger said the federal government has taken steps to shore up the student loan market through the Ensuring Continued Access To Student Loans Act , which was signed into law in May .
Among other measures , it allows the U.S. Department of Education to buy government - backed loans from student lenders , thereby providing lenders with more capital that they can then use to make new loans .
The bill passed Congress and hit the president 's desk " very fast , " Draeger said .
" Everyone 's on the same page -- no one wants to see a student denied any access to a federal student loan . "
Draeger conceded , however , that the credit crunch means that private loans will be harder to obtain .
Charlene Haykel , the CEO of Simply College Aid , a company that advises families on financial aid , advised that when it comes to private loans , students and families should start their research and planning early -- ideally by January of a student 's junior year of high school .
" They have to be much more vigilant , " Haykel said .
Students and parents should treat their search for college funding , she said , " like a job . "
" Too often , kids wait until the last minute , " she said , " and get into very high - debt situations . "
ABC News ' Aaron Katersky contributed to this report .
DIGG THIS
Once again , I suspect we are stuck with $ 4 - a - gallon gasoline for the foreseeable future .
That ’s $ 4 and more , I should say .
I see nothing on the horizon that would lower the price .
Certainly the political rhetoric coming from both Democrats and Republicans will not do it .
There are several roosting chickens that are the cause of the high price .
First , there is the devalued U.S. dollar .
Our dollar is just piece of paper , backed by or tied to nothing .
Therefore , its purchasing power depends in a large part on how many dollars are in circulation .
When lots of dollars chase relatively fewer goods , prices go up .
We call that inflation .
When there are more goods than dollars to buy them , prices go down .
We call that deflation .
For many years now , Congress has been spending more than it takes in .
That excess is borrowed from the Federal Reserve , which creates its money out of thin air with a keystroke .
The borrowed dollars are then spent into the economy , along with all the borrowed dollars spent by the private sector .
While the money supply can be increased with a keystroke and a vote in Congress , goods and services have to be created by labor and capital .
It ’s no surprise that there is soon more money than there are goods and services .
People with oil to sell want to compensate for the lost purchasing power of the dollar , so that ’s part of the price increase .
That ’s chicken No. 1 .
Demand is chicken No. 2 .
When demand exceeds supply , the price will be bid up .
Right now , supply meets demand , but not by a large margin .
This makes buyers of oil nervous .
When American and Israeli war nuts yak about bombing Iran , the price of oil tends to be bid up .
Ditto when rebels in Nigeria sabotage or attempt to sabotage oil production in that country .
With the narrow margin between supply and demand , any political instability that threatens to disrupt supply will affect the price .
Also pressuring the demand side is the growing industrialization of countries like India , China , Brazil and Russia .
Chicken No. 3 is a shortage of refining capacity .
This is due mainly to environmental laws , especially those that encourage lawsuits , and to the not - in - my - backyard mind - set .
It is such an expensive hassle to build a refinery that not enough have been built .
In my childhood , I lived a short walk from the world ’s largest refineries .
The air stunk , but we got used to it .
People in Port Arthur , Texas , used to say it was just the smell of money .
A basic fact is that you cannot have both a pristine environment and an industrialized economy .
A compromise has to be struck .
When America was largely a pristine wilderness , it was a dirt - poor country .
The final chicken is a concept called peak oil .
Peak oil is when you ’ve found all the oil there is to find , and production begins an inevitable decline .
That ’s when the bidding war will really get hot — possibly hot enough to ignite real wars .
Nobody knows for sure when the world will reach peak oil , but more and more people are beginning to see it in the relatively near future .
That ’s probably the true reason for the U.S. ’s heavy military presence in the Middle East .
I call all these factors chickens that have come home to roost because they have all been known for decades .
For you young folks , let me tell you that politicians in Washington have been talking about the energy crisis , energy independence , etc. , since the 1970s , and their talk has produced nothing .
Vibrating one ’s vocal chords does not turn a shovel of dirt or drill a half - inch .
So I will make one prediction :
As the cost of energy continues to rise , the influence of extreme environmentalists will decline .
If Americans ca n’t have both , they ’ll choose the smell of money over fresh air .
Charley Reese [ send him mail ] has been a journalist for 49 years .
The Best of Charley Reese
LONDON  Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced Monday that Britain and the European Union would freeze the overseas assets of Iran ’s largest commercial bank , joining the United States in intensifying financial pressure against Iran over its refusal to address international concern over its nuclear activities .
Mr. Brown , appearing with President Bush after discussions here , also pledged to send additional troops to Afghanistan , and indicated that he would not bend to political pressure at home to withdraw British forces in southern Iraq more quickly .
Both leaders said that they remained open to resolving the dispute with Iran diplomatically , but only after it suspended uranium enrichment , which Mr. Bush and others have said is aimed at developing nuclear weapons .
Iran ’s leaders insist the nuclear program is for peaceful purposes .
Iran gave a chilly reception to a proposal from Western powers that was delivered Saturday .
The proposal offered economic and diplomatic incentives to Iran to suspend its enrichment and to begin talks to resolve questions about its nuclear work .
While Iran has not formally responded , President Bush said Saturday that it had rejected the offer .
Cheney Aides Altered CDC Testimony , Agency Official Says
by : Juliet Eilperin , The Washington Post
Ex-administrator says official from vice president ’s office edited out six pages .
Members of Vice President ’s Dick Cheney ’s staff censored congressional testimony by a top federal official on the health threats posed by global warming , a former Environmental Protection Agency official said today .
In a letter to Sen. Barbara Boxer ( D - Calif. ) , who chairs the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , former EPA deputy associate administrator Jason K. Burnett said an official from Cheney ’s office edited out six pages from the testimony of Julie Gerberding , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , last October .
Several media outlets , including The Washington Post , reported at the time that Gerberding had planned to say that “ CDC considers climate change a serious public health concern , ” among other passages .
Boxer said the administration feared that Gerberding 's testimony would force it to regulate greenhouse gas emissions from burning fossil fuels .
The White House has opposed mandatory limits and insisted that voluntary measures and increased research are the best way to address the problem .
" The Council on Environmental Quality ( CEQ ) and the Office of the Vice President ( OVP ) were seeking deletions to the CDC testimony , " Burnett , a 31 - year old Stanford - trained economist and a Democrat , wrote in response to an inquiry from Boxer 's committee .
" CEQ requested that I work with CDC to remove from the testimony any discussion of the human health consequences of climate change . "
Burnett , a member of the wealthy Packard family , has given more than $ 100,000 to Democratic campaigns in recent years , including $ 3,600 to Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama ( Ill . ) .
He did not identify who in the vice president 's office called him .
" I 'm not interested in pointing fingers at any individual , " he said at a press conference with Boxer this morning , adding he was focused on seeing how the federal government will address climate change in response to last year 's Supreme Court decision requiring EPA to deal with the issue of rising carbon dioxide emissions .
" I 'm interested in helping inform the next administration to help make those decisions , while recognizing Congress could act to pass a better law . "
Boxer demanded that , in light of Burnett 's allegations , EPA administrator Stephen L. Johnson turn over " every document related to the agency 's finding that global warming poses a danger to the public " - a determination the EPA reached late last year - and issue a rule finding that greenhouse gases endanger public welfare .
The White House has refused to open the email making that finding , which Burnett sent over on Dec. 5 , thereby leaving the recommendation in limbo .
" I 'm calling on Mr. Johnson to act now , and if he does n't have the courage or the strength or determination to act , he should resign , " Boxer said .
Cheney spokeswoman Lea Anne McBride declined to comment in detail on Burnett 's allegations , saying , " We do n't comment on internal deliberations . "
However White House spokesman Tony Fratto noted that White House officials in past administrations have vetted congressional testimony from agency officials .
" There 's absolutely nothing unusual here in terms of the inter - agency review process , whether it 's testimony , rules or anything else , " Fratto said in an interview .
" The process exists so that other offices and departments have the opportunity to comment and offer their views .
There 's nothing unusual about that , there 's nothing nefarious about that , and there 's nothing different here from previous administrations . "
Frank O'Donnell , who heads the advocacy group Clean Air Watch , said the latest revelations confirm that the vice president has been steering the nation 's environmental policy during President Bush 's tenure .
" For years we 've suspected that Cheney was the puppeteer for administration policy on global warming , " O'Donnell said .
" This kiss - and - tell account appears to confirm the worst . "
( Original Article )
DIGG THIS
Poetic justice is rare in this world , which makes what happened recently at Mineta San Jose International Airport all the more satisfying .
A passenger suffering one of the Transportation Security Administration ’s ( TSA ) unconstitutional searches suddenly remembered the canister of pepper spray in his bag and warned his assailant about it .
“ The TSA agent took it out and was going to put it into the hazardous waste disposal … " said Rich Dressler , the airport ’s spokesman .
But that would have been too easy , and anyway there ’s the TSA ’s tradition of incompetence to uphold .
So the screener " accidentally discharged " the thing instead .
He took out nine of those happy , helpful Americans the TSA pays to paw us ( presumably including himself , though reports were n’t clear ) .
Pepper spray disables everyone in the vicinity , not just direct targets .
Yet Dressler insists that " no other passengers or airport employees were affected and no flights were delayed . "
So the justice is pure .
The agency did n’t even detain the poor guy from whom it swiped the spray because he " cooperated . "
Police states are big on cooperation .
Meanwhile , witnesses dispute the " official " story , as they often do nowadays in the American aviation gulag .
Someone at flyertalk.com who claims " I was there when this happened " says , " It affected way more than 5 [ sic , according to early reports ] people [ sic for TSA goons ] .
Everyone I could see , ~ 30 people ( including several pilots ) in line at the security X - ray machines were all coughing and wiping their watering eyes … .
the worst part was that none of [ the ] TSA people would tell us what was going on . "
Yep , that sounds like the screeners we all know and loathe .
The episode bolsters those cynics who suspect that TSA means " Thousands Standing Around . "
Screeners cluster so thick you ca n’t swing a dead cat or squirt pepper spray without hitting 9 of them .
And for what ?
During the 6 years that the TSA has been delaying passengers , none of its employees anywhere has discovered a single terrorist .
That is n’t for lack of manpower : the TSA boasts roughly twice as many screeners as Al Qaeda does terrorists .
Estimates of the latter ’s numbers vary , but none put its membership at more than 20,000 , and most are considerably below that .
Jack Cloonan spent six years at the FBI tracking Osama bin Laden .
He laughed when a writer for Harper ’s Magazine " pegged [ Al Qaeda ’s ] membership at several thousand ” and said it mustered only 198 troops in 2001 .
Then came the War on Terror .
Four years later , the Federation of American Scientists ( FAS ) calculated Al Qaeda ’s " members and associates " at several thousand .
The James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies at the Monterey Institute of International Studies in California concurs .
It thinks Al Qaeda has about 2800 militants and another 5000 in training , based on information from " an Arab security service . "
The International Institute for Strategic Studies ( IISS ) errs on the side of safety , with a figure of 20,000 .
The Institute does n’t specify whether that includes the joker in the White House and his puppeteer , though it does warn that their War on Terror has " accelerated " Al Qaeda ’s recruitment .
But what if even 20,000 is lowballing it ?
Say there are actually 30,000 " Islamofascists " trying to blow us sky - high : the TSA still trumps .
It makes work for roughly 45,000 screeners , plus countless " Federal Security Directors " lazing about airports and the TSA ’s lavish headquarters .
If these leeches truly believe in the War on Terror , let them enlist and hunt bad guys Over There instead of harassing innocent passengers Here .
Then again …imagine fat LaWanda in her blue gloves waddling about boot camp … not a pretty picture … the " ka - BOOM ! " of an artillery drill scares her silly — or sillier than she already was … she “ accidentally discharges " her rifle …
Screeners this inept should be turned against America ’s politicians , not her taxpayers .
San Jose ’s " was n’t a first for this type of pepper spray accident at an airport , " according to the Mercury News .
It quotes TSA spokesman Nico Melendez : “ I ca n’t remember where or when exactly , but this has happened before . "
We might consider that a commentary on the agency ’s learning curve , but the TSA sees it as a lesson for passengers : " Melendez said he hoped this experience would remind travelers to leave their self - defense - in - a - can at home . "
Yeah , who needs self - defense when the TSA ’s around ?
This slapstick does n’t come cheap .
The TSA , which annually eats about $ 6 billion of our taxes , has gobbled $ 36 billion since it began operations in 2002 .
That means we ’ve spent $ 1,800,000 to keep each of those 20,000 terrorists off our flights — not counting the Department of Homeland Security ’s billions .
Heck , let ’s disband the TSA and pay off Al Qaeda instead .
Six billion divided among 20,000 terrorists gives every man $ 300,000 per year .
Tell me they ’d rather live in caves than retire to some Mediterranean mansion on our money .
Then again , they might pull a George Bush on us : take our taxes to live in a palace but bomb folks anyway …
I still say it ’s worth a shot .
We could probably even work out a deal for half the amount and save ourselves a bundle .
Best of all , airports can revert to being airports instead of prisons .
They may not be as entertaining when the wardens are n’t Macing each other , but at least we ’ll keep our shoes on .
The Best of Becky Akers
The information for this post was sent to me by a friend to run on Rob ’s Megaphone .
I thought it was really interesting , so I dug a little .
I discovered that this post had made the rounds in the blogosphere – more than once .
What I found most interesting was that more than 200 sites ran this history from the 1500s without verifying its accuracy and with no credit given to the original source .
As it turns out some of the post ’s claims are factual and some of are fictitious .
Have a look at the post , and be sure to check out My Point at the end .
Here ’s the post :
The next time you are washing your hands and complain because the water temperature is n’t just how you like it , think about how things used to be .
Here are some facts about the 1500’s :
Most people got married in June because they took their yearly bath in May , and still smelled pretty good by June .
However , they were starting to smell , so brides carried a bouquet of flowers to hide the body odor .
Hence the custom today of carrying a bouquet when getting married .
Baths consisted of a big tub filled with hot water .
The man of the house had the privilege of the nice clean water , then all the other sons and men , then the women and finally the children .
Last of all the babies .
By then the water was so dirty you could actually lose someone in it .
Hence the saying , ‘ Do n’t throw the baby out with the bath water . ’
Houses had thatched roofs - thick straw - piled high , with no wood underneath .
It was the only place for animals to get warm , so all the cats and other small animals ( mice , bugs ) lived in the roof .
When it rained it became slippery and sometimes the animals would slip and off the roof .
Hence the saying ‘ It ’s raining cats and dogs . ’
There was nothing to stop things from falling into the house .
This posed a real problem in the bedroom where bugs and other droppings could mess up your nice clean bed .
Hence , a bed with big posts and a sheet hung over the top afforded some protection .
That ’s how canopy beds came into existence .
The floor was dirt .
Only the wealthy had something other than dirt .
Hence the saying ‘ dirt poor . ’
The wealthy had slate floors that would get slippery the winter when wet , so they spread thresh ( straw ) on floor to help keep their footing .
As the winter wore on , they added more thresh until when you opened the door it would all start slipping outside .
A piece of wood was placed in the entranceway .
Hence the saying a ‘ thresh hold . ’
In those old days , they cooked in the kitchen with a big kettle that always hung over the fire .
Every day they lit the fire and added things to the pot .
They ate mostly vegetables and did not get much meat .
They would eat the stew for dinner , leaving leftovers in the pot to get cold overnight and then start over the next day .
Sometimes stew had food in it that had been there for quite a while .
Hence the rhyme , ‘ Peas porridge hot , peas porridge cold , peas porridge in the pot nine days old . ’
Sometimes they could obtain pork , which made them feel quite special .
When visitors came over , they would hang up their bacon to show off .
It was a sign of wealth that a man could ‘ bring home the bacon . ’
They would cut off a little to share with guests and would all sit around and ‘ chew the fat . ’
Those with money had plates made of pewter .
Food with high acid content caused some of the lead to leach onto the food , causing lead poisoning death .
This happened most often with tomatoes , so for the next 400 years or so , tomatoes were considered poisonous .
Bread was divided according to status .
Workers got the burnt bottom of the loaf , the family got the middle , and guests got the top , or ‘ upper crust . ’
Lead cups were used to drink ale or whisky .
The combination would sometimes knock the imbibers out for a couple of days .
Someone walking along the road take them for dead and prepare them for burial .
They were laid out on the kitchen table for a couple of days and the family would gather around and eat and drink and wait and see if they would wake up .
Hence the custom of holding a ‘ wake . ’
England is old and small and the local folks started running out of places to bury people .
So they would dig up coffins and would take the bones to a ‘ bone - house ’ and reuse the grave .
When reopening these coffins , 1 out of 25 coffins were found to have scratch marks on the inside and they realized they had been burying people alive .
So they would tie a string on the wrist of the corpse , lead it through the coffin and up through the ground and tie it to a bell .
Someone would have to sit out in the graveyard all night ( the ‘ graveyard shift ’ ) to listen for the bell ; thus , someone could be ‘ saved by the bell ’ or was considered a ‘ dead ringer . ’
My Point :
There ’s clearly a market for information that may or may not be true .
Ripley ’s Believe It Or Not and the National Enquirer come to mind as publications that print both fact and fiction .
I have no problem with these publications ; we know their mission from the outset .
My objection is when fiction is presented as fact .
As far as I ’m concerned no information is better than misinformation unless it is presented as “ true to the best of my knowledge ” or some similar disclaimer .
In a myth - busting article “ Facts ” About the 1500s ? ” published in History - Magazine.com , author Halvor Moorshead sought to separate the popular post ’s fact from fiction .
Have a look at some of the busted myths .
Moorshead clear debunked a few claims , but it turns out that more than one of the original claims may be true ; the problem seems to be less with the popular practices than if the practice started in the 1500s .
Considering the pervasiveness of recycled information together with the credibility given to published print , fact checking is an indispensable step for those who want to be more than another rumor rag .
I have posted about an urban legend or two , but always with a disclaimer as to the uncertainty of the claim ’s authenticity .
For more myth busters , check out http://www.snopes.com and http://urbanlegends.about.com,
Also check here for more information on urban legends .
L ast week 's introduction of new copyright legislation ignited a firestorm with thousands of Canadians expressing genuine shock at provisions that opposition MPs argued would create a " police state . "
As opposition to the copyright bill mounts , the most common question is " why " ?
Why , given the obvious public concern with the bill stretching back to last year , did Industry Minister Jim Prentice plow ahead with rules that confirm many of the public 's worst fears ?
Why did a minority government introduce a bill that appears likely to generate strong opposition from both the Liberals and NDP with limited political gain ?
Why did senior ministers refuse to even meet with many creator and consumer groups who have unsurprisingly voiced disappointment with the bill ?
While Prentice has responded by citing the need to update Canada 's copyright law in order to comply with the World Intellectual Property Organization 's Internet treaties , the reality may be that those treaties have little to do with Bill C - 61 .
Instead , the bill dubbed by critics as the Canadian Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( after the U.S. version of the law ) is the result of an intense public and private campaign waged by the U.S. government to pressure Canada into following its much - criticized digital copyright model .
The U.S. pressure has intensified in recent years , particularly since there is a growing international trend toward greater copyright flexibility with countries such as Japan , New Zealand and Israel either implementing or considering more flexible copyright standards .
The public campaign was obvious .
U.S. ambassador to Canada David Wilkins was outspoken on the copyright issue , characterizing Canadian copyright law as the weakest in the G7 ( despite the World Economic Forum ranking it ahead of the U.S. ) .
The U.S. Trade Representatives Office ( USTR ) made Canada a fixture on its Special 301 Watch list , an annual compilation of countries the U.S. believes have sub-standard intellectual property laws .
The full list contains nearly 50 countries accounting for 4.4 billion people or approximately 70 per cent of the world 's population .
Most prominently , last year U.S. senators Dianne Feinstein and John Cornyn , along with California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger , escalated the rhetoric on Canadian movie piracy , leading to legislative reform that took just three weeks to complete .
The private campaign was even more important .
Sources say that U.S. officials , emboldened by the successful campaign for anti-camcording legislation , upped the ante at the Security and Prosperity Partnership meeting in Quebec last summer .
Canadian officials arrived ready to talk about a series of economic concerns but were quickly rebuffed by their U.S. counterparts , who indicated that progress on other issues would depend upon action on the copyright file .
Those demands were echoed earlier by the USTR , which , according to documents obtained under the Access to Information Act , made veiled threats about " thickening the border " between Canada and the U.S. if Canada refused to put copyright reform on the legislative agenda .
Faced with unrelenting U.S. pressure , the newly installed industry minister was presented with a mandate letter requiring a copyright bill that would meet U.S. approval .
The government promised copyright reform in the October 2007 Speech from the Throne and was set to follow through last December , only to pull back at the last hour in the face of mounting public concern ( Disclosure : I created the Fair Copyright for Canada Facebook group that has more than 48,000 members and played a role in this public opposition ) .
In the months that followed , Prentice 's next attempt to bring the copyright bill forward was stalled by internal cabinet concerns over how the bill would play out in public .
The bill was then repackaged to include the new consumer - focused provisions such as the legalization of recording television shows and the new peer - to - peer download $ 500 damage award .
The heart of the bill , however , remained largely unchanged since satisfying U.S. pressure remained priority number one .
Just after 11:00 a.m. last Thursday , the U.S. got its Canadian copyright bill .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Michael Geist holds the Canada Research Chair in Internet and E- commerce Law at the University of Ottawa , Faculty of Law .
He can reached at mgeist@uottawa.ca or online at www.michaelgeist.ca
Read more about :
KDE 4.1 Beta 2 Release Announcement
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
KDE Project Ships Second Beta of KDE 4.1
Also available in : English
KDE Community Announces Second Beta Release of KDE 4.1
June 24 , 2008 ( The INTERNET ) .
The KDE Community is proud to announce the second beta release of KDE 4.1 .
Beta 2 is aimed at testers , community members and enthusiasts in order to identify bugs and regressions , so that 4.1 can fully replace KDE 3 for end users .
KDE 4.1 beta 2 is available as binary packages for a wide range of platforms , and as source packages .
KDE 4.1 is due for final release in late July 2008 .
After one month has passed since the feature freeze on the KDE 4.1 branch , the KDE hackers have been working on polishing the new features , desktop integration , and documenting and translating the packages .
Several bugfixing sessions have been held and squashed bugs in the beta software .
While there are still bugs left that need to be fixed until the release , KDE 4.1 Beta2 shapes up nicely .
Testing and feedback on this release is appreciated and needed to make KDE 4.1 a splash .
KDE 4.1 Beta 2 with Plasma desktop KDE 4.1 Beta 2 with Plasma desktop
Language bindings for KDE 4.1 in several languages , such as Python , Ruby
Usability improvements and support in Dolphin
Improvements all over the place in Gwenview
Language Bindings
A more complete list of new features in KDE 4.1 is up on Techbase
While most KDE 4.1 applications are written in C++ , language bindings expose the functionality of the KDE libraries to application developers that prefer a different language .
KDE 4.1 comes with support for several other languages , such as Python and Ruby .
The printer applet that has been added in KDE 4.1 is written in Python , fully transparent to the user .
Dolphin matures
Dolphin , KDE4's filemanager has seen several improvements .
The Semantic Desktop with its tagging system The Semantic Desktop with its tagging system
The first bits and pieces of the NEPOMUK Social
Semantic Desktop are becoming visible and more widely applicable .
Support for tagging in Dolphin shows first features coming from this technology , which is developed in a European Research programme .
Seleting files in single click mode Seleting files in single click mode
Selecting files is made easier by
a small + button in the top left corner that selects the file , rather than opens it .
This change makes using the filemanager in single - click mode much easier and prevent accidentally opening files , while being intuitive and easy to use .
New treeview in Dolphin New treeview in Dolphin
Many users have asked for a treeview mode in the detailed list mode .
The
feature has been edited and makes combined with the single click improvments for quick moving and copying of files .
Gwenview polished
Gwenview 's KDE4's default image viewer has been polished further as well .
Options such as the rotate and fullscreen view functions have been put into the direct context of the image , making the application 's user interface less cluttered , minimizing mouse movements and thus making the application more intuitive and easy to use .
A
Gwenview 's overview of a directory Gwenview 's overview of a directory
Gwenview 's thumbnail bar Gwenview 's thumbnail bar
The new emoticons System Settings module
The new emoticons System Settings module
KDE 4.1 Final Release
KDE 4.1 is scheduled for final release on July 29 , 2008 .
This time based release falls six months after the release of KDE 4.0 .
Get it , run it , test it
Community volunteers and Linux / UNIX OS vendors have kindly provided binary packages of KDE 4.0.83 ( Beta 2 ) for most Linux distributions , and Mac OS X and Windows .
Be aware that these packages are not considered ready for production use .
Check your operating system 's software management system .
Compiling KDE 4.1 Beta 2 ( 4.0.83 )
Source Code .
The complete source code for KDE 4.0.83 may be freely downloaded .
Instructions on compiling and installing KDE 4.0.83 are available from the KDE 4.0.83 Info Page , or on TechBase .
Supporting KDE
KDE is a Free Software project that exists and grows only because of the help of many volunteers that donate their time and effort .
KDE is always looking for new volunteers and contributions , whether it is help with coding , bug fixing or reporting , writing documentation , translations , promotion , money , etc .
All contributions are gratefully appreciated and eagerly accepted .
Please read through the Supporting KDE page for further information .
We look forward to hearing from you soon !
About KDE 4
KDE 4 is the innovative Free Software desktop containing lots of applications for every day use as well as for specific purposes .
Plasma is a new desktop shell developed for KDE 4 , providing an intuitive interface to interact with the desktop and applications .
The Konqueror web browser integrates the web with the desktop .
The Dolphin file manager , the Okular document reader and the System Settings control center complete the basic desktop set .
KDE is built on the KDE Libraries which provide easy access to resources on the network by means of KIO and advanced visual capabilities through Qt4 .
Phonon and Solid , which are also part of the KDE Libraries add a multimedia framework and better hardware integration to all KDE applications .
About KDE
KDE is an international technology team that creates free and open source software for desktop and portable computing .
Among KDE 's products are a modern desktop system for Linux and UNIX platforms , comprehensive office productivity and groupware suites and hundreds of software titles in many categories including Internet and web applications , multimedia , entertainment , educational , graphics and software development .
KDE software is translated into more than 60 languages and is built with ease of use and modern accessibility principles in mind .
KDE 's full - featured applications run natively on Linux , BSD , Solaris , Windows and macOS .
Trademark Notices .
KDE ® and the K Desktop Environment® logo are registered trademarks of KDE e.V. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds .
UNIX is a registered trademark of The Open Group in the United States and other countries .
All other trademarks and copyrights referred to in this announcement are the property of their respective owners .
Press Contacts
For more information send us an email :
press@kde.org
No one expects commercials to be word - for - word accurate — not even ads from the U.S. military .
But a new Air Force commercial , about the perils of an attack in space , does more than stretch the truth , a bit .
It snaps the truth into tiny little pieces , experts and former officers say — violating the laws of physics and common sense , while flying in the face everything that ’s known about the world ’s constellation of satellites .
" What if your cell phone calls , your television , your GPS system , even your bank transactions , could be taken out with a single missile ? " the military ad asks .
" They can . "
No , they can ’t .
Not unless there ’s some new missile out there that can strike dozens and dozens of targets , spread out over thousands and thousands of miles .
Even a nuke in space would n’t do the trick .
Communication , television and navigational systems are handled by different arrays of satellites .
Each craft in the constellation is set apart by hundreds , if not thousands , of miles .
And each constellation is thousands of miles from the other .
At least ten thousand miles , for example , separates the arrays of communications and GPS satellites .
The communications birds are typically positioned in geostationary orbit , or GEO , about 22,000 miles away from Earth .
The ring of 32 GPS satellites , on the other hand , circle the planet in a Medium Earth Orbit , or MEO , approximately 12,000 miles up .
There ’s no missile that can hit two targets that far away from one other .
( In fact , there ’s no anti-satellite missile , taking off from Earth , that can even reach GEO or MEO .
China ’s satellite - killing missile only reached up to about 540 miles . )
And even if such a weapon was one day invented , it still would n’t cause much more than hiccups in your GPS or bank service .
Because
" while it is true that a single ASAT [ anti- satellite weapon ] could theoretically take out a single satellite , none of the services mentioned in the commercial rely on a single satellite , " says Brian Weeden , who served nine years in the Air Force ’s space and missile corps .
" I find it distressing that the Air Force would resort to such fear - mongering . "
Take GPS .
There are 24 of those satellites .
Blasting one of them might slow up your car ’s navigational system for a little while .
But one missile could in no way bring down the entire constellation .
" It is impossible , period , " says the Center for Defense Information ’s Theresa Hitchens .
" We do lose satellites , you know .
They die all the time , " adds our own Jeffrey Lewis , an expert on space security ( among other things ) at the New America Foundation .
" When the
Galaxy IV [ telecommunications satellite ] croaked , there was a real problem for the pagers in the U.S .
But we got over it .
Even if you whack one satellite ( which is really a collection of transponders ) , the service could simply lease more space .
The point is that with debris , the harsh environment of outer space and
Murphy ’s Law , that we do n’t have a single satellite in orbit that is irreplaceable .
Because it would go dead at the worst possible time . "
And , of course , not all of the services mentioned in the Air Force ’s ad rely solely on satellites to function .
" Cell phone calls are not , generally speaking , dependent on satellites .
Indeed , that is why they are not called satellite phones , " Lewis quips .
" Nor does television
( or radio ) , with the exception of DirectTV and satellite radio .
So , you lose porn and Howard Stern , but PBS keeps going . "
Even banks — which do use GPS to track the timing of their transactions — have terrestrial , fiber optic backups .
" It is clear that the Air Force is preying on the lack of public understanding of the threat ( and space in general ) in an attempt to convince voters that space is important too and only the US Air Force can protect America in space , ’ Weeden notes .
" After years of trying to convince the politicians that areas such as space situational awareness needed more funding and failing , the Air Force has turned to another method to get its message across : fear . "
Because Air Force Space Command can’t even do that much against the kind of satellite - killing missile depicted in the ad ,
Hitchens observes .
It ’s pretty nigh impossible to protect current LEO [ Low Earth Orbit ] sats unless you have time to move them
( which is doubtful ) and GEO sats are relatively safe only because of the booster power required to get something there .
The primary USAF [ US
Air Force ] efforts at space protection currently center of space situational awareness ( knowing what is happening in space ) , and research on distributed architectures ( i.e. constellations ) and rapid resupply .
The latter two capabilities once developed would help ensure redundant capability but it would n’t " protect " any individual satellite from a DA [ direct assent ] ASAT [ a satellite - striking missile that takes off from Earth ] .
There are also efforts to convince commercial folks to take steps like encryption and electromagnetic hardening ; again nothing to help …
The only sure way at the moment to protect against a DA ASAT
is to bomb the launch pad before it takes off .
The last time I checked ,
Air Force Space Command does not drop bombs .
The anti-satellite ad is part of an $ 81 million marketing push to " reinvigorate America ’s love for fighter jets and high technology , and to highlight the service ’s wartime activity , " as the Washington Post put it .
Most of the commercials in the series make no explicit attempt to recruit new airmen .
And the service is currently looking to pare back , rather than increase , its workforce .
Which leads John Pike , director of GlobalSecurity.org , to say , " I am at a loss to understand the statutory authority under which the US Air Force can spend my money in propagandizing to me that they are doing a great job of spending my money .
This advertising initiative is without precedent , and if it is not illegal it should be . "
Bomb Iran ?
What 's to Stop Us ?
It ’s crazy , but it ’s coming soon – from the same folks who brought us Iraq .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
Unlike the attack on Iraq five years ago , to deal with Iran there need be no massing of troops .
And , with the propaganda buildup already well under way , there need be little , if any , forewarning before shock and awe and pox – in the form of air and missile attacks – begin .
This time it will be largely the Air Force ’s show , punctuated by missile and air strikes by the Navy .
Israeli - American agreement has now been reached at the highest level ; the armed forces planners , plotters and pilots are working out the details .
Emerging from a 90 - minute White House meeting with President George W. Bush on June 4 , Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said the two leaders were of one mind : “ We reached agreement on the need to take care of the Iranian threat .
I left with a lot less question marks [ than ]
I had entered with regarding the means , the timetable restrictions , and American resoluteness to deal with the problem .
George Bush understands the severity of the Iranian threat and the need to vanquish it , and intends to act on that matter before the end of his term in the White House . ”
Does that sound like a man concerned that Bush is just bluff and bluster ?
A member of Olmert ’s delegation noted that same day that the two countries had agreed to cooperate in case of an attack by Iran , and that “ the meetings focused on ‘ operational matters ’ pertaining to the Iranian threat . ”
So bring ‘ em on !
A show of hands please .
How many believe Iran is about to attack the U.S. or Israel ?
You say you missed Olmert ’s account of what Bush has undertaken to do ?
So did I .
We are indebted to intrepid journalist Chris Hedges for including the quote in his article of June 8 , “ The Iran Trap . ”
We can perhaps be excused for missing Olmert ’s confident words about “ Israel ’s best friend ” that week .
Your attention – like mine – may have been riveted on the June 5 release of the findings of the Senate Intelligence Committee regarding administration misrepresentations of pre-Iraq - war intelligence – the so - called “ Phase II ” investigation ( also known , irreverently , as the “ Waiting - for - Godot Study ” ) .
Better late than never , I suppose .
Oversight ?
Yet I found myself thinking :
It took them five years , and that is what passes for oversight ?
Yes , the president and vice president and their courtiers lied us into war .
And now a bipartisan report could assert that fact formally ; and committee chair Jay Rockefeller could sum it up succinctly : “ In making the case for war , the administration repeatedly presented intelligence as fact when in reality it was unsubstantiated , contradicted , or even non-existent .
As a result , the American people were led to believe that the threat from Iraq was much greater than actually existed . ”
But as I listened to Senator Rockefeller , I had this sinking feeling that in five or six years time , those of us still around will be listening to a very similar post mortem looking back on an even more disastrous attack on Iran .
My colleagues and I in Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity ( VIPS ) issued repeated warnings , before the invasion of Iraq , about the warping of intelligence .
And our memoranda met considerable resonance in foreign media .
We could get no ink or airtime , however , in the Fawning Corporate Media ( FCM ) in the U.S.
Nor can we now .
In a same - day critique of Colin Powell ’s unfortunate speech to the U.N. on Feb.
5 , 2003 , we warned the president to widen his circle of advisers “ beyond those clearly bent on a war for which we see no compelling reason and from which we believe the unintended consequences are likely to be catastrophic . ”
It was a no - brainer for anyone who knew anything about intelligence , the Middle East , and the brown noses leading intelligence analysis at the CIA .
Former U.N. senior weapons inspector and former Marine major , Scott Ritter , and many others were saying the same thing .
But none of us could get past the president ’s praetorian guard to drop a memo into his in - box , so to speak .
Nor can we now .
The “ Iranian Threat ” However much the same warnings are called for now with respect to Iran , there is even less prospect that any contrarians could puncture and break through what former White House spokesman Scott McClellan calls the president ’s “ bubble . ”
By all indications , Vice President Dick Cheney and his huge staff continue to control the flow of information to the president .
But , you say , the president cannot be unaware of the far - reaching disaster an attack on Iran would bring ?
Well , this is a president who admits he does not read newspapers , but rather depends on his staff to keep him informed .
And the memos Cheney does brief to Bush pooh - pooh the dangers .
This time no one is saying we will be welcomed as liberators , since the planning does not include – officially , at least – any U.S. boots on the ground .
Besides , even on important issues like the price of gasoline , the performance of the president ’s staff has been spotty .
Think back on the White House press conference of Feb. 28 , when Bush was asked what advice he would give to Americans facing the prospect of $ 4 - a - gallon gasoline .
“ Wait , what did you just say ? ” the president interrupted .
“ You ’re predicting $ 4 - a - gallon gasoline ?
… That ’s interesting .
I had n’t heard that . ”
A poll in January showed that nearly three - quarters of Americans were expecting $ 4 - a - gallon gas .
That forecast was widely reported in late February , and discussed by the White House press secretary at the media briefing the day before the president ’s press conference .
Here ’s the alarming thing : Unlike Iraq , which was prostrate after the Gulf War and a dozen years of sanctions , Iran can retaliate in a number of dangerous ways , launching a war for which our forces are ill - prepared .
The lethality , intensity and breadth of ensuing hostilities will make the violence in Iraq look , in comparison , like a volleyball game between St. Helena ’s High School and Mount St. Ursula .
Cheney ’s Brainchild Attacking Iran is Vice President Dick Cheney ’s brainchild , if that is the correct word .
Cheney proposed launching air strikes last summer on Iranian Revolutionary Guards bases , but was thwarted by the Joint Chiefs of Staff who insisted that would be unwise , according to J. Scott Carpenter , a senior State Department official at the time .
Chastened by the unending debacle in Iraq , this time around Pentagon officials reportedly are insisting on a “ policy decision ” regarding “ what would happen after the Iranians would go after our folks , ” according to Carpenter .
Serious concerns include the vulnerability of the critical U.S. supply line from Kuwait to Baghdad , our inability to reinforce and the eventual possibility that the U.S. might be forced into a choice between ignominious retreat and using , or threatening to use , “ mini- nukes . ”
Pentagon opposition was confirmed in a July 2007 commentary by former Bush adviser Michael Gerson , who noted the “ fear of the military leadership ” that Iran would have “ escalation dominance ” in any conflict with the U.S. Writing in the Washington Post last July , Gerson indicated that “ escalation dominance ” means , “ in a broadened conflict , the Iranians could complicate our lives in Iraq and the region more than we complicate theirs . ”
The Joint Chiefs also have opposed the option of attacking Iran ’s nuclear sites , according to former Iran specialist at the National Security Council , Hillary Mann , who has close ties with senior Pentagon officials .
Mann confirmed that Adm. William Fallon joined the Joint Chiefs in strongly opposing such an attack , adding that he made his opposition known to the White House , as well .
The outspoken Fallon was forced to resign in March , and will be replaced as CENTCOM commander by Gen. David Petraeus – apparently in September .
Petraeus has already demonstrated his penchant to circumvent the chain of command in order to do Cheney ’s bidding ( by making false claims about Iranian weaponry in Iraq , for example ) .
In sum , a perfect storm seems to be gathering in late summer or early fall .
Controlled Media
The experience of those of us whose job it was to analyze the controlled media of the Soviet Union and China for insights into Russian and Chinese intentions have been able to put that experience to good use in monitoring our own controlled media as they parrot the party line .
Suffice it to say that the FCM is already well embarked , a la Iraq , on its accustomed mission to provide stenographic services for the White House to indoctrinate Americans on the “ threat ” from Iran and prepare them for the planned air and missile attacks .
At least this time we are spared the “ mushroom cloud ” bugaboo .
Neither Bush nor Cheney wish to call attention , even indirectly , to the fact that all 16 U.S. intelligence agencies concluded last November that Iran had stopped nuclear weapons - related work in 2003 and had not resumed it as of last year .
In a pre-FCM age , it would have been looked on as inopportune , at the least , to manufacture intelligence to justify another war hard on the heels of a congressional report that on Iraq the administration made significant claims not supported by the intelligence .
But ( surprise , surprise ! ) the very damning Senate Intelligence Committee report got meager exposure in the media .
So far it has been a handful of senior military officers that have kept us from war with Iran .
It hardly suffices to give them vocal encouragement , or to warn them that the post WW - II Nuremberg Tribunal ruled explicitly that “ just - following - orders ” is no defense when war crimes are involved .
And still less when the “ supreme international crime ” – a war of aggression is involved .
Senior officers trying to slow the juggernaut lumbering along toward an attack on Iran have been scandalized watching what can only be described as unconscionable dereliction of duty in the House of Representatives , which the Constitution charges with the duty of impeaching a president , vice president or other senior official charged with high crimes and misdemeanors .
Where Are You , Conyers ?
In 2005 , before John Conyers became chair of the House Committee on the Judiciary , he introduced a bill to explore impeaching the president and was asked by Lewis Lapham of Harpers why he was for impeachment then .
He replied : “ To take away the excuse that we did n’t know .
So that two , or four , or ten years from now , if somebody should ask , ‘ Where were you , Conyers , and where was the U.S. Congress ? ’ when the Bush administration declared the Constitution inoperative … none of the company here present can plead ignorance or temporary insanity [ or ] say that ‘ somehow it escaped our notice . ’”
In the three years since then , the train of abuses and usurpations has gotten longer and Conyers has become chair of the committee .
Yet he has dawdled and dawdled , and has shown no appetite for impeachment .
On July 23 , 2007 , Conyers told Cindy Sheehan , Rev. Lennox Yearwood , and me that he would need 218 votes in the House and they were not there .
A week ago , 251 members of the House voted to refer to Conyers ’ committee the 35 Articles of Impeachment proposed by Congressman Dennis Kucinich .
Former Congresswoman Elizabeth Holtzman , who sat on Judiciary with Conyers when it voted out three articles of impeachment on President Richard Nixon , spoke out immediately : “ The House should commence an impeachment inquiry forthwith . ”
Much of the work has been done .
As Holtzman noted , Kucinich ’s Articles of Impeachment , together with the Senate report that on Iraq we were led to war based on false pretenses – arguably the most serious charge – go a long way toward jump - starting any additional investigative work Congress needs to do .
And seldom mentioned is the voluminous book published by Conyers himself , “ Constitution in Crisis , ” containing a wealth of relevant detail on the crimes of the current executive .
Conyers ’ complaint that there is not enough time is a dog that wo n’t hunt , as Lyndon Johnson would say .
How can Conyers say this one day , and on the next say that if Bush attacks Iran , well then , the House may move toward impeachment .
Afraid of the media ?
During the meeting last July with Cindy Sheehan , Rev. Yearwood and me , and during an interview in December on “ Democracy Now , ” Conyers was surprisingly candid in expressing his fear of Fox News and how it could paint Democrats as divisive if they pursued impeachment .
Ironically , this time it is Fox and the rest of the FCM that is afraid – witness their virtual silence on Kucinich ’s very damning 35 Articles of Impeachment .
The only way to encourage constructive media attention would be for Conyers to act .
The FCM could be expected to fulminate against that , but they could not afford to ignore impeachment , as they are able to ignore other unpleasant things – like preparations for another “ war of choice . ”
I would argue that perhaps the most effective way to prevent air and missile attacks on Iran and a wider Middle East war is to proceed as Elizabeth Holtzman urges – with impeachment “ forthwith . ”
Does Conyers not owe at least that much encouragement to those courageous officers who have stood up to Cheney in trying to prevent wider war and catastrophe in the Middle East ?
Scott McClellan has been quite clear in reminding us that once the president decided to invade Iraq , he was not going to let anything stop him .
There is ample evidence that Bush has taken a similar decision with respect to Iran – with Olmert as his chief counsel , no less .
It is getting late , but this is due largely to Conyers ’ own dithering .
Now , to his credit , Dennis Kucinich has forced the issue with 35 well - drafted Articles of Impeachment .
What the country needs is the young John Conyers back .
Not the one now surrounded by fancy lawyers and held in check by the House leaders .
In October 1974 , after he and the even younger Elizabeth Holtzman faced up to their duty on House Judiciary and voted out three Articles of Impeachment on President Richard Nixon , Conyers wrote this : “ This inquiry was forced on us by an accumulation of disclosures which , finally and after unnecessary delays , could no longer be ignored … Impeachment is difficult and it is painful , but the courage to do what must be done is the price of remaining free . ”
Someone needs to ask John Conyers if he still believes that ; and , if he does , he must summon the courage to “ do what must be done . ”
Ray McGovern works with Tell the Word , the publishing arm of the ecumenical Church of the Saviour in inner-city Washington .
He was Army intelligence / infantry officer and a CIA analyst for 27 years , and now serves on the Steering Group of Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity ( VIPS ) .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
( Natural News )
Sticking more closely to a Mediterranean diet may lead to a longer life , according to a new study published in the .
The researchers say that the study is the first to examine a connection between the diet and mortality in a U.S. population .
Researchers examined data on more than 160,000 women and 200,000 men who had filled out detailed questionnaires about their eating habits , weight , age , smoking status and other factors known to affect health .
The researchers then ranked participants based on how closely they held to either a traditional Mediterranean diet or an alternate Mediterranean diet .
Participants scored higher for adherence to a traditional Mediterranean diet if they ate more fruits and nuts , grains , beans , fish and vegetables ( excluding potatoes ) , and if they ate less dairy , meat or saturated fat .
Those who drank a moderate amount of alcohol , defined as five to 25 grams per day for women and 10 to 50 grams per day for men , also scored higher .
The alternative Mediterranean diet was scored similarly , but included only whole ( not refined ) grains , did not include dairy products , counted fruits and nuts separately , used the same alcohol standard for men and women , and deducted points for meat only if it was red or processed .
The people who stuck most closely to either Mediterranean diet were significantly less likely to die during the first five years after the surveys were taken .
Among women who followed the alternate Mediterranean diet most closely , mortality was reduced by 22 percent , with mortality form heart disease 21 percent lower and deaths from cancer lowered by 14 percent .
The numbers for men were similar .
The association between the Mediterranean diet and decreased mortality seemed strongest among smokers , particularly smokers who were of healthy body weight .
Among both smokers and non-smokers , those who were obese did not appear to have their lives lengthened by the Mediterranean diet .
ALWAR , India ( CNN ) --
At birth , Usha Chaumar 's life story had already been written .
So - called scavengers collect the garbage , feces and urine of higher caste people .
Illiterate and married off at age 10 , Chaumar was forced into the only livelihood her family has known for generations .
As a Dalit , the lowest level in India 's complex caste system , she was a so - called scavenger , a person who collects the garbage , feces and urine of other higher caste people .
In the eyes of many , that would make her too disgusting to touch .
" They used to call me all kind of names , '' Chaumar , now 33 , said .
" I used to feel very bad .
but what could I do ?
I did n't have any work to do but this job . "
Traditionally , the age - old Hindu caste system is a social hierarchy that determines what occupation a person should pursue .
Broadly , the system has four major castes and thousands of sub-castes .
At the upper rung are Brahmins , the priestly class ; followed by the Kshatriya or warrior caste ; the Vaishya , the trading community ; and the Shudras -- trades like carpenters , barbers and metalworkers .
The Dalits are involved in menial professions that no one else wants .
Hundreds of thousands of Indians are believed to fall in this category .
Officially , the caste system has been outlawed , but millennia of tradition have left deep dividing lines in Indian society .
Do n't Miss In The Field blog :
The untouchables
In The Field blog : The untouchables Sulabh International Social Service Organisation
Sulabh International Social Service Organisation United Nations Development Programme
In the town of Alwar in the northern state of Rajasthan , there are about 300 so - called " untouchable " women working in this profession .
For her efforts , Chaumar got paid $ 7 to $ 10 a month .
But it helped to feed her three children .
India has laws against " manual scavenging , " as it is called .
But the work is still around , in part because of the poor sanitation system in India .
In many parts of the country , especially in rural India , many toilets are dry bucket toilets ( named for the way they are shaped ) that are not hooked up to any pipes .
The waste just drops to the ground below .
Manju Atwal says she cleans 20 - 25 bucket toilets a month and makes about $ 20 per month , which helps feed her six children .
" For the past 20 years my life has n't been a life .
The world treats us like insects , " Atwal said .
" I want to walk upright , get a good job and get rid of this dirty work so the world would n't oppose us .
We want to walk with the world , " Atwal said .
Watch as Manju cleans her neighbors ' waste »
Now 56 former " untouchable " women from Alwar are getting their wish .
They are quitting their demeaning jobs and walking with their heads held high , no longer invisible to those around them .
Dr. Bindeswar Pathak of Sulabh International is their guide .
" I saw their conditions , and I thought they were living like ... pigs , " Dr. Pathak said .
" So why not give them some alternative jobs ... to do something else . "
Dr. Pathak happens to be from India 's highest caste .
His interest in helping Dalits began at an early age .
" While I was a child at 13 years old , I touched an untouchable .
For that my grandmother forced me to swallow cow dung , cow urine and Ganges water to purify myself , " Pathak said .
He was dismayed at the experience and for the past 40 years has made it his mission to elevate the downtrodden .
So far , his organization says it 's helped more than 60,000 " untouchables " and installed more than a million of its eco-friendly , humane toilets in India alone .
The United Nations Development Program estimates 2.6 billion people do not have access to a clean and safe place to go to the toilet .
It is a recipe for deadly disease .
The U.N. deemed 2008 the Year of Sanitation to bring awareness to the importance of proper sanitation .
Dr. Pathak and the former " untouchables " of Alwar were invited to New York to illustrate that point and also be honored .
Pathak took 36 of the women to the United Nations , the women 's first trip outside India .
In New York , the spotlight shone on the women , as they strode down the runway modeling the blue saris that they now design and tailor .
The former sanitation workers used to spend their lives covering their faces so they did not upset those around them .
Now they are objects of admiration .
Usha Chaumar was singled out for her amazing accomplishments :
She can read and write now and is no longer doing the dirtiest of work .
She was crowned " Princess of Sanitation Workers " at the United Nations .
Watch Chaumar wear the crown and describe her life before »
It is a title that will take time to get used to after being treated like dirt for most of her life .
" I am overjoyed getting this honor in New York and wearing this crown , " Usha said .
" There was a time when there was only filth on my head , and now it has a gold crown . "
All About India
Not all beautiful frogs depicted here are poisonous , but those who are - can be very deadly indeed .
The most poisonous animal is not a snak ...
Updated Security researchers have devised a rootkit capable of covertly monitoring and controlling Cisco routers .
Sebastian Muniz , of Core Security , plans to demo Cisco IOS rootkit software he developed during a presentation at the EuSecWest conference in London on 22 May .
Rootkits are malicious packages used to hide the presence of malware on compromised systems .
Generally such packages are designed to allow Trojan backdoors on desktop computer or servers to escape detection by anti-virus scanners .
The technology started off in the toolboxes of Unix hackers , but over the last three or four years , it has become more commonly associated with compromised Windows systems .
The issue of Windows rootkits rose to public prominence after Sony BMG Music ( rather inadvisedly ) used rootkit - like technology in a bid to prevent unauthorised CD copying .
Muniz 's is reckoned to be the first researcher to apply rootkits to systems running Cisco IOS software .
His work builds on the pioneering work of security researcher Michael Lynn , who controversially demonstrated interactive shell code for Cisco ’s proprietary Internetworking Operating System ( IOS ) during Blackhat 2005 .
Muniz has developed techniques for applying rootkit technology to embedded systems , such as routers running Cisco IOS .
He is due to repeat a demo of his software at the Black Hat conference in Vegas in August , as an abstract for his proposed talk explains .
Different ways to infect a target IOS will be shown like run-time patching and image binary patching .
To discuss the binary patching technique from a practical point of view , a set of Python scripts that provides a the methods to insert a generic rootkit implementation called DIK ( Da Ios root Kit ) will be introduced and it 's done in plain C for IOS .
Also other techniques like run-time image infection will be discussed in detail .
" An IOS rootkit is able to perform the tasks that any other rootkit would do on desktop computer operating systems , " Muniz told IDG .
Hackers hoping to plant the rootkit would first need to obtain admin login credentials so that they could install software on networking devices , perhaps by using a separate exploit .
But once planted such rootkits could be used to carry out all sorts of mischief .
Muniz does n't intend to release his software .
He hopes his talk will dispel the belief that rootkits for networking kit are impossible in the same way that Lynn 's talk showed how it might be possible to plant malware onto routers .
Muniz explained : " I 've done this with the purpose of showing that IOS rootkits are real , and that appropriate security measures must be taken " . ®
Update
In a statement sent to subscribers of Cisco 's security mailing list early on Friday the networking giant said it was closely monitoring Muniz 's rootkit research , which he has shared with the IT heavyweight .
Cisco downplayed talk about possible exploits based on the approach while advising network admins to follow best practice in securing their systems .
The Cisco PSIRT is aware of new , ongoing research on the topic of third party malicious code ( also known as " rootkits " ) running on Cisco IOS devices .
Cisco Systems is currently in the process of analyzing the information available to us on the issue .
We will update this security response as more information becomes available .
As of the time of this posting , there has been no indication of the discovery of a new vulnerability in Cisco IOS .
To the best of our knowledge , there is no exploit code available and Cisco Systems has not received any customer reports of exploitation .
Cisco recommends following industry best - practices to improve the security of all network devices .
Risks against Cisco IOS devices can be mitigated by following the best practices detailed in the document titled " Cisco Guide to Harden Cisco IOS Devices " , which is available here .
Cisco went on to thank Muniz and Core Security for working with it " towards the goal of keeping Cisco networks and the internet , as a whole , secure " .
The Department ranked fourth in the UK in mathematical sciences for the quality of its research outputs , with 31 % of its work judged world - leading ( 4* ) and 56 % internationally excellent ( 3* ) in the 2014 Research Excellence Framework ( REF ) .
Research activity is focused on analysis , disordered systems , financial mathematics , geometry , number theory , statistics , theoretical physics , mathematical & molecular biomedicine and probability .
GOP fills faux Obama Facebook site with ' usual suspects '
The Republican National Committee has added a new feature to its growing online arsenal of Obama attacks : A fake Facebook profile portending to illustrate a series of Democratic Presidential Candidate Barack Obama 's " notable associations . "
The Web site , BarackBook.com , is a collection of campaign smears and attempts at guilt - by - association , with an emphasis on illustrating Obama 's most controversial personal connections .
" William Ayers has updated his profile , " reads one line .
" Antoin ' Tony ' Rezko is now friends with Nadhmi Auchi , " states the next .
And further : " Barack Obama and William Ayers are now friends with Marilyn Katz " .
Clicking on the names leads readers to Facebook - like information sheets attacking Obama 's past associations , substantive or not , on a variety of fronts .
A separate page houses six videos lambasting Obama on issues like gun control , gas taxes and public service experience .
The parody site is a new feature on the GOP - sponsored MeetBarackObama.com , a launching point for more than 12 custom - tailored GOP attack sites aimed at the Democrat .
" But in using a faux social networking site to highlight what it considers to be some of Mr. Obamas more controversial acquaintances  past and present  the R.N.C. is also opening itself up to the inevitable comparisons between the Obama campaign 's online efforts and those of his rival , Senator John McCain , " wrote The Caucus ' Michael Falcone .
And in Internet support over social networking sites , the Obama campaign has a significant advantage , boasting over 433 K friends on MySpace , and a whopping 1.2 million on Facebook .
Comparatively , McCain 's stable of less than 200,000 friends seems lackluster .
The GOP itself holds slightly more than 15,000 members on its Facebook page , which it proudly displays in a graphic atop the page , while the Democratic Party 's official Facebook page has over 26,000 .
For a Republican Party trailing in the fundraising game , online creativity can only help .
Bush urged to raise prisoners ' rights issues with China Reuters
Published : Wednesday July 16 , 2008
Print This Email This WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Human rights activists sent a letter to President George W. Bush on Wednesday urging him to raise the cases of 23 political prisoners when he attends the Beijing Olympics next month .
The list includes Chinese lawyers and HIV / AIDS activists , adherents of the banned Falun Gong spiritual sect , Christians , Muslim Uighurs and Tibetan Buddhists accused of separatism , and South Koreans caught trying to help North Korean refugees get out of China .
One author of the letter , Suzanne Scholte , told a news conference she hoped Bush and other Americans attending the games would wear wristbands saying " Free North Koreans . "
" When Beijing was chosen as the site of the 2008 Olympics , it was a wonderful cause of celebration for the people of China , but it came with a promise from the government of China that human rights would be improved , " said Scholte , who heads the North Korea Freedom Coalition .
" Tragically , we know now that the opposite has occurred as preparations for the Olympics have led to greater human rights abuses against the Tibetans , Uighurs , Christians , Falun Gong practitioners , and for my cause , North Korean refugees . "
Thousands of North Koreans have fled across the border to escape hunger and oppression in their hardline communist homeland .
They face deportation by China , which views them as economic migrants .
The letter to Bush , which contained photos and details of the prisoners , said raising their cases " would address the concerns of the largest groups of people suffering persecution in China , and would give the Chinese regime an opportunity to show good faith in making amends with these groups . "
White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said Bush has " no plans to wear any wristbands , " adding that he had communicated his position on human rights to China 's leaders directly .
( Additional reporting by Jeremy Pelofsky , editing by Alan Elsner ) ( For more stories visit our multimedia website " Road to Beijing " at http://www.reuters.com/news/sports/2008olympics; and see our blog at http://blogs.reuters.com/china)
Please contact our customer center at 800-478-4703 if you would like to place a new order or having issues with your exisitng orders
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China may suffer a power shortage this summer as crippling as four years ago , threatening to cut deeper into industrial operations and stoke another surge in oil imports in order to keep the lights on through the Olympics .
A man works on a power transmission tower on the outskirts of Yingtan , Jiangxi province June 14 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Stringer
Although Beijing has forecast a modest national deficit of 10 gigawatts ( GW ) when demand peaks in summer -- just 1.4 percent of its installed capacity -- at least four provinces between them are forecasting more than twice that amount as the risks mount .
Low coal stocks , surging costs , falling water levels , hotter weather and May ’s deadly earthquake all point to more severe shortages , analysts say .
And while the central government has frozen domestic coal prices and raised power tariffs modestly in an effort to restore profitability for generators such as Huidian Power 1071 .
HK600027.SS , it is not enough to keep them operating full - throttle .
“ Power shortfalls will be definitely worse than last year , ” said Donovan Huang , an analyst with Nomura International Limited based in Hong Kong .
“ This is not because of insufficient installed generating capacity , but because of insufficient coal due to pricing and transport problems . ”
The spreading woes may rate only second to the country ’s worst crisis in a generation , in 2004 , when more than half the country was hit by blackouts and power deficits amounted to 40 GW , or 10 percent of installed capacity .
Coal - rich Shanxi had already been hit by record power shortfalls of nearly 5 GW , or a third of demand , in late June and the deficit is expected to expand further in the coming months due to insufficient coal supply to power plants .
< ID:nPEK14868 >
That could force aluminum smelters to cut operations even more , further inflating prices MAL3 that surged on Monday to a record high due to fears over curtailed supply .
Elsewhere , the outages may force companies to crank up oil - fired generators , forcing China to buy more diesel and fuel oil from abroad .
The local grid in eastern Shandong province , one of China ’s economic powerhouses , had forecast supply to trail demand by up to 7 GW the summer , or nearly 20 percent of last year ’s peak .
Guangdong , a persistent sufferer of power shortage for years , will face up to 6.5 GW of deficit this summer while Zhejiang sees shortfalls of up to 3 GW , grid officials had said .
ONLY 30 PCT OF COAL COST RISE COVERED
Beijing raised retail electricity prices for industrial and commercial users by 4.7 percent and passed on 80 percent of this to power generators , effective July 1 , the first hike in two years aiming to help power firms cut losses .
It also set a cap on coal prices , but analysts said the measures were too little or too late to make up for the surge in coal prices , and risked back - firing for the country ’s coal - fired generators , which produce 80 percent of its electricity .
“ Given supply tightness , coal miners could sell more to the open market where prices are not regulated , or sell more low - quality stuff to power firms , ” said Li Chaolin , a coal analyst based in Beijing .
On top of the price pressures , simply securing supplies to keep plants operating has been an increasing challenge due to limited supply after China shut down or asked for consolidation of many small coal mines for safety reasons that produce nearly 40 percent of China ’s coal output .
As of July 6 , major power plants connected to the State Grid had about 11 - 12 days worth of stocks , the China Business News reported on Tuesday , far below international norms of around 3 - 4 weeks and only about 3 - 4 days above a record low from late January when ice storms disrupted coal transportation .
A third of these plants had less than a week ’s worth of stocks , while 12 percent of them could last less than three days .
A total of 58 generators had been shut down on the lack of coal , the newspaper said , citing data from the grid .
“ The supply situations of coal , power , oil and transport in general look grimmer than in past years , ” Liu Tienan , a deputy chief of the National Development and Reform Commission , said in late June .
“ The tightness since early this year has not changed and even worsened in some regions . ”
FALLING WATER , HOTTER WEATHER
China ’s massive hydropower generators , which produce about 15 percent of its power , are compounding the problem .
Water levels in China ’s major reservoirs at the start of this month stood 2 percent below a year earlier , the first year - on - year decline since last July , and a further decline would curtail output from the sector .
< ID :nPEK333945 >
Cheap hydropower is key to stable electricity supplies especially in central and southwestern parts of the country , but Beijing has forecast hotter weather that could boost power needs while lowering water volumes .
Sichuan , usually a power exporter to other provinces in the water - rich summer , might have to import 2 GW of electricity this year after the May 12 quake rocked dams and damaged power facilities , Yu Yanshan , deputy chief of the General Office under the State Electricty Regulatory Commission , said in June .
This would further strain the Central China Grid which had forecast shortages in some areas it covers .
China ’s power generation growth this year slowed noticeably from 2007 , on government curbs on the economy and efforts to improve energy efficiency , coupled with unexpected shocks from the ice storms early this year and the earthquake in May .
To see a related chart , please click : here
Meanwhile , power demand , fuelled by double - digit economic growth , shows little sign of abating as China shrugs off the effects of slowing growth in the West .
More than 1,000 people in 41 states and the District of Columbia have now been sickened in the nation ’s salmonella outbreak , in what officials said Wednesday was the largest food - borne outbreak in the last decade .
And some food safety experts this week tied problems in tracing the source of the contamination to what they say are shortcomings in the Bioterrorism Act of 2002 .
Federal investigators have now linked at least some of the outbreak to fresh jalapeños , Dr. Robert Tauxe of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said , though they have not ruled out tomatoes .
But officials have still not pinpointed the source of the contamination .
Nor do they know the country or state where the tainted produce was grown , despite a rule issued by the Food and Drug Administration under the bioterrorism law that was intended to give federal officials a way to respond immediately to threats to the nation ’s food supply .
The rule requires importers , processors and distributors to keep track of where they buy produce and where it goes .
A major hurdle facing investigators in this outbreak , however , is that processors frequently repack boxes of tomatoes to meet a buyer ’s demands .
In doing so , officials said , they are not required to record the tomatoes ’ farm , state or even country of origin .
Obama adds nine votes from Edwards delegates
The Obama campaign rolls out a bunch of new Edwards delegates , nine previously unreported , putting him 18.5 votes away by their math .
A few more , and he 'll probably clinch with pledged delegates , which is probably better symbolism .
Full list after the jump .
FLORIDA
Joseph Beuttenmuller , Lake Mary
Barry Birdwell , Melbourne Beach
E. Alan Brock , Crawfordville
Deborah Courtney , Jacksonville
Rita Ferrandino , Sarasota
Fred McDowell , Leesburg
Mary Mooney , Crawfordville
Linda Spisak , Hobe Sound
Gregory Shimkaveg , Oviedo
Bill Vincent , Gulf Breeze
IOWA
Machelle Crum , Newton
Arlene Prather - Kane , Cedar Falls
David Relawsk , Iowa City
Merci Wolff , Sioux City
SOUTH CAROLINA
Lauren Bilton , Columbia
Daniel Boan , Kershaw
Christine Brennan - Bond , Moore
Michael Evatt , Seneca ( birthplace of Senator Edwards )
Robert Groce , Summerville
Marilyn Hemingway , Georgetown
Tim Moore , Barnwell
Susan Smith , Pawley ’s Island
NEW HAMPSHIRE
Deborah Bacon - Nelson , Hanover
Senator Peter Burling , Cornish
Rep. Sharon Nordgren , Hanover
Joshua Denton , Portsmouth
We were promised robots .
Crazy electronic sidekick or death - dealing automaton of doom , we did n't care , as long as the future shaped up to be the awesome electronic robo - battle we 'd dreamed of as children .
Flash forward 20 years and all we have are sorry , non-robotic pieces of supposedly innovative crap , such as " hybrid cars , " " iPods , " and " hope for the AIDs vaccine . "
Consider the below list a sort of report card , so modern scientists can see exactly how far they are from fulfilling the promises of our childhood .
Advertisement
10 Johnny Five ( Short Circuit )
Sure , he might be a little obnoxious , not to mention he has the dubious honor of sharing a marquee with 1980s staple Steve Gutenberg .
But he scores points for looking like a robot that could actually , you know , " exist . "
Also , when he gets angry , his eyes go " destruction red " and he blows stuff up with a laser .
Which is classic robot !
Continue Reading Below Advertisement Lacking , Present Day Equivalent : Nintendo Wii Good First Steps : Entertaining , good with people , rumored to malfunction and cause property damage without warning .
Lacks : Annoying Jackie Gleason impressions .
On second thought " Â ¦
9 Lisa ( Weird Science )
To this day , we 're not sure exactly what the hell Kelly LeBrock ' character was supposed to be in this film , but we 're pretty sure computers were involved , making her at least quasi-robotic .
And since it ' a general rule at CRACKED to include at least one entry in every top ten list that we'd like to have sex with ( see number 19 on " The 20 Worst Cover Songs in Pop Music History " ) we 're including her .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement Lacking , Modern Day Equivalent : Kate Beckinsale Good First Steps : British accent , looks good in leather .
Lacks :
Has yet to exit our closet in a cloud of fog and , through a series of wacky adventures , help us come of age .
8 ED - 209 ( RoboCop )
Forget that whiny , morally conflicted do - gooder hero ( who was really more of a man in a robot suit anyways ) , this big guy was the real star of the show .
Save for some minor weaknesses ( " stairs " ) , he ' our pick in a fight any day .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement Lacking , Present Day Equivalent : American Foreign Policy Good First Steps : Destructive tendencies , suspicious disregard for civil rights .
Lacks :
Shiny chassis , dual machine guns , voice that sounds like it was put through Macaulay Caulkin ' tape recorder thing from Home Alone 2 .
Efficient deadline management with annotated B - trees
At post - pizza last night Ian set me an algorithms problem , because he thought it would be right up my street .
The solution I came up with turned out to be overkill for his actual needs , but it was a rather cute use of annotated trees which I had n't thought about before , so I want to write it down somewhere .
( Background on annotated trees : given any balanced - tree data structure storing a list of items – red - black trees , AVL trees , B- trees , anything else similar that I do n't know about – you can annotate the tree by storing some additional data in each node which describes some property of the sublist of items contained in or below that node .
Provided the annotation for any individual item can be computed in constant time and the annotation for the concatenation of two sublists can be computed in constant time from the annotations for those sublists , it turns out that you can augment all the usual and not - so- usual tree - modification algorithms – insert , delete , split and join – to maintain these annotations without losing the log- time bounded performance of any operation .
I 've previously written about the great usefulness of annotating nodes with a simple element count , and some slightly more sophisticated annotations which have useful applications in editor implementation .
And I have a real B- tree library implementing all this in working code , which allows the client to specify an arbitrary node annotation by providing functions to compute it , and then permits interesting kinds of lookup based on the annotation . )
Ian 's scenario was that he was trying to schedule a bunch of jobs to be done ; each job has a known duration and a known deadline by which it must be completed .
The usual trick here is to sort the jobs by their deadline , doing the most urgent ones first .
But a literal sort algorithm is n't adequate , because Ian 's list of jobs is dynamic : at any time , a new job may become known , and need to be added to the list .
Sometimes , adding a new job in the middle of the list might render it impossible to meet all the current deadlines – in which case Ian wanted the ‘ add job ’ function to return failure , so that the client could be warned in advance that their job would not be possible , and could take some alternative action so as not to need it done after all .
This seemed like just the sort of problem which could be solved by an appropriately annotated tree , which was why Ian brought it to me in the first place .
And , after a couple of false starts , it turns out that it can .
You store your jobs in a B - tree , sorted by their deadline , as one might expect .
You also annotate each node of the tree with two additional pieces of data : ( a ) the latest deadline of anything in that subtree , and ( b ) the latest time you would have to start doing the jobs in that subtree in order to get all of them done by their deadlines .
We must show that these are easy to compute for a single job and for the concatenation of two correctly annotated lists of jobs .
Clearly both are easy to compute for a single job : the deadline is provided by the user , and the latest safe start time is that minus the job duration .
Now , given sublist A with final deadline DA and latest start time SA , and sublist B with final deadline DB and latest start time SB ( and , by the nature of adjacent sublists in a sorted tree , we also know that nothing in B has a deadline before DA ) , we need to be able to compute the annotations for the concatenated list .
Well , the latest deadline for the full list is of course just DB .
Now when is the latest start time for the whole lot ?
Well , the jobs in list A must be finished by time DA ( of course ) , and they must also be finished by time SB , so that we can start doing the jobs in list B .
So we compute EDA , the effective deadline for list A , as the earlier of DA and SB ; then we adjust our start time SA to take account of the difference between EDA and DA , so that the start time for the whole list is equal to SA + ( EDA − DA ) .
That 's it .
Given these annotations , we can now do a constant - time query on the current job list whenever we like , to find out when is the latest time we must start doing jobs in order to get them all done .
In other words , as Ian put it , we can query the tree at any time to find out how long it 's safe to procrastinate for .
So if the latest safe start time for the entire tree is still in the future , we 're OK .
If it 's in the past , we 're doomed , and we are inevitably going to miss some deadline or other .
Hence , we have exactly the ‘ add job ’ operation Ian wanted .
Given a new job , we add it to our B- tree ( in log time ) , and then we query the new latest safe start time .
If it 's before the current time , then it is n't feasible to add the new job , so we remove it from the tree again ( still in log time ) and return failure .
Otherwise , we leave it in the tree and return success .
Done !
In fact this was overkill for Ian 's actual application , since there 's a sufficiently small bound on the number of jobs that it 's much easier to do simple stuff with circular buffers and swallow the occasional O ( N ) reshuffle .
But he was curious to know how it would be done efficiently for large job collections , and I think the above approach answers that to at least my satisfaction .
Helio mU Introduces The Helio Green Energy Plan For Residential Solar Power With No Upfront Costs
The homeowner only pays for the power the system on their roof generates .
by Staff Writers
Berkeley CA ( SPX ) Jun 25 , 2008
Helio Micro Utility has announced The Helio Green Energy Plan , a revolutionary way for homeowners to go solar .
Unlike a traditional photovoltaic system purchase that relies on a large cash investment or financing , the Helio Green Energy Plan does not require an upfront payment for panels .
Consumers pay only for solar electric power -- not panels -- at pricing below their utility 's electric rates .
The Helio Green Energy Plan is initially available to homeowners in Santa Monica and other select California markets .
Helio mU Chief Executive Officer Mo Rousso will unveil the program at tonight 's Solar Santa Monica summit on financing residential solar power systems .
" Financing a residential solar panel system , particularly in our current economy , has been the major stumbling block for even the most enthusiastic green consumer , " said Mo Rousso .
" The Helio Green Energy Plan puts the power of choice into the hands of the consumer .
Now they can save money and the environment .
The program will also greatly accelerate the adoption of solar power in California . "
The Helio Green Energy Plan is based on a financial model successfully utilized by commercial and government electricity users .
" We set out to create a way for homeowners to buy green power at a lower price than brown , " said Gregory Rosen , HmU 's Vice President of Project Finance .
" The Helio Green Energy Plan accomplishes this mission and much more .
The homeowner only pays for the power the system on their roof generates .
This power is based on a fixed rate .
There is no upfront system cost to the homeowner to install and manage the solar panels on their roof .
All maintenance and monitoring is provided with no charge to the homeowner . "
There 's no telling if he 's going to buy a tape from the Video Professor , or just have his son - in - law sit down with him for a few days , but John McCain has decided to learn how to use the internet .
" I am learning to get online myself , and I will have that down fairly soon , getting on myself , " McCain told the * New York Times * in an interview that appeared Sunday .
" I do n't expect to be a great communicator , I do n’t expect to set up my own blog , but I am becoming computer literate to the point where I can get the information that I need . "
Even so , McCain bluntly admits , " I do n't e-mail .
I 've never felt the particular need to e-mail . "
That latter admission is surprisingly frank given that most people on Capitol Hill constantly keep up with work , and each other , via their BlackBerries .
It 's also a comment that puts McCain decidedly out of step with the millions of Americans who 've woven web , wireless and social networking technologies into the fabric of their daily lives – especially the so - called Millennial Generation , those born between 1982 and 2002 .
Unlike large portions of previous young voter blocs , this connected generation votes ( at least those who are old enough ) , and is very civic minded , according to the researchers .
In sharp contrast to McCain , Obama 's campaign constantly updates the Obama 's Twitter account with the candidates latest activities on the campaign trail .
Obama has 46,195 followers on Twitter .
He apparently follows 48,040 Twitter accounts .
Twitter , a service that people usually use to provide friends and acquaintances with personal updates and on - the - spot thoughts , fits with the personal tone and oratory used by Barack Obama to reach the Millennials .
The Obama campaign 's constant updates through its own blog , and through Twitter , helps to fuel a sense of collective involvement among his supporters : making them think they 're part of the campaign , actively engaged with it , and with the candidate .
Obama 's latest tweet on Sunday night , for example , let his supporters know that he spoke in San Diego at the National Council of La Raza 's annual conference .
The entry led to a YouTube video of the speech .
And on July 4th , Obama 's campaign tweetedthat the candidate was " hosting a 4th July family picnic in Butte , MT , and celebrating Malia 's 10th Birthday !
Watch it live ... "
Prior to the advent of the web , it would have been unimaginable for a political candidate to provide these relatively frequent updates to such large numbers of people .
And who would have wanted a fax with these kinds of details cluttering up the office ?
But on the web , these updates are unobtrusive little notes , which can keep large numbers of ardent supporters filled in on the latest movements of their rock - star candidate – on their own schedule .
The McCain campaign , for its part , seems to have allowed a prankster to take over the John McCain name on Twitter :
The latest entry , from a month ago , reads : " I 'm going to the bathroom before my next speech !
Coffee ran right through me ! "
McCain has been the object of much ridicule by liberals in the past month because of his frank admission in a Yahoo / Politico interview that he 's computer illiterate .
More recently , his aide Mark Soohoo was mocked mercilessly when he said at a politics and technology conference that McCain was " aware of the internet . "
Yet the McCain campaign has hired tech - savvy staffers to liaise with bloggers online , and to get his campaign 's key messages out online .
They include Matt Lira , a former aide to Rep. Eric Cantor R - Va , and blogger Patrick Hynes , among others .
Even if he does n't feel the need to e-mail , perhaps he should check out tools such as Twitter to reach the Millennials .
It 's not just about the coolness of such tools ; it 's about getting a candidate 's unique persona and voice through a medium to connect to a new generation .
( For more on social media and political campaigns online , check out Jim Hopkinson 's Wired.com podcast The Hopkinson Report . )
Photo : Associated Press / Jeff Chiu
See Also :
US new project to develop GPS - like system for moon
( Xinhua )
Updated : 2008-07-22 11:21
WASHINGTON -- NASA has awarded 1.2 million US dollars to an Ohio State University research team over the next three years to develop a navigation system that will feel a lot like GPS to the astronauts that use it , the university announced on Monday .
When NASA returns to the moon -- the space agency has set a target date of 2020 to do so -- astronauts wo n't be able to use a global positioning system ( GPS ) to find their way around , because the moon does n't have satellites to send GPS signals .
So the new system for moon will rely on signals from a set of sensors including lunar beacons , stereo cameras , and orbital imaging sensors , explained the team leader Rongxing Li .
This image taken July 14 , 2008 by the Surface Stereo Imager on Phoenix Mars Lander shows the silver colored rasp protruding from the lander 's robotic arm scoop .
[ Agencies ]
The new grant grew out of Li's ongoing development of software for the US Mars rovers Spirit and Opportunity .
Researchers have learned a lot about navigation from exploring the red planet .
New technology -- sensors , inertial navigation systems , cameras , computer processors , and image processors -- will make the next trip to the moon easier for astronauts .
Li explained how the system will work : images taken from orbit will combine with images from the surface to create maps of lunar terrain ; motion sensors on lunar vehicles and on the astronauts themselves will allow computers to calculate their locations ; signals from lunar beacons , the lunar lander , and base stations will give astronauts a picture of their surroundings similar to what drivers see when using a GPS device on Earth .
The researchers have named the entire system the Lunar Astronaut Spatial Orientation and Information System ( LASOIS ) .
Keeping astronauts safe will be a top priority for Li's team , which includes experts in psychology and human - computer interaction as well as engineering .
" We will help with navigation , but also with astronauts ' health as well , " Li said .
" We want them to avoid the stress of getting lost , or getting frustrated with the equipment .
Lunar navigation is n't just a technology problem , it 's also biomedical . "
According to Li's plan , the team will create a prototype navigation system , then travel to the Mojave Desert in California to test and refine it .
The third year would possibly be spent testing the system on NASA astronauts .
Dominos : How Bear Stearns default threatens the entire world financial system Mike Aivaz and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday March 25 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
When we hear of turmoil in world financial markets , it can be difficult to understand how so much chaos can result from a relatively small number of defaults on individual home mortgages .
Paul Solman , the business and economics correspondent for PBS 's NewsHour , undertook to explain how those modest defaults could escalate to the point where they " now threaten the entire world financial system . "
Solman began by noting that " the money you borrow to buy your home no longer comes from the local bank .
It comes from investors from all over the world . "
A firm like Bear Stearns buys up the mortgages on lots of houses , combines them into a pool , and sells slices of that pool to investors .
This has been an attractive investment , because it offers a high rate of return , and it has also been considered extremely safe , because even if one mortgage defaults that will have little effect on the pool .
With the US housing market booming thanks to the easy credit these deals opened up , it seemed there was no way that anyone could lose .
However , the problem was that " the more investors got into the act , the greater the pressure to lend . "
Lenders were competing with one another to offer more favorable mortgage terms .
Eventually , new buyers had so little actually invested in their homes that if any problems arose , it was easiest to just walk away from both house and mortgage .
Making things worse , the return on these mortgage pools was so high that the big lenders began investing in them on their own , often using money borrowed at a lower rate from banks like Citicorp and JP Morgan .
And the banks were also investing directly in securities backed by mortgages , credit cards , or auto loans .
Even more investments went into so - called " derivatives , " essentially side bets on these other loans .
Everybody wanted to get in on the action and nobody was using their own money , so the debts quickly multiplied from billions to trillions .
And the only thing of real value holding up the whole house of cards was the homes owned by individual buyers .
If the value of those homes drops -- as it now has -- and too many of the buyers walk away , the whole structure can collapse .
If that happens , as Solman explained , there 's a further problem .
" The world financial system runs on credit -- on paper promises .
If big borrowers and lenders do n't make good on those promises , panic can set in , and the biggest financial institutions in the world can find themselves under siege . "
That sort of panic was the reason Bear Stearns became unsustainable .
And if a firm like Bear Stearns goes down , its creditors -- the major banks -- can become unsustainable as well .
That is why the federal government has stepped in to try to salvage the situation .
And , Solman concluded , " That 's why they call it the domino effect . "
The following video is from PBS 's Jim Lehrer News Hour , broadcast on March 21 , 2008 .
Vice President Dick Cheney ’s office was involved in removing statements on health risks posed by global warming from a draft of a health official ’s Senate testimony last year , a former senior government environmental official said on Tuesday .
The former official , Jason K. Burnett , made the assertion and described similar incidents in a three - page letter to Senator Barbara Boxer , a California Democrat who is the chairwoman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee .
He then stood with her at a news conference at which she excoriated the Bush administration .
“ History will judge this Bush administration harshly for recklessly covering up a real threat to the people they are supposed to protect , ” Mrs. Boxer said .
Mr. Burnett , a lifelong Democrat , resigned in May from his post as an associate deputy administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and chief adviser on climate to Stephen L. Johnson , the E.P.A. administrator .
Mr. Burnett has previously criticized the administration ’s climate policies and endorsed and contributed to Senator Barack Obama ’s presidential campaign .
Bug 59695 ( " default value in power.sh potentially kills laptop disks " ) is about not preventing bad behaviour of drives ( high Load_Cycle_Count numbers ) on ( laptop ) harddrives .
Because the bug report has 150 comments already , I 've tried to summarize it here .
There appear to be two issues here : HDD spin down and " Power cycling " , whereas the first one has a relative short default ( 60 seconds ) , but the latter one gets the most complains ( it 's about Load_Cycle_Count ) .
The disk Load_Cycle_Count issue appears to be caused by a combination of two problems --
The first is overly - aggressive power management from what might be considered buggy hardware .
The second is that Ubuntu appears to be touching the hard drive on a regular basis for one reason or another .
Note 1 : In sections below relating to how to prevent damage to your hard disk , you should replace $ HDD everywhere with your device , e.g. " / dev/sda " or " / dev/hda " .
If you have several harddrives , you need to change it accordingly and duplicate lines in workarounds .
Note 1 : The kernel wiki gathers info about drives with too aggressive power saving defaults .
A script called " storage - fixup " is also available .
https://ata.wiki.kernel.org/index.php/Known_issues#Drives_which_perform_frequent_head_unloads_under_Linux
Affected hardware
Machine Hard Disk Ubuntu Other OS Workaround Notes Acer Aspire 1642 WLMi N/A Ubuntu=YES N/A N/ A Acer Aspire 1662 wlm Hitachi 5k100 60 GB Ubuntu=YES N/A N/ A Acer Aspire 3610 N/ A Ubuntu=YES N/A N/ A Acer Extensa 5210 N/A Ubuntu=YES N/A N/ A Acer Travelmate 4010 Hitachi IC25N060ATMR04 Ubuntu=YES XP=YES N/A Airis N1212 N/A Ubuntu=YES N/A N/ A acpi=off Apple Powerbook G4 Seagate Momentus 5400.2 100 GB Ubuntu=YES N/A N/ A Apple MacBook Pro C2D Fujitsu 160GB Gutsy=YES MACOSX=YES
N/A Asus A6Q Seagate ST980811AS Hardy=YES XP=NO -B 254 Asus 1000HA Seagate ST9160310 AS eeebuntu=YES XP=NO N/A Asus G1S - A1 Hitachi HTS541616J9SA00 Ubuntu=YES N/A N/ A Compaq Evo600N N/A Ubuntu=YES N/A N/ A Dell D620 N/A Ubuntu=YES N/A N/ A Dell Inspiron 1501 N/A Ubuntu=YES N/A N/ A Dell Inspiron 1525n WDC WD2500BEVS - 75UST0 Hardy=YES Gutsy=NO , Fedora9=Yes -B 255 Dell Inspiron 9400 Samsung 120GB Ubuntu=YES N/A N/ A Dell Inspiron 6400 Samsung HM120JI Gutsy=YES
N/A N/ A Dell Latitude C640 Western Digital 40 GB Gutsy=YES XP=NO N/A Dell Latitude c840 Hitachi DK23EA -30 Ubuntu=YES
N/A N/ A Dell Latitude D630 N/ A Ubuntu=YES N/A -B 254 Dell Vostro 1000 Seagate ST9120822AS Ubuntu=YES N/A N/ A Dell Vostro 1400 N/ A Ubuntu=YES N/A -B 254 Dell Vostro 1500 Seagate ST9160823AS Gutsy=YES XP=YES Dell XPS M1330 N/A Hardy=YES
N/ A -B 254 Dell XPS M1330 Western Digital WD1200BEVS -75UST0 Hardy=YES
N/ A -B 255 Dell XPS M1330 WDC WD2500BEVS - 75UST0 Hardy=YES
N/ A -B 254 XP=YES Dell XPS 1530 N/A Ubuntu=YES N/A N/ A Gateway MT6451 Western Digital WD1200VE Gutsy=YES
N/A N/A HP nx6325 Samsung HM250JI Hardy=YES Vista=NO -B 254 HP nx6325 Fujitsu MHV2060BH Gutsy=YES N/A -B 255 HP nx6325 Hitachi HTS541080G9SA00 Ubuntu=YES N/A N/A HP nc8430 Samsung 250GB Hardy=YES N/A N/A HP nw9440 Seagate ST910021AS Edgy=YES N/A N/A HP dv6500 Western Digital WD800BEVS Ubuntu=YES N/A -B 255 HP dv6602 au N/ A Ubuntu=YES N/A N/A HP compaq 6820s Hitachi HTS541616J9SA00 Hardy=YES
Vista=NO -B 255 HP dv6614tx N/A Hardy=YES
N/ A -B 255 MSI Wind U100 Western Digital WD800BEVS Hardy=YES
N/ A -B 254 Thinkpad Z60 m Hitachi HTS541080G9SA00 Gutsy=YES N/A N/ A Thinkpad R52 Hitachi HTS541060G9AT00 Gutsy=YES
N/ A -B 192 Thinkpad 600E Hitachi DK239A - 65B Ubuntu=YES
N/A N/ A Thinkpad Z61t Toshiba MK1032GSX Gutsy=YES
N/A N/ A Thinkpad T60 Hitachi HTS541080G9SA00 Gutsy=YES N/A N/ A Thinkpad T23 Seagate ST92811A Ubuntu=YES N/A N/ A Thinkpad R50e Hitachi HTS541060G9AT00 Feisty=YES
N/A N/ A Thinkpad T42 Samsung HD Ubuntu=YES N/A -B 254 Thinkpad R61 Seagate ST9160821 AS Hardy=YES
N/A N/ A Toshiba A100 Toshiba MK1234GSX Ubuntu=YES N/A -B 254 On battery power Toshiba P205 Fujitsu MHW2120BH Gutsy=YES N/ A -B 255 VIA Epia EX10000EG Western Digital WD10EACS Feisty=YES N/A N/A N/ A Hitachi HTS541616J9SA00 Ubuntu=YES Vista=YES N/A N/ A Hitachi HTS541210H9SA00 Ubuntu=YES N/A N/A N/ A Hitachi HTS541010G9SA00 Ubuntu=YES N/A N/A N/ A Seagate ST9100824AS Ubuntu=YES Vista=YES XP=YES N/A Seagate ST9160821 AS
Ubuntu=YES N/A N/A N/ A Seagate ST9120822AS Hardy=YES
XP=NO N/A N/A Travelstar 7K100 60 GB Ubuntu=YES N/A N/A N/ A Toshiba MK8037GSX Ubuntu=YES Fedora=NO OpenSUSE=NO N/ A Toshiba MK3006GAL Ubuntu=YES N/A -B 254 N/A WDC WD5000 AACS - 00ZUB0 N/A N/A N / A
Check
You can check the current value of Load_Cycle_Count of your harddrive (s ) using :
sudo smartctl - a $ HDD | grep Load_Cycle_Count
( You need the smartmontools package for this .
I also had to enable SMART monitoring for my drives using sudo smartctl -s on $ HDD )
The values for this differ a lot ( e.g. it 's 0 on my desktop ) , but it goes up to > 600.000 for others , depending on the lifetime .
TODO : add a section with sample values ( including the value of Power_On_Hours ) .
What Ubuntu does
It appears to be the official policy of Ubuntu that by default , Ubuntu should not adjust any power management settings of the harddisk .
Unfortunately , this policy has two negative effects :
It leaves quite a few people with broken hard drives that would otherwise not be broken , and it quite simply makes people who love Ubuntu feel neglected .
This issue has been going on a long time .
The problem appears to be that some manufacturers ' defaults are too aggressive and that Ubuntu might cause too many unbuffered disk accesses -- the combination of which can cause over a thousand parks a day on some systems .
In /etc / acpi / power.sh , laptop mode gets handled .
If it gets enabled , hdparm is called with " - B 1 " , if it gets disabled with " - B 254 " .
254 is the least aggressive setting .
255 is off , but does not work for all disks .
In power.sh also the spindown timeout gets set , according to SPINDOWN_TIME from /etc / default / acpi-support ( default : 12 ) .
This results in spinning down the harddrive after 12*5=60 seconds of inactivitiy .
This does not influence Load_Cycle_Count however .
apm
" /etc / apm " is not supposed to be used , but if it would get , it sets spindown to 60 seconds - but does not affect the general APM setting ( hdparm - B ) .
( there 's a bug , which also used " power_conserve " here , if on_ac_power return " do n't know " - bug 156893 )
Debug
Blue has created a script , which acts as a wrapper around hdparm and logs , where it 's called ( including its arguments )
From his report , it appears that hdparm always gets called through apm or the init script ( the logfile excerpt appears to be from booting ) .
TODO : provide said helper script , allowing others to help to debug this .
Workaround
Various workarounds have been provided that involve adjusting or even turning off power - management of the hard drive .
Please keep in mind that this can do more harm than good , so only apply them if you exactly understand what you are doing .
Try hdparm - B 255 $ HDD or hdparm - B 254 $ HDD .
( 255 is supposed to disable APM , but it does not work for some ; so 254 sets it to the less aggressive setting )
There are different methods to keep this setting after reboot / resume .
Your mileage may vary .
There may be more workarounds in the bug report , but essentially , all are using " hdparm - B " to change the apm handling of the harddrive .
http://ubuntuforums.org/showpost.php?p=3675960&postcount=26
UbuntuDemon
I brought some of these proposed fixes together in the hope that is easier to apply for users who are suffering from this problem
Force hdparm values in pm-utils hooks
Edit /etc/hdparm.conf and put there :
$ HDD { apm = 254 }
Create executable file /etc / pm/ sleep.d/99 fixpark with the following lines :
case " $ 1 " in resume|thaw ) hdparm -B 254 $ HDD >/dev/null 2>&1 ;; *) ;; esac
Don posted another workaround : Install laptop - mode - tools and set CONTROL_HD_POWERMGMT=1 in /etc/laptop-mode/laptop-mode.conf ( https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/acpi-support/+bug/59695/comments/19)
Here 's another more verbose setup of laptop - mode - tools from Michael : https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/acpi-support/+bug/59695/comments/63
An easy , step - by - step walkthrough for a situation - sensitive solution ( AC / batteries / heat ) can be found here : http://vale.homelinux.net/wordpress/?p=199
Proposed fixes
FIXED : Converted most remaining 255's to 254s , and added an explanation .
Conclusion
This bug report has attracted a lot of concerned Ubuntu users and it seems quite clear from the user feedback , that other operating systems / distributions handle this better .
However , the workaround should be quite simple and this wiki page is a first attempt , to fix this for the better .
Misc
ubuntu_demon has put together a list of TODOs : https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/acpi-support/+bug/59695/comments/81
Please leave any comments / additions here .
You may also edit the page directly , but please try to be clear and helpful .
The problem has been confirmed and we know that it 's a critical thing - please do not repeat that the bug status should be critical .
Could you kindly explain how to diagnose whether the settings on a system , at a point of time , are correct .
I have followed the instructions but still find the load cycle count increasing .
How do I diagnose the problem ?
I think the 99 - fix - park.sh scripts should be executable .
If this is the case then I think we should add a note to the workaround .
The most highly anticipated business to come around in years has now launched .
My Internet Business promises to become one of the top business opportunities on the Internet and the Number One choice for those looking to start a home business .
My Internet Business will appeal to beginning Internet entrepreneurs and seasoned marketers alike .
My Internet Business is the Ultimate home business solution as it has been developed for entrepreneurs with all levels of experience .
My Internet Business offers
* A Turnkey Marketing System -
You will have Professional Lead Capture Pages , Automated Follow - ups , A Video Guided Tour Website and an advanced Sales Center .
The steps to success are provided for you .
* Proprietary products that are not available anywhere else , including a travel club and offline products as well as online products .
* Professional Business Sales Assistants that will close the sales for you .
You do the marketing .
You can delegate the selling to a professional or you can do it yourself .
* Affordable Start - up
Fees as well as high commission top tier levels
* Residual Income from personally sponsored members sales for as long as they are part of My Internet Business .
* Professionally Managed Marketing Co-ops that will bring massive amounts of traffic to your own personal My Internet Business website
* Advanced Company
Training to help you learn how to market your business and create the success you are looking for , including comprehensive and accessible video training ranging from the basic tasks of forwarding a domain to the latest and most advanced marketing methods on the web .
As with every truly great opportunity the ones who join at the beginning will be the ones who will enjoy the most success and of course , profit .
The Time is now .
For more information on getting involved with this awesome and potentially life - changing opportunity , follow the links below .
Earlier this week , Square Enix president Yoichi Wada recognized a need for change within his company , saying to Reuters , " We need to go beyond traditional Square Enix . "
After a look at the game maker 's fiscal year 2007 performance , it 's easy to see where he was coming from .
Reporting today on its fiscal year ended March 31 , 2008 , Square Enix said that both revenues and earnings had dropped off significantly from the year before .
Sales dropped 9.8 percent on the year to ¥ 147.5 billion ( $ 1.4 billion ) - - a sharp contrast to last year 's 31.3 percent gains , which grew revenue to ¥ 163.4 billion ( $ 1.6 billion ) .
Although Square Enix was able to curtail a precipitous slump in net income from a year ago , the publisher still posted net income down 20.9 percent to ¥ 9.2 billion ( $ 89 million ) .
Square Enix was hit hardest in overseas markets , where sales had slipped 45.7 percent in North America , 41.1 percent in Asia , and 35.3 percent in Europe during the year .
That 's in sharp opposition to Wada 's professed desire to expand its overseas presence to account for 80 percent of the company 's sales .
As part of this end , Square Enix said last year that it was actively looking for US publishing partners .
In addition to confirming Dragon Quest IV , V , and VI for North America earlier this week , Square Enix dated its Xbox 360 role - playing game Infinite Undiscovery for September 2 .
The usual suspects dominated Square Enix 's list of games that performed well for the year .
A handful of games released during its fiscal year 2007 broached the 1 million unit mark , including Dragon Quest IV for the Nintendo DS and Crisis Core - Final Fantasy VII for the PlayStation Portable .
Also measuring out respectable sales were Final Fantasy IV ( DS ) with 590,000 units in Japan , Final Fantasy XII : Revenant Wings ( DS ) with 760,000 units in Japan and North America , and Dragon Quest Swords : The Masked Queen and the Tower of Mirrors ( Wii ) with 490,000 units in Japan and 110,000 more in North America .
All said , sales of Square Enix 's offline ventures were down 19 percent year over year , amounting to yen 41.6 billion ( $ 402 million ) .
As for the publisher 's online games , the publisher said that Final Fantasy XI had hit 500,000 paid subscribers .
Online - games revenue was down 11.4 percent to ¥ 12 billion ( $ 116 million ) , whereas mobile - phone content saw a similar drop of 15.3 percent to ¥ 6.6 billion ( $ 64 million ) .
The downturn in the arcade business dragging on Sega Sammy , Namco Bandai , and Capcom is apparently affecting Square Enix as well , with the publisher reporting a revenue fall of 8.7 percent to ¥ 69.1 billion ( $ 668 million ) .
One of the game maker 's other big businesses , publications , held fairly steady for the year , dropping a mere 0.4 percent to ¥ 11.1 billion ( $ 107 million ) , whereas the miscellaneous and sundry category rocketed skyward 126 percent to ¥9 billion ( $ 87 million ) , thanks to the collectible - card game Dragon Quest Monster Battle Road , which launched in July .
Calling 2007 a " period of transition , " Square Enix projected that revenues and profits will do an about - face in its 2008 financial year , which ends March 31 , 2009 .
Laying out its future outlook today , the company expects that net sales will rebound 8.5 percent to ¥ 160 billion ( $ 1.5 billion ) , with net income seeing a far healthier uptick of 30.5 percent to ¥ 12 billion ( $ 116 million ) .
To pull off this turnaround , the publisher said it was investing heavily into research and development , with an eye toward amping up " advanced information technologies , which are crucial to promote network - related businesses . "
Tags
Multimillionaires like Hillary Clinton and Lou Dobbs butter their bread by defending middle - class Americans .
They are correct about the problem , but their suggested remedies — protectionism , welfare , regulation , subsidy , and tax reform — would only make the problem worse .
The middle class actually faces many important economic problems , but in reality they boil down to three current problems and one that looms large in our future .
All four problems stem from a common cause — the Federal Reserve .
History tells us that we either root out this cause or face economic demise .
The first and most obvious problem is price inflation .
Gasoline and milk are now almost $ 4 per gallon .
Corn oil is now $ 15 per gallon and the price of the olive oil I buy was just increased by 25 % .
I recently snuck up on the manager of the grocery store where I shop ( he was marking up the prices of goods already on the shelves ) .
Behind his back I remarked , " Hey , stop causing inflation . "
He turned around with a worried look on his face and said softly " yes , I know , the prices of everything are going up . "
Recently I was shopping in a health food store that sells all sorts of flour , nuts , grains , etc. from bulk containers so that you can purchase the exact amount you want at a good price .
The store manager and clerk were debating how they could create a price list that was easy to update .
The existing price list had been changed so often that it was almost unusable .
The manager told me that everything she orders now comes in with new , higher prices .
She said it was scary and mumbled something about building an underground shelter .
The price of gold has been going up , a key signal of monetary inflation and economic troubles .
Plus , everything imported from overseas is going up in price , even from China .
I know several people who have cancelled plans to visit Europe and foreigners are more and more common at travel destinations in the United States .
This is due to the declining value of the dollar , but that is the result of monetary inflation by the Federal Reserve .
Yes , the ethanol " program " is stupid , and yes it does increase the relative price of corn , but it does not cause inflation per se .
The second problem is the bust in the housing market .
We had a long boom in the housing market and now we face the inevitable consequences .
People are going bankrupt , homeowners face foreclosure because they cannot pay their mortgages , construction workers and contractors are finding less work and more unemployment .
These problems inevitably bleed into related industries like mortgage lenders , banks , lumber and materials producers , appliance and furniture dealers , decorators and landscape designers , etc .
Eventually it bleeds into the general economy because of reductions in income and spending , so that even restaurants , clothing dealers , artists , etc. face cutbacks in sales and possible bankruptcy .
By all accounts , the economy is in a correction and just about everyone in the real world believes we are in a recession .
This is likely to intensify because there are still plenty of problem investments in the pipeline .
The tax rebate will not stop it from happening and neither will the unprecedented actions of the Federal Reserve to bail out Wall Street .
The Fed 's view is that they did not cause the bubble or the bust .
When the recession is official they will claim that they did everything they could to stop it and to make it less severe .
The Federal Reserve plays the blame game and they blame you for this mess .
The truth is that they are the ones to blame .
The third problem we face is the matter of income distribution .
Over the last quarter century , America has become a richer nation .
However , the distribution of income has been in favor of the wealthy and has been working against the middle class .
Many Americans earn over $ 1 million per year and a few now earn over $ 1 billion dollars per year , including several hedge - fund managers .
At the same time we have working - class people whose inflation - adjusted wages have stagnated or have even fallen .
This type of result could be a very natural result of economic forces , but it can also be the result of government policies that systematically favor one economic class over another .
Of course the major beneficiary of the Federal Reserve 's inflation is government itself , but , in addition , its policies have driven a wedge into the income scale that greatly favors those at the very top to the disadvantage of all of us below .
Its policies of inflating the money supply , keeping interest rates low , and bailing out those who lose in subsequent financial crises have been a big boon for all of those in the upper echelons of banking and finance .
Not only has the Fed made their primary input ( i.e. , credit ) cheaper , it has greatly reduced their primary business concern ( i.e. , risk of loss ) .
This explains the extraordinary profits generated in financial markets .
Imagine that you and I have the only two companies that produce and distribute pasta on the national level and that we both enjoy great brand - name loyalty .
The government then passes two laws .
The first creates a giant subsidy for wheat which is the main ingredient in our products .
The second piece of legislation offers billions of dollars of research contracts to publish articles on the health benefits of eating pasta .
What would you imagine would happen to our incomes under those circumstances ?
The Fed does something similar — surreptitiously — for banks and Wall Street .
The Fed has always been a scam to cheat the middle classes , but the lesson of income redistribution is less well known than the connections between the Fed and price inflation and the business cycle ( which themselves are not widely understood ) .
Even though mainstream economists will sometimes admit of the negative impact of inflation on real wages , few if any are willing to admit that there are beneficiaries as well as losers .
Indeed the Fed 's low - interest policy not only encourages spending and borrowing , it discourages the one thing that best helps people raise themselves into higher economic classes — saving .
Therefore it should be clear that the Fed is systematically working against the interests of the common American .
With inflation there is also a " winner 's curse . "
Great wealth , especially when it is so quickly and easily achieved , can have very detrimental effects on a person 's character and relationships .
In the old days it might be said that such a person had " fallen into luxury . "
In the 18th century , it was also called Epicureanism or what we might today call hedonism .
In the wake of the Mississippi and South Sea Bubbles , many 18th - century scholars were quick to link public credit with " luxury . "
In 1999 , I had a long conversation with the property manager of the three beach houses owned by an important and now thoroughly disgraced CEO .
His full time job was to coordinate all the designers , decorators , and contractors who worked on the three hulking beach homes .
For example , the beach decking might have to be rebuilt specially for a party .
All bathroom fixtures would have to be changed from silver to gold and then back to silver .
Bathrooms were regularly changed in ways that required all - new plumbing .
Grand parties were planned only to be abandoned at the last moment .
Whenever I read or hear the word " debauchery , " this conversation comes screaming back into my memory .
The Federal Reserve also plays a central role in the future problem of national bankruptcy .
With their ability to create money out of thin air , central banks encourage government to borrow money for current consumption and to make promises that they otherwise could not keep .
Monarchies could once borrow huge sums because they controlled tariffs , colonial revenues , and sold charters and monopolies .
If worse came to worst , they could and would debase the money .
Republican governments could not provide the same guarantee to lenders that ultimate authority and family lineages provided .
This was a good thing , and the first republican governments , like Venice and Amsterdam , flourished without debt .
This was also true in the United States and , to a lesser degree , England .
Eventually Venice , Amsterdam , and England all adopted central banks .
These banks helped pay for unnecessary wars , unprofitable colonies , and to expand the state at home .
Eventually all of these central banks resulted in economic crises and devaluation .
Meanwhile , the United States remained relatively free of central banking in the 19th century and became the world 's economic superpower .
We only began to experience the growth of government , continual wars , an expanding colonial empire , and a skyrocketing national debt when the Federal Reserve was founded in 1913 .
The pace of change accelerated when the final break with the gold standard occurred in 1971 .
Our current national debt is quickly approaching $ 10 trillion and the total amount of our future unfunded liabilities is approaching 60 trillion current dollars .
These liabilities are literally overwhelming and continue to grow .
We could simple default and ruin the future credit of the government .
Alternatively , we could cut the size of government and pay off the debt , but that almost seems laughable in the current political climate .
The most likely route is more inflation .
The Fed can print more money and drive down the real value of government benefits , pensions , bonds , etc. as well as the value of the dollar .
Once again , when push comes to shove in Washington , DC , the way to wager is that Washington will push and shove the burden of its own " luxury " onto the backs of average Americans .
The only way out of this scenario is to reestablish the gold standard .
Of the alternatives , this would produce the least economic pain , and most of that pain would be felt by the beneficiaries of the Fed at the top of the wealth scale , rather than those of us below .
Furthermore , the gold standard would protect us against returning to the ruinous policies that central banks engender .
Essentially , the gold standard creates a level playing field between citizens , financial interests , and the government .
In closing , it is worth quoting the great Joseph Schumpeter on the political necessity of the gold standard :
At the recent GNOME User and Developer European Conference ( GUADEC ) , the GNOME release team announced a proposal for developing the next major iteration of the open source desktop environment .
The plan offers a long - term strategy for moving GNOME development forward and defining future goals for the desktop .
The long road towards the first step
The path the GNOME community took to this proposal is somewhat complex .
When the prospect of GNOME 3 was first discussed by developers in 2005 , the concept took on a life of its own among the users who imagined that it would be an audacious reinvention of the desktop with completely new interaction paradigms and a new kind of user interface .
This pie - in - the - sky vision was referred to as ToPaZ , word play on the phrase three - point - zero .
Although the ToPaZ meme was not widely embraced by the developer community , it gained an enormous amount of traction with Linux enthusiasts who wanted to see more innovation on the desktop .
For instance , it spawned extensive discussion in the GNOME wiki and a whole new section at the GNOME - Look theming web site , devoted to mockups and brainstorming .
The basic idea behind ToPaZ , however , was fundamentally out of step with the underlying philosophy of the GNOME development community .
Incrementalism is among GNOME 's defining values and is one of the major factors that has contributed to GNOME 's popularity with commercial Linux distributors .
GNOME 's developers concluded that a radical departure from conventional desktop idioms was ultimately not in the best interest of end users .
The consensus was that their goals for the future could be reached one step at a time through minor releases on a consistent schedule — there would be no GNOME 3.0 .
Major changes are incubated in parallel to GNOME development and are usually not integrated into the environment itself until they are proven .
Most new GNOME technologies have already been adopted by at least one or two major distributors before becoming an official part of the desktop stack .
Distributor uptake is , in fact , one of the factors that is evaluated when new modules are proposed for inclusion into GNOME .
The process is always undertaken with utmost care in order to minimize disruptions to the end user experience and inconveniences to third - party software developers .
The success of this strategy has been demonstrated by the large number of impressive infrastructure elements that have been streamlined into GNOME through incremental development .
A good example is the transition from the anachronistic Bonobo component framework to the new D - Bus interprocess communication system .
This major transition was achieved over the course of several releases without a major desktop - wide rewrite .
Going from three - point - no to three - point - oh
Although the GNOME development community is still strongly committed to maintaining its incremental development strategy for the desktop , the rules are different for GTK + , the underlying toolkit used to build the platform .
Developers have grown increasingly frustrated with the limitations of GTK + and have started to evaluate proposals for remedying its weaknesses and adding more modern capabilities .
We looked at some of those plans in depth back in April .
Imendio , a software company that builds applications with GTK + , has called for clean API / ABI breaks at predetermined intervals and an overhaul with the aim of improving portability , simplifying theming and widget creation , and creating architecture that will make language bindings easier to maintain .
GNOME developer Havoc Pennington also published a proposal that called for an integrated scene graph system that would bring richer graphical capabilities to the toolkit .
The first steps towards achieving Pennington 's goals have already been fulfilled by Clutter , a powerful GObject - based graphics framework built by OpenedHand .
The call for a toolkit overhaul was the first major acknowledgment in the GNOME community of the need for change .
In the months leading up to the GUADEC event this year , some GNOME developers began to express a bit of discontent with the general state of the desktop .
This movement started in developer blog entries and gained momentum as other developers picked up on it by reading the Planet GNOME aggregator .
It was given a name by Andy Wingo , who wrote that GNOME had fallen into a state of decadence .
" The problem , as I see it , is that GNOME is in a state of decadence — we largely achieved what we set out to achieve , insofar as it was possible .
Now our hands are full with dealing with entropic decay , " Wingo wrote in a blog entry .
" It does not seem to me that GNOME is on a healthy evolutionary track .
By that I mean to say that there is no way there from here , if ' there ' is universal use of free software , and ' here ' is our existing GNOME software stack . "
The sentiment was echoed by others and eventually spilled over onto the GNOME desktop developer mailing list , where it became a discussion thread about the need for leadership and direction .
The new plan
All of the ennui and frustration eventually took a positive turn and culminated in the plan that was proposed by the GNOME release team at GUADEC .
The GNOME development community will reach 3.0 but will do so without disturbing the users and without discarding the long - standing philosophy of incrementalism .
There will be a GNOME 3.0 , but it will not be what so many envisioned for ToPaZ .
" There are still lots of details to discuss but the important thing is that our proposed mindset for 3.0 is in place for discussion now .
It involves a relatively smooth transition from 2.x to 3.x , a more focused and inclusive development process , long - term development cycles , and more , " wrote GNOME contributor Lucas Rocha in a blog entry .
The GNOME 2.30 release , which will be about a year and a half from now based on GNOME 's standard six - month release cycle , is what the developers have decided to call GNOME 3.0 .
During that time , the GTK + toolkit will undergo its transformation and much of the desktop infrastructure that has been under heavy development will be more mature — this includes Clutter , Vala , PolicyKit , PackageKit , GVFS , D - Conf , and the GTK +
WebKit port .
Some have speculated that the GNOME 3.0 transition will be like the somewhat controversial development KDE 4 , but such speculation is n't consistent with the details available about the release plan .
Unlike KDE 4.0 , which produced impressive innovation and accelerated development at the cost of user trust and overall desktop stability , the GNOME 3.0 plan is less ambitious , largely builds on the GNOME desktop environment 's current strategy , and avoids significant user - visible changes or disruption to basic desktop usability .
06 September 2007 Airstrike
When the facts change ,
I change my mind .
What do you do , sir ?
John Maynard Keynes
" The wicked flee when no man pursueth :
but the righteous are bold as a lion . "
Proverbs 28:1
It appears that the Syrian nuclear program came as a surprise to both the Israelis and the Americans .
Neither had previously acted or spoken as though Syria had nuclear ambitions , and both acted awfully peculiar after the air strike .
This would explain Israeli silence , namely that Syria had been working on it for years and the Israelis had not noticed until very recently .
It would also explain the complete incoherence of the US leakint in the weeks after the event .
If the US had already had a file on the place , the place name would have come out pretty fast , along with a coherent explanation for what it was , but this was not the case .
The sequence of events in the news coverage suggests that the US took the better part of September and October to figure out what was going on and figure out how they missed it .
Syria said its air defences reportedly opened fire on Israeli warplanes flying over the northeast of the country in the early hours of Thursday 06 September 2007 .
Very few facts are known about the alleged incident .
Local residents were reported to have claimed to have heard the sound of five or more planes above the Tal al - Abiad area on Syria 's border with Turkey , around 160 km ( 100 miles ) north of the Syrian city of Rakka .
One Syrian official was quoted by Reuters on 07 September 2007 as saying : " They dropped bombs on an empty area while our air defenses were firing heavily at them . "
The Syrian official news agency SANA stated that Israeli aircraft had " infiltrated Syrian airspace through the northern border coming from the direction of the Mediterranean and headed towards northeastern territory , breaking the sound barrier .
...
The Syrian Arab Republic warns the government of the Israeli enemy and reserves the right to respond according to what it sees fit ... "
Syria warned that it was weighing its response to the Israeli " aggression " .
Syrian Information Minister Mohsen Bilal told Al - Jazeera television that his country was " giving serious consideration to its response ... to this aggression ...
This shows that Israel cannot give up aggression and treachery " .
On 08 September 2007
Turkey asked Israel for clarification after finding two fuel tanks on its territory near the Syrian border allegedly belonging to Israeli warplanes .
The jettisoned fuel tanks were discovered late on Thursday 06 September 2007 in the Turkish provinces of Hatay and Gaziantep , near the Syrian border .
This came a few hours after Damascus had accused Israel of bombing its territory .
The Israeli government and military initially remained silent about the incident .
The Israeli military spokesman 's office said in a statement : " It is not our custom to respond to these kinds of reports . "
But the office typically has commented on such reports .
In October 2003 Israeli warplanes bombed an empty Palestinian militant training camp in Syria .
And in June 2006 , Israeli warplanes flew over a palace in northern Syria while President Bashar al - Assad was inside , in what Damascus condemned as an " act of piracy " .
These operations were confirmed by the Israeli military .
It appeared the government imposed a news blackout on the issue .
A spokeswoman for Prime Minister Ehud Olmert stated that there would be no comment beyond the military statement .
Analysts were initially divided over whether the [ unconfirmed ] flight was a tactic of intimidation , or a reconnaissance mission of some sort , or operation intending to test Syrian air defense systems .
Other hypotheses have posited that Israel was on an intelligence - gathering mission , scouting an air corridor for a future strike against Iran 's nuclear facilities .
On 10 September 2007 a [ background source ] started pitching a story that the air strike had destroyed a uranium pilot enrichment plant that Syria had obtained from North Korea .
As far as can be detected , this story did not have legs at that time and no news organization moved it .
Michael Corleone [ From the Godfather ] observed : " it insults my intelligence -- and makes me very angry . "
On 11 September 2007 a US government official confirmed [ on background ] that Israeli warplanes were targeting weapons from Iran and destined for Hizballah militants in Lebanon .
On 12 September 2007 Mark Mazzetti and Helene Cooper in The New York Times reported that " Officials in Washington said that the most likely targets of the raid were weapons caches that Israel 's government believes Iran has been sending the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah through Syria .
Iran and Syria are Hezbollah 's primary benefactors , and American intelligence officials say a steady flow of munitions from Iran runs through Syria and into Lebanon . "
On 13 September 2007 Glenn Kessler reported in the Washington Post that " ... a former Israeli official said he had been told that it was an attack against a facility capable of making unconventional weapons . "
On 15 September 2007 Glenn Kessler reported in the Washington Post that American sources said that Israel had recently provided the US with evidence -- code named " Orchard " -- that the DPRK had been cooperating with Syria on a nuclear facility .
" The evidence , said to come primarily from Israel , includes dramatic satellite imagery ...
The new information , particularly images received in the past 30 days , has been restricted to a few senior officials ... "
According to one source for this report , the 06 September 2007 air strike appeared to have been linked to the arrival at the Syrian port of Tartus on 03 September 2007 [ three days prior to the strike ] , of a ship carrying material [ " labeled as cement " ] from North Korea .
According to this source , the target of the attack was a Syrian facility " agricultural research center " located " on the Euphrates River , close to the Turkish border " .
Israel had reportedly been monitoring the facility in the belief that Syria was " using it to extract uranium from phosphates " at that location .
On 16 September 2007 the UK newspaper The Observer reported that Israel 's strike against Syria involved as many as eight aircraft , including F - 15s and F - 16s equipped with Maverick missiles and 500 pound bombs , along with an electronic intelligence gathering aircraft .
On 16 September 2007 the Sunday Times reported that an IAF commando team arrived on the ground several days before the attack to direct laser beams at the target for the jets .
On 16 September 2007 the Sunday Times quoted an Israeli source as saying that Syria had been planning a " devastating surprise " for Israel , in the wake of reports that the Israel Air Force carried out an air strike against a North Korean nuclear shipment to Syria .
The paper reported that Israeli sources said planning for the strike began in late spring 2007 when Mossad director Meir Dagan presented Prime Minister Ehud Olmert with evidence that Syria was seeking to buy a nuclear weapon from North Korea .
This news account implies but never actually asserts that the target of the Israeli attack was in fact a North Korean nuclear weapon .
On 16 September 2007 former US ambassador to the UN John Bolton said " it will be very unusual for Israel to conduct such a military operation inside Syria other ( than ) for a very high value target and certainly a Syrian effort in nuclear weapon area will qualify .
...
I think this is a clear message not only to Syria , this is a clear message to Iran as well that its continued efforts to acquire nuclear weapons are not going to go unanswered ... "
Bolton never claims direct knowledge of the facts of the matter , only that a strike against Syrian nuclear capabilities would be in the interest of Israel .
On 16 September 2007 it was reported by AFP that military intelligence chief Amos Yadlin told parliament 's Foreign Affairs and Defence Committee that Israel had recovered its " deterrent capability " after the air strike in Syria .
" The new situation affects the entire region , including Iran and Syria , " local media reported .
But Tzachi Hanegbi , chairman of the parliamentary committee , told reporters he instructed the military intelligence chief to avoid any mention of Syria at a committee meeting .
And Yadlin 's statement to the meeting , " Israel 's deterrence has been rehabilitated since the Lebanon war , and it affects the entire regional system , including Iran and Syria ... " seems to have far more to do with an assessment of the July 2006 Op Change of Direction than it did to striking purported Syrian nuclear capabilities .
When the Yediot Aharonot poll asked Israeli Jews " According to foreign media reports , Israel attacked nuclear targets in Syria .
Do you support or oppose this action ? " .
78 % supported it , only 10 % were opposed .
( The rest gave no opinion . )
By 20 September 2007 the Washington Post editorialized " Media accounts are beginning to converge on a report that Israel bombed a facility where it believed Syria was attempting to hatch its own nuclear weapons program with North Korea 's assistance .
... is beginning to look as if Israel may have carried out the boldest act of nuclear preemption since its own 1981 raid against Iraq 's Osirak nuclear complex .
If so , its silence is shrewd .
It has allowed Syria to avoid a military response ...
The non-news has boosted the previously rock - bottom poll numbers of Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert . "
Writing in the Washington Post on October 7 , 2007 , Jim Hoagland reported that " ... highly classified U.S. intelligence reports say that the Israelis destroyed a nuclear - related facility and caused North Korean casualties at the site , which may have been intended to produce plutonium , according to a senior official with access to those reports .
The Israelis have provided the United States with photographs , physical material and soil samples from the site -- taken both before and after the raid -- according to two independent sources . "
Writing in the Washington Post on October 7 , 2007 , David Ignatius reported that an " informed official " had told him that " ....
Israel 's Sept. 6 strike against a target in Syria ... was an attack on nuclear materials supplied to Syria by North Korea , and that the United States and Israel had shared information before the raid ... the message to Iran is clear : America and Israel can identify nuclear targets and penetrate air defenses to destroy them . "
On 10 October 2007 Syria took journalists on a tour of the site at Dayr az Zawr , Syria that Israel had allegedly bombed .
The New York Times reported the visit on 11 October 2007 , stating that there was no evidence of either a nuclear program or an Israeli air strike at the facility .
Ron Ben - Yishai , a reporter for the daily Yediot Acharonot had visited the site some days previously , and reported that the government facility here was the one attacked during the raid .
The Arab Center for the Studies of Arid Zones and Dry Lands is a government agricultural research center at Deir ez Zor in eastern Syria .
On 14 October 2007
The New York Times reported that the 09 September 2007 Israeli airstrike in Syria was directed against " ... a partly constructed nuclear reactor , apparently modeled on one North Korea has used to create its stockpile of nuclear weapons fuel ... the American and foreign officials said .
They said it would have been years before the Syrians could have used the reactor to produce the spent nuclear fuel ...
The partly constructed Syrian reactor was detected earlier this year by satellite photographs ...
It is possible , some officials said , that the transfer of the technology occurred several years ago . "
この記事を読むのに必要な時間：およそ 2 分
悪魔の習 慣
「 今のままで十分さ ！ なんでわざわざ新しいことしないといけないんだよ。」
仕事が慣れてくると， 居心地が良くなって現状に満足してしまいます。
頑張って心地よい自分の楽園を作ったのですから，
その場所から出たくないというのも当然です。
しかし， 楽園にずっと居座ると自分の成長は止まったままです。
新しい自分を見つける旅にでなければいけません。
今から15年ほど前のことです。筆者は， 周りの人達よりも自分はすごくできる人間だと勘違いしている時期がありました。
エンジニアとして入社2年目を迎えた時， 小規模プロジェクトなのでほとんど1人で全ての工程を任され，
日々， 提案から設計・ 実装， 保守までを必死にこなしていました 。
そんな時， 上司に自分の方ができるのに何故給料が安いのかを訴えた時がありました。上司も筆者の実力のことは， ある程度認めてくれていたので， 筆者の要求したことを考えてくれるのではと期待していました。
しかし， 上司から返ってきた言葉は，
「 天狗になるな⁠ 」 ⁠ でした 。
若かったということもありますが， 身近な人とばかり比較していて自分の成長を止めてしまっていたのです。筆者は，
上司の言葉を聞いて頭を打ちました。
「 決して現状に満足してはいけない。天狗になっては前が見えない。」
今でも， こう考えるようにしています 。
世界は広い。自分よりもすごい人はたくさんいます。そんな人に近づくためにも新しいことをはじめて，
新しい海に飛び込んでいくことが大事なのです。
天使の習 慣
「 昨日よりも新しいことをやるのです。 」
成長していると実感できるのは， 過去の自分と比べて新しいことができた時です。
新しいことをやろうとして， 躊躇している人の多くは，
「 できない理由， やらない理由ばかり考えている 」
からです 。
上司が理解してくれないとか， 周りの環境のせいにして自分にはできないと決めつけているのです。
やりたいと思った瞬間を逃してはいけません。
目の前の川に魚が泳いでいて， その魚が欲しいと思った時に， どうやって捕まえようか？ を考えていては間に合いません 。
まずは，
「 川に飛び込むことです。 」
飛び込んでから捕まえ方を考えれば良いのです。
新しいことをはじめるには，
「 やりながら考える 」
ことが重要です 。
最初から続けることや後のことばかり考えすぎると敷居が高くなってしまい，
どうせダメだからやめておこうと考えてしまいます。
試してダメだったら， あっさりやめればいいし， うまくいかなくても， 別のやり方に切り替えればいいのです 。
According to data just released by the BEA on the " U.S. Net International Investment Position at Yearend 2007 , " foreign - owned assets in the United States increased $ 3,474 billion in 2007 to $ 20,081 billion ( see top chart above ) , representing the largest - ever annual dollar increase , and the largest percentage increase in 20 years ( see bottom chart above ) for foreign investment in the U.S .
From the highlights :
Foreign private holdings of U.S. securities ( other than U.S. Treasury securities ) increased $ 760 billion to $ 6.1 trillion .
Foreign holdings of U.S. bonds increased to $ 3.3 trillion mostly as a result of net foreign purchases , and foreign holdings of U.S. stocks increased to $ 2.8 trillion as a result of both net foreign purchases and price appreciation .
The stock of foreign direct investment in the United States increased $ 271 billion to $ 2.42 trillion .
Fisting and God's Will
The sex act called fisting is a source of confusion and misconceptions for many Christians .
This is unfortunate , because it means that many Christian men and women are depriving themselves of what could be the most spiritual sexual experience of their lives .
Like anal sex and BDSM , fisting is often mistakenly associated with the gay community or is considered a sex act too extreme to be appropriate for Christian couples .
Not only are these views incorrect , but fisting actually has a scriptural precedent , as we will show .
The Fist of Might
Over and over in the scriptures , the hand and fist of God are described as a symbol of His awesome power and the means through which this power manifests : " O God , God of our ancestors , are you not God in heaven above and ruler of all kingdoms below ?
You hold all power and might in your fist . ”
( 2 Chronicles 20:6 )
Of course , the Old Testament often makes reference to God smiting his enemies with his fist or striking down the wicked with his hand , but it is also the means through which he administers his blessings and benevolence to the righteous : ” You open Your hand and satisfy the desire of every living thing . ” ( Psalms 145:16 )
Through the hand of the Lord , he guides us to do his will , touches our lives , expresses
His love , and provides for our needs with His abundance .
The biblical significance of the hand is important , because in the act of fisting , one partner ( usually male ) inserts his entire hand and fist into the vagina or rectum of his partner .
Rather than copulating with his penis , he penetrates her with his fist .
Given the powerful symbolism of the fist , it is no surprise that couples who have partaken in the practice of fisting have described it as being a profoundly spiritual experience .
On a symbolic and sexual level , a wife who is fisted by her husband has the experience of surrendering completely to the divine love and power of the Lord , as embodied by her partner ’s hand .
The husband in turn has the experience of touching and caressing her inwardly , in such a deep and intimate manner as God touches our own souls with His grace .
Powerful Yet Gentle
In the Song of Solomon , the Bible describes the act of fisting and the profound erotic bliss it induces :
It is the voice of my beloved !
He knocks , saying , " Open for me , my sister , my love , My dove , my perfect one ” … My love thrust his hand through the opening , and my feelings were stirred for him .
( Song of Solomon 5:2 -4 )
Here we see the lover gently coaxing his companion to open up to him , metaphorically “ knocking at her door , ” preparing her sexually and emotionally to receive his hand inside her .
Gradually he works more and more fingers into her , until the moment when her vagina yields and his hand slips fully inside her , thrusting “ through the opening . ”
She then describes the powerful passion that this arouses in her as she envelopes his entire hand inside her body .
Many couples describe this moment , as the fist makes full penetration into the vaginal opening , as transcendent and a sexual revelation .
As the woman ’s body accommodates her husband ’s hand , both may experience a sense of physical , sexual , emotional , and spiritual oneness .
Some common misconceptions about fisting are that it is very painful or that it is somehow violent or abusive .
This is far from the truth , and as we can see from the above description , it can be a gentle , loving , and highly erotic act .
Fisting does not have to be painful if it is performed correctly , using enough lubrication and patience .
The hand is inserted in a slow and controlled manner , and is preceded and followed by other sexual stimulation which may lead to orgasm .
Both the vagina and the rectum are extremely elastic – a vagina , after all , can stretch to accommodate a full - term baby .
And in fact , a woman who has been blessed with motherhood can more easily enjoy fisting because her vaginal opening is more flexible .
The act of fisting is physically challenging to perform , requiring patience on the part of the active partner , and relaxation on the part of the receiving partner .
It can not be rushed , and the two participants must communicate closely , with the fister carefully observing and attending to his partner ’s comfort and limits , and the fistee directing her partner as to when to push forward and hold back as he works his hand into her .
A Christian couple can use fisting to build trust and intimacy between them , as well as strengthening their relationship with the Lord .
Fisting as an Act of Faith
Before attempting fisting , a Christian husband and wife should pray together and ask for divine guidance .
The husband should ask that God guide his hand and work through him , and for the skill and patience to fist his wife correctly and maximize her pleasure .
The wife should pray for openness and readiness to receive God ’s love and grace in the form of her husband ’s hand .
Both should treat the act of fisting as a divine spiritual mystery to be entered into with reverence and awe , especially the husband .
In another spiritual interpretation of fisting , as he inserts his hand into his wife ’s vagina , a man is symbolically re-enacting the moment of truth following Christ ’s resurrection from the tomb , when Doubting Thomas touches the wounds in the Savior ’s flesh :
Then He said to Thomas , " Put your finger here and observe My hands .
Reach out your hand and put it into My side .
Do n't be an unbeliever , but a believer . ” ( John 20:27 ) Thomas ’ doubt would not be satisfied until he physically felt the wounds in Christ ’s body and penetrated His flesh with his hand .
Likewise , the spiritual and sexual power of fisting cannot be known unless experienced physically .
Role Reversal
So far we have only discussed a husband fisting his wife , but some couples may wonder if it is appropriate for a wife to fist her husband if he enjoys anal stimulation .
In most cases , a wife indulging her husband ’s desire to receive light anal play is not problematic in the context of a healthy sexual relationship .
A wife may even anally penetrate her partner with a strap - on dildo if he enjoys this , and if their respective roles as husband and wife are secure outside of the bedroom .
However , because of the intense nature of the act of fisting and the degree of surrender and submission involved in being fisted , a couple should first look deeply into their own hearts and pray for guidance as to whether it is wise for the wife to fist the husband .
They should undertake this only if their relationship is such that the husband can assume a submissive and passive role during a sexual act , while afterward still maintaining his role as the spiritual head of the household and leader in the marriage .
Our article on Christian BDSM also addresses this issue .
はじめに
この連載では " ファイルシステムの作り方 "
をご紹介します。第1回目の今回は簡単なイントロダクションと単純なHello Worldファイルシステムの作り方を説明します。次回以降で詳しい解説と本格的なファイルシステムの作り方をご紹介しようと思います。
ファイルシステムと は
まず、この連載で作るファイルシステムとは一体どのようなものか簡単に説明します。ファイルシステムとは、一言でいえばオペレーティングシステム（OS）が持つコンピュータ資源管理機能の一つです。少し詳しく述べると、ハードディスクなどの補助記憶装置に格納されたデータ（資源）にアクセスするためのインターフェイスを持つ抽象モデルを提供するコンピュータシステム、を指します。代表的なファイルシステムとして、WindowsのNTFS、Linuxのext3、Mac OSのHFS などのファイルシステムがあります。
今回の連載では、簡単にするため、つぎに示す「パス 」、「ファイル 」 、「ディレクトリ」という3つの用語を使ってファイルシステムを定義します。
パス
ファイルやディレクトリを指し示す文字列。
（C:\Windows \System32\cmd.exeや/var/log/httpdなど)
ファイルやディレクトリを指し示す文字列。 （C:\Windows \System32\cmd.exeや/var/log/httpdなど ) ファイル
データ（バイト列）の読み書きなどができるオブジェクト。
データ（バイト列）の読み書きなどができるオブジェクト。 ディレクトリ
ファイルやディレクトリの一覧の取得などができるオブジェクト。
関連スポンサーコンテンツ
ファイルシステムとは、パスを指定することでファイルやディレクトリを指定し、さらにそれらのオブジェクトを使って、データの読み書きやファイル一覧の取得など実現する仕組み、ということになります。
図1:ファイルシステムの仕組み
普段何気なくエクスプローラを使ってディレクトリを移動してファイルを保存したり開いたりする行為も、ファイルシステムによって実現されているのです。
なぜファイルシステムを作るか
次になぜファイルシステムを作るのか説明をしたいと思います。これは言い換えれば、「どうして今さらファイルシステムを作る必要があるのか？」ということです。
この疑問はとても自然です。というのも、ファイルシステムは単純にデータを管理するための手段で、私たちが日常コンピュータを利用する上で、すでに十分なファイルシステムは提供されています。もちろん、一昔前は扱えるファイルサイズやファイル名の長さなどに幾分厳しい制限があり、不満を感じた人もいるかもしれません。ですが、最近のファイルシステムに対してそういった意味で問題を感じることはほとんどないと思います。
そういった意味でファイルシステムを新しく作る必要性はないように思えます。
ところが、実は近年、ファイルシステムの進歩は留まるどころかむしろ加速している、というのが著者の見解です。
最近登場した新しいOSに、ファイルを過去の状態に復元する機能が相次いで搭載されました。たとえばWindows Vistaのシャドウコピー やMac
OS Xのタイムマシーンがそうです。実はこれらの機能はファイルシステムによって実現されています。この他にも、最近のファイルシステムには暗号化や圧縮といった機能が搭載されていることが珍しくありません。
ここで浮かび上がってくるのが次の疑問です。
なぜファイルシステムに機能を付加するのか？
上であげたような機能は、ファイルシステムでなくとも、専用のアプリケーションやシステムで実現することが可能です。実際、多くのそういったアプリケーションやシステムが存在します。
複数の選択肢の中でなぜファイルシステムとして機能を実現するのでしょうか？その答えは、ファイルシステムがだれでも使える「インターフェイス」だからです。ファイルシステムをインターフェイスと言うことに違和感を感じるかもしれませんが、要するに、エクスプローラ（やコマンドラインのシェル）を使って、ファイルやディレクトリを操作できるというのは、「パソコンが使える」人であればまず備えている基本中の基本スキルだからです。
誰でも使える 「ブラウザ」を通じて機能を提供する「
Webサービス」がインターフェイスとして広く受け入れられたのと同じ理由で、ファイルシステムも非常に優れたインターフェイスになりうるのです。
このインターフェイスとしてのファイルシステムに注目したシステムにDecasがあります。Decasは著者らによって開発された、2006年度下期
IPA未踏ユース採択プロジェクト「データ管理システム」の開発成果です。この連載で利用するDokanライブラリもこのプロジェクトの開発成果になります。Decasはバックアップや暗号化、バージョン管理といった機能をモジュールとして動的にファイルシステムに追加できるようにした、新しいタイプのシステムです。ファイルシステムとして実現することで、利用者に特別な操作を強いることなく、自然な形でファイルの管理を実現しています。
図2:データ管理システムDecas（バージョン管理機能）
Hello Worldファイルシステム
では、いよいよファイルシステムの作り方について説明します。今回紹介するのはDokanライブラリとそのRubyバインディングを使ってファイルシステムを開発する方法です。
Rubyバインディングはとても簡単にファイルシステムを開発できる反面、あまり処理効率の良いものは作れないことに注意してください。より実用的なファイルシステムの開発については次回以降で解説します。
Dokanライブラリのインストール
まずは、今回の主役 、Windows用ユーザモードファイルシステムライブラリDokanのインストールです。Dokanライブラリは現在オープンソースで開発が進められており、誰でも自由に利用することができます。このDokanライブラリの詳しい仕組みについては次回で解説します。ここでは単にファイルシステムを実現するためのライブラリと捉えておいてください。
サイト（http://dokan-dev.net/）から圧縮ファイルをダウンロードして展開するとWindows Vista用 とWindows XP用のインストーラが含まれていますので、適切な方を実行してください。基本的にインストーラの指示に従って進めばインストールが完了します。
もし、すでに古 いDokanライブラリをインストール済みで新しいものにアップデートする場合は、1)古いライブラリをアンインストール、2)OSを再起動、3)新しいライブラリをインストールする必要があります。
インストールが完了したら、正しくDokanライブラリが機能しているかを確認します。コマンドプロンプトを起動して、Dokanライブラリをインストールしたディレクトリ（ここではC:\Program Files\Dokan\DokanLibrary）に移動して、次のコマンドを実行してください。
> dokanctrl.exe /
v
dokanctl : Jun 7 2008 17:11:58
Dokan version : 166
Dokan driver version : 166
Dokanライブラリが正しくインストールされていれば、上のようにバージョン番号が表示されます。
Rubyバインディングの入手
Rubyバインディングとは、RubyからDokanライブラリの機能を呼び出して、Rubyでファイルシステムを簡単に作るためのRubyの拡張ライブラリです。ですので、実行には別途Rubyの実行環境が必要になります。Windowsで動作するRuby環境はhttp://www.ruby-lang.org/の情報を参考に導入してください。今回はActiveScriptRuby1.8.7(p22)を使用しました。
Rubyバインディング はDokanライブラリと同じサイトから提供されています。インストールは特に必要なく、圧縮ファイルを展開してできたファイルのうち、dokanfs.rbとdokan_lib.soをRubyの実行環境から読める位置（Rubyスクリプトと同じディレクトリ）に置けば動作します。
Hello Worldファイルシステムの実行
以上で開発の準備が整いました。今回開発するHello Worldファイルシステムのコードはとても短いので、まずは入力して実行してみましょう。
require ' dokanfs ' class HelloFS def contents path [ " hello.txt " ] end def file ?
path path =~ /hello.txt / end def directory ?
path path == " / " end def read_file path " hello world " end def size path " hello world " .
length end end DokanFS.set_root( HelloFS.new ) DokanFS.mount_under ( "r " ) DokanFS.run
hellofs.rb
プログラムの起動 ：
> ruby hellofs.rb > hellofs.log
プログラムの終了 ：
> dokanctl.exe /u r
図3 : HelloFSの実行結果
スクリプトを実行するとRドライブが出現し、そのRドライブにあるhello.txtを開くとhello worldと表示されます。もしすでにRドライブを割り当てている場合、スクリプトは失敗してしまうので、コードの26行目の"r"
を適宜修正してください。
Hello Worldファイルシステムの解説
無事にファイルシステムが作れたところで、それぞれのメソッドについて解説をします。
file ?
指定されたパスで指定されているオブジェクトがファイルかどうかを返します。ここでは、hello.txtであればtrueを返すようにしています。
指定されたパスで指定されているオブジェクトがファイルかどうかを返します。ここでは、hello.txtであればtrueを返すようにしています。 directory ?
指定されたパスで指定されているオブジェクトがディレクトリかどうかを返します。ここでは、/（最上位のディレクトリ、ルートディレクトリ）であればtrueを返すようにしています。
指定されたパスで指定されているオブジェクトがディレクトリかどうかを返します。ここでは、/（最上位のディレクトリ、ルートディレクトリ）であればtrueを返すようにしています。
contents
指定されたパス（ディレクトリを仮定）に含まれるファイルやディレクトリの一覧を返します。ここでは、無条件にhello.txtを1つのみを含むリストを返しています。本来ならディレクトリごとに異なった内容を返すべきですが、今回はルートディレクトリにhello.txtが1つだけある状態を作り出すファイルシステムなのでこれでOKです。
指定されたパス（ディレクトリを仮定）に含まれるファイルやディレクトリの一覧を返します。ここでは、無条件にhello.txtを1つのみを含むリストを返しています。本来ならディレクトリごとに異なった内容を返すべきですが、今回はルートディレクトリにhello.txtが1つだけある状態を作り出すファイルシステムなのでこれでOKです。 read_file
指定されたパス（ファイルを仮定）のデータを読み込んで返します。ここでは、無条件に" hello world " という文字列を返しています。
指定されたパス（ファイルを仮定）のデータを読み込んで返します。ここでは、無条件に" hello world " という文字列を返しています。 size
指定されたパス（ファイルを仮定）のサイズを返します。ここでは、無条件に" hello world " という文字列のサイズを返しています。
では次に、実際にファイルシステムがどのように動作したのかを見てみましょう。Rubyバインディングはログを出力するようになっているので、hellofs.logを見ることで、どのような順番でメソッドが呼び出されたかを知ることができます。
#open /autorun.inf #open /autorun.inf #opendir / #cleanup / #open / AutoRun.inf ... #opendir / #readdir / # stat /hello.txt #cleanup / #open / desktop.ini #open /desktop.ini #opendir / #opendir / #cleanup / ... #open /hello.txt #read /hello.txt #close /hello.txt ...
図 4 : hello world が表示されるまでの流れ
上のリストはエクスプローラでRドライブを開き、次にhello.txtを開くという動作のみを行ったときのログを抜粋したものです。また、ログを元にhello worldが表示されるまでの流れを図解したものを図4に示します。たったこれだけの操作を実現するために非常に多くのメソッドが実行されていることがわかります。ただ、このログの多さはエクスプローラがユーザの操作とは別に「先読み」をするためでもあります。同様の操作をコマンドプロンプトから実行した場合のログと比べてみるとエクスプローラがいかに貪欲に「探索」しているかがわかります。
以上で、第1回目はおしまいです。この記事で少しでもファイルシステムについて興味を持って頂ければ幸いです。次回は詳しい仕組みと実用的なファイルシステムの作り方をご紹介します。どうぞお楽しみに。
著者につい て
荒川 淳平( あらかわ じゅんぺい ) : 東京工業高等専門学校情報工学科を卒業したのち、電気通信大学情報工学科の3年次に編入学し同学科を卒業。その後、東京大学大学院情報理工学系研究科にて創造情報学を専攻。専門はソフトウェアデザイン、システムソフトウェア。DecasやDokanを含むプロジェクト「データ管理システム」は情報処理推進機構( IPA ) 2006 年度下期 未踏ソフトウェア創造事業(ユース)に採択され、天才プログラマー／スーパークリエータの認定を受ける。現在、東京大学大学院博士後期過程に在籍中。情報理工学修士。また、電気通信大学在学中に株式会社インフォクラフトを設立。現在、同社代表取締役。
" You fasten the triggers For the others to fire Then you sit back and watch
When the death count gets higher
You hide in your mansion
As young people 's blood Flows out of their bodies
And is buried in the mud " " Masters of War , " ---Bob Dylan , 1963 __________________________________
" We can dance , we can dance , we can dance , we can dance tonight Come on just move your body Come on just move your body " " Not Leaving Without You , " --- Paris Hilton , 2006 By MARC MCDONALD Back in the 1960s , even the biggest - selling music artists routinely released songs that protested the Vietnam War and demanded change .
From John Lennon ( " Give Peace A Chance " ) to the Rolling Stones ( " Street Fighting Man " ) to Bob Dylan ( " Masters of War " ) the pop charts were full of protest songs .
Today , we 're living in an era that is like the 1960s in many ways .
The nation 's social fabric has been torn asunder .
An unpopular war based on lies rages on .
And the occupant in the White House is a crook who makes even Richard Nixon look like a good president .
In short , America is going down the toilet .
But unlike the 1960s , if you listen to today 's music , you'd be unaware that there was any problem at all with today 's America .
The top pop stars of today have little to say about anything .
Outside of some of the socially conscious hip - hop artists , today 's music stars are content to peddle the most bland , innocuous lyrics imaginable .
Mostly , the songs are about sex , sex , and more sex .
If there 's any message at all , it 's : " Be apathetic .
Do n't use your brain .
Be a good little consumer . "
The shame of it all is that there 's probably never been an era in American history that cried out more for protest songs .
Today , America is saddled with an unbelievably corrupt occupant in the White House .
George W. Bush is guilty of a long list of serious crimes , from embracing torture as official state policy to illegal wiretaps to lying America into a $ 3 trillion fiasco of a war .
What 's worse is that our nation 's mainstream media has failed in its responsibility to inform the American people about Bush 's crimes .
Indeed , " journalists " like the Judith Miller of The New York Times actually worked hand - in - hand with the White House , to sell Bush 's war to the American people .
Given this sad state of affairs , one might think that at least some of today 's pop stars would be inclined to speak out about the ongoing crisis in America .
The crimes of Bush and Cheney could easily be the inspiration for hundreds of protest songs .
But sadly , this is n't the case .
Today 's pampered pop and rock stars are quite content to sit in their mansions and count their cash and refuse to speak out on the issues of the day , much less write songs about them .
And as a result , our radio stations and pop charts today are full of the most sugary , banal , shallow dross imaginable .
In fact , there 's probably never been an era in U.S. musical history where popular music was as sanitized and apolitical as it is today .
True , there is the occasional exception ( like when the Dixie Chicks dared to speak up against Bush ) .
As a result , their career took a hit when Clear Channel yanked the group 's songs from its radio stations .
The band even received death threats from the NeoCon Bush supporters .
Most other top artists , though , have failed to follow the Dixie Chicks ' lead and speak out .
It 's clear that they are cowards who are afraid any sort of risks of damaging their commercial prospects .
( Of course , it 's also possible that they simply do n't give a sh*t about what 's going on in America ) .
I 'm not sure which is worse : apathy , or cowardice --- but today 's pop stars are similar to the mainstream media in that they lack a spine and they 're only concerned about making as much money as possible .
Ironically , despite the blatant commercialism of today 's pop scene , music sales continue to plunge in the U.S .
The big record labels complain endlessly about this .
They point the finger of blame at file - sharing services .
The latter , no doubt , have some of the blame --- but I believe the main culprit is that today 's music just plain sucks .
The best pop / rock music has always been risk - taking , rebellious , bold and creative .
That 's the polar opposite of today 's sad line - up of Britney , Paris Hilton , Justin Timberlake and their endless clones .
Meanwhile , here 's a salute to some of the best protest music of yesteryear : " Ohio , " ---Crosby , Stills , Nash & Young , 1970 .
" I- Feel - Like - I 'm - Fixin ' - To - Die Rag , " ---Country Joe & the Fish , 1967 .
" The Revolution Will Not Be Televised , " --- Gil Scott - Heron , 1970 .
" Power To The People , " --- John Lennon , 1971 .
" The Call Up , " --- by The Clash , 1980 .
" For What It 's Worth , " ----Buffalo Springfield , 1967 .
" Shipbuilding , " --- Elvis Costello , 1982 .
" Between the Wars , " --- Billy Bragg , 1985 .
" Talkin ' World War III Blues , " --- Bob Dylan , 1963 .
" Waist Deep in the Big Muddy , " --- Pete Seeger , 1967 .
" Get Up , Stand Up , " --- Bob Marley , 1973 .
Marc McDonald Social Media Pages :
The creator of the progressive site , BeggarsCanBeChoosers.com , Marc McDonald is an award - winning journalist who worked for 15 years for several Texas newspapers , including the Fort Worth Star - Telegram , before he quit his day job and set up shop ( more ...
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
1 . The classic Story mode is gone .
Remember that whole “ trekking across the world ” thing ?
You ’d choose the next location and there would be some crazy rules for each match , like “ you ’ve been poisoned ” or “ the arena is made of quicksand ” or “ avoid the burning rats ” ?
It was brilliant , and considered by many to be the best story mode in the history of fighting games .
Yeah , that ’s been thrown out .
So has Chronicles of the Sword mode from SCIII , in which you moved your fighters around the map like a strategy board game .
Instead , every character has a unique storyline that takes them through a whopping ( or not ) five or six matches – so it ’s not even as long as arcade mode .
And while the plotlines are unique , the actual fights tend to follow very similar themes as far as number of enemies fought per match , location , final boss and so on .
It ’s not as good as before .
Luckily , there ’s also the Tower of Lost Souls mode , which is basically a never - ending series of matches with unusual conditions , very similar to the old story mode .
But it ’s not as good as the old story mode either .
2. PS3 owners are going to want to install it .
15 - 20 seconds of loading before story matches might not seem like a long time , but when you ’re waiting to shove a lightsaber down Ivy ’s cleavage , it might as well be an hour .
3 . There are more than 30 characters , but somehow there are still some missing .
Obviously , Link , Spawn , and Heihachi from Soulcalibur II are gone , but they ’re not the only ones .
Edge Master ?
Absent .
Inferno ?
AWOL .
That bizarre owl - headed dude Olcadan ?
Off delivering letters for Harry Potter , apparently .
Hwang ’s been hung out to dry .
Charade is gone .
Necrid ’s nowhere .
Arthur , the katana - wielding Mitsurugi - alike from SCIII ( and also the Korean version of the first SC , we ’re told by the internet ) has vanished , and almost none of the zillion minor characters from SCIII , like Abelia , Luna , Abyss , Chester and Strife , have returned .
4 . We take it back – Link IS in the game .
He ’s just dressed in drag .
Okay , we ’re kidding , but take a look at elf - eared , rune - foreheaded anime princess Scheherazade and tell us she ’s not hiding out from some RPG .
It ’s pretty obvious she was designed by a guest artist ( a famous one in Japan , actually ) .
1 . The classic Story mode is gone .
Remember that whole “ trekking across the world ” thing ?
You ’d choose the next location and there would be some crazy rules for each match , like “ you ’ve been poisoned ” or “ the arena is made of quicksand ” or “ avoid the burning rats ” ?
It was brilliant , and considered by many to be the best story mode in the history of fighting games .
Yeah , that ’s been thrown out .
So has Chronicles of the Sword mode from SCIII , in which you moved your fighters around the map like a strategy board game .
Instead , every character has a unique storyline that takes them through a whopping ( or not ) five or six matches – so it ’s not even as long as arcade mode .
And while the plotlines are unique , the actual fights tend to follow very similar themes as far as number of enemies fought per match , location , final boss and so on .
It ’s not as good as before .
Luckily , there ’s also the Tower of Lost Souls mode , which is basically a never - ending series of matches with unusual conditions , very similar to the old story mode .
But it ’s not as good as the old story mode either .
2. PS3 owners are going to want to install it .
15 - 20 seconds of loading before story matches might not seem like a long time , but when you ’re waiting to shove a lightsaber down Ivy ’s cleavage , it might as well be an hour .
3 . There are more than 30 characters , but somehow there are still some missing .
Obviously , Link , Spawn , and Heihachi from Soulcalibur II are gone , but they ’re not the only ones .
Edge Master ?
Absent .
Inferno ?
AWOL .
That bizarre owl - headed dude Olcadan ?
Off delivering letters for Harry Potter , apparently .
Hwang ’s been hung out to dry .
Charade is gone .
Necrid ’s nowhere .
Arthur , the katana - wielding Mitsurugi - alike from SCIII ( and also the Korean version of the first SC , we ’re told by the internet ) has vanished , and almost none of the zillion minor characters from SCIII , like Abelia , Luna , Abyss , Chester and Strife , have returned .
4 . We take it back – Link IS in the game .
He ’s just dressed in drag .
Okay , we ’re kidding , but take a look at elf - eared , rune - foreheaded anime princess Scheherazade and tell us she ’s not hiding out from some RPG .
It ’s pretty obvious she was designed by a guest artist ( a famous one in Japan , actually ) .
5 . Some of the new characters are considered scrubs , even by the game .
Angol Fear ( not to be confused with Algol , the new boss ) , Shura , Ashlotte , Kamikirimusi , and Scheherazade do n’t get their own portraits on the character select screen – they ’re all just under a single tile called “ extra characters ” .
They also have fewer customization options and you ca n’t select their fighting styles when you ’re creating your own character .
It ’s probably because they ’re mostly just palette swaps of existing characters ( Shura is just Cervantes with lady parts , for example ) , but it ’s still odd , especially because Shura ’s story definitely seems to be setting her up as a major player in the next game .
6 . The Secret Apprentice is Luke Skywalker ’s brother .
Maybe .
The game does n’t state this explicitly and we ’ve no idea how it could be explained in canon – it ’s not like cloning is an epidemic in the Star Wars universe or anything , right ?
And LucasArts claims the face of Darth Vader ’s secret apprentice Starkiller is modeled after that of his voice actor Sam Witwer .
So there ’s evidence against our theory , we ’ll admit .
However , after all that is said , all we see and hear when playing as Starkiller is Hayden Christiansen , only cooler , almost like how we wanted Anakin Skywalker to be .
Now , what movies has Hayden been in lately ?
What ’s that , you say ?
“ Jumper ” ?
Yeah , you ’re hilarious .
Now shut up .
We 'd originally planned to post this on Friday to give everyone time to comment , but as there 's clearly some effort in the threads to come up with some new systems , we think this might be a good time to suggest our ideas a day early , as we think it might fit in very well with what people are saying .
We must first assure people that nothing will be done that breaches confidentiality and every effort shall be made to preserve posts and comments .
Also , thanks to the people who are volunteering , and particular thanks to those who acknowledged all the hard work we 've done over the last year and a half .
Looking at the amount of volunteering , it looks like there are still some possibilities left , but the move is towards more communal writing and , looking at how much people say they could do , it does n't look as if we could maintain the blog at the levels of content it was set up for ( especially because real life always intervenes and illnesses , family business , work crises and so on mean that there are always a proportion of contributors able to write less than they 'd planned ) .
In addition , we know from exhausting experience ( and you all know from frustrating experience ) that handling roundtables with TBAT as coordinators can take ages , and to be honest , we 're burned out on that process .
If people want to work together , there 's no reason why they should have to go through us ; it would be a lot less unwieldy .
So , it looks as if the proposed plans are something better handled by the community as a whole than by us as organisers - which fits in with what we 've all been feeling lately , which is that we'd like to move on to other projects .
We believe it was the right thing to do to withdraw from commenting on this blog - changing from regular commentariat members to administrator - editor - mods was a very problematic way of taking on mod status , and the repercussions were probably never going to go away no matter what we did ( off - board , there was drama about it right from the beginning , well before any open controversies , and again , we 've just had our fill of it ) - but it 's pretty unrewarding for us to simply edit and code - crunch on a blog we can't join the conversations on .
We 'd like to call it quits , part friends , and wish everyone else the best of luck in making something out of it .
So , here 's what we want to do : hand over to a more community - based approach .
Here 's how we think it could best be done technically : 1. Handing over the ' keys ' to this place would , given some of the confidences we 've received since beginning here , create some serious privacy problems .
Shutting it down entirely , on the other hand , would lose everyone 's posts and comments , and leave old - timers looking for this place lost .
It would , though , be technically doable to freeze this place as an archive with a redirecting link at the top , which would avoid both problems .
Were it frozen , it would n't require any more money to maintain .
2 .
We can set up a new place for the community that allows for a more broad - based way of editing and contributing content .
Depending on how people choose to organise themselves in the future , we could either set it up for newly - selected moderators or have it open to contributing content from whoever asks us to e-mail them the password .
( Assuming they 're known community members , obviously , not just any old troll . ) 3 .
We think we should move to system that does n't require donations ( in other words , something free ) , as that gives everyone a level playing field and removes the ticking clock that financial pressures can create .
Again , this is perfectly doable .
4 .
Some of the other things suggested could be done very easily ( for example , suggestion boxes and prompt lists . ) 5 .
The community will decide amongst itself whether it wants to elect one or more new organisers or proceed on a more open platform .
Should you want to have an election , we can put up voting buttons if needed .
So , to sum up : TBAT is resigning , wishing everyone the best .
Nothing is perfect , but we 'll help you set up a new system that should avoid most of the potential problems of a hand - over and can be tailored to your preferences before we go .
The Board Administration Team
( hapax , Kit Whitfield and mmy )
afterdowningstreet.org
Nixon , Cheney , and Le Deluge
By David Swanson
Congressman Dennis Kucinich ’s resolution to impeach Vice President Dick Cheney now has more cosponsors signed onto it than any resolution to impeach President Richard Nixon ever had .
But separate resolutions to impeach Nixon , some with a handful of cosponsors , many with no cosponsors at all , were filed by the dozens .
Today , Kucinich ’s resolution stands alone .
“ Back in 1973 , ” Barbara Ellis wrote in a recent paper that has inspired a new strategy among advocates of impeachment , “ nearly 90 Democratic House members banded together to hopper separate bills to impeach Nixon .
Two - thirds of them were to investigate whether Nixon ’s deeds rose to the level of Constitutional standards for impeachment ; the other third were plain - vanilla articles of impeachment .
In October alone , a flood of 40 bills were filed in that Democratic - controlled House . ”
Today there are 50 or 60 members of Congress who openly or secretly support impeachment or impeachment hearings for Cheney .
There are 26 who have signed onto actual articles of impeachment ( Kucinich ’s resolution ) , several others who have signed onto a letter to Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers urging impeachment hearings , several others who have made public comments suggesting they favor the hearings , and several more who signed on during the last Congress to Conyers ’ resolution to create a “ preliminary impeachment investigation . ”
Conyers has not reintroduced that bill .
A group of citizen activists from around the country has been meeting with members of Congress and their staffers to argue a case for recreating what they are calling the Nixon flooding plan .
If , they argue , just the 30 or 40 members who are currently pushing for Cheney ’s impeachment were to file their own resolutions , the impact would be far greater than simply adding more names to Kucinich ’s bill or to a Dear Colleague letter .
All that is needed , in other words , to move impeachment forward in the House might be for those who already claim to support it to put their printers where their mouths are and crank out a couple of dozen new bills .
In the Nixonian example , many of the bills introduced were very short and simple , and many were nearly identical to each other .
Others picked out a few favorites from the list of available abuses by that president .
In the case of Dick Cheney ( or George Bush , for that matter ) , Congress Members could turn to the recent example of Congressman Jay Inslee ’s short and simple resolution to open an impeachment hearing on Attorney General Alberto Gonzales .
( Thirty - two members got behind that bill , and surely more would have signed on had Gonzales not resigned .
Now , Gonzales ’ replacement is repeating his crimes and abuses of power , but impeaching Mukasey would just highlight the fact that Bush and Cheney are giving the orders and that the Senate approved a clone of Gonzales as his replacement . )
Beyond Gonzales - style resolutions that simply create hearings , pro-Constitution congress members could pick from a select menu of those abuses in which ( unlike most of the Bush - Cheney abuses )
Congress has not been complicit .
These include rewriting laws with signing statements and proceeding to violate numerous statutes , refusals to turn over information , misleading Congress , refusals to comply with subpoenas , ordering former staffers not to comply with subpoenas , refusals to enforce contempt citations , commuting the sentence of a former top staffer who obstructed an investigation that involved Cheney and Bush , exposure of an undercover agent as punishment for a whistleblower , running a secret energy task force in violation of open - government laws , profiting through no -bid contracts to a war profiteer , election fraud , and the criminally negligent response to Hurricane Katrina .
Barbara Ellis , the author of the paper excerpted above , is an impeachment activist in Oregon and a member of a group called the National Coalition of We the People .
Three members of this group , Michael Greenman from Ohio , Marcia Meyers from Oregon , and Carl McCargo from Massachusetts , traveled to Washington , D.C. , last week and met with 32 congressional offices , in some cases with members and in others with staff .
They intentionally included among those they spoke with some of the leaders of the original Nixon Flooding Plan who are still in Congress : Pete Stark ( CA - 8 ) , John Conyers ( MI - 1 ) , William Lacy Clay ( MO - 1 ) , David Obey ( WI - 7 ) , and Charles Rangel ( NY - 19 ) .
They brought along a packet of information that included Ellis ’s paper :
Click to access floodwhitepaper.pdf
A partial list of the bills introduced against Nixon :
Click to access floodappendices.pdf
Arguments in favor of this approach :
Click to access floodwhy.pdf
And a cover letter :
Click to access floodcoverletter.pdf
The group reported on their congressional visits : “ The Nixon Flooding Plan was met with high interest from all of our 32 Congressional contacts as a practical strategy for helping them to live up to that oath of office .
Using our networking knowledge of and confidence in the millions of Americans passionate about impeachment , we promised those who take up the Nixon plan national recognition and support and offered sample investigation / impeachment bills for their convenience in drafting such a bill .
One constant heard from House members and / or their key staffers was their message : ‘ We need to hear from our constituents ’ about trying that multiple - bill approach .
“ So the main effort we ’re launching is a drive in the national impeachment movement for a “ National Call for Impeachment Bills . ”
We ’ll focus on the week of March 16 – 22 to flood House members with our support for either bills on investigations for impeachment or articles of impeachment .
“ One message House members need to hear is that participants in that Nixon plan were re-elected in 1974 ( five are still in the House ) .
Only two participants were not re-elected , but not because of hoppering an impeachment bill against Nixon .
Republican Paul McCloskey lost to a Democrat ; and Bill Roy ran for Senate .
Not only did the Democrats control the House in 1973 - 75 ( 242-192-1 ) ) , but they added nearly 50 more members ( 291 - 144 ) three months after Nixon resigned . ”
Congressman Kucinich has drafted over 50 articles of impeachment against Bush , and he should be encouraged to introduce those soon .
But he and every member of Congress should be encouraged to introduce their own favorite resolution with regard to Cheney , even if it ’s simply a proposal to hold impeachment hearings .
The week of March 16 - 22 is a week when Congress Members are home in the districts .
It ’s also the five - year point in the occupation of Iraq .
A number of impeachment groups led by Code Pink have already designated the 18th a day for impeachment events .
Why not plan now to pay a visit to your congress member ’s local office that week ?
More on what ’s happening that week can be found at http://resistinmarch.org
Due to traditional beliefs about male virility , many men worldwide shun vasectomy , reducing the efficacy of this reliable method of contraception .
For most men , the idea of vasectomy ,
a surgical procedure to cut and close off the tubes that deliver sperm
from the testicles , is a complete no - can - do associated with being sexually
dysfunctional in the male psyche .
According to the latest issue of Population
Reports , titled " Vasectomy : Reaching
Out to New Users , "
published by the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health ,
vasectomy is simpler and more cost effective than female sterilization
and offers men a way to share responsibility for family planning .
" The most entrenched and powerful
rumors concern manhood , masculinity , and sexual performance .
Many men
confuse vasectomy with castration and fear , incorrectly , that vasectomy
will make them impotent , " says the report .
But in fact , " Castration involves removal of the testicles .
In contrast , vasectomy leaves the testicles intact , and they continue
to produce male hormones . "
The procedure
which typically takes from 15 - 30 minutes and usually causes few complications
and no change in sexual function is one of the most reliable forms of
contraception .
Though it does not offer protection against sexually
transmitted infections or HIV , for couples it is
a way for men to be directly involved in family planning .
Family planning has been largely seen
as the responsibility of women but vasectomies allow men to
play a part .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
The report states that the largest
number of vasectomized men are in China , where almost 7 % of women in relationships — or more than 17 million couples — rely on vasectomy for birth control .
Although the process of vasectomy does
not usually pose any medical risks , the uptake of this contraceptive
method is very low in many developing countries .
The report states that worldwide fewer
than 3 % of women ages 15 to 49 who are married or in partnerships rely on a
partner ’s vasectomy for contraception .
In sub -Saharan Africa , less than
one - tenth of 1 % of women in union rely on a partner ’s vasectomy for
contraception .
Even in developed countries overall the uptake of vasectomy
is very low with less than 5 % of women relying on vasectomy .
Due to traditional and cultural beliefs
about male virility , many men shun vasectomy .
The fear that
vasectomy will cause impotence makes many men turn away from opting
for vasectomy as a family planning method .
Also , in many parts of the developing
world very few men have heard about the contraceptive method .
But many men want to know that they are able
to impregnate a woman whenever they choose to — thereby lessening the procedure ’s appeal .
To promote vasectomy requires the mammoth
task of dispelling the myths surrounding the contraceptive , in particular ,
reassuring men that their sexuality will not be effective after the procedure .
It is critical to communicate
the fact that a vasectomy will not affect a man ’s sex drive , as the
procedure does not affect the production of male hormones .
Another key message is that vasectomy is
not an option for all men ; it is only appropriate for men who no longer want to bear children .
Following a vasectomy a man will continue
to enjoy sex , and produce the same amount of fluid when he ejaculates —
but the fluid will not contain sperm that can impregnate a woman .
The report recommends that mass media
and interpersonal communication directed to clients can dispel myths
and rumors , disseminate accurate information about the procedure , tell
men where the method is offered , and prompt men to discuss vasectomy
with family and friends .
Vasectomy
also needs to be promoted throughout health care systems , and all clinic
staff should receive general training to help them better understand vasectomy , and ultimately feel comfortable with male clients .
by | |
A few weeks ago I attended a day - long pow - wow here in DC on U.S. policy towards Iran .
Mehrzad Boroujerdi , an associate professor at the Maxwell School of Syracuse University and director of its Middle Eastern Studies Program , gave an incisive , thought - provoking presentation on the structure and varied preferences of the Iranian government and its constituent actors .
He has graciously agreed to share his PowerPoint slides ( edited a wee bit for public release ) with Wonk readers .
Definitely worth a look .
Three years ago , Deep Capture reporter and Overstock CEO Patrick Byrne gave a famous conference call that he titled , “ The Miscreant ’s Ball . ”
His thesis was simple :
Some short - selling hedge funds collude to destroy public companies by spreading misinformation , orchestrating government witch hunts , filing bogus class - action lawsuits , and , most egregiously , selling billions of dollars worth of phantom stock .
In the months that followed “ The Miscreants Ball ” presentation , a clique of journalists with close ties to short - selling hedge funds and CNBC ’s Jim Cramer ( himself a former hedge fund manager ) , set out to sully the reputations of Patrick and everyone else who sought to expose short - seller crimes .
Cramer pal Joe Nocera , who is the New York Times ’ top business columnist , wrote that Patrick ’s crusade against hedge funds that sell phantom stock was “ loony beyond belief . ”
CNBC contributor and Marketwatch columnist Herb Greenberg , formerly an editor with Cramer ’s web publication , TheStreet.com , labeled Patrick the “ worst CEO in America ” for taking on the shorts ( ie. , the same shorts who are now paying Herb for “ independent ” financial research ) .
Fortune magazine ’s Bethany McLean , who has yet to write a story that was not sourced from a small group of short - sellers connected to Jim Cramer , suggested in an article titled “ Phantom Menace ” that Patrick should be fired from Overstock for speaking out against the problem of phantom stock .
At the time , I was the editor of the Columbia Journalism Review ’s online critique of business journalism .
The attack on Patrick was like nothing I ’d seen before , so I decided to write a story about the media ’s coverage of short - sellers and phantom stock .
When Herb Greenberg and Joe Nocera got word of this , they both called my editor demanding that he kill the story .
Cramer sent a public relations goon to delay the story .
Then a short - selling hedge fund , Kingsford Capital , appeared in my offices and offered to pay my salary .
My successor at the Columbia Journalism Review is now called “ The Kingsford Capital Fellow . ”
One of Kingsford Capital ’s managers was a founding editor of Cramer ’s website , TheStreet.com .
I do not believe that Kingsford ’s interest in the Columbia Journalism Review is philanthropic .
And I do not believe that the Columbia Journalism Review , “ the nation ’s premier media monitor ” is capable of objectively monitoring the financial media so long as it ’s chief writer on the subject is paid directly by this very controversial , Cramer - connected , short - selling hedge fund .
Perhaps facing similar pressures , or perhaps because they are unwilling to contradict Cramer ’s influential Media Mob , or maybe because they ’re just plain lazy , other journalists have shied away from covering the problem of illegal short - selling .
Instead , reporters have incessantly repeated the party line that “ short selling is good for the market .
Only bad CEOs complain about short - sellers . ”
In March , short - sellers destroyed Bear Stearns by spreading false information and selling millions of phantom shares .
And now the shorts are going after another major investment bank .
In a week of high drama , hedge funds have been circulating blatantly false and hugely damaging rumors that big institutions are pulling their money out of Lehman Brothers .
If March SEC data is any indication , the shorts are also selling millions of dollars worth of phantom Lehman stock .
One of the nation ’s most important investment banks is down , and another is on the brink .
The American financial system wobbles .
And , suddenly , Cramer ’s Media Mob is silent .
Gone is all of the talk about Patrick Byrne being crazy .
Nocera says nothing about the attacks on Lehman and Bear .
Bethany McLean recently wrote a favorable review of a book written by David Einhorn , the most prominent short - seller of Bear Stearns and Lehman , but she dares not mention the current market predations .
Herb Greenberg , who used to sing the praises of short - sellers almost weekly , was last heard defending his hedge fund friends in April .
CNBC seems to have taken him off that beat .
( The network recently dispatched Herb to the San Diego County Fair , where he interviewed a vendor of deep - fried Twinkies ) .
But Jim Cramer is talking .
No doubt to distance himself from the growing scandal , he went on CNBC today and said precisely what Patrick Byrne said three years ago .
Noting that short - sellers are colluding to take down Lehman , he said the problem is “ the need to be able to get a borrow and see if you can find stock ….. no one is even calling to see if they can get a borrow .
[ In other words , hedge funds are selling stock they do n’t have — phantom stock ] .
It ’s kind of like , well listen , let ’s just knock it down .
It ’s very similar to what Joe Kennedy would have done in 1929 [ leading to Black Monday and the Great Depression ] which is get a couple of cronies together and let ’s take it down … ”
Too late , Jim .
For three years , you , CNBC , and a clique of journalists very close to you have ignored this crime because your short - selling hedge fund cronies claimed that phantom stock is not a problem .
Meanwhile , hundreds of companies have been affected .
Billions of dollars of value have been wiped out .
And lives have been destroyed .
It is one of the most ignominious episodes in the history of American journalism .
Click here to enter the $ 75,000 “ Crack the Cover - up ” contest .
Test for Unicode support in Web browsers
Miscellaneous Symbols
U+2600 – U+26 FF ( 9728–9983 )
Characters 9786-9788 , 9792 , 9794 , 9824 , 9827 , 9829 , 9830 , 9834 and 9835 are present in Microsoft ’s WGL4 character set .
Characters 9824 , 9827 , 9829 and 9830 provide Unicode equivalents for some of the characters in Monotype ’s Symbol font .
The characters that appear in the first column of the following table depend on the browser that you are using , the fonts installed on your computer , and the browser options you have chosen that determine the fonts used to display particular character sets , encodings or languages .
The entries in the “ Entity ” column are named character entities that can be used in HTML pages .
You can find some or all of the characters in this range in the Windows Unicode fonts ALPHABETUM Unicode , Andale Mono ( few ) , Arev Sans , Arial ( few ) , Arial Unicode MS , BabelStone Han ( few ) , Baekmuk Batang , Baekmuk Dotum , Baekmuk Gulim , Baekmuk Headline , Batang , BatangChe , Berling Antiqua , BPG Paata Khutsuri U , Cardo , Caslon , Century , Chrysanthi Unicode , CN - Arial , CN - Times , Code2000 , Courier New ( few ) , DejaVu Sans , DejaVu Sans Condensed , DejaVu Serif , DejaVu Serif Condensed , EversonMono , Fixedsys Excelsior , Free Idg Serif , Free Monospaced , Free Sans , Free Serif , Frutiger Linotype , Garava , Gulim Che , Gungsuh , GungsuhChe , HAN NOM A , HY Shin Myeongjo Std Acro , Impact ( few ) , jGaramond , Kidprint , Kliment Std , Kochi Gothic , Kochi Mincho , Kozuka Mincho Pro Acro , Legendum , Linux Biolinum O , Linux Libertine O , Lucida Console ( few ) , Lucida Sans , Malgun Gothic , Marin , MD King KhammuRabi , Ming ( for ISO10646 ) , Monospace , MPH 2B Damase , MS Gothic , MS Mincho , MS PGothic , MS PMincho , MS Reference Sans Serif , MS Reference Serif , MS UI Gothic , MyMyanmar , New Gulim , OpenSymbol , Quivira , RomanCyrillic Std , Roman Unicode , Sazanami Gothic , Sazanami Mincho , Segoe Print ( few ) , SImPL , sixpack , StarSymbol , STIXGeneral , Sun-ExtA , Symbola , Times New Roman ( few ) , TITUS Cyberbit Basic , UnBatang , UniBurma , Verajja , WenQuanYi Zen Hei , WenQuanYi Zen Hei Mono , XTashi and YOzFontN ; in the Macintosh OS 9 Unicode fonts HeiseiKakuGothic , HeiseiMincho , Osaka and Osaka - Mono ; in the Macintosh OS X Unicode fonts AppleGothic , AppleMyungjo , Apple Symbols , Arial , Batang , Century , # GothicMedium , Gulim , # GungSeo , Hangang , Hiragino Kaku Gothic Pro , Hiragino Kaku Gothic Std , Hiragino Maru Gothic Pro , Hiragino Mincho Pro , MS Gothic , MS Mincho , MS PGothic , MS PMincho , # MyungjoNeue , Osaka , Osaka - Mono , # PCMyungjo , # PilGi , Seoul , STFangsong , STHeiti , STKaiti , STSong , # TaeGraphic and Times New Roman ; and in the Unix Unicode font Caslon .
To see exactly which characters are included in a particular font , you can use a utility such as Andrew West ’s BabelMap , Apple ’s TrueEdit , or WunderMoosen ’s FontChecker .
If you are not familiar with the characters , you can check the characters displayed here with the graphical display at http://www.unicode.org/charts/PDF/U2600.pdf.
Character
( decimal ) Decimal Character
( hex ) Hex Entity Name ☀ 9728 ☀ 2600 BLACK SUN WITH RAYS ☁ 9729 ☁ 2601 CLOUD ☂ 9730 ☂ 2602 UMBRELLA ☃ 9731 ☃ 2603 SNOWMAN ☄ 9732 ☄ 2604 COMET ★ 9733 ★ 2605 BLACK STAR ☆ 9734 ☆ 2606 WHITE STAR ☇ 9735 ☇ 2607 LIGHTNING ☈ 9736 ☈ 2608 THUNDERSTORM
☉ 9737 ☉ 2609 SUN ☊ 9738 ☊ 260A ASCENDING NODE ☋ 9739 ☋ 260B DESCENDING NODE ☌ 9740 ☌ 260C CONJUNCTION ☍ 9741 ☍ 260D OPPOSITION ☎ 9742 ☎ 260E BLACK TELEPHONE ☏ 9743 ☏ 260F WHITE TELEPHONE ☐ 9744 ☐ 2610 BALLOT BOX ☑ 9745 ☑ 2611 BALLOT BOX WITH CHECK ☒ 9746 ☒ 2612 BALLOT BOX WITH X ☓ 9747 ☓ 2613 SALTIRE ☔ 9748 ☔ 2614 UMBRELLA WITH RAIN DROPS ☕ 9749 ☕ 2615 HOT BEVERAGE ☖ 9750 ☖ 2616 WHITE SHOGI PIECE ☗ 9751 ☗ 2617 BLACK SHOGI PIECE ☘ 9752 ☘ 2618 SHAMROCK ☙ 9753 ☙ 2619 REVERSED ROTATED FLORAL HEART BULLET ☚ 9754 ☚ 261A BLACK LEFT POINTING INDEX ☛ 9755 ☛ 261B BLACK RIGHT POINTING INDEX ☜ 9756 ☜ 261C WHITE LEFT POINTING INDEX ☝ 9757 ☝ 261D WHITE UP POINTING INDEX ☞ 9758 ☞ 261E WHITE RIGHT POINTING INDEX ☟ 9759 ☟ 261F WHITE DOWN POINTING INDEX ☠ 9760 ☠ 2620 SKULL AND CROSSBONES ☡ 9761 ☡ 2621 CAUTION SIGN ☢ 9762 ☢ 2622 RADIOACTIVE
SIGN ☣ 9763 ☣ 2623 BIOHAZARD SIGN ☤ 9764 ☤ 2624 CADUCEUS ☥ 9765 ☥ 2625 ANKH ☦ 9766 ☦ 2626 ORTHODOX CROSS ☧ 9767 ☧ 2627 CHI RHO ☨ 9768 ☨ 2628 CROSS OF LORRAINE ☩ 9769 ☩ 2629 CROSS OF JERUSALEM ☪ 9770 ☪ 262A STAR AND CRESCENT ☫ 9771 ☫ 262B FARSI SYMBOL ☬ 9772 ☬ 262C ADI SHAKTI ☭ 9773 ☭ 262D HAMMER AND SICKLE ☮ 9774 ☮ 262E PEACE SYMBOL ☯ 9775 ☯ 262F YIN YANG ☰ 9776 ☰ 2630 TRIGRAM FOR HEAVEN ☱ 9777 ☱ 2631 TRIGRAM FOR LAKE ☲ 9778 ☲ 2632 TRIGRAM FOR FIRE ☳ 9779 ☳ 2633 TRIGRAM FOR THUNDER ☴ 9780 ☴ 2634 TRIGRAM FOR WIND ☵ 9781 ☵ 2635 TRIGRAM FOR WATER ☶ 9782 ☶ 2636 TRIGRAM FOR MOUNTAIN ☷ 9783 ☷ 2637 TRIGRAM FOR EARTH ☸ 9784 ☸ 2638 WHEEL OF DHARMA ☹ 9785 ☹ 2639 WHITE FROWNING FACE ☺ 9786 ☺ 263A WHITE SMILING FACE ( present in WGL4 ) ☻ 9787 ☻ 263B BLACK SMILING FACE ( present in WGL4 ) ☼ 9788 ☼ 263C WHITE SUN WITH RAYS ( present in WGL4 ) ☽ 9789 ☽ 263D FIRST QUARTER MOON ☾ 9790 ☾ 263E LAST QUARTER MOON ☿ 9791 ☿ 263F MERCURY ♀ 9792 ♀ 2640 FEMALE SIGN ( present in WGL4 ) ♁ 9793 ♁ 2641 EARTH ♂ 9794 ♂ 2642 MALE SIGN ( present in WGL4 ) ♃ 9795 ♃ 2643 JUPITER ♄ 9796 ♄ 2644 SATURN ♅ 9797 ♅ 2645 URANUS ♆ 9798 ♆ 2646 NEPTUNE ♇ 9799 ♇ 2647 PLUTO ♈ 9800 ♈ 2648 ARIES ♉ 9801 ♉ 2649 TAURUS ♊ 9802 ♊ 264A GEMINI ♋ 9803 ♋ 264B CANCER ♌ 9804 ♌ 264C LEO ♍ 9805 ♍ 264D VIRGO ♎ 9806 ♎ 264E LIBRA ♏ 9807 ♏ 264F SCORPIUS ♐ 9808 ♐ 2650 SAGITTARIUS ♑ 9809 ♑ 2651 CAPRICORN ♒ 9810 ♒ 2652 AQUARIUS ♓ 9811 ♓ 2653 PISCES ♔ 9812 ♔ 2654 WHITE CHESS KING ♕ 9813 ♕ 2655 WHITE CHESS QUEEN ♖ 9814 ♖ 2656 WHITE CHESS ROOK ♗ 9815 ♗ 2657 WHITE CHESS BISHOP ♘ 9816 ♘ 2658 WHITE CHESS KNIGHT ♙ 9817 ♙ 2659 WHITE CHESS PAWN ♚ 9818 ♚ 265A BLACK CHESS KING ♛ 9819 ♛ 265B BLACK CHESS QUEEN ♜ 9820 ♜ 265C BLACK CHESS ROOK ♝ 9821 ♝ 265D BLACK CHESS BISHOP ♞ 9822 ♞ 265E BLACK CHESS KNIGHT ♟ 9823 ♟ 265 F BLACK CHESS PAWN ♠ 9824 ♠ 2660 ♠ ( ♠ ) BLACK SPADE SUIT ( present in WGL4 and in Symbol font ) ♡ 9825 ♡ 2661 WHITE HEART SUIT ♢ 9826 ♢ 2662 WHITE DIAMOND SUIT ♣ 9827 ♣ 2663 ♣ ( ♣ ) BLACK CLUB SUIT ( present in WGL4 and in Symbol font ) ♤ 9828 ♤ 2664 WHITE SPADE SUIT ♥ 9829 ♥ 2665 ♥ ( ♥ ) BLACK HEART SUIT ( present in WGL4 and in Symbol font ) ♦ 9830 ♦ 2666 ♦ ( ♦ ) BLACK DIAMOND SUIT ( present in WGL4 and in Symbol font ) ♧ 9831 ♧ 2667 WHITE CLUB SUIT ♨ 9832 ♨ 2668 HOT SPRINGS ♩ 9833 ♩ 2669 QUARTER NOTE ♪ 9834 ♪ 266A EIGHTH NOTE ( present in WGL4 ) ♫ 9835 ♫ 266B BEAMED EIGHTH NOTES ( present in WGL4 ) ♬ 9836 ♬ 266C BEAMED SIXTEENTH NOTES ♭ 9837 ♭ 266D MUSIC FLAT SIGN ♮ 9838 ♮ 266E MUSIC NATURAL SIGN ♯ 9839 ♯ 266F MUSIC SHARP SIGN ♰ 9840 ♰ 2670 WEST SYRIAC CROSS ♱ 9841 ♱ 2671 EAST SYRIAC CROSS ♲ 9842 ♲ 2672 UNIVERSAL RECYCLING SYMBOL ♳ 9843 ♳ 2673 RECYCLING
SYMBOL FOR TYPE -1 PLASTICS ♴ 9844 ♴ 2674 RECYCLING
SYMBOL FOR TYPE - 2 PLASTICS ♵ 9845 ♵ 2675 RECYCLING SYMBOL FOR TYPE -3 PLASTICS ♶ 9846 ♶ 2676 RECYCLING SYMBOL FOR TYPE - 4 PLASTICS ♷ 9847 ♷ 2677 RECYCLING SYMBOL FOR TYPE-5 PLASTICS ♸ 9848 ♸ 2678 RECYCLING SYMBOL FOR TYPE -6 PLASTICS ♹ 9849 ♹ 2679 RECYCLING SYMBOL FOR TYPE -7 PLASTICS ♺ 9850 ♺ 267A RECYCLING SYMBOL FOR GENERIC MATERIALS ♻ 9851 ♻ 267B BLACK UNIVERSAL RECYCLING SYMBOL ♼ 9852 ♼ 267C RECYCLED PAPER SYMBOL ♽ 9853 ♽ 267D PARTIALLY -RECYCLED
PAPER SYMBOL ♾ 9854 ♾ 267E PERMANENT
PAPER SIGN ♿ 9855 ♿ 267F WHEELCHAIR SYMBOL ⚀ 9856 ⚀ 2680 DIE FACE - 1 ⚁ 9857 ⚁ 2681 DIE FACE - 2 ⚂ 9858 ⚂ 2682 DIE FACE - 3 ⚃ 9859 ⚃ 2683 DIE FACE - 4 ⚄ 9860 ⚄ 2684 DIE FACE - 5 ⚅ 9861 ⚅ 2685 DIE FACE - 6 ⚆ 9862 ⚆ 2686 WHITE CIRCLE WITH DOT RIGHT ⚇ 9863 ⚇ 2687 WHITE CIRCLE WITH TWO DOTS ⚈ 9864 ⚈ 2688 BLACK CIRCLE WITH WHITE DOT RIGHT ⚉ 9865 ⚉ 2689 BLACK CIRCLE WITH TWO WHITE DOTS ⚊ 9866 ⚊ 268A MONOGRAM FOR YANG ⚋ 9867 ⚋ 268B MONOGRAM FOR YIN ⚌ 9868 ⚌ 268C DIGRAM FOR GREATER YANG ⚍ 9869 ⚍ 268D DIGRAM FOR LESSER YIN ⚎ 9870 ⚎ 268E DIGRAM FOR LESSER YANG ⚏ 9871 ⚏ 268F DIGRAM FOR GREATER YIN ⚐ 9872 ⚐ 2690 WHITE FLAG ⚑ 9873 ⚑ 2691 BLACK FLAG ⚒ 9874 ⚒ 2692 HAMMER AND PICK ⚓ 9875 ⚓ 2693 ANCHOR ⚔ 9876 ⚔ 2694 CROSSED SWORDS ⚕ 9877 ⚕ 2695 STAFF OF AESCULAPIUS ⚖ 9878 ⚖ 2696 SCALES ⚗ 9879 ⚗ 2697 ALEMBIC ⚘ 9880 ⚘ 2698 FLOWER ⚙ 9881 ⚙ 2699 GEAR ⚚ 9882 ⚚ 269A STAFF OF HERMES ⚛ 9883 ⚛ 269B ATOM SYMBOL ⚜ 9884 ⚜ 269C FLEUR-DE-LIS ⚝ 9885 ⚝ 269D OUTLINED WHITE STAR ⚞ 9886 ⚞ 269E THREE LINES CONVERGING RIGHT ⚟ 9887 ⚟ 269 F THREE LINES CONVERGING LEFT ⚠ 9888 ⚠ 26A0 WARNING SIGN ⚡ 9889 ⚡ 26A1 HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN ⚢ 9890 ⚢ 26A2 DOUBLED FEMALE SIGN ⚣ 9891 ⚣ 26A3 DOUBLED MALE SIGN ⚤ 9892 ⚤ 26A4 INTERLOCKED FEMALE AND MALE SIGN ⚥ 9893 ⚥ 26A5 MALE AND FEMALE SIGN ⚦ 9894 ⚦ 26A6 MALE WITH STROKE SIGN ⚧ 9895 ⚧ 26A7 MALE WITH STROKE AND MALE AND FEMALE SIGN ⚨ 9896 ⚨ 26A8 VERTICAL MALE WITH STROKE SIGN ⚩ 9897 ⚩ 26A9 HORIZONTAL MALE WITH STROKE SIGN ⚪ 9898 ⚪ 26AA MEDIUM WHITE CIRCLE ⚫ 9899 ⚫ 26AB MEDIUM BLACK CIRCLE ⚬ 9900 ⚬ 26AC MEDIUM SMALL WHITE CIRCLE ⚭ 9901 ⚭ 26AD MARRIAGE SYMBOL ⚮ 9902 ⚮ 26AE DIVORCE SYMBOL ⚯ 9903 ⚯ 26AF UNMARRIED PARTNERSHIP
SYMBOL ⚰ 9904 ⚰ 26B0 COFFIN ⚱ 9905 ⚱ 26B1 FUNERAL URN ⚲ 9906 ⚲ 26B2 NEUTER ⚳ 9907 ⚳ 26B3 CERES ⚴ 9908 ⚴ 26B4 PALLAS ⚵ 9909 ⚵ 26B5 JUNO ⚶ 9910 ⚶ 26B6 VESTA ⚷ 9911 ⚷ 26B7 CHIRON ⚸ 9912 ⚸ 26B8 BLACK MOON LILITH ⚹ 9913 ⚹ 26B9 SEXTILE ⚺ 9914 ⚺ 26BA SEMISEXTILE ⚻ 9915 ⚻ 26BB QUINCUNX ⚼ 9916 ⚼ 26BC SESQUIQUADRATE ⚽ 9917 ⚽ 26BD SOCCER BALL ⚾ 9918 ⚾ 26BE BASEBALL ⚿ 9919 ⚿ 26BF SQUARED KEY ⛀ 9920 ⛀ 26C0 WHITE DRAUGHTS MAN ⛁ 9921 ⛁ 26C1 WHITE DRAUGHTS KING ⛂ 9922 ⛂ 26C2 BLACK DRAUGHTS MAN ⛃ 9923 ⛃ 26C3 BLACK DRAUGHTS KING ⛄ 9924 ⛄ 26C4 SNOWMAN WITHOUT SNOW ⛅ 9925 ⛅ 26C5 SUN BEHIND CLOUD ⛆ 9926 ⛆ 26C6 RAIN ⛇ 9927 ⛇ 26C7 BLACK SNOWMAN ⛈ 9928 ⛈ 26C8 THUNDER CLOUD AND RAIN ⛉ 9929 ⛉ 26C9 TURNED WHITE SHOGI PIECE ⛊ 9930 ⛊ 26CA TURNED BLACK SHOGI PIECE ⛋ 9931 ⛋ 26CB WHITE DIAMOND IN SQUARE ⛌ 9932 ⛌ 26CC CROSSING LANES ⛍ 9933 ⛍ 26CD DISABLED CAR ⛎ 9934 ⛎ 26CE OPHIUCHUS ⛏ 9935 ⛏ 26CF PICK ⛐ 9936 ⛐ 26D0 CAR SLIDING ⛑ 9937 ⛑ 26D1 HELMET WITH WHITE CROSS ⛒ 9938 ⛒ 26D2 CIRCLED CROSSING LANES ⛓ 9939 ⛓ 26D3 CHAINS ⛔ 9940 ⛔ 26D4 NO ENTRY ⛕ 9941 ⛕ 26D5 ALTERNATE ONE -WAY LEFT WAY TRAFFIC ⛖ 9942 ⛖ 26D6 BLACK TWO - WAY LEFT WAY TRAFFIC ⛗ 9943 ⛗ 26D7 WHITE TWO - WAY LEFT WAY TRAFFIC ⛘ 9944 ⛘ 26D8 BLACK LEFT LANE MERGE ⛙ 9945 ⛙ 26D9 WHITE LEFT LANE MERGE ⛚ 9946 ⛚ 26DA DRIVE SLOW SIGN ⛛ 9947 ⛛ 26DB HEAVY WHITE DOWN - POINTING TRIANGLE ⛜ 9948 ⛜ 26DC LEFT CLOSED ENTRY ⛝ 9949 ⛝ 26DD SQUARED SALTIRE ⛞ 9950 ⛞ 26DE FALLING DIAGONAL IN WHITE CIRCLE IN BLACK SQUARE ⛟ 9951 ⛟ 26DF BLACK TRUCK ⛠ 9952 ⛠ 26E0 RESTRICTED LEFT ENTRY - 1 ⛡ 9953 ⛡ 26E1 RESTRICTED LEFT ENTRY - 2 ⛢ 9954 ⛢ 26E2 ASTRONOMICAL
SYMBOL FOR URANUS ⛣ 9955 ⛣ 26E3 HEAVY CIRCLE WITH STROKE AND TWO DOTS ABOVE ⛤ 9956 ⛤ 26E4 PENTAGRAM ⛥ 9957 ⛥ 26E5 RIGHT -HANDED INTERLACED
PENTAGRAM
⛦ 9958 ⛦ 26E6 LEFT -HANDED
INTERLACED
PENTAGRAM
⛧ 9959 ⛧ 26E7 INVERTED PENTAGRAM
⛨ 9960 ⛨ 26E8 BLACK CROSS ON SHIELD ⛩ 9961 ⛩ 26E9 SHINTO SHRINE ⛪ 9962 ⛪ 26EA CHURCH ⛫ 9963 ⛫ 26EB CASTLE ⛬ 9964 ⛬ 26EC HISTORIC SITE ⛭ 9965 ⛭ 26ED GEAR WITHOUT HUB ⛮ 9966 ⛮ 26EE GEAR WITH HANDLES ⛯ 9967 ⛯ 26EF MAP SYMBOL FOR LIGHTHOUSE ⛰ 9968 ⛰ 26F0 MOUNTAIN ⛱ 9969 ⛱ 26F1 UMBRELLA ON GROUND ⛲ 9970 ⛲ 26F2 FOUNTAIN ⛳ 9971 ⛳ 26F3 FLAG IN HOLE ⛴ 9972 ⛴ 26F4 FERRY ⛵ 9973 ⛵ 26F5 SAILBOAT ⛶ 9974 ⛶ 26F6 SQUARE FOUR CORNERS ⛷ 9975 ⛷ 26F7 SKIER ⛸ 9976 ⛸ 26F8 ICE SKATE ⛹ 9977 ⛹ 26F9 PERSON WITH BALL ⛺ 9978 ⛺ 26FA TENT ⛻ 9979 ⛻ 26FB JAPANESE BANK SYMBOL ⛼ 9980 ⛼ 26FC HEADSTONE GRAVEYARD SYMBOL ⛽ 9981 ⛽ 26FD FUEL PUMP ⛾ 9982 ⛾ 26FE CUP ON BLACK SQUARE ⛿ 9983 ⛿ 26 FF WHITE FLAG WITH HORIZONTAL MIDDLE BLACK STRIPE
Copyright © 1999 –2010 Alan Wood
The hexadecimal numbers and the character names in the above table are taken from the Unicode 6.0.0 Character Database , Copyright © 1991 –2010 Unicode , Inc. , as contained in UnicodeData.txt on the Unicode Web site ( http://www.unicode.org/Public/UNIDATA/) in October 2010 .
Washington
THE interim between the primaries and the parties ’ nominating conventions is , according to ancient writ , a fertile period for presidential campaigns to talk about how they plan to expand the political map in the fall .
This year is no different .
Barack Obama ’s strategists are suggesting that the first African - American presidential nominee of a major political party can parlay increased turnout among black voters into a string of victories in the South .
Given that roughly half of all African - Americans live in the 11 former Confederate states , the idea seems intuitive enough .
It ’s also wrong .
Prying Southern electoral votes away from the Republicans is not so simple .
Two pervasive and persistent myths about racial voting in the modern South are behind the notion that Mr. Obama might win in places like Georgia , North Carolina and Mississippi .
The first myth is that African - American turnout in the South is low .
Black voters are actually well represented in the Southern electorate :
In the 11 states of the former Confederacy , African - Americans were 17.9 percent of the age - eligible population and 17.9 percent of actual voters in 2004 , analysis of Census Bureau data shows .
Growing Hops in the Garden : How to Grow Beer Hops
With the ongoing hops shortage , home brewers are turning in record numbers to growing hops for beer at home .
Growing hops is an fun way to expand your hop personal hop supply .
There is great pride of enjoying a beer brewed with hops you grew at home .
Whether you live in the Northwest , Northeast , Midwest , South or California does not matter – hops can be grown in any moderate climate with proper care .
Hops grow from small root - like cuttings about a foot long called rhizomes .
Rhizomes can be purchased from a variety of places online and mailed to your home – just do a quick search for “ hop rhizomes ” on google .
Location for Growing Hops
Select an area with plenty of sun .
Hops need at least 6 - 8 hours of sun a day , so the South facing side of your home or an exposed site is a good location .
Hop vines ( called bines ) can grow to over 25 feet and weigh over 20 pounds , so vertical space for a trellis is important as well .
Hops prefer well - aerated soil that is rich in nutrients and has good drainage .
If you are going to plant several varieties , keep them well separated in your garden .
Hop roots will spread quickly and take over the garden unless you separate them and trim the roots each season .
Hop Planting and Care
Hops should be planted in the Spring , late enough to avoid a frost .
Fertilize liberally before planting .
Plant your hops in a mound and aerate the ground by turning it over several times to aid drainage , enhance growth and prevent disease .
Place the rhizomes about 4 inches deep , and make your mound of soil about a foot high to aid drainage .
Place the root side of the rhizome down .
Cover the mound with some straw or light mulch to inhibit the weeds .
The hop bines grow vertically and require some kind of trellis .
Your trellis could some heavy rope or twine going from ground level to your roof , or a few poles securely mounted in the ground .
If using rope , select rough twine - like rope so the bines can grab onto it .
Keep in mind that the hop bines can be 25 + feet long and weigh 20 + pounds .
The trellis should be strong and secure .
Hops also enjoy lots of water and sunlight .
In the dry climates or the heat of summer , they may need to be watered daily .
Once the hops begins to grow , select the best bines and wrap them around your trellis to train them .
You will need to train the hops for a few days , but eventually they will begin growing in a clockwise direction from east to west around your trellis .
Train the best shoots and trim the rest off .
Harvesting and Drying your Hops
Your hops will continue to grow throughout the summer , and will be ready to harvest by late summer .
The harvest in the first year may not be huge , and in fact it could be very small – hops do n’t reach peak yield in the first year .
To determine when to harvest , you need to examine the cones .
Mature hop cones will be dry to the touch , springy , have a very strong aromatic hop odor , and leave yellow lupulin powder on your fingers .
Check the cones every day or two , and when you think they are ripe , pick one and open it .
It should be filled with thick yellow - gold lupulin powder if it is fully ripened .
The hops may not all ripen at once , but you need to harvest each as it ripens .
Dry the hops out in a warm dry spot in your house , and keep them away from sunlight .
Sunlight can seriously damage picked hops .
A paper bag is a good place to store them while drying .
The hops should dry out in a week or two .
After that , place them in a sealed bag and store the hop cones in your freezer .
Remove as much oxygen as possible from the bag to avoid oxidization .
Maintenance of Your Hops
Cut the bines back to 3 feet or so after harvesting .
The winter frost will kill off the bines , after which you can cut them back further and cover them until Spring .
When Spring comes , take a spade and cut around the rhizome to trim the roots back to about a foot .
Trimming the roots will prevent the hops from consuming your entire garden , as they tend to spread rapidly .
Add some fertilizer , fresh mulch and a new trellis and you will be ready to grow hops for a fresh new season .
If you want to read more about growing hops , Beer Bits has put together a page of related links .
A properly cared - for hops garden will keep you in fresh hops for years to come .
Note : Hops can be dangerous for dogs to consume so please do n’t feed your pets hops .
Thanks again for joining us , and if you have enjoyed this article , please subscribe to our Home Brewing blog or drop a guest vote on BrewPoll using the vote button on the right .
Reference
BYO Magazine : “ Hop Growing ” , March - April 2008 , Vol 12 , No 2
Related Beer Brewing Articles from BeerSmith :
With many individuals finding great success with social media ( and as an aside , a basic understanding of search engine optimization ) , they immediately consider themselves social media marketers and consultants ( as well as seasoned SEOs ) and offer to sell their promotional services .
What skills , though , do successful social media marketers have that put these individuals above the average ( or addicted ) social media user , and better yet , above the traditional marketer ?
I asked several social media consultants , bloggers , marketers , search engine optimizers , and social media addicts about what they considered to be essential skills and characteristics of the most efficient and results - driven social media consultants .
In the many paragraphs that follow , learn from many of the experts and hear what they consider success when using social media to engage with consumers about products and services .
Maki , Internet Marketing and Social Media Blogger :
The main characteristic [ social media marketers ] need to have is a genuine curiosity / interest in social media , particularly on how it influences human relationships and business practices .
This is not just standard required job skills but rather a deep interest that pervades one ’s day to day life .
One needs to constantly be informed of the latest technologies while striving always to learn and improve one ’s knowledge levels .
In order to do well when marketing , one should have tactical knowledge and ideally , first - hand experience of the specific social media platform .
This will help a great deal in planning and managing successful marketing campaigns .
Reem Abeidoh , Social Media Strategist : A social media marketer provides strategic online recommendations based on the client ’s business goals and intensive research .
A marketer also reaches out to the target audience through various methods of social networking , and constantly monitors the buzz surrounding the client ’s products and services .
They should be passionate , strategic , creative , personable , intelligent , aggressive , diligent , determined , adaptable , motivated and have a sense of humor .
To succeed , they need to do the following well :
Data analysis
Provides holistic strategies to clients
Training , presenting , and research
Relationship - building and networking
Outreach to online users and bloggers
A social media marketer ’s job never ends .
They usually work 70 hour weeks and need to be extremely flexible .
There are days when marketers may have to serve as internal evangelist by introducing key stakeholders to social media .
There are other times when marketers may have to launch a multi-platform outreach campaign .
It just depends on the needs of the client .
Additionally , a social media marketer needs to be a contributor and participant online to better understand the space and provide solid recommendations to their clients .
Valeria Maltoni , Online Marketer : Although social media as a set of tools has radically transformed marketing , I do not think it appropriate to use the term “ social media marketer . ”
People do not want to hear from companies as represented by marketers , they want to hear from other people .
The scope of marketing needs to be broadened in view of the new dynamics that have employees , customers and prospects engaged in conversations – horizontally , peer to peer , in some cases even in co-opetition situations .
These scenarios come to fruition in spontaneous communities , on social networks , and other self - service tools – all thanks to the availability of low cost technology and access to the world wide web .
To participate in the conversation , marketers will need to be able to have and provide greater access to decision makers – speed of response is crucial .
Other important skills will be the ability to hold or facilitate a conversation where listening and learning take the majority of the attention .
We are now right were we should be , attracting customers , building relationships and trust as we help them connect with each other .
Rebecca Kelley , Search Marketing and Social Media Consultant : A social media marketer needs to be an active participant in the social media sphere .
Because social media is so interactive , it can constantly shift and change ; therefore , a savvy marketer needs to be extremely familiar with the community and know how each social media website audience is different from the next .
Also , one story on the Digg home page does not an expert make .
A knowledgeable social media marketer has experienced repeated success on various social media websites and knows what sort of content succeeds and fails , and effective ways to write , submit , and promote various pieces .
Jason Falls , Director of Social Media :
A social media marketer is simply someone who uses social media tools to connect products or services with customers or audiences .
There ’s no real reason to define it any more than the simple semantics of it all .
That said , such a broad determination means you can be a social media marketer and not know it .
You can also not use the tools correctly or not behave appropriately within communities around the tools and market poorly .
So , in order to be a good social media marketer , in my opinion , you should understand the tools you ’re using and the communities to which you are marketing , be they ones that surround the tool itself ( Twitter users ) or subject matters within a certain tool ( FriendFeed room about , say , cell phones . ) .
Some communities are very open to marketers being there and contributing to the conversation .
Others are n’t .
As long as you earn your keep , contribute meaningfully to the community and gain the level of trust they need to allow you to seed your own messages or pitch your own products or services , and you do n’t violate their trust , you ’re marketing via social media successfully .
No , it ’s still not a clear picture .
People are different , communities are different and marketers / brands are different .
As a result , the acceptance or success of a social media marketer will vary in different communities , using different tools and for different brands .
But those basic rules will apply everywhere social media and marketing collide .
Geoff Livingston , author of Now is Gone and CEO of a Media Relations Firm : I think social media marketing really requires networking skills first , because you are building relationships , not overtly promoting .
It ’s a unique blend of networking skills ( relationships ) .
traditional PR skills ( building goodwill ) , marketing skills ( giving customers what they want ) , and customer service ( delivering resolutions to issues ) .
So ultimately , the best social media marketers understand all of these disciplines .
It requires a convergence , making the jack of all trades suddenly and incredibly valuable .
MG Siegler , Technology and Digital Writer : I think a person who is a social media marketer is someone who is an expert at all of the various way of getting data on the various social sites out there .
By that I mean not only the social voting sites like Digg , Reddit , etc , but also on the social networks ( Facebook , MySpace , etc ) , social communication tools ( Twitter , Pownce , Seesmic , etc.. ) , social conversation tools ( FriendFeed , and maybe you could even lump in Disqus and the like with it ) .
That person would ideally knows all the ins and outs of these systems and their various differences .
For example , what plays well on Digg versus what plays well on Propeller .
A lot is made about being able to “ game ” these systems , but more I think a social media marketer should just know how to work with what is in front of them .
Knowing the right people to send something to on StumbleUpon or keeping a conversation going on FriendFeed for example .
Other example may be creating a fan page on Facebook or creating a company account on Twitter that tracks instances of the company name via a service like Summize .
I also think it ’s extremely important for such a person to stay up to date on the most current trends within the social sphere .
Things evolve so rapidly and sometimes new opportunities open up quickly that can be utilized .
Allen Stern , Founder of a Blog on Social Media : A social media marketer is someone who possesses first marketing education and / or experience .
Second , a social media marketer is someone who markets products and / or services through the usage of social media tools .
Daniel Scocco , Blogger :
In my opinion a social media marketer is someone that leverages social media to promote a website , product or company .
As for the characteristics that they need to possess , I think that the most important one is to be a social media user in the first place , and to like the concept .
Social media can be seen as a tool for a marketer , but not a static one like an advertisement .
The term itself describes something that is made out of people , so the marketer needs to understand the dynamics behind it .
Michael Gray , Internet Marketer : Being a good social media marketer requires a combination of a few different skills .
The first is understanding what are the things that appeal to a certain community .
Stories that do well on Digg or Reddit , may not do as well on Kirtsy or Boudica , because the members of each community have different likes , dislikes and interests .
A marketer has have an understanding of the community and help craft campaigns , articles , stories , videos and or pictures that appeal to each community .
Another skill is understanding what makes a story viral , or what are the qualities that make it sticky or interesting .
Many companies just see this as a new avenue to push existing traditional marketing messages , and this is why they almost always fail .
For example an article with “ 10 Reasons You Should Buy Travel Insurance ” is almost never going to go viral , it ’s not surprising , shocking , interesting or in any way sticky .
But something like “ 10 People Who Wished They Bought Travel Insurance ” showing pictures of prop planes that collided on the runway , or a video of someones suitcase dumping out and the contents strewn down the highway , has a much better chance .
Lastly is understanding that you have to be a member of the community first .
if you see the community as a virtual ATM where you can come and get links without ever contributing , eventually your account will run dry .
if the only stories you ever submit or vote on are for clients or friends , you are not going to do as well over the long term .
The people who do well are the one who contribute lots of good stories that the community values , with a sprinkling in of other stories .
Laura Fitton , Presentations Consultant and @pistachio :
A social media marketer is someone who is fundamentally oriented towards LISTENING first , and only then offering contributions that move the conversation forward .
The result of their work is that it helps the business grow by genuinely and authentically helping customers .
It ’s not about any of the tools .
Advertising and marketing currently emphasize selling and helping others sell .
That ’s shifting to a future where profit comes from helping people buy .
Social media marketers have to listen and respond genuinely , most of all .
Characteristics : unselfish , interested in people , open - minded , un- controlling and creative .
Chris Brogan , Social Media Strategist and Blogger : I think the term “ social media marketer ” might just be a temporary thing , because it ’s like saying “ email marketer . ”
I believe the people who use social media tools as a part of their marketing strategy should understand the following :
relationships over shotguns .
— marketing in online communities is a slower , more matching - based approach , where you think hard about whether the person you ’re connecting with is the idea recipient of the information you have to share .
It takes more time , but sticks much better .
party hats not bullhorns .
– social software and the communities it empowers are for contributing , not pushing .
Share something at the party ; do n’t just barge in to give your messages .
it ’s not always about you .
– sometimes , other people ’s products are better .
In this world we ’re developing , we say that outright .
We do n’t obfuscate or dance around .
We just say it when we think someone ’s done it better .
People using these tools have to “ be human ” well , and by that , I mean realizing that all life is n’t based on marketing directives .
Instead , it ’s about contributing , bringing something to the picnic , and doing what Radian6 Marcel LeBrun calls “ listening at the point of need . ”
That means , knowing when to promote your idea , product , or service .
Darren Rowse , VP of Blogger Training and Co-Author of Problogger : Secrets for Blogging Your Way to a Six - Figure Income :
What makes a person an effective social media marketer ?
Here ’s a few quick thoughts :
Playfulness – there are so many tools out there that it can be overwhelming .
An ability to be able to ‘ play ’ with them and work out how they are best used is important .
Also not taking yourself too seriously is important .
Focus – social media is full of all kinds of wonderful distractions .
Knowing what you want to achieve and being focussed enough to stay on that path is important .
Curiosity – most social media marketers that I know are constantly asking ‘ what if ….’ type questions .
Curious people are driven to push into new group and solve problems in new ways .
Perseverance – building a social media presence does n’t happen over night .
It takes regular participation over a sustained period to build a network .
People Persons – being genuinely interested in people , what they think , how you can help them , what makes them tick ….
all of this helps you become more effective in your communication and networking
Chris Garrett , Blogger , Internet Marketer , and Co-Author of Problogger : Secrets for Blogging Your Way to a Six - Figure Income : I think there are three types of social media users : marketers , browsers and active users .
Browsers obviously mostly lurk .
The difference between the other two is agenda .
A marketer has a goal , even if it is just self promotion , while the rest are just taking part out of social or entertainment reasons .
A good social media marketer has to be able to write , particularly headlines and descriptions , and will have a better chance of success if they are a student of psychology .
The best like people , are fascinated by them , and enjoy socializing .
You also have to be able to take knocks on the chin as social media can provide harsh criticism .
It ’s a lot like SEO , people focus on algorithms , tricks and tactics but it is really all about people .
Matt McGee , Small Business Expert and Internet Marketer : I think great social media marketers come in all shapes and sizes , but if there ’s one trait that seems to show up in spades in the people I know , it ’s that they ’re engaged with the world and the people around them .
They love communicating and reaching out to others .
They love ideas and news .
They love sharing ideas and news .
They have an interest in other people , whether they ’re close friends or not .
They have an interest in the world around them , and being active in it .
Social media success is about being engaged .
Steve Spalding , Blogger and Entrepreneur : Like any traditional marketing field , Social Media marketing is almost exclusively about understanding the “ territory . ”
You do n’t hire a marketer because you think they have some magical ability to make bad products good .
You hire a marketer because they understand the people , products and culture surrounding the industry you are trying to enter .
Good Social Media marketers are heavy users of Social Media .
They love ( or at least respect ) the idea that many kinds of content can be distributed most effectively over the Internet , and because they use the platforms so heavily themselves they have the networks and the knowledge that allow them to make those distributions easier .
Almost as important , effective Social Media marketers also act as product designers .
They ’ve seen hundreds of applications and have used a large fraction of them .
More importantly , they know which applications have been successful and have a general intuition as to which design elements sink and which swim in an environment inundated by noise .
To paint my answer in broader strokes , Social Media marketers “ get ” the web .
We understand that the Internet is just like any other country , city , town or industry that has ever existed and that in order to market a product successfully on it you have to understand , respect and know how the deal with the people in it .
Brian Clark , Blogger , Editor , and Entrepreneur : A social media marketer is one who understands how social media works , takes the time to observe what people say and do within the context of social media , and then markets accordingly .
Todd Mintz , Director of Internet Marketing ( and @toddmintz ) : Social media marketing ( as I define it ) is the process of delivering a marketing message via the most appropriate social communication channels to a targeted audience .
A top - level social media marketer needs to possess the following capabilities :
Being able to look at the client situation and perceive the appropriate steps that need to be taken in order to have a successful engagement .
Identify who the target audience should be for the message ( Note that I ’m deliberately starting with the conclusion and working backwards ) .
Decide which social networks / influential persons are the most appropriate conduits for relaying the message to the end users .
Creating or overseeing the creation of a marketing message that will not only resonate with the targeted audience in a way advantageous to the client but also resonates with the members of the social networks & key influencers so they will act in such a way that the message gets passed via their collective sphere of influence to the masses .
Launching the message out to the networks & people that will spread the word ( schmoozing as necessary ) .
Supervising the whole process and when the inevitable hiccups happen , knowing what to do to get everything back on track .
People who can do all this well are Social Media Marketing Rockstars !
Muhammad Saleem , Social Media Maven : A good social media marketer is n’t really a ‘ marketer ’ .
He / She is a connector ( and is good at social networking ) , a maven ( and is a thought leader and ‘ information specialist ’ or information resource ) , and a salesperson that can persuade an eskimo to buy ice .
He has to not only be an information resource but be an active participant in the various social web communities that he claims proficiency in .
A good social media marketer is one who can start a conversation that people want to participate in .
Brian Solis , Principal of a New Media Agency and Blogger : Social Media Marketing combines the most effective attributes of PR , Web Marketing , Customer Service , and a working knowledge and genuine enthusiasm of the social networks and tools to listen to , spark , and engage in relevant conversations .
In an ideal world , Social Media Marketers will also embrace social sciences to observe and understand the online cultures and social dynamics where they ultimately wish to participate .
Many purport to be social media experts these days , yet most of us are truly students .
We overlook some of the most rudimentary elements that define and inspire the socialization of content , especially the social sciences involved with observing the culture , behavior , and conversations within online societies .
We ’re excited , and maybe even obsessed , with the tools .
We frantically rush from service to service in an exhausting attempt to keep up with our peers , fearing that we may one day relinquish our position as a leading authority on the subject of all things social .
We are edglings , and the membership dues are paid in the form of time , attention , vision , and translation as we bring shiny new objects from the edge to the center .
But , are we losing sight of the guiding principles and teachings that foster meaningful and rewarding relationships simply because we ’re practically held captive by a never - ending cycle of new and popular social tools ?
Our thinning attention may be clouding our ability to see the bigger picture .
Suddenly everyone is a social media consultant , yet very few of us are true online sociologists , observers , or genuine conversationalists .
The firsthand research and lessons learned in the field are invaluable and definitely tier the experience and expertise of those selling their services .
But , just because we ’re on Twitter and Seesmic , blogging , or uploading Flip videos to YouTube does n’t qualify us social media experts .
It ’s so much more than the ability to guide companies on how to create fan pages on Facebook , islands on SecondLife , accounts on Pownce or Plurk , and profiles on Bebo or Myspace .
Social Media experts must have the ability to determine which networks are relevant to the businesses that they represent , why , and how and when to engage .
Most importantly , they must connect participation to brand resonance , customer loyalty and also the ever prominent “ bottom line . ”
It ’s the listening , charting social maps , drafting strategies for meaningful engagement , understanding our relevance in the short and long tail , and the definition of metrics and ROI that count for everything to businesses and respective decision makers these days .
Without a working knowledge of customers , markets , online communities , and the dynamics of their company ’s business model , Social Media Marketers will succumb to the brilliance of shiny new social objects and remain hypnotized by their allure and promise .
Jonathan Hochman , Internet Marketer and Wikipedia Administrator : I classify social media marketers by their level of involvement :
Listening —
Being aware of social media , monitoring your brand , and using that information to make business decisions .
Responding — Participating in discussions about your brand on the web in an effort to improve your reputation and increase visibility .
Inviting — Building social media applications , such as blogs , wikis , bookmarks , to interact with your audience .
Li Evans , Director of Internet Marketing : A social media marketer understands that utilizing social media is about building relationships through communication and sharing .
In order to build relationships with customers , or potential customers for their clients , the social media marketer realizes that those relationships have to be built on trust .
By starting out with a solid foundation in social media , marketers realize they can do exciting things with these customers — the potential can really be limitless .
With social media , the marketer realizes that the experience of the interaction and engagement with the customers is the ending results — anything else is a by - product .
Debra Mastaler , Link Builder and Search Marketer :
What makes a person a social media marketer ?
The desire to be heard .
What characteristics do they have to possess ?
The good ones have to be brave , smart and fair to a fault .
What do they have to do well ?
Good social media marketers need to communicate well , understand not all goals are profit oriented and have the ability to turn casual participants into a legion of loyal followers .
Jonathan Fields , Entrepreneur and Blogger :
What makes a social media marketer ?
Reality is , everyone who engages in social media on a regular basis is a social media marketer , it ’s just a matter of what we ’re marketing .
Some people are looking to change the world , others to change what people buy and still others just want to make friends .
But , in the end , all of us in social media are looking to effect some outcome .
The folks who get “ labeled ” social media marketers , though , are the ones who tap social media to push a more commercial end - result .
So to me , it ’s more about the intention behind the action .
Are you choosing your hubs and posts based on a concerted effort to build authority , brand or sell a specific product or service ?
Are you crafting the language of every sentence toward that same end ?
That ’s commercial social media marketing .
So , while a lot of the actions of a commercial social media marketer and someone pushing friendship or conversation around non-commercial topics may look outwardly similar , it ’s the intention and level of focused , deliberate effort that makes the difference .
Wiep Knol , Link Builder and Internet Marketer :
In my opinion , the difference between a social media marketer and a “ regular ” marketer is their point of view .
A regular marketer is usually product minded and aims products ( or content , or whatever ) at target groups , while a social media marketer is consumer minded and matches groups of people with products .
Another difference ( and characteristic ) is that a social media marketer is far closer to the end user .
By following , participating , discussing and listening very carefully , a social media marketer is able to adjust both his or her product AND his or her selling technique to the customer .
A social media marketer is like opt - in , where most regular marketers are like opt-out .
I came across a great example earlier today ; the form at http://www.conversationmarketing.com/2008/07/how_not_to_design_a_signup_for.htm
was probably designed by a regular marketer .
David Chen , Blogger : A social media marketer thoroughly understands the systems that people use to connect to each other , and knows how to leverage those systems to spread positive messages about a brand .
Michael Dorausch , Chiropractor and Social Media Addict : I ’ve been a webmaster for more than 10 years but I would n’t consider myself a social media marketer .
From the people I ’ve met and interacted with , I ’ve come to the conclusion that it takes a specific focus if they are to perform well .
The best social media marketers that I ’ve met have had these traits in common : they network well off - line and online , they offer assistance first and ask for help later , they get great results ( for themselves and or their clients ) .
Being able to work well with others , not being pushy , selecting quality content and / or clients to promote , and seeking ways to help others , are all things I ’ve seen top social media marketers do well .
They are active on nearly all the usual suspects popular social media sites , and they typically bring a lot of value to the community .
That ’s the one thing I believe separates them from novices and newcomers to social media marketing .
It ’s like going to an open bar event , the newcomer will ask people to buy them drinks .
The advanced marketer will make sure the bartender is tipped well and we ’ll see all their friends do n’t go thirsty .
Does n’t cost them much to assist others , and they reap many return benefits .
Chris McGill , Founder of Social News Site Mixx.com :
To me there are mostly social media enthusiasts : we call them “ media hubs . ”
These are people who are enthusiastic about information and what is going on right now is part of the fabric of their being .
They represent somewhere around 15 % of the population and they simply have a passion for info and sharing info on the topics and subjects they find interesting / are passionate .
The vast majority of people fall into the “ reader ” category in that they consume ( and vote ) on the content that is being put forward by the media hubs .
Again , I think being a media hub is just a part of a person ’s being .
Adam Metz , Social Media Strategist : [ Social media marketing is ] a few things :
Experience working with diverse groups of brands , generally ( business - to - business , business - to - consumer ) Experience executing in at least 10 tools ( podcast , video , wiki , blog , social network , etc. )
Total authenticity with the client , to the point of being willing to terminate an engagement when it ’s clear that the client is not ready for social media counsel .
A win - win - win attitude ( for the client , the social media consultant , and the users of the social web at large )
Kim Krause Berg , Blogger and Usability Consultant : A social media marketer is an outgoing personality who intuitively understands the medium and its potential to network and communicate ideas , as well as persuade value proposition to readers .
Link drops in social media sites are not social media marketing .
Creating sites on Facebook and MySpace are not either .
There has to be a REASON to go there and retain interest .
Basics and theory aside , I find the social media marketers I respond to the most are impeccably polite polite , friendly , care about the people they network with and are responsive in positive ways .
They know their audience and stay in touch .
I can sense a “ user ” type and that turns me away .
Shana Albert , Web Designer and Social Media Addict : What is a Social Media Marketer ?
They are active honest members of Online Communities where they can naturally get the word out about a product or service … causing their message to become viral throughout online communities and bring in viewers / customers / clients to a Website .
Characteristics they must possess : outgoing , extrovert , motivated / motivator , social , easily multi-task , organized , influencer , persistent , creative , friendly
What do thy have to do well ?
conversation , multi-task , participate , influence , unselfish member of community , creative web content
Jason Kaneshiro , Blogger and Web Developer : A Good Social Media Marketer :
Should be comfortable and eager to use new technology .
Should be able to quickly assess a new social website – how it works , how it would be useful , and the characteristics of the community that fits within .
Should be sensitive to the mores of the community within a social site – what would be considered spamming or rude behavior .
Should do their best to become part of that social site ’s community .
Should also be comfortable and productive using “ old ” technology ( Email , IM , desktop applications ) .
Should be aware of the tools the target audience is communicating with , and able to craft the message to the appropriate medium .
Should be able to work anywhere , and from any computer , or even just a cellphone .
Should know how to make their data portable so they are n’t tied to one service for their online identity , and manage that data so it can be retained .
Generally , different social sites foster different communities , where different messages are appropriate or celebrated while others are considered “ spam ” – and what ’s “ spam ” on one site may not be on another .
Also interesting is the “ digital nomad ” trend – increasingly mobile computing , from laptops to cell phones and beyond .
I would say it ’s a must for social media marketers to have all their data and tools online so they can be productive from any computer in any location .
Then consider how one could be productive with just a cell phone , and it may even be a worthwhile exercise to write a blog post using pencil and paper .
The last point is a reminder to be aware of data portability – if not the principle of the thing , it ’s good to know how to get all our online data “ out of the cloud ” and backed up .
A user of new technology should use it to the fullest , but also consider that a lot of technologies fail and it ’s never good to become “ locked in ” to one company ’s products .
Louis Gray , Blogger : A successful social media marketer would be somebody who grasps where his / her audience is and knows where conversations will take place online .
They would typically leverage social networking sites and news aggregators , and engaging in such a way that their message or product is communicated .
They would need to display an understanding of how different social media communities interact , and what how each one offers a unique experience , which could be folded into more traditional approaches to public relations , demand generation advertising and brand awareness .
An ideal background for somebody here would include :
Traditional marketing or public relations experience
Tie-ins with increasing pipeline and revenue
Their own active blog with strong writing skills
The ability to communicate as a public speaker and use PowerPoint - type apps
Awareness and engagement of leading social communities
Jane Quigley , VP of Social Media and Emerging Technologies :
There are a number of different skillsets needed as a social media marketer .
Of course , like any job , there are different levels of experience , but I have a pretty set list of criteria that remains constant .
One — Participant
This is the easy one .
Where , how , how much ( although that ’s subjective — people get busy ) and how smart they are about it .
That ’s to say — are they smart about what ’s posted on the Facebook profile ?
Can they identify trends ?
Are they obsessive about it , or does Social Media seem fun and easy ?
What blogs are they reading — and what posts have been memorable ?
Do they go to BarCamps , PodCamps , etc ?
I want to see the basics — Facebook , LinkedIn , Digg , StumbleUpon , Flickr , YouTube , a Blog , Twitter ( Basic )
Two — Big Picture
How does social media work with other current strategic tactics ( SEO , Branding , Advertising ) .
Where does it fit within the entire campaign and especially how does it support the brand ?
Three — Relationship Master
Building a client relationship is key — not only in communicating trust and results — but long - term client welfare .
Four — Analyst
Knowing how to analyze a campaign for results .
How to set benchmarks , test campaigns , look at trends , analyze results .
Five — Curiosity
Did not kill the cat — it makes each candidate stronger — no matter where you are in a career .
Be curious about everything online and offline .
Real life has a way of influencing online behavior .
Six — Sharing is Caring
I want to know what excites someone — what people bookmark , what FB apps they like , what videos / pictures they tag .
You can tell a lot about a person from what and how they share .
Brent Csutoras , Social Media Consultant : Defining a social media marketer is difficult based on the true definition being the use of social media for a marketing purpose .
With “ social media ” being a vague term that indicates any feature or function that allows other people to participate with any given site , almost everyone is technically engaged in social media and people that use it at even a basic level for some conversion or gain , often refer to themselves as social media marketers .
However , if you were to sell your own car , it does not make you a car salesman .
So just because someone happens to use or participate in social media marketing does not make them a social media marketer .
I think being a social media marketer is defined when you are paid , in some fashion , to take an active interest in the way social communities work and start to participate within them strategically .
When I was young someone once told me “ If you do it for fun , it is a hobby .
If you get paid for it , it ’s your profession . ”
Conclusion
I purposely asked a variety of users of social media , from the media relations and marketing spectrum to the social media enthusiast and blogger spectrum , for this answer .
Many agreed that social media is about community - building , passion , and enthusiasm .
Creativity , a multi- tasking mindset , and the ability to think outside the box were also heavily agreed upon .
Most importantly , those who find the most success in the social media marketing realm are those who are heavily networked and ensure that maintaining ongoing relationships is part of their everyday routine .
Social media marketing encompasses a variety of elements and is synonymous with community ( particularly those communities that belong to the new media sphere ) sprinkled with other traditional marketing elements , such as dedication , perseverance , and fervor .
Successful social media marketers are thought leaders .
They must be kept abreast of the latest technologies in addition to buzz surrounding the products and services that they are responsible to market .
Above all , though , social media marketers ’ contributions to the community should be selfless and should be thought to benefit those who engage within the community .
What is your definition of a successful social media consultant ?
( All photos created by Will Lion as discovered by Paul Stamatiou )
Abstract
A simple variant of a priority queue , called a soft heap , is introduced .
The data structure supports the usual operations : insert , delete , meld , and findmin .
Its novelty is to beat the logarithmic bound on the complexity of a heap in a comparison - based model .
EeneyMinnieMoe Philosopher
Join Date : Feb 2007 Posts : 7,221
It would have saved Claus the cost of three very pricey tickets .
I 'm up to " Live Readings " and so far it sounds exactly like any Sylvia Browne appearance on Montel .
One comment for now - you for got to close the parenthesis here :
What is my health going to be like ?
( Thyroid / stomach problems , back problems , blood sugar problems and other things were mentioned .
At one point , Browne recommended that one woman take a certain dosage of Lecithin , something she recommends frequently .
Edit :
You could n't have handled it better !
I am so proud of you .
You 're the best !
Edit 2 : It 's a funny thing but I also met a couple John Edward fans at the Sylvia Browne taping I attended .
They mentioned seeing that show live , as well .
Edit 3 : I once wanted to pose the same challenge to a psychic such as John Edward or Sylvia Browne .
My late maternal grandfather 's name was Wladyslaw - unlike most audience member 's family names , not a name that can be guessed or cold - read out .
No matter how many letters John Edward throws out , he would n't come up with that one .
Edit 4 : " To those people who have sent me emails , saying that if only I saw Browne in person , I would believe in her " psychic abilities , " I have to say : Sorry , no .
If anything , I am more convinced than ever that Browne is doing nothing more than cold reading , and very amateurish cold reading at that . "
Nothing ever convinced me that she was a fraud like seeing her in person .
If it 's of any significance , I think that 's close to the number of people at a typical Montel taping : around 200 or 250 .
Maybe between 250 and 300 .
I was always sorry that you and Susan could n't have met me in NYC to see the taping when I had tickets for all three of us .
It would have saved Claus the cost of three very pricey tickets .
I 'm up to " Live Readings " and so far it soundslikeSylvia Browne appearance on Montel .
One comment for now - you for got to close the parenthesis here : ( Thyroid / stomach problems , back problems , blood sugar problems and other things were mentioned .
At one point , Browne recommended that one woman take a certain dosage of Lecithin , something she recommends frequently .
Edit :
You could n't have handled it better !
I am so proud of you You 're the best !
Edit 2 : It 's a funny thing but I also met a couple John Edward fans at the Sylvia Browne taping I attended .
They mentioned seeing that show live , as well .
Edit 3 : I once wanted to pose the same challenge to a psychic such as John Edward or Sylvia Browne .
My late maternal grandfather 's name was Wladyslaw - unlike most audience member 's family names , not a name that can be guessed or cold - read out .
No matter how many letters John Edward throws out , he would n't come up with that oneEdit 4 : " To those people who have sent me emails , saying that if only I saw Browne in person , I would believe in her " psychic abilities , " I have to say : Sorry , no .
If anything , I am more convinced than ever that Browne is doing nothing more than cold reading , and very amateurish cold reading at that .
" Nothing ever convinced me that she was a fraud like seeing her in person .
If it 's of any significance , I think that 's close to the number of people at a typical Montel taping : around 200 or 250 . between 250 and 300 .
Even if Washington is still hesitant to use the “ R ” word , we all know how things are headed .
Most of us remember the drill from 2001 and the early nineties .
At least that should be one comfort to us all — the fact that a slumping economy is indeed cyclical and the most recent recessions were short - lived .
Yes , we will eventually find our way out of this mess .
The trick is to make it through the recession unscathed so there wo n’t be too many broken pieces to pick up .
Here are five tips for getting through a recession with nary a mark on you :
1. Increase Your Emergency Fund –
You have probably heard this advice many times before , but it is more important now than ever .
You should have three to six months worth of living expenses saved for an emergency .
Is this realistic for the average debt - riddled American ?
Perhaps not , but now is the time to become frugal and start saving as much as possible .
2. Reconsider That Second Home –
One of the worst things you can do right now is buy a second home before you sell the first one .
The housing market is going to get worse before it gets better .
Even if you qualify for a second mortgage and can eat two mortgages for a while , do you really want to live with that situation for an indefinite amount of time ?
The truth is , mortgage lenders are being extremely careful these days .
Even if you can find willing buyers , it is hard to find buyers that qualify for a loan .
3. Start Training for Additional Job Skills –
The most recession - proof industries are health care , education , security , energy and the environmental sector .
Whether you work in one of those industries or not , you should try to increase your “ hireability ” by training for additional skills .
Perhaps your company offers additional job training or there are adult education courses you could take at night .
Read
4. Keep Your Resume Updated – Just as you should be increasing your work skills , you should be dusting off the old resume .
Even if there has been no hint of lay - offs at your company , you never know how things could turn within a few months .
You may even decide to start looking for a new , recession - proof position if your company starts to suffer .
Do n’t be caught off - guard , only to realize that you have n’t looked over your resume in years .
5. Pay Down Your Credit Card Debt –
This is a goal that we should strive for during any kind of economic climate .
However , a recession is the worst time to carry a lot of credit card debt .
For one thing , you need an emergency buffer if something unforeseen should happen .
A maxed out credit card ca n’t really help you out in a pinch , can it ?
Another reason you should pay down the debt is to help out your credit history .
Again , lenders are being extremely tight - fisted these days , so you need to improve your income to debt ratio .
* This post was contributed by Heather Johnson , who is an industry critic on the subject of best balance transfer credit card .
She invites your feedback at heatherjohnson2323 at gmail dot com .
ConsentManager.net is the only solution that offers a full overview on what is happening on your website and how your visitors react and interact with the consent layer .
Our GDPR Consent Platform is the only solution that allows you to test multiple designs of the consent layer simultaneously and automatically optimize on the design that shows the best results .
New Feature : Full support for CCPA including explicit notice , " Do not sell my personal data " - Link , Geo-targeting and IAB CCPA Compliance Framework ( USP / LSPA ) .
ConsentManager.net now offers a Cookie - Free consent feature .
The average U.S. price for gasoline rises to an all - time high above $ 4.00 a gallon , following the spike in crude oil futures , with some analysts saying speculation may be the culprit .
See full story .
Weekend Edition : Saudi Arabia plans royal treatment for heavy crude
Dense , dirty and less profitable , a type of crude oil long marginalized by the global petroleum industry is attracting a wave of new refining investment as supplies of premium crude look set to decline .
See full story .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke told Freddie Mac chief Richard Syron that his company and Fannie Mae could take advantage of the emergency discount window , according to a source familiar with the conversation .
The source said that Bernanke and Syron spoke by phone Thursday afternoon and the central bank chief said in that call he intended the discount window to be opened if necessary to the two largest U.S. mortgage finance companies .
The Fed declined to comment on whether it was considering opening its discount window to the government - sponsored enterprises ( GSEs ) .
A senior senator said at a press conference on Thursday afternoon that such action was among a range of possibilities under discussion to help the struggling mortgage lenders weather a crisis of confidence .
“ I know that both the Fed and the Treasury are looking at various options ... including things like the discount window , ” Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd told a news conference on Capitol Hill on Friday .
“ I do n’t want to draw any conclusions about it yet , but they are certainly examining what other means might be necessary in order to shore up the situation , ” the Connecticut Democrat said .
Freddie Mac spokesman Douglas Duvall declined comment when asked about a phone call between Bernanke and Syron .
A Fannie Mae spokesman was not immediately available for comment .
Fannie and Freddie shares have been pummeled in recent days amid reports that the Bush administration was considering contingency plans for taking over one or both of the companies and place them in a conservatorship if their problems deepened .
Fannie Mae shares slid 22.4 percent to end at $ 10.25 , off a session low at $ 6.87 , while Freddie Mac ended down 3.1 percent at $ 7.75 , off a session low at $ 3.89 .
The listings topped the list of the New York Stock Exchange ’s biggest percentage losers .
But Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson effectively rejected any plan to nationalize the companies , saying the administration ’s focus was on supporting the GSEs “ in their current form . ”
William Poole , the former president of the St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank , said the Fed likely could open its emergency lending facility to the mortgage lenders under the same circumstances that were in play when it gave investment banks access in March .
Poole , a 10 - year veteran at the Fed , said the U.S. central bank would probably have the authority to open the discount window to Fannie and Freddie under the “ unusual and exigent ” circumstances it cited in March .
But also said he did not think such a drastic step would be necessary , noting that the Fed could simply purchase the GSEs ’ debt directly and hold it on the Federal Reserve system ’s open market portfolio .
Military nurse in war , YES ... a military veteran .
Civilian nurse in war , YES ... a VETERAN of her occupation but not a MILITARY Veteran .
Another words , the word " Veteran " is not strictly a military term .
A person can be a veteran doctor , veteran lawyer , veteran school teacher , etc . Veteran means someone that has been doing that job / occupation for a long time .
Here at thoughtbot , we ’ve had it with fixtures .
Is Susie an admin ?
Which user owns the Exciting Test post ?
Are there any categories without posts , or should I add that fixture for this test ?
How did this post end up in the future ?
Do you like asking these questions when writing tests ?
I do n’t .
I also do n’t like tests that do n’t tell you anything about the context you ’re testing :
should " find recently updated posts " do assert_equal posts ( : lions_attack ) , Post .
most_recent end
One method in one model being tested , and three files to look through to understand it .
I ’ll pass , thank you .
After being introduced to factories by various blogs and coworkers , I looked for a plugin to get me started .
I tried out object daddy and a couple others , but none of them quite scratched that itch I needed to reach .
Some had questionable implementations , some had poor ( or no ) tests themselves , and none of them supported everything we wanted : a nice definition syntax , support for multiple build strategies ( saved instances , unsaved instances , attribute hashes , and potentially mock objects ) , and support for multiple factories for the same class ( user , admin_user , and so on ) .
Eventually , I ended up just writing little methods that I included in Test :: Unit :: TestCase :
def create_post ( attribs = { } ) attribs = { : title => ' goodbye , fixtures ' , : approved => true }. update ( attribs ) attribs [ : author ] ||= create_user Post .
create !
( attribs )
end
It got the job done , and I was finally free of fixtures , but my factory definitions were hard to follow , and became repetitive pretty fast .
After discussing the pros and cons of the various implementations we ’d tried , several thoughtbotters and I wrote out our ideal syntax for defining and using factories , and this weekend that theoretical syntax became a reality .
Introducing factory_girl :
# test/test_helper.rb require ' factory_girl ' #
Let 's define a sequence that factories can use .
This sequence defines a # unique e-mail address .
The first address will be " somebody1@example.com " , # and the second will be " somebody2@example.com . "
Factory .
sequence : email do | n | " somebody # { n } @example.com " end #
Let 's define a factory for the User model .
The class name is guessed from the # factory name .
Factory .
define : user do | f | #
These properties are set statically , and are evaluated when the factory is # defined .
f . first_name ' John ' f . last_name ' Doe ' f . admin false #
This property is set " lazily . "
The block will be called whenever an # instance is generated , and the return value of the block is used as the # value for the attribute .
f . email { Factory .
next ( : email ) } end Factory .
define : post do | f | f . title ' undef toggle !' f . approved true #
Lazy attribute blocks are passed a proxy object that can be used to # generate associations lazily .
The object generated will depend on which # build strategy you 're using .
For example , if you generate an unsaved post , # this will generate an unsaved user as well .
f . author { | a | a .
association ( : user ) } end #
Let 's define a factory with a custom classname : Factory .
define :admin_user , : class =>
User do | f | f . first_name ' Billy ' f . last_name ' Idol ' f . email { Factory .
next ( : email ) } f . admin true end
These factories can be used like so :
# test/post_test.rb class PostTest < Test :: Unit :: TestCase should " only find approved posts " do # Generate and save some Post instances Factory ( : post , : approved => false ) Factory ( : post , : approved => true ) posts =
Post .
approved assert posts .
all ?
{ | p | p . approved ?
} end context " a post without a title " do setup do # Build a post object @post = Factory .
build ( : post , : title => '' ) end should " not be valid " do assert !
@post .
valid ?
end end end
Combined with Shoulda ’s contexts , factory_girl makes tests readable , DRY , and explicit .
Until I find another itch to scratch , I ’m in testing heaven .
Want to try it out for yourself ?
factory_girl is available on github .
You can also install it using RubyGems :
sudo gem install thoughtbot - factory_girl -- source =
http://gems.github.com
Also , make sure to check out the rdoc .
Update :
Do you have questions or comments on factory_girl ?
Feel free to post them on the new mailing list .
Happy testing !
Note added 12/9/09 :
It seems that many people are looking at this post , because Derren Brown claims to have used “ deep mathematics ” combined with “ the wisdom of crowds ” to predict the lottery .
All I can say is that this is obvious nonsense .
Whatever method you use to predict the lottery , the drawing of the balls is a random process , so you will not improve your chances of being correct .
Brown has done a clever trick — I wo n’t speculate about his methods , as I ’m not interested enough in them — but his explanation of how he did it is not to be taken seriously .
In this post I shall discuss the proofs of two statements in real analysis , one of which is clearly deeper than the other .
My aim is to shed some small light on what it is that we mean when we make that judgment .
A related aim is to try to demonstrate that a computer is in principle capable of “ having mathematical ideas ” .
To do these two things I shall attempt to explain how an automatic theorem prover might go about proving the two statements in real analysis : in one case this is quite easy and in the other quite hard but by no means impossible .
In the hard case what interests me is the precise ways that it is hard , which I think say something about the notion of depth in mathematics .
The first statement is that if a function is continuous , then for every and every sequence that converges to we also have that converges to .
Most experienced mathematicians would not regard this as a deep statement because proving it is “ just an exercise ” rather than a result that “ needs an idea ” .
( Spotting that it is a useful statement is a different matter , but it ’s not what I ’m talking about here . )
I shall now give a proof of the statement in such a way that every step of the proof is the obvious thing to do , where by “ obvious ” I mean in some sense “ algorithmic ” .
I could go into more detail about how these obvious steps could be carried out by an actual program , but then what I wrote would be much less readable .
So I ’m compromising by giving a slightly higher - level discussion .
But if anyone thinks I ’m using that to sneak in a trick that only a human could spot then I ’ll be happy to elaborate on parts of the proof later .
So here goes .
We want to show that if is continuous , then it commutes with taking limits .
Suppose then that converges to .
We would like to prove that converges to .
Therefore we must let and find some such that whenever .
( That is just translating the definition , which is clearly an automatic process . )
How can we find such an ?
Well , what could possibly imply that ?
To answer this question we write out the information we have and simply look at it to see if anything has a statement resembling as a conclusion .
And we notice that the definition of continuity of ends with the assertion .
( For safety ’s sake , we give all our dummy variables different names . )
So we focus on the whole definition : .
So the obvious thing to try is taking to be , to be and to be .
We ’re free to do the first two as the above assertion starts with “ “ , but what about the third ?
Well , we also have a “ ” but it comes with the condition that , or rather , should be at most , which depends somehow on and .
So we can conclude the following : if then .
Now let ’s recall precisely what we want to prove .
We would like to show that there exists such that if then .
From what we have just shown , it will be sufficient to prove that .
And now we see that just such a conclusion appears at the end of the definition of the convergence of to , and it is easy to see that the premise is exactly what we want too as it gives us our .
Incidentally , the converse of this statement can also be proved in a fully justified doable - in - principle - by - computer way too .
( In fact , I discussed both directions many years ago on my web page . )
However , I only really need one sample of “ non - deep ” mathematics to illustrate my point , so I wo n’t discuss the converse here .
Instead , let ’s move to the second statement , which is a beautiful problem that is often set to Cambridge undergraduates .
It can serve either as a hard problem for those who have done a first course in analysis ( one that perhaps one or two people per year are capable of solving ) or a hardish exercise in applying the Baire category theorem .
It ’s quite interesting to discuss how a computer could solve the problem if it had the hint that the Baire category theorem should be applied , but then it becomes more like the first example : it can be done by “ pattern matching ” .
But then one would feel that the computer had cheated and been told the idea .
So it is even more interesting to see how a computer could solve the problem from scratch , succeeding where all but a handful of students fail .
The statement in question is this .
Let be a continuous function and suppose that for every the sequence tends to 0 .
Prove that tends to 0 as .
If you have n’t seen this before and want to get the most out of this post then you should ( of course ) make a serious attempt to solve this beautiful problem before reading on .
On then to the proof .
The aim , as with the previous result , is to present the proof in such a way that every step is “ the obvious ” thing to do , or at least sufficiently obvious that it would be one of the first things that a well - programmed computer would try .
Let us begin with steps that really are automatic , such as translating the problem into more formal language and converting “ for all ”s into “ let ” s ( by which I mean that if you want to prove a statement that begins “ for every x in A ” you start by writing “ let x be in A ” , and so on ) .
In this case we are trying to prove that tends to 0 , so we let be positive .
We would now like to find such that whenever .
But simple pattern - matching lets us down : the obvious ( and only ) statement available to us that resembles is the statement that comes at the end of a formal definition of the hypothesis of the problem .
And that is true only if is at least as big as some that depends on in a way that we know nothing about .
This is a point where many human mathematicians will feel stuck .
But one move that sometimes helps is to do something else that can be easily automated and aim for a proof by contradiction , so let ’s try it .
If we can not achieve our goal then for every there exists such that .
And now , if we want a contradiction , we must prove that there exists such that does not tend to 0 .
Writing out this last statement in full gives us .
Now we make three observations .
First , it is fairly clear that we shall need to use the fact that is continuous .
( I have thought quite hard about how a computer might come to this realization , or at least construct , when asked , an example of a discontinuous function that does not tend to zero despite the fact that always does .
I ’ll save my conclusions about that for another post .
For now let us be satisfied with the idea that the continuity of was given as a hypothesis and the computer will naturally tend to see what comes of using the hypotheses . )
Second , there is a promising resemblance between and .
Third , we are trying to construct a real number that satisfies an infinite set of conditions , one for each .
Let us think about the last observation first .
How does one construct a real number with infinitely many properties ?
A standard answer , and one that is closely bound up in the very idea of a real number , is to construct it as the limit of a sequence .
But what will make that limit satisfy all the properties ?
To make this question slightly more concrete , let us call the properties and let the sequence be , converging to .
We do n’t have much to play with here : all we can say about each and each is whether or not has property .
And our main information about is that the get close to it .
As we build our sequence , how can we make sure that its limit at least has property ?
A natural answer is to insist that every belongs to some closed set , all of whose elements satisfy property .
Here I am using “ closed ” in the sense of “ closed under taking limits ” .
The most basic examples of closed sets are closed intervals , and this thought leads us to one of the basic theorems of real analysis : that a nested intersection of closed bounded intervals is non-empty .
But I prefer to think of this statement as yet another version of the completeness axiom , and it leads us to the following basic real - number - constructing principle , which I would imagine a computer as having been taught rather than as having invented : if you want to construct a real number that has properties , then see if you can construct a nested sequence of closed bounded intervals ( of non-zero length ) such that every has property .
If you can , then any in the intersection will have all the properties simultaneously .
Now let us return to the problem at hand .
Property is the property that there exists such that .
So let us suppose that we have already constructed the closed bounded interval and see if we can find a closed subinterval all of whose elements satisfy .
It would be nice to avoid the language of intervals , so let be the interval .
Our task is then to find real numbers and such that ( that makes a subinterval ) and such that for every with there exists such that ( that makes every element of satisfy property ) .
Before we attack this ( by now not terribly hard ) problem it feels as though we need to choose our .
From string - matching we more or less know that will depend on ( since the only lower bounds we have for values of are that there are arbitrarily large with ) .
And here there is a very useful method that human mathematicians use all the time : just guess the simplest possible dependence and make adjustments if it does n’t work .
The simplest non-trivial dependence would be , which turns out to work later if we “ adjust ” it to .
Another method , again used by human mathematicians , is “ let be a positive real number to be chosen later ” .
Here one sort of pretends to have chosen and as the proof proceeds one finds that must satisfy certain conditions for the argument to work .
One then shows that these conditions can be satisfied .
Let us adopt the latter approach here .
At this stage a computer may well not see its way to the end of the proof , but another thing it can certainly do is look about for places to apply the continuity hypothesis .
And since there is only one thing we know about the values taken by ( that they have modulus for arbitrarily large ) , there is only one place we can apply this hypothesis .
To elaborate , we know that , and we also know that .
To apply the second statement we must choose values for and .
The only real number we have around is ( which depends on ) so let us choose to be .
That gives us the statement
Rearranging this to bring the quantifiers as far as possible to the left , we obtain the equivalent statement
Now an applying - the - triangle - inequality module will leap into action and observe that from the final two inequalities it follows that .
The end of the conclusion we are trying to obtain is for some , so string - matching tells us that we would like to be positive , and an elementary - inequality module will tell us that the simplest that is both positive and less than is .
So let us make this choice of , take to be , and see what we have when we put all the quantifiers back .
We have .
( Incidentally , there should , strictly speaking , have been “ “s in some of the earlier statements , but it is quite common , if sloppy , to regard those as sort of implied by the symbol “ “. )
Now we observe that we are in a stronger position than before .
Although is smaller than , all we knew about was that it was positive , and that ’s all we know about .
So from the perspective of proving the result , there is absolutely no loss in passing from to .
( This is itself a useful principle that it would be quite good to make a bit more formal . )
On the other hand , the range of values where is at least has increased from a single arbitrarily large to an interval of arbitrarily large s .
Suppose we have some and such that implies that .
String - matching tells us that we will be done if we can choose and and an integer such that and such that whenever .
Elementary manipulation of inequalities tells us that for this we need and .
Let us pretend that we have chosen .
Then the Archimedean principle tells us that we can find with and a standard reflex tells us that if there exists such an then there exists a minimal one .
So let be minimal such that .
Can we now find with such that ?
Obviously we can if and only if .
Now we have not yet chosen , so let us try to choose and in such a way that and .
Let us focus first on choosing .
If we have chosen then we will be able to find our if and only if and .
Let us choose the minimal that satisfies the second inequality .
Then , so , so we are done if , for which we need to be at least .
We have the lower bound , and can be made arbitrarily large ( because we may as well impose the bound if it helps , which it does ) .
Therefore , we can have our lower bound on .
That argument can of course be very significantly tidied up .
The basic idea is that every sufficiently large real number is a multiple of an element of , since the intervals start to overlap when gets large .
So if is sufficiently large then we can choose and with and .
( But the computer needs an extra idea to try for the stronger statement rather than the weaker statement . )
Having chosen such a pair we can easily choose in such a way that and .
If you agree that the above account does demonstrate that the proof can be generated in a fairly automatic way from a rather small and simple set of precise problem - solving techniques in real analysis , then there are two possible reactions .
One would be to say that the proof is less deep than it looks , and only appears deep in its usual presentation because the Baire category theorem is used as a piece of magic ( which we might refer to as the “ insight ” of certain mathematicians from around a century ago ) .
Another would be to search for differences between the way the second proof is generated and the way the first one is .
And a definite difference is that the second involves a process of construction : of the nested closed intervals .
The fact that we just went ahead and did the construction in a fairly automatic way does place some upper bound on the depth , and it is perhaps the automatic nature of this stage of the proof that encourages one to abstract out what has been done and formulate the Baire category theorem .
Let me be more precise about the difference .
At times during both proofs we needed to find real numbers with certain properties .
However , only in the second proof did we need to find a real number with an infinite sequence of properties , which resulted from the fact that the string of quantifiers in the statement we wished to prove had “ ” after the “ “ .
In order to find the real number with infinitely many properties , we converted the problem into one about constructing a sequence , which then meant that we were back in the world of finding real numbers with just finitely many properties .
I ’ll end with a brief remark that I hope to elaborate on in a future post .
It seems that a significant challenge for an automatic theorem prover is to deal with statements that do not have uniquely obvious proofs .
( This of course relates to my earlier post on when two proofs are the same . )
And this non-uniqueness often arises when a construction is involved .
If one is asked to construct a mathematical object , one can sometimes create an artificial uniqueness by imposing extra properties on what one is constructing , or restrictions on how one goes about constructing it ( such as always trying the simplest thing first , whatever that may mean in the given context ) .
But it is not always easy .
To illustrate this , here is a simple problem where the non-uniqueness seems to create difficulties for a computer : find an injection from to .
In a later post I shall discuss this example , but for now let me just try to explain why it is difficult .
The reason is that if you want to approach it systematically , then you need to choose values of the function for each pair of integers in turn .
But what does “ in turn ” mean ?
It seems to require you to put the pairs in order , and that is rather close to what you were asked to do in the first place .
( However , “ rather close ” turns out not to mean “ identical ” . )
I mention this problem here just to suggest in a tentative way that non-uniqueness of this kind may also be a major contributor to our perceptions of depth in mathematics .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Following on my post from last week about the Senate Appropriations Committee ’s outrage at the scale of waste and fraud endemic to Iraq contracts , I offer two specific examples , both disclosed today in separate official audits .
To begin with , the Office of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction ( SIGIR ) released an audit ( .pdf ) of a $ 900 - million , cost - plus contract awarded to Parsons Delaware Inc. , in March 2004 to design and build infrastructure in support of Iraq ’s security and justice sectors .
This was to include the construction of things like prisons , fire houses , and police stations .
As of May 21 , 2008 , the firm had spent $ 333 million — of which $ 142 million ( 43 percent of the total ) was wasted on projects that were never completed .
Now , it ’s easy to point the finger at Parsons .
But as SIGIR makes clear , blame also rests with the U.S. government for lack of oversight .
Only 10 contract officers , for example , were assigned to the Parson ’s contract — a project that required about five - to - six times as many .
To make matters worse , the audit itself was compromised by inadequate record - keeping by federal agencies .
According to the report , SIGIR “ contacted a number of responsible contracting offices , but at the conclusion of our review the U.S. government has been unable to locate the files for the contract bid and award process …
SIGIR also could not locate inventory records for items purchased by the contractor in support of construction activities . ”
Meanwhile , the U.S. Small Business Administration Office of Inspector General ( SBA IG ) issued a report ( .pdf ) today , suggesting that Moyock , North Carolina - based Blackwater Worldwide may have evaded millions of dollars in taxes by misrepresenting its legal status and improperly bid for contracts reserved for small businesses .
Blackwater has long claimed that its 1,000 Iraq - based operators legally qualify as “ independent contractors , ” meaning that the firm merely hires personnel and funnels them to contract work rather than providing direct management and oversight .
For this reason , the company argues , it qualifies as a small business — this despite its $ 1 billion contract windfall since 9/11 , not to mention its burgeoning fleet of planes , ships , blimps , and armored vehicles .
The SBA IG investigated 39 small business contracts obtained by Blackwater — 38 awarded by the Pentagon ; one by the Department of Veterans Affairs — as well as the company ’s $ 1.2 billion security contract with the State Department .
It concluded that far from allowing its contractors to work for themselves , Blackwater helped establish shift schedules , monitor mission and personnel performance issues , and enforce conduct and performance standards .
The State Department contract , in particular , “ required Blackwater to provide a large number of supervisory positions to oversee the security personnel . ”
The stuff of small business ?
Not quite , and the SBA IG has now forwarded its findings to inspectors general at the Pentagon and the Department of Veterans Affairs for further investigation .
The geometry of sex
Research into the hourglass figure has thrown some curveballs : women with large breasts and narrow waists have higher hormone levels ,
Scientists also looked at when and where the preference for the hourglass figure emerges , and found that it's not shared outside Western cultures ( developing cultures
If you have an hour or so to waste ( I almost wrote " waist " ) , Long Dong 's collection of Akira Gomi 's taxonomic photos of naked women ,
Those pictures are still and inexpressive , though -- a whole different set of " semantic angles " emerge when a body goes into motion .
The pictures above are from a
I reject the cultural determinism of the Queensland study , though ; I do n't think the age you are or the culture you come from determines how you respond to this sexual geometry .
Despite being a Western male , for instance , I find little appeal in the classic Sophia Loren hourglass figure -- this may be because of some innate horror of reproduction , or it may be because of strong positive associations with less curvy Asian women .
Osyama from the Tokyo Bopper store ( whose staff members are celebrated daily on the
Then again , tastes change ; I used to prefer
There 's a mathematics of desire , and both men and women are intuitively aware of the numbers .
Take the so - called " hourglass figure " , for instance .
The formula is that you divide waist circumference by hip circumference .
The " hourglass " ratio is around 0.7 , which means that the waist is about 70 % of the girth of the hips below it .
To make a perfect " hourglass " , the breasts should then match the hip width .
That shape is " curvy " and " feminine " , but only 8 % of women actually have it .
Research into the hourglass figure has thrown some curveballs : women with large breasts and narrow waists have higher hormone levels , the BBC reported in 2004 , and are more likely to get pregnant .
Then some research in 2007 seemed to find that curvier women are smarter and live longer than other women .
Scientists also looked at when and where the preference for the hourglass figure emerges , and found that it's not shared outside Western cultures ( developing cultures prefer fatter women , a sign of nutritional health ) or amongst pre-pubescents .
Whereas 10 and 11 year - olds of both sexes express a preference for hourglass - shaped women , 5 or 6 year - olds prefer thin figures " which probably closely mirror their own shape " , according to one Queensland University study
If you have an hour or so to waste ( I almost wrote " waist " ) , Long Dong 's collection of Akira Gomi 's taxonomic photos of naked women , Chinese and American , makes for fascinating viewing .
We instantly know how we feel about each image , and the cues are geometric and mathematical ones , a matter of shapes , dimensions and ratios .
Those pictures are still and inexpressive , though -- a whole different set of " semantic angles " emerge when a body goes into motion .
The pictures above are from a yoga video by eccentric Japanese vlogger Naganonoteiou .
What interests me here is how some of the poses she strikes -- specifically the angles her legs are held in -- are " normal " , others become " lightly erotic " , others again way too blatant and over - the - top ( reading a book with her feet , bent over backwards ) and blow the appeal .
This suggests that my brain assigns specific sexual semantics to small differences of posture ; that there 's a " geometry of sex " .
I reject the cultural determinism of the Queensland study , though ; I do n't think the age you are or the culture you come from determines how you respond to this sexual geometry .
Despite being a Western male , for instance , I find little appeal in the classic Sophia Loren hourglass figure -- this may be because of some innate horror of reproduction , or it may be because of strong positive associations with less curvy Asian women .
Osyama from the Tokyo Bopper store ( whose staff members are celebrated daily on the Merry Daily blog ) represents my current ideal figure ; the particular geometric relationship that concerns me , when I see pictures of her , is n't her waist - to - hip ratio ( WHR ) , but speculation on whether her super - thin legs really do stay parallel all the way up to the top .
Then again , tastes change ; I used to prefer Yama - Sama
Each term in the Fibonacci sequence is derived by adding the two preceding terms :
0 , 1 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 8 , 13 , 21 …
Remarkably , you can use successive terms to convert miles to kilometers :
8 miles ≈ 13 kilometers
13 miles ≈ 21 kilometers
This works because the two units stand in the golden ratio ( to within 0.5 percent ) .
Bush drug warrior crashes pot press conference Nick Juliano
Published : Wednesday July 30 , 2008
Print This Email This President Bush 's drug warriors must really , really want to protect their ability to throw non-violent marijuana users in jail .
The White House sent at least three party crashers to a press conference Wednesday with Rep. Barney Frank ( D - MA ) , who has introduced a pot- decriminalization bill .
The Office of National Drug Control Policy 's " chief scientist " and two aides who were dispatched to provide instant rebuttal to Frank and the bill 's cosponsors , all of whom acknowledged that marijuana was likely to remain very much illegal in the foreseeable future .
Given the bill 's essentially non-existent chances of passage , ONDCP's Dr. David Murray 's impassioned arguments that seemed more appropriate in Reefer Madness were greeted with plenty of puzzled glances .
Why did the White House feel it necessary to send at least three staffers to Capitol Hill to place in every reporter 's hand a copy of its 20 - page , color - copied " 2008 Marijuana Sourcebook ? "
RAW STORY posed this question to Murray .
" It is our responsibility to be aware of policy developments , " said Murray , who clarified that he had a PhD and was not a medical doctor .
He explained that Frank 's attempt to modify the controlled substances act was very much of interest to the Bush administration 's pot prohibitionists .
The Marijuana Policy Project 's Rob Kampia , who stuck around to listen to Murray 's post - press conference diatribe , said he suspected ulterior motives behind the propagandistic pontificating .
" Nothing 's going to happen on this before he loses his job , " the decriminalization advocate said , acknowledging that Frank 's bill wo n't move forward until at least next year , when President Bush -- and his appointees -- would be out of office .
" This is him emptying the clip . "
To its defenders , Frank 's bill is a common sense move aimed at protecting letting states institute marijuana policies as they see fit , protecting patients in the dozen states that have legalized medical marijuana and generally telling the government to butt out of people 's private lives .
To its opponents ...
" I do n't think that it is the government 's business to tell you how to spend your leisure time , " Frank said of his bill , which would eliminate federal penalties for individual possession of up to 100 grams ( about 3.5 ounces ) of marijuana .
Frank 's proposal is aimed only at decriminalizing individual possession , so it alone would not end raids by the Drug Enforcement Agency on medical marijuana dispensaries in states like California .
Frank said he 's authored separate medical marijuana legislation that he would introduce in concert with the individual bill .
Rep. William Lacy Clay ( D - MO ) criticized the government for wasting billions of dollars on a " phony war on drugs " that 's done virtually nothing to actually stop anyone from using drugs .
One presumes that some of those billions were spent on the glossy Office of Drug Control Policy report with the Dr. Strangelovian title , " Marijuana : The Greatest Cause of Illegal Drug Abuse . "
Naturally , if marijuana were decriminalized , that would n't be the case , but such nuance is lost on drug war defenders .
The press conference also featured marijuana defenders pointing out that the drug has caused none of its users to die , unlike alcohol and tobacco -- both of which are legal .
" We do not arrest and jail responsible alcohol drinkers ; this should be our policy with marijuana as well , " said Allen St. Pierre , executive director of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws .
The NORML representative was sporting a small gold marijuana leaf pin on his lapel , where miniature American flags are a more common Capitol Hill accessory .
Frank , who chairs the House Financial Services Committee , said his decriminalization bill would fall under the purview of the House Judiciary Committee , which he hoped would hold hearings on the proposal next year .
A Judiciary Committee spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Asked specifically if he thought his bill would become law , Frank said more shifts in perception were needed first .
" The chances are not high at this point , " the lawmaker said , a knowing chuckle letting the audience know his pun was very much intended .
The following video and the above photos were taken Wednesday by Nick Juliano .
The Haskell - Beginners mailing list is for the discussion of primarily beginner - level topics related to the Haskell language .
Feel free to ask beginner - level questions , or to discuss beginner - level topics , related to Haskell here .
Please do n't cross-post to both Haskell and Haskell - Beginners .
You can subscribe to the list , or change your existing subscription , in the sections below .
Here is a list of Web 2.0 resources about Ada :
News & Blogs [ edit ]
Forums & developer rings [ edit ]
General Info [ edit ]
Wikimedia projects [ edit ]
Source code [ edit ]
Lifeguards spotted what they believed was a great white shark off Martha 's Vineyard yesterday , forcing the closing of beaches and prompting the inevitable references to " Jaws , " the movie thriller that was filmed on the island .
The dorsal fin of the shark , sticking some 2 1 / 2 feet out of the water , was spotted 75 yards offshore at South Beach in Edgartown .
Authorities received reports of other sightings along State Beach , on the island 's northeast and the site of the opening scene of " Jaws . "
" It definitely creates some excitement in town , " said Trish Lyman , a resident who works at The Boneyard surf shop .
" People are tentative but still excited . "
Lisa Capone , spokeswoman for the state Executive Office of Environmental Affairs , said the Coast Guard received several reports of the shark sighting .
The state sent a plane to scan the waters , she said , but the pilot could not confirm the sighting .
Though unconfirmed , the sightings left residents wondering whether they would be able to see the massive creature .
Arthur Smadbeck , chairman of the Board of Selectmen , said the police chief joked to him that he ought to head to the shores with a red plaid jacket , an allusion to a character in " Jaws . "
A great white shark sighting is rare , but not unheard of in Massachusetts waters , said Greg Skomal , a shark specialist with the Division of Marine Fisheries .
He said the species has a range spreading from the Gulf of Mexico into Canadian waters .
In 2004 , a great white was entrapped for two weeks in a salt pond not far from the island , giving Skomal and other researchers a rare opportunity to study the animal .
" That was a telling sign for us that the animals are here , " Skomal said .
Last year , great white sharks were believed to be feeding on the local seals .
Other local sightings have been reported over the years , which Skomal attributed to a greater awareness , perhaps a fascination , with the animal .
But he stressed that the greater number of reports does not necessarily translate into an influx of sharks .
Yesterday , the state took the threat seriously enough to close beaches in South Beach State Park , along the southern coastline , where lifeguards reported spotting the great white .
Edgartown Police Chief Paul Condlin said local officials were acting in the best interest of public safety .
The last believed great white attack in the Massachusetts area was in 1936 , Skomal said , and there are believed to be only three in history .
Smadbeck said he did not think the sighting will have a negative impact on tourism , now in the island 's busiest season .
" People will be so darn curious we 'll probably be inundated with people wanting to see it , " he said .
Lyman pointed out that the popular Monster Shark Tournament is planned for next weekend , giving participants a benchmark as they head into the waters .
" You can just surf cast and get a winning shark , " she said .
Globe correspondent Casey D. Ramsell contributed to this report .
Valencia can be reached at mvalencia@globe.com .
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
“ Ozone naturally warms the upper atmosphere because it captures the radiation from the Sun and re-emits it there , ” says Le Quéré .
“ If you deplete ozone , you get a very large cooling in the upper atmosphere . ”
The huge temperature difference between the ozone hole and the rest of the stratosphere causes strong winds around Antarctica .
Uneven warming in different parts of the southern hemisphere from recent global warming also created a temperature difference that strengthened the winds .
The stronger winds enhance deep water upwelling , which allows carbon to vent into the atmosphere from carbon - rich deep water .
In essence , while the ocean may be taking up more anthropogenic carbon to keep pace with levels in the atmosphere , it ’s also venting more carbon than it did in the past , and that changes the size of the overall sink .
The wind measurements that Le Quéré had entered into her model held the key .
Since 1981 , winds in the Southern Ocean increased , and Le Quéré believes that the ozone hole and global warming are to blame .
Like Feely saw in the equatorial Pacific , stronger winds made the Southern Ocean vent more carbon dioxide in areas where deep water upwelled to the surface .
This idea , that upwelling water releases carbon dioxide , ran counter to what oceanographers had believed about stratification for decades .
“ When I started , everybody said if the ocean stratifies , then it will absorb less anthropogenic CO 2 .
But really now , it ’s not so clear , ” says Le Quéré .
If global warming causes upwelling areas like the high latitudes or the equatorial Pacific to stratify , then the natural carbon dioxide that is normally released during venting may just stay in the deep ocean .
Stratification might wind up having competing effects on the overall carbon cycle , with saturation slowing carbon dioxide uptake in surface waters , but also suppressing venting .
The other assumption that Le Quéré ’s work rattled was the idea that the only way people would change the ocean carbon sink is through increased concentrations of atmospheric carbon dioxide .
“ At the beginning , we thought the important aspect was the increase in atmospheric CO 2 , ” says Le Quéré .
“ And now , I think the changes in ocean physics [ mixing ] are very important as well .
I would n’t be surprised if the changes in marine ecosystems become equally important , but we just have n’t seen this yet . ”
“ The link between the destruction of the ozone layer , the changing wind patterns , and the impact on the carbon cycle is the thing that makes Le Quéré ’s paper unique , ” says Feely .
“ It links back to man -made impacts on the climate . ”
The idea that the man -made ozone hole and global warming have changed the Southern Ocean carbon sink is “ disturbing on the one hand , but extremely interesting also , ” says Jorge Sarmiento , an ocean modeler and Le Quéré ’s former mentor at Princeton University .
Not surprisingly , Le Quéré ’s ground - breaking work has been controversial .
Two other groups have challenged her study in letters to Science , where her work was published , but Le Quéré is standing by her results .
The problem is , the method of deriving the size of the ocean sink from atmospheric carbon , not ocean carbon , is uncertain .
And like all models , Le Quéré ’s model has uncertainties of its own .
“ I think it ’s possible that the Southern Ocean sink is slowing down , ” says Sarmiento , “ [ Le Quéré ] did a super job of bringing in all kinds of constraints on the model , but all of them have huge uncertainties .
I ’m still holding off . ”
Feely agrees .
“ In this case , modelers are leaping ahead of the observationalists .
What we as oceanographers want to do is make sure that there is a sufficient amount of oceanographic data to substantiate that .
You need 30 years of data before you can say anything , and that ’s an incredible feat in itself . ”
Carleton Watkins ' Yosemite pictures brought him worldwide acclaim and were groundbreaking technically and artistically .
He was arguably the most artistic American landscape photographer in the 19th century .
In 1862 , Oliver Wendell Holmes , the pre-eminent photography critic of the day , praised Watkins and wrote that he had achieved " a perfection of art which compares with the finest European work . "
From This Story [ × ]
CLOSE Carleton Watkins 19th - Century Photographs of Yosemite ValleyText by Bruce Hathaway Video : Yosemite Slideshow Related Content John Muir's Yosemite
In 1868 , Watkins was awarded a medal for landscape photography at the Paris International Exposition .
In 1873 he received the Medal of Progress award at the Vienna Exposition , and in 1876 he exhibited his pictures at the Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia , and at the Chilean Exposition .
He associated with California 's intellectual and artistic elite .
But Watkins ’ life was not a completely charmed one .
His images were pirated , and his lack of business acumen resulted in bankruptcy .
He became ill and disabled and spent the last years of his life in an insane asylum .
Carleton Watkins was born in 1829 and was raised in Oneonta , New York .
He became an avid hunter and fisherman and was a member of a local glee club and the Presbyterian Church choir .
In later years , his daughter described him as a friendly character , always full of fun and happiness .
Having heard about the 1849 California Gold Rush , he caught gold fever and headed west in 1851 .
In Sacramento he met his childhood friend , future railroad Barron Collis Huntington , and worked with him delivering supplies to gold mines .
Watkins failed to hit it big in gold and a few years later , he was in San Francisco working as a store clerk when the owner of a photo studio noticed his congenial ability to please customers .
When the studio's photographer quit suddenly , the owner asked Watkins to pretend to be a photographer -- to try to keep portrait customers happy until a real photographer could be hired .
But Watkins learned camera techniques quickly , was fascinated by the medium and was soon working as an actual photographer in San Jose and San Francisco .
By 1858 he was experimenting with ways to improve glass - plate negatives and was busy with commissions such as documenting a quicksilver mine for courtroom evidence and photographing the estate of explorer and politician John C. Fremont .
Watkins then produced stereographs , as the side - by - side , 3D photographs are called , for the Third San Francisco Mechanics ' Institute Industrial Exhibition and for a photographic series on San Francisco Fire Departments .
( Stereographs are usually viewed with a stereoscope , a device with a lens for each eye .
Two photographs of the same object taken from slightly different points are viewed side - by - side .
Our binocular vision combines the two views into one three - dimensional image .
The effect is often
startling . )
Being outdoors and doing landscapes soon became Watkins ' favorite work , and in July of 1861 he went to Yosemite -- with a dozen mules to carry his mammoth plate camera , which uses 18 by 22 inch glass plate negatives ; a stereoscopic camera ; tripods ; glass plates ; chemicals ; other supplies and a tent for a darkroom .
The trails into and through the valley were spectacularly scenic , but also treacherous .
Watkins returned from Yosemite with 30 mammoth plate and 100 stereoscopic negatives .
They were quickly revered as images of superb technical and artistic quality .
Watkins explained that he was just able to select the spot which " would give the best view . "
He was also a patient and precise camera and developing process technician .
One reviewer admired Watkins ' photographs for their " clearness , strength and softness of tone . "
In part because of Watkins ' Yosemite pictures , in 1864 Congress passed and President Lincoln signed legislation preserving Yosemite Valley .
The law was an important first step in the creation of the National Park Service in 1916 .
In 1865 , Mount Watkins in Yosemite was named after Carleton Watkins .
During the financial crisis of 1875 Watkins declared bankruptcy and lost his San Francisco studio and his negatives to a creditor .
The creditor and another photographer named Isaiah West Taber started marketing Watkins ' stereographs with Taber 's name on them .
Despite this devastating setback , Watkins returned to Yosemite and began to rebuild his inventory .
In the following years , he traveled and photographed widely , north to British Columbia , south to Mexico and east to Yellowstone , Utah and Arizona .
By the mid-1890s , however , Watkins ' deteriorating eyesight and crippling arthritis limited his ability to work .
In 1895 he was unable to pay his rent and moved with his wife and two daughters into an abandoned railroad car for 18 months .
By 1897 Watkins was almost completely blind .
The fire following the 1906 San Francisco earthquake burned Watkins ' studio , and countless pictures and negatives and most all of his stereo works were lost .
Watkins never recovered from the trauma and in 1910 he was committed to Napa State Hospital for the Insane ; his wife began to say that she was a widow .
Carleton Watkins died in the asylum six years later at age 87 .
He was buried in an unmarked grave on the hospital grounds .
Viewing the Watkins Yosemite Stereographs in 3D
To view these stereographs in 3D , move a little back from your normal viewing distance and put your index finger in line with the line between the two pictures and about halfway between your eyes and the pictures .
Then focus on your finger .
If you 're lucky , three images will appear and the center one will be in 3D .
Do n't get discouraged if this does n't work ; few people are able to do it easily .
You can also make a paper 3D viewer , but few people are able to make that work .
Another option is to use a Loreo Lite viewer or Plastic Stereo Card Viewer ( Lorgnette ) , available for purchase online at low cost ( see related links ) .
While you 're perusing viewers , take a look at the new HD 3D TVs .
Watkins would be amazed .
Why everyone loves Python : ( I never get tired of evangelizing Python =)
Eric Raymond @ Linux Journal
“ I was generating working code nearly as fast as I could type .
When I realized this , I was quite startled . ”
“ in Python , I was actually dealing with an exceptionally good design .
Most languages have so much friction and awkwardness built into their design that you learn most of their feature set long before your misstep rate drops anywhere near zero .
Python was the first general - purpose language I ’d ever used that reversed this process . ”
DIGG THIS
As Tom Woods and I demonstrate in our new book , Who Killed the Constitution ?
The Fate of American Liberty from World War I to George W. Bush , the federal Constitution is dead .
Politicians ( including judges ) and pundits pay attention to it only when it provides them a useful partisan argument .
Conservative intellectuals , who make a lot of noise about fealty to the Constitution , are supposed to be different from their left - wing counterparts .
But consider just one of a mountain of examples .
In a July 25 , 2008 article for National Review Online , neoconservative columnist Mona Charen laments George W. Bush ’s unpopularity with black voters .
This unpopularity , she says , is " a staggering injustice . "
For one thing , she says , Bush made clear that when it came to appointments , " he might as well have believed in affirmative action . "
It was clear during the 2000 presidential campaign , she notes , that Bush was going to make Colin Powell secretary of state .
Blacks , one infers , should be grateful for this and requite such tokenism with affection .
The irony here is that when they think of affirmative action , conservatives tell us ( inaccurately , as it turns out ) that the Fourteenth Amendment was intended to ban all government race discrimination , including affirmative action .
( There is a chapter on this subject in our book . )
Charen has lauded the Supreme Court for its handful of decisions in the late ’ 80s and early ’90s laying out the idea that affirmative action was illegal .
Many intellectuals of Charen ’s stripe also consider it immoral .
Unless their guy is implementing it , that is , in which case its beneficiaries should love him for it .
Buy this book
As an actual guide to federal policymakers , then , the Constitution is dead .
But that is not the end of Charen ’s catalogue of reasons why blacks should admire W. She also points to No Child Left Behind ( NCLB ) , the keynote education program of the second Bush presidency .
This program has elevated " teaching to the test " to the status of a national imperative .
As the father of three elementary school - aged children , I know how much of the school year is now absorbed by this imperative ; as a history professor , I also recognize how significantly NCLB ’s mandates have affected the amount of attention that American primary schools pay to history , which is not among the subjects of the NCLB tests .
And it ’s all unconstitutional .
Republicans of the Reagan stripe used to say — even as recently as 1994 ’s Contract With America — that the Department of Education should be abolished , because education was among the areas of policy that the people reserved to the states in making the Constitution .
In fact , so insistent were the people of 1787 — 88 on reserving matters such as education to the states that they rejected Federalists ’ promises that the unamended Constitution would be read as including this principle implicitly .
Thus , the Tenth Amendment made that principle explicit .
Conservatives pay lip service to limited government — except when their guy is violating the Tenth Amendment .
Then , the beneficiaries should be grateful for the Tenth Amendment ’s violation .
Here again , the Constitution is dead .
Then there ’s President Bush ’s Faith - Based Initiative , Charen adds .
Under the rubric of that Initiative , which even the then - Republican - controlled Congress refused to legislate , Bush has used executive orders and other presidential power to pull religious organizations into the administration of federal programs in a way never seen in America before .
If he had had his way , this Initiative would have been even more far - reaching ; seemingly , all welfare efforts of the federal government would have been faith based , to judge by W.’s statements about the relative efficacy of secular and faith - based social programs .
Of course , the Tenth Amendment bans virtually all federal social programs .
And the First bans programs such as Bush ’s enlistment of churches , synagogues , mosques , ashrams , etc. , as federal service providers .
Conservatives decry flagrant violations of such clear constitutional provisions — except when their guy undertakes them .
Then , blacks should love him for it .
How can we understand the mental compartmentalization that allows intellectuals such as Mona Charen to bleat about originalism , on the one hand , and to trumpet flatly unconstitutional programs on the other ?
It is simple : the Constitution , as ratified , has no actual influence on them .
It is just a totem toward which they bow , an arrow in the quiver of partisan argumentation , a trope for their use in crafting an intricate political argument .
As an actual frame of government , in the hands of conservative pundits such as Mona Charen , the Constitution is dead .
Conservatives ’ favorite politicians and judges , as well as those of liberals , are among those who killed it .
That is the verdict of Who Killed the Constitution ?
The Fate of American Liberty from World War I to George W. Bush .
The Best of Kevin R. C. Gutzman
I love you People .
Will you please look at this poor deer head with eye visible to the camera , and straddling kitteh [ foot on left side is redonk ]
[ Running under door jamb , bracing for Nuffs ]
Hey , how about a " I Break for Nuffs " bumpère stickère , Christine K.?
Rare blue lobster caught By By patxxoo Jun 13 , 2007 in Environment
The odds of ever seeing a blue lobster is a 1 in 3 million chance .
This rare genetic oddity one wo n't be seeing a lobster pot instead he 's going to live out his days in the comfort and safety of an aquarium .
The odds of ever seeing a blue lobster is a 1 in 3 million chance .
Another blue lobster on display at the Rhode Island Environmental Center I 've heard about them but this is the first one I 've ever seen , Hatch told The Day of New London newspaper .
So instead of cooking the rare lobster , which would have turned red just as ordinary ones do while being cooked , Steve put it into a cooler and took it to the Mystic Aquarium and Institute for Exploration where it will be in an elementary school class to help children to learn about this species .
He wo n't be alone though as they already have two other blue lobsters at the aquarium already .
On display at the Rhode Island Environmental Center Researchers at the University of Connecticut found that the blue coloring occurs when lobsters produce an excessive amount of protein because of a genetic mutation .
Other unusual and rare lobsters include some of the following :
As reported by Brandigal the two toned lobster check out her post Rare yellow lobster .
Although rare , lobsters can come in many colors .
Even more rare are lobsters like this one at Sorrento Lobster Inc. , which is not only multi-colored , but has both male and female sex organs .
This one has been called a lobster but I am finding that it is not truly one at all , that it is instead a species discovered in 2005 called Fuzzy White Lobster
It 's rare to find a completely new species , but science has done it .
A new , albino , " fuzzy " lobster has been found near the heated ocean vents at the bottom of the ocean in 2005 .
Something new turns up just about every day so keep a look out you just might be the next person to find that new or rare species .
More information and sources : http://archive.dailypicture.net/rare_blue_lobster_display_audubon_society_bristol_rhode.htm
http://www.winterhbrcoop.com/Rare%20Lobster%20Collection.html
http://lobsterpot.com/lobsters.htm
http://travel.mainetoday.com/news/050404blue.shtml
http://weirdauctions.com/page/8/
Found in New London , CT . by Steve Hatch and his uncle Robert Green Sunday morning in one of their lobster traps at the mouth of the Thames River .
This bright blue lobster weighed in at 1 1/2 pounds and has a very rare genetic mutation among the species .
So instead of cooking the rare lobster , which would have turned red just as ordinary ones do while being cooked , Steve put it into a cooler and took it to the Mystic Aquarium and Institute for Exploration where it will be in an elementary school class to help children to learn about this species .
He wo n't be alone though as they already have two other blue lobsters at the aquarium already .
Other unusual and rare lobsters include some of the following :
As reported by Brandigal the two toned lobster check out her post here Albino lobster missing one claw .
This one has been called a lobster but I am finding that it is not truly one at all , that it is instead a species discovered in 2005 called Kiwa hirsuta that is closely related to squat lobsters and hermit crabs .
Something new turns up just about every day so keep a look out you just might be the next person to find that new or rare species .
More information and sources : More about Blue lobster , Genetic mutation , Mystic aquarium institute blue lobster genetic mutation mystic aquarium inst ...
by eMedExpert staff
Medical references reviewed : August , 2018
Antibiotics are an essential part of modern medicine and they are the only cure for numerous infectious diseases .
Since the discovery of penicillin in the 1940s , scientists from many countries have developed more than 150 different antibiotics to help stop the spread of infections .
The ability of antibiotics to cure infectious diseases that were previously fatal has led to the notion that they are miracle drugs .
And that they possess " powers " widely exceeding those which can be attributed to their actual pharmacological properties .
In most developed countries , antibiotics are the second most widely used class of drugs after simple analgesics .
These drugs have saved millions of lives .
However , the misuse of antibiotics has led to serious problems .
1 Virtually all current antibiotics act only on replicating bacteria
Antibiotics are generally active against multiplying bacteria , but are much less effective against non-replicating ( latent ) bacteria .
Advertisement
2 Antibiotics can't distinguish between the " good " and the " bad " bacteria
There is a delicate balance of billions of bacteria inside our digestive tract .
Bifido bacteria in the large intestine and acidophilus in the small intestine and vagina protect against infection by yeast and other bad bacteria .
" Friendly " bacteria on the skin also protect against bad bacteria , yeast , and fungal infections .
Continued use of antibiotics , especially broad - spectrum antibiotics , can seriously disrupt the normal ecology of the body and render anyone more susceptible to pathogenic ( disease causing ) bacteria , yeast , and viral infection .
3 Bacteria produce antibiotics
Antibiotics are common metabolic product of bacteria ( e.g. Streptomyces , Bacillus ) and fungi .
Bacteria produce antibiotics as their defense mechanism against competitors9 .
4 The worst thing one can do is to take only a few of the antibiotic prescribed
At the beginning of treatment antibiotic wipes out the most vulnerable and weakest bacteria .
Stopping antibiotic course prematurely will allow relatively resistant bacteria to survive and multiply .
Most people either forget to take pills , or stop taking them intentionally once they begin to feel better -- they think the infection is gone .
But when medication is not taken long enough , the most resistant bacteria are not killed .
Not only do they survive , but since they have " seen " the antibiotic , they can change their structure so that the same antibiotic will not kill them in the future .
5 How antibiotic resistance happens
Bacterial resistance to antibiotics is produced by changes in the bacteriums DNA , called  Mutations  .
One bacterium with a mutation can survive the antibiotic and reproduces millions more with the same resistance within the space of a day .
Antibiotic resistance results from gene action .
Bacteria acquire genes conferring resistance in any of three ways :
In spontaneous DNA mutation , bacterial DNA may mutate spontaneously .
Drug -resistant tuberculosis arises this way .
In a form of microbial sex called transformation , one bacterium may take up DNA from another bacterium .
Penicillin - resistant gonorrhea results from transformation .
Most frightening , however , is resistance acquired from a small circle of DNA called a plasmid that can flit from one type of bacterium to another .
A single plasmid can provide a slew of different resistances .
In 1968 , 12,500 people in Guatemala died in an epidemic of Shigella diarrhea .
The microbe harbored plasmid - carrying resistances to four antibiotics !
6 Antibiotics are not completely metabolized in the body and are released as active compounds into the environment
Many antibiotics are stable chemical compounds that are not broken down in the body , but remain active long after being excreted .
At present , antibiotics make a considerable contribution to the growing problem of active medical substances circulating in the environment .
Very little is actually known about the occurrence , fate , effects and risks associated with the release of antibiotics and other drugs into the environment ( after being used in human ) .
7 Bacteria subsisting on antibiotics
Scientists found several strains of bacteria in the soil which can not only tolerate antibiotics , but can actually make a meal of the world 's most potent antibiotics5 .
This phenomenon suggests that this unappreciated reservoir of antibiotic - resistance determinants can contribute to the increasing levels of multiple antibiotic resistance in pathogenic bacteria .
8 Proper dosage is very important for antibiotic effectiveness
If the dosage of the antibiotic is not adequate , it will not be effective for treatment of the infection and bacteria are more likely to develop resistance .
This is because the bacteria can continue to grow and develop ways to disrupt the antibiotic 's effects .
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , 18 million courses of antibiotics are prescribed ( by doctors !!! ) for the common cold in the United States per year , despite the almost universal belief in medical circles that colds are caused by viruses .
In addition , an estimated 50 million unnecessary antibiotics are prescribed for viral respiratory infections .
These and other needless antibiotic prescriptions , on top of the many " correct " ones , are responsible for the increasing resistance of bacteria to many widely - used antibiotics , especially in hospitals .
9 Who prescribes antibiotics inappropriately ?
Foreign , extra-busy and older MD
Proper ( or improper ) antibiotic prescribing depends on the physician .
Canadian study7 found that doctors most likely to prescribe antibiotics in error are those who 've been in practice longer , see more patients or trained outside Canada or the US .
The study found that international medical graduates are a shocking 78 % more likely than Canadian - and American - trained MDs to give antibiotics inappropriately .
This happens not because of poor knowledge , however .
Some countries , Spain foremost among them , simply have more liberal attitudes to antibiotics use .
The study also found that doctors who see an average of 34 or more patients per day are 20 - 27 % more likely to give antibiotics where they 're not appropriate .
The research also showed that for each year a physician is in practice , their rate of inappropriate prescribing increases by 4 % .
10 No new classes of antibiotics have been discovered in recent years
The discovery of new antibiotics has slowed down significantly ( even dramatically ) .
Developing new antibiotics has become too expensive and unattractive for pharmaceutical companies .
At the same time , the government has reduced investment in infectious diseases because they have largely been viewed as treatable diseases .
The combination has led to a decline in interest in antibiotic discovery .
The antibiotic development pipeline has dried up .
This means that for at least the next 10 years no new antibiotic classes will come to market .
Here is the timeline of introduction of new classes of antibiotics1
Year introduced Antibiotic class 1935 Sulphonamides 1941 Penicillins 1944 Aminoglycosides 1945 Cephalosporins 1949 Chloramphenicol 1950 Tetracyclines 1952 Macrolides / lincosamides / streptogramins 1956 Glycopeptides 1957 Rifamycins 1959 Nitroimidazoles 1962 Quinolones 1968 Trimethoprim 2000 Oxazolidinones 2003 Lipopeptides
Advertisement
11 Antibiotics may promote growth / obesity in humans as an inadvertent result of antibiotic pollution
The growth promoting effects of antibiotics were first discovered in the 1940s .
The twentieth - century increase in human height and the obesity of the population is roughly observed since the mass consumption of antibiotics 40 - 50 years ago2 .
12 Green tea boosts the bacteria - killing activity of the antibiotics
Green tea can help antibiotics be more effective in fighting bacteria .
Researchers have found that green tea and antibiotics may work synergistically against certain pathogenic bacteria 10 .
13 Antibiotics may interfere with immune system development
Children who are given broad - spectrum antibiotics before two years of age are three times more likely to develop asthma than children who are not given such antibiotics 3 - 4 .
14 Antibiotic " spectrum of activity " and " potency " are not the same
A broad spectrum antibiotic is one that can kill many different types of bacteria .
A narrow spectrum antibiotic is one that kills only a small variety of germs .
Many people refer to a broader spectrum antibiotic as a stronger antibiotic , but spectrum and strength are NOT exactly the same .
If an organism is sensitive to narrow spectrum antibiotic like penicillin using a broader spectrum antibiotic will not result in any better cure .
Antibiotics may have a similar spectrum of activity , but they may vary in potency .
15 Antibiotics are life - savers
Antibiotics have saved countless lives worldwide .
When antibiotics were first used to treat bacterial infection they were hailed as the greatest lifesavers of all time .
Before penicillin was discovered , infections were a leading cause of death .
In 1900 , the three leading causes of death were pneumonia , tuberculosis , diarrhea , and enteritis , which ( together with diphtheria ) caused one third of all deaths6 .
And at the same time ...
16 Penicillin is the # 1 cause of life - threatening anaphylactic shock
Penicillins and cephalosporins have the highest rate of allergic reaction .
Approximately 1 in 5000 exposures to a parenteral dose of penicillin or cephalosporin antibiotic causes anaphylactic shock8 .
Anaphylactic shock ( also called anaphylaxis ) is a rapid and severe allergic reaction , and one of the scariest health emergencies .
Anaphylaxis starts when the immune system mistakenly responds to a harmless substance as if it were a serious threat .
17 More antibiotics are used on animals than on humans
In fact , more antibiotics are used on animals than on humans .
The WHO says more than half of global production is used on farm animals .
In the last 30 years the use of penicillin - type drugs in farm animals has increased by 600 % , and of tetracyclines by 1,500 % .
Antibiotics are largely used in raising pigs and chickens .
References
Book of the Week The Chain
by Chien - Chi Chang
The Chain is an unnerving series of portraits taken at a mental - care institution in southern Taiwan , where 700 patients live together .
At the institution , pairs of patients are yoked like prisoners in a chain gang as they work , eat , shower , even go to the bathroom , released only when it is time to sleep .
Despite harsh criticism of the temple 's methods , the Taiwanese government seems to have turned a blind eye to the situation .
View selected images
Join the Fray © Marilyn Silverstone / Magnum Photos
What do you think of these photos ?
Join the Fray , our reader discussion forum .
Post a message Read messages
One war photographer was enough for my family ; I was to be a photographer of peace .
Cornell Capa
June 2 , 2008  --
The i's are dotted , t's are crossed and a 139 - foot flagpole is ready to fly the Stars and Bars over one of the busiest highway interchanges in Florida .
The Sons of Confederate Veterans in Tampa plan soon to raise what they claim is the world 's largest Confederate flag on a private triangle of land tucked near where Interstates 75 and 4 meet .
The flag measures 50 feet by 30 feet .
John Adams , commander of the organization 's Florida division , has spearheaded the flag project , which includes plans for an accompanying memorial park .
And he wants to make sure that the only objections the group faces are based on opinion , not the law .
" You 're going to hear some complaints about it for sure , " Adams said .
" But it 's a free country as far as I know . "
To some , particularly across many Southern states , the rebel flag represents a rich heritage that includes fighting and dying for the Confederate cause during the Civil War .
To others , the flag represents dark memories attached to slavery and racial inequality .
One of those people is Curtis Stokes , president of the NAACP in Hillsborough County , who hopes that a groundswell of opposition to raising the flag might convince the Sons of Confederate Veterans to reconsider .
That 's an unlikely scenario , according to Adams .
Nearly a decade ago , the 220 members in the state 's Sons of Confederate Veterans group launched a project called " Flags Across Florida " in response to a decision by state officials to remove the Confederate flag from a place of prominence near the state capitol in Tallahassee .
" Our members decided the trend is going to be that there 's a major outlash against these being flown on public property , all we need to do is buy our own property and put them up there , " Adams said .
The flag will be the group 's third in the state , but will be not only the largest , but will also fly square in the middle of one of the most highly - trafficked intersections in the state .
An estimated 124,000 cars pass by the highway ever day .
The two Interstates link the Tampa Bay area to Orlando to the northeast and Miami to the south .
The pole , which will be anchored by a 100,000 - pound concrete base , is the tallest the Federal Aviation Administration would allow in that spot .
The 1,500 - square - foot flag was ordered from a Chinese company after an American flagmaker begged off , citing union objections to making the flag .
It will be illuminated by spotlights at night .
Adams said the project , which will cost an estimated $ 80,000 , has been going through approvals with the Hillsborough County government for more than two years .
The park that accompanies the flag will feature landscaping and parking as well as plaques detailing the state 's historical contributions to the Confederacy .
One will even pay tribute to the small group of black soldiers who fought on the Confederacy 's behalf , Adams said .
Throughout the permitting process , Adams admits he never revealed to officials that it was the Confederate flag he intended to fly atop the pole .
He had no reason to , he said .
" The flag is political speech so it 's not like they can do anything about it , " he said .
" You can not simply discriminate because the message is one you do n't like . "
To Adams and members of his organization , the soldiers who fought and died for the Confederacy deserve the same historical deference as those who died fighting for the Union cause .
They are veterans who fought for what they believed was right for the country , he said .
Hillsborough County and the state of Florida are both familiar with the differing opinions on the flag .
In 1994 , the county government removed the Confederate flag from the county seal .
Motorists in nine states can pay for a license plate bearing the logo of the Sons of Confederate Veterans — a design that incorporates the Stars and Bars .
A similar proposal in Florida , however , so far has been unsuccessful .
Still , the Sunshine State is one of just two states to celebrate the birthday of Confederate president Jefferson Davis , a state holiday that is held tomorrow , June 3 .
Adams said the group will honor the holiday by previewing the flag on Tuesday .
In popular culture , the Confederate flag has been celebrated — as a hood ornamentation on the General Lee in the television show " The Dukes of Hazzard " for example — but also used to depict racism and racist characters .
It is also listed in the Anti-Defamation League 's database of hate symbols .
" Although the flag is seen by some Southerners simply as a symbol of Southern pride , it is often used by racists to represent white domination of African - Americans , " according to the Web site .
Stokes , the president of the local NAACP , told ABC News that the group will do what it can — including work with the county commissioners and county administrator to prevent the flag from flying .
" We certainly understand the First Amendment rights they have , but as a county , that 's not the way we want to move forward , " Stokes said .
" We do n't want to revisit a dark part of our history because it does n't represent the values of Hillsborough County . "
Stokes acknowledged , however , that the group went to great lengths in to make sure they could legally raise the flag .
" The 've done everything they can on their side to make sure it was done legally , " Stokes said .
" But we would appeal to them directly .
Is this something that they want to see depicted national and internationally about Hillsborough County ? "
Preventing the flag raising , he said , will have to be a combined effort by residents and leaders of the county .
" I think we 're going to rise up as a diverse citizenry and show the Sons of the Confederate Veterans that this is n't something we want , " he said .
Kevin
White , the sole black member of the Hillsborough County Commission , oversees the area where the flag will fly .
He said that he is " saddened and frustrated " by group 's effort , but unsure if there is anything that can be done .
" It appears that if all of the permitting is legal , there is n't anything we 're able to do except show a loud , vocal opposition and maybe bring some sense to people , " White told ABC News .
" The symbolism of what it stands for totally brings a negative connotation to the community as a whole . "
White fears that drivers who might have planned a stop in Hillsborough County will drive right through when they see the massive flag .
" They might have stopped for lodging or to get something to eat , " White said .
" Now they 'll say , ' Maybe I 'll just keep driving and get out of this county altogether . ' "
Adams said that the flag is not meant to symbolize racial inequality .
" Nobody 's going to spend $ 80,000 to build a park to honor racism , " he said .
" We 're building a park to honor veterans . "
He also said that the group will consider filing a lawsuit if any attempt to restrict the flag were made by county officials .
" Telling me you can't fly the flag is like telling me you can't honor the Confederate dead , " Adams said .
" You can only honor the Union dead . "
Data Recovery Software
Company Provides both Windows and Mac operating system supported Data Recovery Software for different Hard disk , USB drive , Memory card , MP3 players , Digital Cameras , External HDD , Mobile Phones and similar digital media .
< embed width = ” 430 ″ height = ” 389 ″ type=” application/x-shockwave - flash ” wmode= ” transparent ”
Indymedia — Jim Goodenow ’s “ Yellow Bus ”
Jim Goodenow and his bus , the Yellow Rose , both have suffered a terrible tragedy .
In recent months , Jim has been providing transportation to Iraq Veterans Against the War for their various tours and other activities .
Last night , Jim escaped a fire of suspicious origins that destroyed the bus .
Luckily Jim is all right .
This message was passed on by Bill Perry , a vet , anti war activist and member of Delaware Valley Veterans For America .
I received the following message forwarded by Bill Perry regarding the “ Yellow Bus ” used to promote peace and justice throughout America .
The Yellow Rose bus , owned by Jim Goodenow , Veterans For Peace member , was set on fire , around 9:30 pm , Friday night , 1/11/08
This bus , often mired in controversy since the IVAW “ Dirty South ” tour that left Philly in June , and had Active Duty BBQ ’s @ Ft Meade , Ft Jackson , Camp Lejeune , Ft Benning , and other Southern Military Posts ( Including an IVAW benefit by Tom Morello , of Rage Against the Machine , and AudioSlave , in Virginia ) as well as backdrop for many a Demonstration , and Ft Drum , NY , organizing parties , has finally died .
Painted on the bus was the huge “ Do n’t Attack Iran ” and “ Impeach Bush ” logos , that let everybody on the highway know just how the occupants felt about the state of the state .
Owner ~Operator ~ Driver ( and Veteran ) Jim Goodnow pulled into a South Jersey Truck Stop , to catch a 3 or 4 hour nap .
Jim saw , in retrospect , some suspicious activity outside the bus , and about 20 minutes later , the entire engine compartment , and back of the bus was engulfed in flames .
Mr Goodnow speculates that the cause could have been anything from ARSON , to ATTEMPTED MURDER .
He plans to notify the ATF Arson Squad on Saturday morning .
Stay tuned ….
Be Well , RAISE HELL !
Bill Perry
Delaware Valley Veterans For America
Disabled American Veteran , VVAW , VFP , VFW , VVA
A fund has been set up and is tax deductible :
Checks can be made out to :
Veterans For Peace , Chapter 106 ( please spell this out )
Put in memo line : BUS FUND
Mail to :
Bernie Jezercak
1804 Tree LIne Drive
Carrollton , TX 75007
THAT smoking causes lung cancer is well established .
But what causes smoking ?
This is the question at the heart of a study published in Nature by a group of researchers who work at deCODE , an Icelandic genomics company .
They do not , quite , answer it .
But they do think they have the answer to the related question of why some smokers smoke in moderation whereas others are rarely found without a fag in their hands — and thus why some people are , genetically speaking , more susceptible to lung cancer than others .
That answer lies in part of human chromosome 15 , and depends on what is known as allele T of SNP rs1051730 .
A SNP , or single - nucleotide polymorphism , to give its full name ( the short version is pronounced “ snip ” ) , is a place where genomes routinely differ from one another by a single genetic letter .
In this case , the variation happens inside a gene for one of the receptor molecules that nicotine attaches itself to when it produces its buzz .
Based on a study of 13,945 Icelandic smokers , deCODE 's researchers showed that having a T in the appropriate part of the gene correlates very strongly indeed with being a heavy smoker .
The team estimates that the chance of their being wrong is less than one in a thousand trillion .
Not surprisingly , having the T variant also correlates with the chance of a smoker getting lung cancer .
Each copy ( there may be none , one or two , since one can come from a person 's father and one from his mother ) increases that chance by 30 % .
The T variant does not , however , increase the likelihood that someone will take up smoking in the first place .
That is either a matter of free will or , if it is genetic , is controlled by genes somewhere else .
It all looks neat and simple — and extremely plausible .
Genes promote smoking ; smoking promotes cancer .
However , it might be wrong .
For another paper in Nature , and a third in its sister journal Nature Genetics , report similar studies that have drawn rather different conclusions .
Model T ?
Paul Brennan and Christopher Amos both agree that something significant is going on in the part of chromosome 15 studied by deCODE .
But they have concluded that genetic variation there acts directly on a person 's susceptibility to lung cancer , rather than acting indirectly by modifying his smoking behaviour .
That does not mean the gene or genes in question actually cause lung cancer .
Rather , it means that they amplify the effects of smoking instead of the amount of smoking .
Like deCODE , both Dr Brennan ( who works at the International Agency for Research on Cancer , in France ) and Dr Amos ( who works at the University of Texas ) identified rs1051730 as an important SNP .
Unlike deCODE , though , both think a second SNP , rs8034191 , is involved as well .
That , and the fact that the region of chromosome 15 under scrutiny has two other nicotine - receptor genes in it , suggests the situation may indeed be more complex .
On top of this , Dr Brennan and Dr Amos both used a different method from deCODE's .
They compared lung - cancer patients directly with otherwise similar cancer - free smokers , in what is known as a case - controlled study , and concluded that genetic variants in the nicotine - receptor - rich part of chromosome 15 are changing not smokers ' behaviour , but their susceptibility to cancer .
Moreover , Dr Brennan also claims to have discovered an increased susceptibility to lung cancer in non-smokers with the relevant SNPs , though his sample size is small and his result is not supported by Dr Amos 's work .
These contradictory conclusions are both puzzling and intriguing .
DeCODE has one further piece of evidence in its favour .
Besides the correlation with lung cancer , the T variant also seemed to correlate with peripheral arterial disease , another common side - effect of smoking .
On the other hand , the firm also acknowledges that the link it thinks it has discovered does not account for the whole of the risk of smoking - induced lung cancer .
What is not in doubt , however , is that there is some sort of a link between genetics and lung cancer .
That raises interesting issues , particularly as genetic testing becomes easier .
DeCODE has already announced it will add rs1051730 to the standard screen it offers to those who wish to know their susceptibility to diseases .
The day is not far off , therefore , when those who take the essentially irrational decision to start smoking tobacco will be able to find out in advance exactly how foolish they are being .
Abstract
There are many well - known open - source cryptography libraries available , which implement many different ciphers .
So which library and which cipher (s ) should one use for a new program ?
This comparison presents a wealth of experimentally determined speed test results to allow an educated answer to this question .
The speed tests encompass eight open - source cryptography libraries of which 15 different ciphers are examined .
The performance experiments were run on five different computers which had up to six different Linux distributions installed , leading to ten CPU / distribution combinations tests .
Ultimately the cipher code was also compiled using four different C++ compilers with 35 different optimization flag combinations .
Two different test programs were written : the first to verify cipher implementations against each other , the second to perform timed speed tests on the ciphers exported by the different libraries .
A cipher speed test run is composed of both encryption and decryption of a buffer .
The buffer length is varied from 16 bytes to 1 MB in size .
Many of the observed results are unexpected .
Blowfish turned out to be the fastest cipher .
But cipher selection cannot be solely based on speed , other parameters like ( perceived ) strength and age are more important .
However raw speed data is important for further discussion .
When regarding the eight selected cryptography libraries , one would expect all libraries to contain approximately the same core cipher implementation , as all calculation results have to be equal .
However the libraries ' performances varies greatly .
OpenSSL and Beecrypt contain implementations with highest optimization levels , but the libraries only implement few ciphers .
Tomcrypt , Botan and Crypto++ implement many different ciphers with consistently good performance on all of them .
The smaller Nettle library trails somewhat behind , probably due to it 's age .
The first real surprise of the speed comparison is the extremely slow test results measured on all ciphers implemented in libmcrypt and libgcrypt .
libmcrypt 's ciphers show an extremely long start - up overhead , but once it is amortized the cipher 's throughput is equal to faster libraries .
libgcrypt 's results on the other hand are really abysmal and trail far behind all the other libraries .
This does not bode well for GnuTLS 's SSL performance .
And libmcrypt 's slow start promises bad performance for thousands of PHP applications encrypting small chunks of user data .
Most of the speed test experiments were run on Gentoo Linux , which compiles all programs from source with user - defined compiler flags .
This contrasts to most other Linux distributions which ship pre-compiled binary packages .
To verify that previous results stay valid on other distributions the experiments were rerun in chroot - jailed installations .
As expected Gentoo Linux showed the highest performance , closely followed by the newer versions of Ubuntu ( hardy ) and Debian ( lenny ) .
The oldest distribution in the test , Debian etch , showed nearly 15 % slower speed results than Gentoo .
To make the results transferable onto other computers and CPUs the speed test experiments were run on five different computers , which all had Debian etch installed .
No unexpected results were observable : all results show the expected scaling with CPU speed .
Most importantly no cache effects or special speed - ups were detectable .
Most robust cipher was CAST5 and the one most fragile to CPU architecture was Serpent .
Most interesting for applications outside the scope of cipher algorithms was the compiler and optimization flags comparison .
The speed test code and cipher library Crypto ++ was compiled with many different compiler / flags combinations .
It was even compiled and speed measured on Windows to compare Microsoft 's compiler with those available on Linux .
The experimental results showed that Intel 's C++ compiler produces by far the most optimized code for all ciphers tested .
Second and third place goes to Microsoft Visual C++ 8.0 and gcc 4.1.2 , which generate code which is roughly 16.5 % and 17.5 % slower than that generated by Intel 's compiler .
gcc 's performance is highly dependent on the amount to optimization flags enabled : a simple - O3 is not sufficient to produce well optimized binary code .
Relative to gcc 4.1.2 the older compiler version 3.4.6 is about 10 % slower on most tests .
All in all the experimental results provide some hard numbers on which to base further discussion .
Hopefully some of the libraries ' spotlighted deficits can be corrected or at least explained .
Lastly the most concrete result : the cipher and library I will use for my planned application is Serpent from the Botan library .
Download Source
Cryptography Library Speedtest Version 0.1 ( current ) released 2008 - 07 - 14 Source code archive : Download crypto-speedtest-0.1.tar.bz2 ( 4680 kb )
MD5 : 37fea6c2623da97f09e85401c29a9768 Browse online
Table of Contents
1 Motivation
Currently I am working on a program dubbed CryptoTE .
It is a text editor which automatically saves documents and attachments in an encrypted container file .
The idea is to transparently encrypt sensitive passwords and other data so other , possibly malicious programs ( and users ) cannot read the text .
Yes , I know there are many " Password Keeper " programs available on the Internet .
However CryptoTE , being a text editor , will be much simpler : it will not force you to structure your password data , no tables , attributes , etc .
Last reason : I need it myself .
CryptoTE will be available on idlebox .
net when finished .
During current development of CryptoTE I have to decide , which cryptography library and which cipher (s ) to choose for encrypting data .
Currently I do n't plan on having the user select one of 100 different ciphers , and thus leave cipher selection to some arbitrary choice of the user .
( " Blowfish looks pretty , reminds me of my last diving trip , I 'll take that one . " )
So the list of available ciphers will be very short .
I also do n't care for the following misleading entry on the features list : " This super program has 1000 different ciphers " ( which are actually just implemented by the library it uses ) .
The basic idea before starting this extensive comparison , was to use one of the currently strongest ( public ) ciphers : Rijndael ( AES ) , Serpent or Twofish .
Easy so far , but which library to use ?
Probably libgcrypt or libmcrypt , because the first is used by GnuTLS and the second is a long existing PHP extension used by many , many web applications .
However the results of this speed comparison test shows that this choice would not have been optimal .
It turned out that there are substantial differences in the different libraries encryption speeds .
Once the speed test was written , the initial results showed such surprising differences , that I extended the test .
I ran the library speed test on different Linux distributions and different CPUs / computers .
This should determine if the differences were specific to my favorite distribution ( Gentoo ) or to my desktop computer 's CPU architecture .
Testing different distributions however is not really fair .
Most important criterion for the cipher speed are the compiler flags used to compile the library sources during packaging .
So I expected a distribution using the - O2 flag to show lower speeds than a distribution compiled with - O3 ( like my Gentoo is ) .
Thus I further extended the speed test to compare three different custom cipher implementations across different compilers and compiler flags , in the end even running the speed test on Windows ( to satisfy the curiosity of a friend of mine ) .
Here too the speed test results are unexpected .
2 Description of Libraries , Ciphers and Compilers
The speed comparison test was performed using many different ciphers found in well - known open source cryptography libraries .
It was run on five different CPUs and six different Linux distributions to reveal details about distribution packaging , compiler flags and CPU attributes .
This section will describe in short which libraries , ciphers and compilers where compared .
2.1 Libraries Tested
Table 1 : Cryptography Libraries Tested Library Versions Language License Reason libgcrypt 1.2.3 / 1.2.4 / 1.4.0 C LGPL
Used by GnuTLS , which I prefer over OpenSSL because it throws no valgrind memory errors .
libmcrypt 2.5.7 / 2.5.8 C LGPL
Long existing PHP extension .
Used by lots and lots of web sites Botan 1.6.1 / 1.6.2 / 1.6.3 C++ BSD Newer library .
More liberal license .
Good C++ interface instead of old - fashion C. Crypto++ 5.2.1c2a / 5.5 / 5.5.1 / 5.5.2 C++ Special Another C++ library which seems to have a more Win32 - ish background .
OpenSSL 0.9.8 b / 0.9.8 c / 0.9.8e / 0.9.8g C Special Well , it 's OpenSSL .
Just the low - level cipher interface is tested .
Nettle 1.14.1 / 1.15 C LGPL Very small ( ! ) low - level library .
Beecrypt 4.1.2 C LGPL
Another small and possibly fast library .
Tomcrypt 1.06 / 1.17 C Public Domain Least entangled library of cipher implementations .
The license of all these libraries are problematic , because the actual encryption cipher source code is often in the public domain .
However , that is some lawyer 's job to figure out .
For a detailed listing of each libraries ' versions see the extra page : Distribution Package Versions .
Furthermore three custom cipher implementations were included in the speed test .
These custom implementations are basically the publicly available original cipher source code modified and extended by myself for direct inclusion in my C++ programs .
Included are :
Optimized Rijndael ( AES ) by Vincent Rijmen , Antoon Bosselaers and Paulo Barreto .
Serpent cipher optimized by Dr. Brian Gladman .
Another implementation of the Serpent cipher extracted from Botan .
This is included to compare compiler settings and also because this implementation will be used in CryptoTE .
2.2 Ciphers Tested
The ciphers available in the different libraries vary greatly .
Mostly I chose to run a speed test on the strongest ciphers included in the library .
All ciphers are tested in ECB ( Electronic Codebook ) mode , because it is available everywhere and best tests the cipher implementation itself .
Table 2 : Tested Ciphers in the Cryptography Libraries Cipher Blocksize ( bits ) Keysize ( bits ) Libgcrypt Libmcrypt Botan Crypto + +
OpenSSL Nettle Beecrypt Tomcrypt Rijndael AES 128 256 • • • • • • • • Serpent 128 256 • • • • • Twofish 128 256 • • • • • • CAST6 ( 256 ) 128 256 • • • GOST 64 256 • • • Safer + 128 256 • • Loki97 128 256 • Anubis 128 256 • Blowfish 64 128 • • • • • • • • CAST5 ( 128 ) 64 128 • • • • • • • 3DES 64 168 • • • • • • • XTEA 64 128 • • • • Noekeon 128 128 • Khazad 64 128 • Skipjack 64 80 •
2.3 Compiler and Flags Tested
Quite late during this speed test process , I decided to also test different compilers and compiler flag combintations .
gcc was available in two different versions on my Gentoo system .
Further I installed the Intel C/C++ Compiler using their " Non-Commercial Software Development " license .
Lastly a friend wanted me to compare it with Visual C++ , of which I have an academic edition .
The basic - O# optimization flags were tested on all three compilers .
Some further gcc flags were also tested , as the default - O# are still quite restrictive .
Furthermore ( not included in the preceding list ) I ran the speed tests on MinGW to double - check the timer resolution on Windows .
3 Test Method
Two programs are used to test and compare the cipher implementations .
3.1 verify
The first test is not a speed measurement , instead the program verify is used to validate the different libraries against each other .
Some fixed input is run through different libraries and the encrypted output is compared .
This is done to check the different implementation ( especially those which I modified ) for correctness .
Verify only tests five ciphers : Rijndael , Serpent , Twofish , Blowfish and 3DES .
Rijndael , Blowfish and 3DES are implemented in almost every library and Serpent is the cipher I ultimately chose .
Twofish and Blowfish are surprisingly fast in some results , so I had to check that they actually did some work .
For each library or custom implementation verify takes a 128 KB buffer filled with a specific pattern .
It then encrypts the buffer and compares the result with the another encrypted buffers , thus checking that both ( or more ) implementations returned the same results .
Then the cipher is used to decrypt the buffer again , and the buffer contents is verified to be the original data pattern .
The following implementations are checked against each other :
Rijndael ( AES ) : Custom ( Rijmen ) , libgcrypt , libmcrypt , Botan , Crypto ++ , OpenSSL , Nettle , Beecrypt , Tomcrypt .
( That are all libraries )
Serpent : Custom ( Gladman ) , Custom ( Botan ) , libgcrypt , libmcrypt , Botan , Crypto ++ , Nettle .
Twofish : libgcrypt , libmcrypt , Botan , Crypto ++ , Tomcrypt .
Blowfish : libgcrypt , libmcrypt , Botan , Crypto++ , Nettle , Tomcrypt .
3DES : libgcrypt , libmcrypt , Botan , Crypto++ , OpenSSL , Nettle , Tomcrypt .
( All except Beecrypt )
3.2 speedtest
The core of each speed test consists of one encryption pass directly followed by a decryption pass .
Thus both encryption and decryption speed of the cipher is tested and results will reflect the time to encrypt plus decrypt .
The passes are performed on one buffer filled with a pattern .
The first statistic variable is the buffer size en / decrypted .
It ranges from 16 bytes to 1 MB .
Only the buffer sizes 24+n with n = 0 .. 16 are measured .
By also testing very small buffers , library overhead and cipher key preprocessing / initialization time is measured indirectly .
This start - up overhead becomes smaller as the buffers get larger .
To make results more accurate with the inaccurate time measurement device ( gettimeofday ( ) ) , small buffer size en/ decryption is repeated a large number of times .
The total run of all repeats is then divides by the number of repeatitions .
The number of repeatition begins so that at least 64 KB of data is processed .
If one repeated run takes less than 0.7 seconds , the same test is redone with twice the amount of data processed .
This way the repetition loop is increased until processing takes a sufficiently long time to allow good measurement with only moderate timer resolution .
Furthermore each buffer size ( including all internal repetitions ) is tested 16 times .
The different buffer sizes are not tested individually , but different sizes consecutively and then all are repeated .
The time is measured on Linux using gettimeofday ( ) and on Windows using timeGetTime ( ) .
The results are written out to a text file for further processing with gnuplot .
Each result includes the buffer size , average , standard deviation , minimum and maximum ; both the absolute time measured and the reached throughput speed are printed into the result file .
4 Test Environment
4.1 CPUs and Distributions
The speed measurements were performed on five different computers available to me .
They have five different CPUs :
Intel Pentium 4 at 3.2 GHz with 1024 KB L2 cache - Short : p4-3200
Intel Pentium 3 ( Mobile ) at 1.0 GHz with 512 KB L2 cache - Short : p3-1000
Intel Pentium 2 at 300 MHz with 512 KB L2 cache - Short : p2-300
Intel Celeron at 2.66 GHz with 256 KB L2 cache - Short : cel - 2660
AMD Athlong XP 2000 + with 256 KB L2 cache - Short : ath - 2000
To compare distribution package speed six different Linux distributions where used :
Gentoo stable
Debian 4.0 etch ( currently stable )
) Debian lenny ( currently testing )
) Ubuntu 7.10 Gutsy Gibbon
Ubuntu 8.04 Hardy Heron
Fedora 8
For a detailed listing of the different libraries package versions used in the speed tests , see the extra page : Distribution Package Versions .
4.2 Basic Test Program Runs and Plots ( results )
The speedtest program was run many times .
Small code changes and adaptions required many re-runs during the whole testing process .
The final runs were performed from 2008 - 04 - 09 to 2008 - 04 - 22 .
They produced the text result files found in the downloadable package .
The text result files contain the raw time and speed numbers .
Two different gnuplot scripts are included , which visualize the numbers to show different aspects .
The results directory of the package contains PDFs named < cpu >-< distro>.pdf and < cpu >-< distro>-all.pdf ( e.g. p4-3200-gentoo.pdf ) .
These graphs read result files from only one run of all speedtests ; the first plots contain the different ciphers contained in each library .
The second part then groups the results by cipher : displaying the speed of the different libraries .
The PDFs < cpu >-< distro >- all.pdf contain all libraries and all ciphers run on a single CPU / distribution combination .
These graphs contain 57 plot lines and are really full .
Their size is trimmed to be printed on A4 paper .
To compare the different CPU / Distribution combinations against each other , two further PDFs are included : sidebyside - comparison.pdf and distrospeed.pdf .
The sidebyside - comparison.pdf contains eight plots on each page .
The plots of all < cpu > -< distro >.pdf are grouped together and plots displaying the same cipher / libraries are put on one page .
This way a direct side - by - side comparison can be done .
More individually the distrospeed .pdf contains plots which show the same library as run on different CPU / distro combinations .
Not all combinations are included , only those run on my p4-3200 desktop computer are compared .
4.3 Compiler / Flags Test Program Runs and Plots ( results - flags )
The test runs to compare different compilers and compiler flag sets are also included in the package under a different results directory .
The final runs of this result set were performed on 2008 - 05 - 26 .
All compiler tests were run on the same CPU / computer : p4-3200 - Pentium 4 3.2 GHz
The biggest issue was to automate compilation of both the speedtest code and the cryptography libraries with all the different flags and compilers .
This was not done for all cryptography libraries , but only for Crypto ++.
It 's configuration script was easy and allowed easy exact definition of the compiler and flags ( other libraries ' configure stripped out or automatically added optimization flags ) .
Crypto++ also provided project files for Visual C++.
The results - flags directory contains some compilation automation scripts and a perl / gnuplot script .
The script calls gnuplot subprograms and feeds generated gnuplot command into the plotter to create the two PDFs named flags.pdf and flags - gcc3.4.pdf .
flags.pdf is the primary result file and compares the different compilers and compiler flags for all the different ciphers available .
flags - gcc3.4.pdf was only used to check MinGW 's special gcc 3.4.5 against the gcc 3.4.6 on Gentoo Linux .
Thus the timer resolution of Windows and Linux was double - checked so the results of Visual C++ are comparable to those run on Linux .
5 Observation and Discussion
This section describes the observations and results found in the different graphs .
Please note that all these results are subjective and statistically irrelevant because of the small number of computers tested .
However they do give insight into the problems of encryption performance .
All plot bitmaps in the following text are linked to their full - scale PDF originals .
5.1 Ciphers Compared
The first set of plots contain straight - forward performance data of the different ciphers provided by each library .
The plot above displays absolute time in seconds required to run one unit of the speed test .
One speed test unit consists of encryption and decryption of a buffer with specific length .
The length of the buffer tested is the value on the x-axis and ranges from 16 to 1024768 bytes .
The buffer lengths are plotted logarithmically , meaning each step to the right actually doubles the length .
This way the small length are also showed in detail .
In the above graph the average absolute time and the standard deviation ( only visible as the small horizontal dashes ) are plotted .
Much more informative is the above plot , which shows speed instead of absolute time .
Where speed = bytes / time .
The speed is displayed in megabyte per second .
The above plot shows some ciphers available in the libgcrypt library .
First observations identifies
Twofish to be the fastest cipher , once buffers are larger than about 9000 bytes .
It achieves more than 20 MB/s throughput .
All ciphers require a start - up overhead , which explains the lower speed for small buffer .
This start - up overhead mainly consists of cipher key - schedule context precalculations , but other things like library - overhead , memory - allocation and initialization also take their toll .
Twofish and Blowfish need longest to start - up , all others are about the same .
The start - up speed is visible in the graph by regarding how large a buffer must be to amortize the precalculations .
This is where the plot line reaches it 's horizontal value .
The above plot shows the ciphers tested in the Botan library .
This plot shows a totally different picture than the previous one .
This time Blowfish is the " winner " .
But , more important , all ciphers perform significantly better than the implementation in libgcrypt ; of course one can only directly compare ciphers available in both libraries .
Note the y - axis scale going up to 40 MB/s
Similar speeds are observable in the above plot of the ciphers from the Crypto ++ library .
Best performing cipher is again Blowfish with almost 50 MB/s throughput .
However it is also the slowest to start - up and reach it 's peak performance .
All other ciphers perform similarly with their counterparts in the Botan library , with the exception of Serpent .
For some reason Serpent is less than half as fast as in the Botan library .
The real surprise of the speedtest is the above plot showing ciphers implemented in the libmcrypt library .
The plot shows a massively higher start - up time for all ciphers in the library .
Performance of libmcrypt for small buffers from 1000 to 10000 bytes is abysmally lower than for all other libraries .
However after the start - up overhead is amortized , the cipher implementations reach the their expected speeds .
I have no idea why libmcrypt has such an overhead during cipher allocation and initialization .
This can not be due to key schedule setup of similar cipher - related aspects , because they are common to all libraries .
It must be something with ( possibly special secure ) memory allocation , cipher look - up , multi - thread mutex locking or other aspects of the library 's organization .
I rather not think about the myriads of web applications using libmcrypt via PHP to encrypt small bits of user data , which is stored in some SQL database .
During my search for encryption libraries , I noted that the ubiquitous OpenSSL library also exports low - level cipher functions .
Obviously the selection of ciphers in OpenSSL is directly linked to those required for SSL communication channels .
It only provides 3DES , Blowfish , CAST5 and , in the newer OpenSSL versions , also AES .
However the comparison of different libraries below will show that the relatively few cipher implementations in OpenSSL are highly optimized .
The nettle library contains well - performing implementation of the most common ciphers .
Last but one library in this first list is Tomcrypt .
It contributes 11 ciphers to the speed test , some quite exotic like Noekeon , Skipjack and Anubis .
Wikipedia brands Noekeon as a rather vulnerable cipher .
Skipjack seems to have been a classified NSA cipher .
Most interesting is Anubis which was ( co - ) created by the same person who initially designed AES ( Rijndael ) .
Last library is Beecrypt , which contains only two block ciphers .
Thus the data plot contains only two lines .
These results appear again in a better context in the library comparison below .
So which is the fastest cipher ?
That is a difficult question to answer .
The main problem is that all test results above were generated on Gentoo .
Gentoo is a Linux distribution compiled from source on each installation .
So each Gentoo installation is to some degree different from others because compiler flags , used system libraries and other aspects can change quickly .
This is why the real " best " cipher speed comparison table is postponed to one of following sections , in which different distributions are compared .
Jump to the " best cipher " table if you are impatient .
The following table shows the maximum speed in KB/s of each cipher implementation :
5.2 Libraries Compared by Cipher
The second set of plots compares the eight cryptography libraries against each other .
One cipher is selected for comparison and all libraries providing this cipher are plotted into one chart .
Obviously not all libraries provide all ciphers , so the plots have different amount of lines .
The first cipher to compare is Rijndael ( AES ) .
It is provided in all eight libraries , plus one extra custom implementation .
The custom implementation is basically the original Rijndael code as released by the author .
The only modification was to adapted it into a convenient C++ class .
The plot shows that the different libraries vary greatly in performance .
In the range from 10 MB/s to more than 40 MB/s the libraries ' performances are fairly distributed .
Lowest in speed is libmcrypt , while the highest speed was achieved by OpenSSL .
My custom implementation came in third .
Start - up overhead was also highest in libmcrypt .
Most other libraries show low start - up overhead .
All Rijndael implementations were verified against each other , which means that all work as expected and output the same cipher text for equal input .
Thus the above results cannot show totally different calculations ; the output is always the same .
This is maybe the most surprising result of the whole speed test : all cipher implementations ' calculation results are verified to be exactly the same , yet the performance of the tested libraries vary so greatly that this seems absurd .
The second plot shows how fast the Serpent cipher is performed by the different libraries .
For Serpent two different custom implementations are included .
The first is optimized by Dr. Brian Gladman using different theoretic methods .
The second was extracted from Botan , it will be used by my CryptoTE editor .
Serpent is a slower ( and more secure ) cipher than Rijndael .
The average libraries all show a performance speed of less than 15 MB/s .
However the big exception turned out to be Botan , showing almost twice the speed of all other libraries .
With almost 30 MB/s it surpasses many Rijndael implementations .
This is why I extracted it from Botan into a stand - alone C++ class for used in my programs .
The speed of Botan was retained and for small buffers the start - up overhead introduced by Botan was eliminated .
Whether this amazing performance is due to special CPU features or compiler flags will be discussed in the following sections .
Twofish is another candidate from the AES - contest .
It is implemented by six of the studied libraries .
All show the same slow start - up of the cipher .
It requires much preprocessing of the key material but achieves a higher throughput than Serpent for larger buffers .
The speed achieved by all libraries is larger than 20 MB/s .
Predecessor of Twofish is the Blowfish cipher .
Implemented by all eight examined libraries , it shows a similar slow start - up like Twofish .
After amortizing the start - up overhead , Blowfish performs faster than Twofish .
However the two should not be compared directly , because they perform in different security classes : Blowfish is old and Twofish is much newer and is generally regareded as more secure .
With almost 50 MB/s , Beecrypt 's Blowfish implementation presented the highest achieved speed in the complete speed test on Gentoo .
Close behind are Crypto++ , Tomcrypt and OpenSSL .
Compared to 50 MB/s libgcrypt 's speed of roughly 6 MB/s , even on large buffer sizes , is really bad .
The cipher CAST5 is rather old , but still used e.g. by PGP / GnuPG for symmetric encryption .
It is implemented by all libraries except beecrypt .
This time all libraries perform similarly with an average speed of around 32 MB/s .
Only libgcrypt falls out of the line .
Last cipher to be compared is 3DES .
Triple DES is very old compared to the others , however it is still widely used in VPN , SSL and hardware circuits .
It is implemented by all libraries except beecrypt .
Most unexpected is the speed of OpenSSL 's implementation of 3DES .
It beats all others by far .
Obviously much optimization has been put into this implementation , probably because 3DES is one the encryption ciphers routinely used for SSL connections .
So which is the best / fastest library ?
That question can be answered here only for the Gentoo distribution .
Comparing the libraries on Gentoo has the advantage , that Gentoo begin source - compiled can enable all optimizations and does not introduce performance problems imposed by pre-compiled binary packages or other problems , which the binary package maintainer may have created .
However how to compare a library like beecrypt which implements only two ciphers to a library which implements eleven ciphers ?
Obviously only the ciphers actually available can be scored .
The scoring analysis was done as follows :
First the average speed for each cipher was calculated .
Then each library 's speed delta ( difference to the average ) was regarded and added up .
Thus the total difference all implemented ciphers was taken for the following ranking .
Note that in this analysis , if a cipher is implemented by only one library , the cipher adds zero score to the total .
All speeds are in KB/s :
The winning " library " are my custom implementations .
No surprise there , I would n't have included them in the test if they were slow .
So the real winner is OpenSSL .
It 's implementations are on average 8,320 KB/s faster than the average implementation .
Second and third place are very close and go to Beecrypt and Tomcrypt .
5.3 Findings On Different Distributions
First problem of the last two sections was that all libraries were taken from my Gentoo system .
Gentoo however is a distribution where all packages are compiled from source using individual compiler flags .
This approach is not shared by most other Linux distributions , which ship pre-compiled binary packages .
So are the finding above specific to my Gentoo system ?
Or even to the flags specified in my configurations ?
To clarify this issue , five other Linux distributions were installed in chroot jails on the same computer .
The speed test compiled in the chroot thus use the binary - distributed library versions .
The chart above plots the selected ciphers from libgcrypt run on the six Linux distributions on the same CPU .
Each cipher has one distinct color and the six distributions are distinguished through the different line styles , solid dashed , dot - line - dot , etc .
( Click on the plot for a zoomable PDF . )
One can see that some ciphers , that is Rijndael , Serpent and Blowfish , perform very similar on all platforms : their colored lines follow about the same path .
Twofish too performs similar on all distributions except on Gentoo , probably due to extra compiler optimization .
CAST5 shows a rather large variation of speeds ; CAST5 also has large standard deviations compared to the others .
3DES also shows a rather large speed range .
All in all , no real surprises are in the above chart .
Maybe the most strange is that compiler - optimized Gentoo ( the solid line ) performs a lot better on Twofish but also a lot worse on CAST5 .
Next library above is libmcrypt .
This chart verifies that mcrypt has very slow start - up times and not only on Gentoo , but on all distributions .
The chart excludes some cipher ( XTEA , Safer + and Loki97 ) to increase readability .
Again some ciphers show very little variation in throughput speed : Rijndael , CAST6 and 3DES .
All others also show no great surprises .
Botan and Tomcrypt show the same effects .
Some cipher implementations perform nearly equivalently on all distributions , others show a larger but no huge variation .
The corresponding chart for Crypto ++ is very full and shows a wide variation even of ciphers previously unvarying .
Crypto ++ seems to be very sensitive to optimization .
Nettle 's chart shows the same observations as before .
The two remaining library are OpenSSL and Beecrypt .
OpenSSL shows that it 's cipher implementations perform almost unvaryingly well on all distributions .
This promises good performance for SSL secure sockets on all distributions .
Beecrypt shows only one new aspect : the Blowfish implementation on Debian - lenny shows a serious fall as compared to Debian - etch .
This is probably due to the gcc compiler version change to 4.2 .
More about compilers and compiler flags later .
So which distribution performs best ?
To analyze this question , the speed table was created for each distribution .
It contains the maximum value of each plot , the maximum speed the cipher reached .
Then the average speed of all cipher / library test runs performed on one Linux distribution is calculated .
The table below shows this average and the average over all test runs .
The values below the average are ( minimum - maximum ) speed across all ciphers implemented in the library .
Again all values are in KB/s .
Table 6 : Average Library Performance on Different Distributions with Range gcrypt mcrypt botan cryptopp openssl nettle beecrypt tomcrypt custom average relative p4-3200 - gentoo 11,449 18,155 24,157 23,890 35,263 24,011 38,125 26,310 32,494 23,610 100 % ( 5,015 - 22,283 ) ( 3,834 - 44,355 ) ( 6,698 - 40,781 ) ( 6,744 - 50,448 ) ( 12,070 - 47,299 ) ( 4,940 - 35,514 ) ( 23,588 - 52,662 ) ( 3,463 - 49,685 ) ( 29,171 - 35,817 ) p4-3200-ubuntu-hardy
12,192 18,175 20,412 24,390 33,743 19,161 36,411 28,477 32,077 22,941 2.8 % ( 6,490 - 19,975 ) ( 3,468 - 40,554 ) ( 6,007 - 39,000 ) ( 3,304 - 41,518 ) ( 11,707 - 45,198 ) ( 2,438 - 30,706 ) ( 23,285 - 49,538 ) ( 3,570 - 52,340 ) ( 26,935 - 37,219 ) p4-3200-debian- lenny 12,384 15,044 20,480 24,459 33,179 21,071 25,094 28,290 31,819 22,140 6.2 % ( 6,564 - 20,171 ) ( 3,017 - 32,796 ) ( 5,920 - 38,985 ) ( 3,345 - 41,500 ) ( 11,972 - 45,110 ) ( 2,393 - 34,414 ) ( 23,591 - 26,597 ) ( 3,523 - 52,293 ) ( 27,296 - 36,341 ) p4-3200-ubuntu-gutsy
11,261 18,176 19,759 18,051 33,844 20,928 36,354 26,544 31,904 21,620 8.4 % ( 3,804 - 21,024 ) ( 3,461 - 40,597 ) ( 6,296 - 37,651 ) ( 4,336 - 31,028 ) ( 11,878 - 45,176 ) ( 2,434 - 34,379 ) ( 23,293 - 49,416 ) ( 3,036 - 51,821 ) ( 28,183 - 35,626 ) p4-3200-fedora8 11,140 17,069 23,755 19,249 32,225 25,121 32,960 21,229 29,038 21,313 9.7 % ( 2,246 - 20,412 ) ( 3,337 - 41,066 ) ( 7,311 - 35,071 ) ( 7,241 - 34,668 ) ( 11,974 - 45,253 ) ( 3,868 - 43,517 ) ( 20,742 - 45,177 ) ( 3,051 - 47,499 ) ( 24,503 - 33,573 ) p4-3200-debian-etch
10,899 15,049 18,898 12,523 33,814 21,324 36,537 26,862 32,630 20,179 14.5 % ( 3,660 - 19,020 ) ( 2,990 - 32,804 ) ( 6,425 - 32,452 ) ( 4,439 - 42,647 ) ( 11,805 - 45,298 ) ( 2,559 - 34,795 ) ( 23,517 - 49,558 ) ( 3,448 - 51,800 ) ( 29,106 - 36,155 )
Obviously Gentoo is the fastest distribution .
No surprise here , the libraries were compiled from source with high optimization levels .
The only other result seen here is that " newer " distributions ( ubuntu - hardy and debian - lenny ) perform better than older one .
This is probably due to the compiler version bump from gcc 3.4.x to gcc 4.1.x .
More about that in the section Compiler and Optimization Flags .
See the external table file for a detailed speed table listing for all distributions .
5.4 Ciphers compared by CPU
The tests discussed in the last three sections ( ciphers , libraries and distribution comparisons ) were all performed on my development computer .
It has a Pentium 4 CPU at 3.2 GHz .
To determine if any of the previous results are due to special attributes of the Pentium 4 architecture , the speed test was repeated on four other CPUs / computers .
To make the comparison independent of the Linux distribution , Debian etch was installed on all computers ( chrooted on some ) .
The plots below display results of the speed test on the five CPUs side by side .
The sixth plot shows results from my Pentium 4 run with Gentoo , instead of Debian etch ; these are the same plots as in the section " Ciphers Compared " just for comparison .
Again we address libgcrypt 's results first .
All five results from Debian etch look similar .
From p2-300 to p3-1000 the cipher 's speed increases twofold ( Rijndael from 2 MB/s to 7 MB/s ) , but all relative speeds are unchanged .
Also cel - 2660 and p4-3200 show very much the same picture , scaled only by the increased CPU speed .
Yet these two charts pairs ( p2-300/p3-1000 vs. cel-2660/p4-3200 ) show different relative speeds : most obvious Twofish is best on p2-300/p3-1000 but CAST5 wins on cel-2660/p4-3200 .
More interesting is the fact that the three ciphers Blowfish , Serpent and 3DES do n't scale with CPU speed as well as the other three do .
ath - 2000 shows a third picture , different from p2-300/p3-1000 and cel-2660/p4-3200 .
3DES and Serpent are actually faster on the ath - 2000 than on p4-3200 .
These implementation seem to work better with AMD 's CPUs than Intel's .
On all CPUs libmcrypt on Debian etch shows the same slow start - up .
Since this rules out the library for almost all purposes , I will not go into more detail on the CPU comparison .
Next we regard a faster library : Botan .
Again the CPUs ' results form three distinct groups with equal relative speeds : p2-300/p3-1000 , cel-2660/p4-3200 and ath - 2000 .
But compared to libgcrypt the relative speeds change less : only Serpent and Twofish show large changes from CPU to CPU .
Again ath - 2000 shows better relative speed results for these cipher than the faster CPUs cel-2660/p4-3200 .
Interesting is also the comparison of Debian etch with Gentoo on the p4-3200 : the plots show almost equal relative performance with Gentoo 's higher optimization ; with one exception : Serpent performs four times as fast on Gentoo .
Crypto++ is the next library in the speedtest .
We already saw that Crypto ++ is very sensitive to optimization flags .
Looking at the five charts , p3-1000 immediately falls into the eye : Twofish is the fastest cipher only on that CPU , all others show very high Blowfish speeds instead .
Blowfish is almost twice as fast on those CPUs than the next fastest cipher : Rijndael .
For a more detailed analysis the above plots were regenerated without the Blowfish data set .
Without Blowfish the other ciphers show almost equal relative performance on the four CPUs p2-300 , ath - 2000 , cel - 2660 , p4-3200 .
But even on the other ciphers the CPU p3-1000 performs differently .
Most notably the Twofish cipher reaches almost 12 MB/s on p3-1000 , but only 5 MB/s on ath - 2000 .
Why this CPU walks out of the line is beyond me .
OpenSSL's highly optimized cipher implementations perform very well on all tested CPUs .
Again this promises very good SSL socket speeds on all x86 CPUs .
No further important observations are found on these charts .
Beecrypt 's results can again be grouped into three similar charts : p2-300/p3-1000 , ath - 2000 and cel-2660/p4-3200 .
Like on libgcrypt , some ciphers ( Serpent , 3DES ) do not speed - up as well as others : Rijndael , CAST5 , Blowfish and Twofish utilize the faster CPUs better .
And the Athlon does a better job with the less - scalable ciphers than Intel 's CPUs .
Tomcrypt shows the same results as already seen on libgcrypt , Beecrypt and less prominently on the other result comparisons .
What do we conclude from the cross-CPU examination ?
First and most important point is that the performance of an individual cipher does not depend on specific the CPU architecture .
The speed usually scales well with CPU speed .
However there are exceptions : some cipher implementations do not scale as well as others .
Most often 3DES and Serpent show less relative performance gain .
Second interesting point is to determine the cipher which scales best .
This requires a short calculation , because we need to account for the CPU 's speedup .
Thus the first step is to calculate the relative speed - up of each CPU .
So first the average speed over all speed tests on all CPUs is taken : all - average in the following table .
Then the average speed over all tests on each individual CPU is calculated and from that the relative speed to all - average is calculated : e.g. p3-1000 reaches only 65.2 % of the all - average speed .
Table 7 : Average CPU / Computer Performance average relative all - average
11,609 p2-300-debian-etch 2,053 17.7 % p3-1000 - debian -etch 7,574 65.2 % ath- 2000 - debian - etch
11,591 99.8 % cel-2660-debian-etch 16,645 143.4 % p4-3200-debian-etch 20,179 173.8 %
Then the average performance of each cipher is calculated again across all CPUs and for each CPU individually .
Of course only the libraries are taken into account which actually implement the cipher .
In the last step , for each cipher to average performance of all CPUs is scaled down by the speed - up multiplier calculated above to get the linear scaled , expected speed of the cipher .
This expected speed is then compared to the actually measured speed : negative values show less than expected speed , positive show a larger speed - up .
The difference is shown in the table below , the sum of all differenced to the expected performance signifies how well the CPU is suited for ( the tested ) cryptography algorithms .
Table 8 : Cipher Performance Across All Tested CPUs / Computers average cast5 cast6 3des blowfish rijndael xtea twofish serpent total all - average 11,609 15,525 7,356 3,281 20,369 15,348 9,869 13,607 6,732 relative to average 133.7 % 63.4 % 28.3 % 175.5 % 132.2 % 85.0 % 117.2 % 58.0 % p2-300-debian-etch 2,053 2,714 1,332 605 3,459 2,705 1,584 2,596 1,336 expected 17.7 % 2,746 1,301 580 3,603 2,715 1,746 2,407 1,191 difference -32 30 24 - 144 -10 - 162 189 145 41 p3-1000 - debian-etch 7,574 9,597 5,617 1,988 12,335 9,647 5,921 10,558 5,326 expected 65.2 % 10,130 4,800 2,141 13,291 10,014 6,439 8,878 4,392 difference - 532 817 -153 -955 -367 -518 1,680 933 905 ath-2000 - debian -etch
11,591 15,162 7,015 3,404 20,625 14,602 9,387 13,534 8,715 expected 99.8 % 15,501 7,345 3,276 20,338 15,324 9,854 13,586 6,721 difference -340 -330 128 287 -723 -467 -52 1,994 497 cel-2660-debian-etch
16,645 22,688 10,292 4,813 29,502 22,529 14,659 18,718 8,255 expected 143.4 % 22,260 10,548 4,704 29,207 22,007 14,151 19,510 9,652 difference 428 -256 108 295 523 508 -792 -1,397 -583 p4-3200-debian-etch
20,179 27,463 12,526 5,595 35,925 27,256 17,795 22,626 10,026 expected 173.8 % 26,986 12,787 5,703 35,407 26,679 17,155 23,652 11,702 difference 476 -261 -108 517 577 639 - 1,026 - 1,676 - 860 min - 532 -330 -153 -955 -723 -518 - 1,026 -1,676 max 476 817 128 517 577 639 1,680 1,994 normalized min -398 - 521 - 541 - 544 -547 -610 -875 -2,890 range 1,009 1,148 281 1,473 1,300 1,158 2,706 3,670 normalized range 754 1,811 993 839 984 1,362 2,309 6,329
From the differences to the expected performance the cipher best suited for all tested CPU can be determined : the worst - case is compared ( highest negative performance speed - up ) .
However because the min values are in KB/s speed a direct comparison is not valid : faster ciphers bring larger differences to the expected speed .
The minimum speed difference has to be normalized by the average cipher 's speed to allow a direct comparison .
The same normalization is done for the ( min - max ) range size , which shows how large the cipher 's speed fluctuation is .
So obviously p3-1000 is the CPU most suited for cipher algorithms .
It performs on average 113 KB/s faster than the others .
However compared to the actual speed of 2 - 10 MB/s this speed - up is not substantial .
The cipher performing best relative to all CPUs is CAST5 .
It has the least break - in of speed when run on all CPUs .
Next are CAST6 and 3DES , which also show solid performance regardless of the CPU .
Most fragile to CPU architecture is Serpent ; it shows almost 1.676 kB /s less speed on the p4-3200 than expected .
Surprising is that 3DES shows the least fluctuation : the range of its speed differences is only 281 KB/s .
On all CPUs 3DES performs almost exactly as expected by the average .
However relative to 3DES 's slow speed this range is not that small .
The normalized ranges of CAST5 , 3DES , Blowfish and Rijndael all show that these ciphers are quite independent of the CPU .
Again Serpent shows the largest range of speed differences .
See the external table file for a detailed speed table listing for all CPUs .
5.5 Compiler and Optimization Flags
The last collection of test results are centered on the question " How important is the compiler and compiler flags for the encryption speed ? " .
This question already arises above during the comparisons of different distributions .
Here the binary package maintainer or in case of Gentoo the distribution user sets the ( gcc ) compiler flags used to compile the library source code .
To examine the compiler flags influence the cipher source code was compiled using all the 35 different flags shown in table " Compiler and Flags Tested " .
As stated above the biggest problem was to verify that the build scripts ( configure + make ) of the library actually passed the flags on to the compiler .
To improve readability of the following plots only a subset of all compiler flags are displayed .
The longer gcc compiler flag sequences are shortened to allow compact display in the legend :
Table 9 : Shortened Compiler Flags Shortened Flags - O2 p4 - O2 - march=pentium4 - O3 p4 - O3 - march=pentium4 - O2 p4 ofp - O2 -march=pentium4 -fomit-frame- pointer - O3 p4 ofp - O3 - march=pentium4 -fomit-frame- pointer - O2 p4s ofp - O2 -march=pentium4 -msse -msse2 -msse3 - mfpmath=sse -fomit-frame- pointer - O3 p4s ofp - O3 -march=pentium4 -msse -msse2 -msse3 - mfpmath=sse -fomit-frame- pointer - O2 p4s ofp ul - O2 - march=pentium4 -msse -msse2 -msse3 -mfpmath=sse -fomit-frame- pointer -funroll-loops - O3 p4s ofp ul - O3 - march=pentium4 -msse -msse2 -msse3 -mfpmath=sse -fomit-frame-pointer -funroll-loops
Of the above flags , only the - O3 variants are included in the following plots .
The first three plots compare compiler flags based on the three custom cipher implementations .
First is the Rijndael implementation , which already shows the main trends of the compiler and flags comparison : Intel 's C++ compiler generates the fastest code .
Next best is gcc with the highest level of optimization .
Microsoft Visual C++ passes somewhere in the middle field .
Another important observation is that the gcc 4.1.2 - O3 p4 ofp flag combination performs nearly equal to " - O3 p4s ofp " and " - O3 p4s ofp ul " .
This means that the flags - funroll - loops and - msse - msse2 - msse3 - mfpmath=sse does not change performance .
An outlier result is the one generated by gcc 4.1.2 - O1 : it show way faster performance that all other gcc results .
The reason for this fast result is unknown : less optimization seems to do some ciphers ( here Rijndael ) good .
Second custom implementation is Gladman 's Serpent code .
Again Intel 's C++ compiler wins the race by a long shot .
This time the second place goes to Microsoft 's Visual C++ , which also shows a large winning margin against gcc .
Interesting here is that all three compiler perform nearly the same when optimization is disabled : the red lines are almost equal .
gcc again shows large performance gains from more compiler flags , peaking again with gcc 4.1.2 - O3 p4 ofp .
The custom cipher code extracted from Botan is an interesting candidate for optimization : it mainly contains eight substitution box functions , the transformation and support functions of which all are declared static inline .
Lots of room for optimizations like instruction schedueling , reordering and register allocation .
However the cipher code contains only few branches and loops .
Except for the loop over the 256 - bit blocks no branches are contained in the main execution part .
The plot shows again Intel 's compiler to provide highest optimization .
The second place goes this time to gcc , but only with the highest optimization flags level in the test .
Third is Visual C++.
Remarkable is the large difference between the winning combinations , which are above 20 MB/s , and the middle field of gcc flag combinations : they all show speeds smaller than 10 MB / s .
The jump from 10 MB /s to more than 20 MB / s happens when - fomit - frame - pointer is added to the flags .
This was also visible in the last two plot , but the jump is really large in the current plot .
Again gcc 4.1.2 - O1 shows a result breaking out of the middle field .
This time it does not reach - O3 p4 ofp levels .
Now we study the results of cipher implementations in the Crypto ++ library .
First up is Rijndael .
The plot shows a much larger spread of results than the three custom implementations .
Again the winning order is Intel 's followed by Visual C++ and gcc .
However the winning speed results are much closer together than in the last three tests .
gcc 4.1.2 - O1 again shows larger speed optimization than - O3 ofp combinations .
But again the difference is smaller than before .
Crypto ++'s implementation of Serpent shows very much the same results as MyBotan Serpent : icc best , gcc with - O3 ofp second and msvc third .
Again gcc 4.1.2 - O1 shows a special performance .
This time gcc 3.4.6 also shows good speed results , nearly reaching gcc 4.1.2 .
In the preceding tests gcc 3.4.6 did not show good performance compared to the other results .
The plot above compares by the Twofish implementation in Crypto ++.
It shows the same findings as in the previous plots .
The PDF plot file contains six more comparisons with different ciphers from Crypto ++.
All show the same observations as the first six and are therefore omitted here .
Check the PDF or tarball for the other charts .
The central point of interest in this section is to find the fastest compiler / compiler flags combination for all ciphers .
For this comparison the speed of all ciphers are averaged for each compiler flags combination .
The only other calculation of interest is to see how much slower the other compilers are .
So each total average is also displayed relative to the fastest compiler / flags combination .
Table 10 : Top Compiler / Compiler
Flags average relative my - rijndael gladman - serpent mybotan - serpent cryptopp - rijndael cryptopp - serpent cryptopp - twofish ... icc-O1 34,977 100.00 % 46,864 27,123 30,029 39,456 32,779 58,783 ... icc-O2 34,713 99.25 % 47,630 27,905 30,195 39,638 32,291 58,961 ... icc-O3 34,653 99.07 % 47,534 27,873 30,196 39,283 32,112 58,979 ... icc-Os 32,620 93.26 % 46,541 27,950 8,254 39,510 32,626 58,911 ... msvc8 - Ox 29,168 83.39 % 26,135 21,027 22,888 38,032 25,234 39,159 ... msvc8-O2 29,098 83.19 % 25,895 21,155 22,642 37,967 25,312 39,015 ...
gcc41-O3-p4s-ofp 28,863 82.52 % 34,955 13,040 26,198 31,906 28,338 37,214 ...
gcc41-O3-p4-ofp 28,790 82.31 % 34,493 13,290 26,846 32,154 28,071 37,091 ...
gcc41-O3-p4s-ofp-ul 28,770 82.25 % 35,025 13,457 26,690 32,065 27,919 38,452 ...
gcc41-O2-p4-ofp 28,327 80.99 % 33,855 12,723 26,763 31,633 27,958 37,086 ...
gcc41-O2-p4s-ofp 28,324 80.98 % 34,230 12,653 26,539 32,095 27,190 37,493 ...
gcc41-O2-p4s-ofp-ul 28,287 80.87 % 34,160 12,816 26,820 32,039 27,489 37,109 ...
gcc41-O1 26,537 75.87 % 44,357 6,293 20,535 33,495 23,282 36,114 ...
gcc34-O3-p4s-ofp-ul 25,837 73.87 % 27,841 8,709 7,174 35,445 27,308 35,370 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
The table above shows only the first rows and columns of the complete table .
See the external web page for the full speed table listing for all compiler flags .
Obviously Intel 's C++ compiler is the fastest , it shows about the same performance gain for - O1 , - O2 and - O3 .
When size optimization is enabled - Os the speed drops about 7 % .
Second best compiler in the test is Microsoft 's Visual C++ 8.0 : the code it creates performes roughly 16.5 % slower than that created by Intel 's compiler .
Again the maximum optimization flag / Ox and / O2 shows about equal performance .
But close behind is gcc 4.1.2 with the flags combination - O3 p4s ofp , which creates 17.5 % slower code than Intel 's compiler .
The older gcc version 3.4.6 is an amazing 26 % slower than Intel 's top mark .
However relative to gcc 4.1.2 the older compiler version 3.4.6 is only 10 % slower .
This is an interesting result , especially in view of early reports on gcc 4.x to show poorer optimization than the tried - and - true old version 3.4.x .
This opinion was very popular for 4.0.x versions of gcc .
At least in the cipher code case , this does not hold for 4.1.x .
A nice graphical overview of compiler speed is shown below : all average speed results are plotted by compiler / compiler flags combinations .
The average speed results are sorted to show a monotone decreasing speed line .
Obvious jumps in the speed line are from icc to the others at 34 MB/s to 28 MB/s. Followed by a smaller jump between the gcc 4.1.2 and 3.4.6 results around 26 MB/s .
And the last large jump down to less than 10 MB/s which is due to test results without any optimization flags activated ( - O0 ) .
Another interesting observation is that many gcc flags have no effect on the cipher code generation .
This is seen by the long steady intervals with minimum sloping .
6 Conclusion
In this section some of the results observed above are rediscussed to form a final conclusion .
In section Ciphers Compared each of the 15 compared ciphers are evaluated on Gentoo .
The average speed across all libraries implementing a particular cipher is calculated .
Blowfish turned out to be the fastest cipher in the test .
However selecting a cipher for a specific purpose must regard more parameters than the raw speed .
More important is a cipher 's strength as it is widely accepted by cryptography experts .
Nevertheless the numbers are a concrete basis for cipher selection .
When regarding the selected cryptography Libraries Compared by Cipher large differences become visible .
One would expect all libraries to contain about the same cipher implementations , as all calculation results have to be the same .
However performance varies greatly , and the variation is not due to compiler flags or other external problems .
All OpenSSL 's cipher implementations show high levels of optimizations , thus promising good performance for SSL sockets .
Beecrypt implements only two ciphers , but these two implementations show very high speed : Beecrypt 's Blowfish implementation reaches 52 MB/s , the highest speed result in the whole test .
Tomcrypt provides the largest number of ciphers and consistently good performance on all of them .
Botan and Crypto++ show similar speed results , each having some fast and some slower cipher implementations .
The small Nettle is rather old and thus probably contains more out - dated , slower implementations .
The first real surprise of the speed comparison is the extremely slow test results measured on all ciphers implemented in libmcrypt and libgcrypt .
libmcrypt 's ciphers show an extremely long start - up overhead , but once it is amortized the cipher 's throughput is equal to the other , faster libraries .
libgcrypt 's results on the other hand are really abysmal and trail far behind all other libraries .
This does not bode well for GnuTLS 's SSL socket 's performance .
Next Findings
On Different Distributions are discussed to put the previous speed results , which were all measured on Gentoo , into perspective .
The result shows that Gentoo really does perform faster than the others , probably due to the high optimization flags selected during source compilation of the libraries .
Gentoo is followed by the newer versions of Ubuntu ( hardy ) and Debian ( lenny ) .
Fedora and Ubuntu gutsy perform about equally .
The oldest distribution Debian etch takes the last place , showing almost 15 % slower speed results than Gentoo .
The section Ciphers compared by CPU was included to make sure that the results collected on the primary testing computer would be transferable onto other systems .
This proved to be the case .
Little difference other than the expected relative speed scaling was observable for other CPUs .
Most importantly no cache effects or special speed - ups were detectable .
Most robust cipher was CAST5 and the one most fragile to CPU architecture was Serpent .
Post by darkeru » Thu Jul 03 , 2008 3:39 pm
Thanks to all the commenter 's , and Im totally excited about Hack - a - day and MAKE .
YES !
haha
But anyway , I 'll post a picture of the innards when I get a chance .
I
basically cannibalized a OneStation which I must say is very cool by itself .
The N - cell batteries can be found at radioshack , I have been using them a lot
on my projects .
They are small enough to fit in most places yet still pack
quite a punch .
Building it is actually pretty simple , nothing complicated just moving around components to make room .
I cant think of anything else right now but I 'll gladly answer any questions .
Dealing with Anxiety and Panic Attacks
Are you fed up with Dealing with Anxiety And Panic Attacks ?
Would you like …
Will “ outsourced ” torture chickens finally come home to roost in American courts ?
On June 30 , the Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR ) , Burke O’Neil LLC , of Philadelphia and Akeel & Valentine , PLC , of Troy , Michigan filed a series of lawsuits in federal district courts in Maryland , Ohio , Michigan and Washington state against über - contractors CACI International , Inc. , CACI Premier Technology and L - 3 Services Inc. , a division of L - 3 Communications Corporation .
Monday ’s announcement by CCR follow close on the heels of a similar suit filed in May in federal district court in Los Angeles by Iraqi torture victim Emad al - Janabi , also against CACI International , Inc. and L - 3 Communications .
Named as a codefendant in the al - Janabi case is CACI interrogator , Steven Stefanowicz aka “ Big Steve . ”
Al - Janabi ’s attorneys claim that Stefanowicz directed some of the torture tactics deployed against their client , according to the Associated Press .
Al - Janabi told investigators that his “ outsourced ” interrogators punched him , slammed him into walls , hung him from a bed frame and kept him naked and handcuffed in “ stress positions ” in a filthy cell beginning in September 2003 .
Interviewed by The Associated Press in Istanbul , al - Janabi said :
“ They ( U.S. troops ) did not tell me what was the reason behind my arrest … during the interrogation , the American soldier told me I was a terrorist … and I was preparing for an attack against the U.S. forces . ”
( Greg Risling , “ Iraqi Alleges Abu Ghraib Torture , Sues U.S. Contractor , ” The Associated Press , May 5 , 2008 )
Al - Janabi denied the allegations and told the Associated Press he was forced to give a false confession after “ savage ” intimidation by interrogators .
The latest suits , filed on behalf of four Iraqi civilians “ wrongly imprisoned , tortured and later released without charge ” from the notorious Abu Ghraib prison and torture center according to CCR , were filed in four separate jurisdictions in which the individual contractor defendants reside .
Alleged torture practitioners named in the suit include “ Adel Nakhla , of Montgomery Village , Md. , Timothy Dugan , of Pataskala , Ohio , and Daniel E. Johnson , of Seattle , Wash . ”
The plaintiffs are :
Mohammed Abdwaihed Towfek Al - Taee , a 39 - year - old taxi driver who was detained and horrifically abused for nine months before his May 2004 release .
He later learned that he likely was the victim of a customer who presumably turned him over in exchange for American money for intelligence “ tips . ”
Wissam Abdullateef Sa’eed Al - Quraishi , a 37 - year - old married father of three , who was hung on a pole for seven days at the infamous Abu Ghraib “ hard site ” and subjected to beatings , forced nudity , electrical shocks , humiliating treatment , mock executions and other forms of torture during his incarceration at the prison .
Sa’adoon Ali Hameed Al - Ogaidi , a 36 - year - old Arabic teacher and shopkeeper and father of four , who was held for a year , caged , brutally abused at the prison “ hard site , ” stripped and kept naked , and was a “ ghost ” detainee hidden for a time from the International Committee of the Red Cross .
Suhail Najim Abdullah Al - Shimari , a farmer who was held for more than four years , including at the prison “ hard site , ” was caged , threatened with dogs , and subjected to beatings and electrical shocks , and threatened with death and being sent to a “ far away ” place .
( “ CCR Files Four New Abu Ghraib Torture Lawsuits Targeting Military Contractors in U.S. Courts , ” Center for Constitutional Rights , Press Release , June 30 , 2008 )
According to Washington Technology , the complaints also allege that the defendants
… not only participated in physical and mental abuse of the detainees , but also destroyed documents , videos and photographs ; prevented the reporting of the torture and abuse to the International Committee of the Red Cross ; hid detainees and other prisoners from the Red Cross ; and misled military and government officials about conditions at Iraqi prisons .
( David Hubler , “ CACI Calls Abu Ghraib Lawsuits Baseless , ” Washington Technology , July 2 , 2008 )
While an L - 3 spokesperson had “ no comment , ” CACI corporate communications executive vice president Jodi Brown told Washington Technology “ CACI refuses to take these false accusations in these vexatious lawsuits lying down .
We intend to set the record straight and will continue to fight the misguided and politically driven Center for Constitutional Rights to get the truth told and defend our good name . ”
Not so fast .
Far from being “ unsubstantiated ” as CACI spokespeople assert , plaintiffs ’ attorneys were forced to file five separate lawsuits because in 2004 , a federal District of Columbia judge refused to grant class - action certification for some 237 victims of alleged abuse by CACI and Titan employees , the Associated Press reports .
The original complaint is still pending and charges made against defendants in that suit , Stefanowicz , Nakhla , Dugan and Johnson were dismissed by the court due to its alleged “ lack of jurisdiction ” not because they were “ baseless allegations ” as CACI claims .
However , it would appear that CACI and codefendant L - 3 have their own “ politically driven ” motives for fighting off charges of torture and abuse of Iraqi detainees by their employees : cold , hard cash–and lots of it .
According to Washington Technology ’s “ Top 100 List ” of high - flying corporations subsisting on U.S. government “ national security ” handouts , L - 3 Communications clocked in at No. 8 with $ 3,944,840,524 , while No. 17 CACI International Inc. “ earned ” some $ 1,337,472,153 as “ federal government prime contractors . ”
Among L - 3 “ products ” hawked to the federal government are C3ISR ( command , control , communication , intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance ) systems for the global intelligence and surveillance markets specializing in signals intelligence ( SIGINT ) and communications intelligence ( COMINT ) .
C3ISR “ products ” are used by the National Reconnaissance Office ( NRO ) and the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency ( NGA ) for space - based spy satellite platforms as well as the National Security Agency ( NSA ) .
During 2007 , according to Reuters , C3ISR “ represented 17 % of the Company ’s total net sales . ”
Additionally L- 3 , “ Government Services , ” raked in big bucks for shareholders , representing some 31 % of total net sales .
“ Customers ” include the Department of Defense , Department of Justice , Department of State , the Department of Homeland Security , as well as U.S. intelligence agencies .
L - 3’s Aircraft Modernization and Maintenance division provides “ upgrades and sustainment , maintenance and logistics support services for military and various government aircraft and other platforms . ”
The AM&M division represents 18 % of sales revenue .
CACI ’s “ products ” include Enterprise IT and network services , C4ISR ( command , control , communications , computers , intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance ) platforms , information and “ knowledge management ” services , information operations and cyber security services .
According to Reuters , CACI “ is engaged in the simulation technology .
The Company has diversified primarily within the information technology ( IT ) and communications industries . ”
Amongst its “ clients ” can be found the “ Justice Department , State Department , Defense Department , Housing and Urban Development Department , Navy , Army and Homeland Security Department , ” according to Washington Technology .
Vigorous proponents of the “ free market , ” except that is , when it comes to the corporatist bottom - line , “ accountability ” is a rather fluid and dynamic concept better left to Wall Street analysts and upscale investors .
According to CorpWatch investigative journalist Pratap Chatterjee ,
Titan was bought by L - 3 in June 2005 for approximately $ 2 billion in cash , specifically so that the company could expand its intelligence portfolio .
“ It elevates us a notch to be a prime contractor in intelligence ” work , Frank Lanza , L - 3 ’s chairman and chief executive at the time told the Wall Street Journal .
He noted that until then the company had been mainly a products company , making everything from night - vision goggles to sensors to luggage - scanning devices .
Lanza noted that Titan had 9,000 employees with security clearance for classified work , of whom 5,000 had top - secret clearance , a classification that can take the government two years to process .
The buy - out was made on condition that the San Diego company settle outstanding federal charges of bribery as well as related shareholder lawsuits in California and Delaware for $ 67.4 million .
In June 2006 , Steven Lynwood Head , Titan ’s Africa president , pled guilty to making payments to support the 2001 reelection of President Mathieu Kerekou in the West African nation of Benin , where Titan was building a telecommunications system .
The company paid $ 28.5 million to settle charges under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act .
( “ Outsourcing Intelligence in Iraq : A CorpWatch Report on L - 3/ Titan , CorpWatch , April 29 , 2008 )
CorpWatch discovered during its investigation that L - 3 ’s intelligence contract in Iraq requires the company to provide three kinds of personnel : analysts , interrogators and screeners .
Chatterjee reports ,
“ The company is required to provide a total of 306 people in 22 Forward Operating Bases ( FOBs ) at an average cost to the taxpayer of about $ 320,000 per person per year . ”
While the L - 3 Iraq contract was lucrative ( after all $ 979 million is nothing to sneeze at ) , its still so - much chump change considering its other corporate “ products ” and total sales of $ 14 billion in 2007 .
Meanwhile , between August 2003 to 2005 , CACI provided up to 28 interrogators to the military in Iraq .
According to The Washington Post , CACI ’s 2003 Iraq interrogation contract “ was awarded in 1998 , with the stated purpose of providing inventory control and other routine services to the U.S. Army . ”
Post reporter Ellen McCarthy wrote ,
The CACI contract with the Army is administered by the Interior Department , under an outsourcing agreement with the Army , which has made it even harder to track .
( CACI Contract : From Supplies to Interrogation , The Washington Post , Monday , May 17 , 2004 ; Page E01 )
One “ order ” issued in August 2003 , was worth $ 19.9 million dollars for a year - long stint of interrogation support .
Additionally , in December 2003 , CACI landed a $ 21.8 million “ order ” for Army “ counter intelligence missions at secure and fixed locations , ” according to the Post .
Commenting on the cosy arrangement Danielle Brian , executive director of the Project on Government Oversight told McCarthy , “ ‘ It ’s considered this fabulously successful streamlining of the system , but in the process you lose any accountability . ’
Brian said she described large , open contracts like the one given to CACI as ‘ hunting licenses ’ . ”
Speaking of the lack of contract transparency and enforcement , Chatterjee reports that according to the July 2004 Army investigation by “ Lieutenant General Paul Mikolashek , on behalf of the Army Inspector General , found that a third of the interrogators supplied in Iraq by CACI had not been trained in military interrogation methods and policies . ”
This despite the fact that CACI ’s contract “ require [ d ] specific intelligence and technical expertise . ”
Indeed , Steven Stefanowicz ( aka Big Steve ) named as a codefendant in the al - Janabi complaint against CACI and L - 3 , had no formal training as a military interrogator or the Geneva Conventions on human rights .
During the court - martial of Sergeant Michael J. Smith , an Army dog handler at Abu Ghraib , a military policeman testified that Stefanowicz directed the abuse “ in one of the most infamous incidents photographed at Abu Ghraib : A prisoner in an orange jumpsuit being threatened by an menacing looking dog , a black Belgian shepherd named Marco , ” according to Salon investigative reporters Mark Benjamin and Michael Scherer .
Another of Abu Ghraib ’s infamous torture photographs released by Salon shows CACI interrogator Daniel Johnson placing an Iraqi prisoner in an “ unauthorized stress position . ”
Etaf Mheisen , a civilian translator with Titan Corp. , was assisting Johnson during the interrogation .
Army investigators concluded that there was “ probable cause ” that a crime had been committed , according to Mark Benjamin ’s 2006 Salon report .
Corporal Charles Graner , convicted for his role in prisoner abuse told Army investigators ,
… that Johnson told him to inflict pain by squeezing pressure points on the same prisoner ’s face and body and that he “ roughed up ” the prisoner at Johnson ’s instigation .
Frederick told the investigators that Johnson twice personally interfered with the prisoner ’s breathing and that he copied him : “ I would put my hand over his mouth and pinch his nose , ” so the prisoner could not breathe .
( Mark Benjamin , “ No Justice for All , ” Salon , April 14 , 2006 )
According to reporter Tara McKelvey , Titan Corporation translator Adel Nakhla ( known as “ Abu Hamid ” at Abu Ghraib ) , and described as a “ bully ” by neighbors was named as a suspect in detainee abuse by Major General Antonio Taguba ’s investigative report .
McKelvey reported ,
In a January 18 , 2004 , statement in the Taguba report , detainee Kasim Mehaddi Hilas said he saw Nakhla sexually assault an Iraqi boy .
Nakhla was “ fucking a kid , ” said Hilas .
“ His age would be about 15 to 18 years .
The kid was hurting very bad and they covered all the doors with sheets .
Then when I heard the screaming I climbed the door because on top it was n’t covered and I saw Abu Hamid who was wearing the military uniform , putting his dick in the little kid ’s ass …
And the female soldier was taking pictures . ”
Taguba said he found the accounts “ credible based on the clarity of their statements and supporting evidence provided by other witnesses . ”
He names Nakhla as a suspect in detainee abuse .
But so far Nakhla has not been charged with any crime .
( “ The Unaccountables , ” The American Prospect , September 7 , 2006 )
Forced from the U.S. Army after uncovering the abuse of prisoners in Iraq , now retired Major General Antonio Taguba wrote in Broken Laws , Broken Lives published by Physicians for Human Rights ,
After years of disclosures by government investigations , media accounts , and reports from human rights organizations , there is no longer any doubt as to whether the current administration committed war crimes .
The only question that remains to be answered is whether those who ordered the use of torture will be held to account .
Despite posturing and bluster by CACI ’s Jodi Brown , justice for the victims of these heinous crimes may finally be served .
Perhaps too , these well - connected corporate scofflaws and their war criminal friends in Washington just might be knocked off their privileged perches in the process .
One can only hope …
But that does not go far enough for the new law 's backers , who want to ensure voting rights from cradle to grave .
If the bill gets adopted , babies will have the same powers to voice their opinion on government handling of macro-economic performance in a global downturn enjoyed by their parents .
DIGG THIS
" Doctors know some patients needing lifesaving care wo n’t get it in a flu pandemic or other disaster . "
So begins an article on guidelines for deciding who will die .
Who is creating such guidelines ?
The Department of Health and Human Services , The Department of Homeland Security , The Centers for Disease Control , and " the military . "
The only infectious disease cited in the article was SARS , a non-performer as diseases go , so what are they thinking about ?
I have written about MRSA in this space a number of times .
It is a genuine epidemic that state agencies would rather not discuss ; it did n’t come from Asia , after all , and those same agencies are largely responsible for it .
Does that mean if grandma gets MRSA she ’s history ?
Maybe so .
I have mentioned VRSA a few times .
It ’s the variety of staph that can emerge after treating MRSA with Vancomycin .
As far as I know it ’s still confined to hospitals , as is another resistant bacteria called VRE .
However , recently I read about another one that got out .
It ’s an old time bacteria called Clostridum Difficle and there is a deadly mutation running rampant across the country .
There is no question that these bugs were born and raised in hospitals .
The number - one need is to disinfect hospitals and keep them disinfected .
That is neither easy nor cheap , but it is not impossible .
New products and services are becoming available .
Here is a stabilized bleach wipe for cleaning hard surfaces .
I ordered it on Amazon .
Here is a fogging service specifically designed to disinfect hospital rooms .
But I digress .
The " flu pandemic " mentioned above refers to Bird Flu , of course , the favorite political pandemic du jour .
In ten years Bird Flu has infected 348 persons and killed 216 in 14 countries .
In 2005 MRSA infected 94,000 and killed 18,250 in the US alone .
Which one is a problem ?
The article I began with also mentioned " or other disaster . "
Once again I wonder what they are thinking .
Another Katrina ?
Civil insurrection ?
Banking collapse ?
Or maybe the onslaught of baby boomers in the Social Security and Medicare systems .
Like the war against terra , they mumble words that could mean anything .
These " guidelines " do challenge my understanding of humane and competent medical practice .
I see these armchair practitioners designing the fate of millions bit by bit and undermining the Western traditions of medicine .
Certainly they have witnessed the bovine acceptance of TSA terrorism , police terrorism , military terrorism , so they can safely assume the people will accept the deliberate neglect unto death of the old , feeble , sick , or poor .
It ’s easy for a politician to promise one thing and deliver another .
Free universal health care sounds great until you find out , too late , that you ’re scheduled to die .
The Best of Robert Klassen
A few years ago , I was asked to be a guest speaker at a conference geared towards teachers .
Each session had to do with either Japan , Germany and Africa .
So , there you have it .
A vast , diverse , complicated continent with the same billing as two countries .
I narrowed my topic down to comparing Nigeria and The Gambia .
To really see Africa ’s impact all one needs to do is see which of the world ’s countries can fit inside it .
The statistics are staggering .
Africa ’s square miles are hard to wrap ones mind around .
The first time I went there , I thought it would be easy to country hop from The Gambia to Kenya .
Yeah , right .
Going back to the U.S. was easier .
What other countries could you add into the 29,843,826 of the countries represented here without going over ?
Singapore for sure .
[ via A Welsh View ]
The potential trade of Ron Artest to the Houston Rockets may have gotten off on the wrong foot over comments made by Artest 's potential teammate , Yao Ming , about Artest 's stormy past .
A day after the Rockets and Sacramento Kings agreed in principle to a deal sending Artest to Houston for Bobby Jackson , Donte Greene and a first - round draft pick , Yao expressed concerns about team chemistry to the Houston Chronicle and referenced Artest 's involvement in the 2004 brawl with Pistons fans .
" Hopefully , he 's not fighting anymore and going after a guy in the stands , " Yao said , according to the Chronicle .
When asked about those comments , Artest said Yao had bought into " all the propaganda " about him , according to The Sacramento Bee .
" I understand what Yao said , but I 'm still ghetto , " Artest said , according to the report .
" That 's not going to change .
I 'm never going to change my culture .
Yao has played with a lot of black players , but I do n't think he 's ever played with a black player that really represents his culture as much as I represent my culture .
Once Yao Ming gets to know me , he 'll understand what I 'm about .
Add To Album
Add To Album Like ( 360 )
Photog 's Choice
Cross-Data Photographer Nathan Daws Airline UK - Air Force Version Handley Page HP - 80 Victor K2 Generic Type Handley Page HP - 80 Victor Basic Type Handley Page HP - 80 Victor Manufacturer Handley Page Reg. XM715 Location Bruntingthorpe Region England Country United Kingdom Date Photographed May 25 , 2008 Cancel Search
Correction
Distinct Views : 304,713
Photo Added : June 05 , 2008
Photo Copyright © Nathan Daws .
All rights reserved .
Airliners .net is not affiliated with any entity mentioned or pictured herein .
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners .
Our Bureau
New Delhi , June 12 The Communication and IT Minister , Mr A. Raja , on Thursday said that the Government will deploy technology that will enable the security agencies to snoop into data being transmitted through Blackberry devices if the Canadian company did not come up with a solution .
“ If they fail to come up with any satisfactory solution , we will invoke other options , like we have been approached by other companies with solution to decrypt the data passed over the BlackBerry network , ” Mr Raja said .
Research
In Motion has so far refused to give encryption codes to its network to the Government .
Security agencies had told the company that access to data being transmitted through Blackberry should be provided if it wanted to continue offering the service .
British society no longer trusts adults to interact with children .
Since 2002 , growing numbers of people have found themselves required to undergo a Criminal Records Bureau ( CRB ) check simply because their work or voluntary activities bring them into contact with children .
This includes football coaches , cricket umpires , Guiders and Scoutmasters , volunteers in churches , charities and community centres , parents who volunteer for school trips or after - school clubs , and members of parent - teacher associations - as well as a host of others whose work is not to do with children , but might just involve having contact with them , such as bus drivers , or plumbers who fix school radiators .
This month the BBC calculated that one in four adults will have to register with the new Independent Safeguarding Authority next year .
The ISA boasts that something like 11.3 million people will be affected by the new scheme for vetting adults .
In the report Licensed to Hug , published on 26 June , my co-author Jennie Bristow and I explore the implication of the steady expansion of criminal - record checks on intergenerational relations and community life .
What we found is that the system of vetting adults has taken on a bizarre life of its own .
Already the question " Have you been CRB - checked ? " has become part of everyday discussion at the school gates .
We have talked to parents who were told that they could not attend their children 's disco because they were not CRB - checked .
Suspicion of grown - up behaviour towards children has fostered a climate in which it has become normal for some parents to trust only adults who possess official clearance .
As one manager of a children 's football team stated , " I only allow CRB 'd parents to drive team members to training . "
The research for Licensed to Hug indicates that most of our respondents in the voluntary sector accepted that a system of national vetting was now a fact of life .
Many prefaced their statement with the word " unfortunately " .
Some were sceptical about its efficacy ; others felt that it was burdensome and confusing .
There were complaints about the enormous costs of maintaining the system and the amount of time it takes to process the paperwork .
A significant minority of volunteers have been put off from working with children .
One volunteer manager of an under - 13s cricket team told us of his frustration at losing his " inspiring " coach who simply got " fed up with the hassle and paperwork " .
Supporters of the new culture of vetting grown - ups argue that , whatever the critics say , the system protects children from adult predators .
However , our experience of vetting as a society raises a question mark over the idea that the system " works " , either in terms of protecting children from abuse , or in terms of increasing public confidence in those working or volunteering with children .
As the recent history of the Criminal Records Bureau has shown , the first consequence of more stringent vetting procedures has been a demand for even more stringent security procedures .
This indicates that the effect of CRB checks is less to increase trust in those organisations and institutions that insist upon vetting than it is to fuel mistrust in those that do not .
Experience indicates that the institutionalisation of the vetting of adults has unleashed a logic towards increasing the number of people who are deemed to be in need of formal clearance .
So , in February 2008 , the government announced trials of a new scheme that would enable parents to check with police whether a ' " named individual " - a family member , a neighbour who looks after children , a new sexual partner - has child sex convictions .
The Home Secretary , Jacqui Smith , stressed that the initiative would not be a " community - wide disclosure " , with information given out to anyone who asks .
The more this process goes on , however , the more arbitrary it becomes to say where vetting should stop and trust begin .
The alleged protective effects of a system of vetting are largely illusory .
Aside from the fallibility of record - keeping and technical systems , vetting takes into account only what somebody has done in the past .
The most sophisticated system in the world cannot anticipate how individuals with a clean record might behave .
Thus , the CRB provides little guidance about people 's behaviour in the future .
It provides the impression of security , but not the substance .
It is difficult to avoid the conclusion that the national vetting scheme represents an exercise in impression management rather than offering effective protection .
Vetting measures also fuel suspicion about adults .
In that sense , they are not just harmless rituals , but negatively influence the conduct of adult - child relationships .
Although proponents of the scheme contend that it is designed to prevent " worst - case scenarios " , the very institutionalisation of the scheme encourages worst - case - scenario assumptions to become the norm .
One consequence of this process is that adults feel increasingly nervous around children , unwilling and unable to exercise their authority and play a positive role in children 's lives .
Such intergenerational unease has not made children safer than in the past : if anything , it is creating the conditions for greater harm , as adults lose the nerve and will to look out for any child who is not their own .
Perversely , it inadvertently encourages grown - ups to avoid their responsibility for assuring the well - being of children in their community .
One of the principal consequences of the vetting of grown - ups is the legitimisation of the idea that it is not the responsibility of the older generation to take a direct interest in the lives of children .
The most regrettable outcome of the new child protection policies associated with vetting is the distancing of intergenerational relationships .
They foster a climate where adults feel uneasy about acting on their healthy intuition and feel forced to weigh up whether , and how , to interact with a child .
Such calculated behaviour alters the quality of that interaction .
It no longer represents an act founded on doing what a mentor feels is right - it is an act influenced by calculations about how it will be interpreted by others , and by anxieties that it should not be misinterpreted .
In sport , the difference between a coach automatically reaching out to correct a child 's position and a coach asking himself , " Is this all right ? " before doing so is that the former is a spontaneous action based on a desire to improve the child 's game , and the latter is a timid gesture , reflecting an uncertainty about authority that the child must surely sense .
In a community group , the difference between giving a distressed child a hug and asking that child , " Would you like a hug ? " is that the former is given as an unprompted expression of human compassion , and the latter is a transaction that requires a child 's formal consent .
Without doubt , children need to be protected from those who may prey upon them .
However , the policing and formalisation of intergenerational relations does little to help this .
The policy of attempting to prevent paedophiles from getting in contact with children through a mass system of vetting may well unintentionally make the situation more complicated .
One regrettable outcome of such policies is the estrangement of children from all adults - the very people who are likely to protect them from paedophiles and other dangers that they may face .
The adult qualities of spontaneous compassion and commitment are far more effective safeguarding methods than pieces of paper that promote the messages : " Keep out " and " Watch your back " .
Adults feel at a loss
During the course of our discussions with people working in the voluntary sector , it became evident that applying formal procedures to the conduct of human relations also threatens to deskill adults .
Many adults often feel at a loss about how they should relate to youngsters who are not their children .
When formal rules replace compassion and initiative , adults become discouraged from developing the kind of skills that help them relate to and interact and socialise with children .
This process of deskilling the exercise of adult authority may have the unfortunate consequence of diminishing the sense of responsibility that adults bear for the socialisation of the younger generation .
Individuals who talked to us about the " hassle of paperwork " also hinted that they were not sure that working with kids was " worth the effort " .
And if adults are not trusted to be near children , is it any surprise that at least some of them draw the conclusion that they are really not expected to take responsibility for the well - being of children in their community ?
Most policymakers , as well as thinking adults , do sense that there is something wrong with the conduct of intergenerational interaction .
Of course , the crisis of intergenerational trust is a complex cultural problem , to which there are no quick fixes .
It would be one - sided to argue that policy developments such as the national vetting and barring scheme have created this problem , and that removing them would solve things overnight .
However , our research suggests that the creation of a probationary licence for adults through the national vetting scheme exacerbates the breakdown of trust within communities , and throws assumptions about adult authority and responsibility into question in a way that militates against people stepping in to help children out when things go wrong .
What is needed is both enlightened policy , which puts greater trust in the ability of professionals and volunteers to act on their instincts and less pressure upon them to cover their backs ; and less policy : putting a halt to the juggernaut of regulation and behaviour codes that makes voluntary organisations increasingly difficult to run , and volunteers resentful and unsure of themselves .
As the government evaluates its national vetting scheme , we suggest that it pays at least as much attention to the consequences in terms of deterring " good " volunteers as it does to the scheme 's effectiveness in keeping " bad " volunteers out .
However , the single most important problem that needs to be addressed is how society can affirm and support the exercise of adult authority through acts of solidarity and collaboration .
The growing distancing of encounters between the different generations in our society can only be fixed through providing adults with greater opportunity to interact with children .
Adults need to be encouraged to exercise their responsibility towards the guiding and socialising of young people .
That means that we need to question and challenge cultural assumptions that automatically throw suspicion on adults and the exercise of adult authority .
Frank Furedi is professor of sociology at the University of Kent .
Jennie Bristow is a journalist and the mother of two pre-school girls
" Licensed to Hug " is published by Civitas ( £5 )
LA Cops May Have Killed the Wrong Guy A 911 call raises concern that LA cops may have gone to the wrong apartment .
July 25,2008 , 2008 -- INGLEWOOD , Calif . ( AP ) --
A transcript of a 911 call has cast doubt on whether Inglewood officers who killed a man at his front door responded to the home where a domestic dispute was reported .
Police released the transcript Thursday -- three days after Kevin Wicks allegedly opened the door of his end apartment with a gun after midnight and was shot by officers .
The 911 caller told the dispatcher an argument was happening in the middle apartment -- No. 10 -- but admitted " I can't really tell , " according to the transcript .
The dispatcher sent officers to the No. 10 apartment , where Wicks was shot .
He was alone .
Wicks ' family , friends and other Inglewood residents have questioned the official version of the shooting , with at least one family member saying officers went to the wrong apartment .
Lonnell Williams , who lives in an apartment directly across from Wicks ' home , told The Associated Press on Thursday night he did not hear any type of disturbance prior to the police arriving .
According to the transcript , a neighbor told the dispatcher a man and woman were arguing but did n't seem sure where .
" I believe it is apartment number 10 .
I can't really tell , " the caller told the dispatcher .
" But I think it 's the middle apartment . "
In another transcript released by police , the dispatcher told the officers to go to apartment 10 but did not mention anything about a middle apartment .
The officers approached Wicks ' door and reported back to the dispatcher , " Shots fired , shots fired .
...
We need a 11 - 41 , man down . "
A phone message left with the Police Department was not immediately returned early Friday morning .
Wicks , 38 , was a 19 - year veteran of the U.S. Postal Service whom friends and family called a kind , gentle man who never had a problem with police .
The officer who shot him , Brian Ragan , was placed on leave for the second time in 10 weeks .
He was still under investigation for a May 11 shooting in which he and his partner fired multiple rounds at a car , killing a 19 - year - old passenger .
That has spurred angry calls for an independent probe into the shooting and for the resignation of police Chief Jacqueline Seabrooks .
Thackeray , however , said that now is not the time to get complacent but to continue to chase the virus out .
Post By : Adhira Maharashtra cabinet minister Aaditya Thackeray on Tuesday shared “ good news ” on the Covid - 19 situation in Mumbai and said that the country ’s financial capital reported only 700 cases …
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
While the emergence of VoIP , or voice - over - Internet protocol , technology has already helped push down the cost of making a phone call , now it ’s starting to have a deflationary impact on the world of mobile , where call charges remain stubbornly high .
[ digg=http://digg.com/gadgets/7_Ways_to_VoIP_On_thenGo]
In the meantime , the ongoing adoption of 3G broadband and the inclusion of Wi-Fi in many high - end phones is drawing a growing amount of attention to mobile VoIP services .
Indeed , research firm Disruptive Analysis predicts that the number of VoIP - over - 3G users will top 250 million by the end of 2012 — from virtually zero in 2007 .
We at GigaOM are constantly tinkering with these mobile services , so we ’ve put together a list of seven mobile VoIP apps that we think you ’ll find handy .
Skype Options
Service : Skype Mobile
Platform / Network : Java - based application that works on 50 popular phones from Nokia , Sony Ericsson , Motorola and Samsung .
Can be used on numerous cellular data networks .
Cost : Free
Features : Chatting ( including with a group ) , presence settings ( offline , online , do not disturb ) , and Skype - to - Skype calls ( including SkypeIn ) .
Our Opinion :
If your phone is supported , Skype Mobile is a great way to add Skype chatting and calls to it .
Though it would be nice if the Skype application were n’t written in Java , as these applications are often sluggish and unstable .
Service : 3 Skypephone
Platform / Network : Uses a specialized handset .
Currently available in the UK , Italy , Austria , Hong Kong , Australia , Ireland , Denmark and Sweden .
Cost :
The phone costs £ 49.99 ( about $ 98 ) and can be used on a pre-paid basis .
Calls cost nothing if they ’re made from Skype .
Features : Free Skype - to - Skype mobile calls and the ability to conduct Skype IM conversations , all without touching your computer .
Our Opinion :
The 3 Skypephone is best suited for those who need a few monthly mobile minutes and wish to talk / IM to their Skype friends along the way .
The pre-paid feature makes it an attractive and inexpensive option for Skype chatters in the geographies it serves .
Service : iSkoot
Platform / Network : Mobile handsets such as BlackBerry , Nokia , Windows Mobile and Palm OS models .
Also works on GSM networks .
Cost : Modest to expensive , based on usage .
Because iSkoot is a hybrid VoIP / GSM service , it uses SMS and mobile minutes when making and receiving calls or Skype IM messages .
Features : SkypeIn and Skype - to - Skype calls , Skype IM messages .
Our Opinion : iSkoot is a good option for keeping in touch with your Skype contacts .
However , I would look at other software applications that just use data to send Skype SMS and Skype voice traffic .
Mobile VoIP Players
Service : Truphone
Platform / Network : Nokia handsets
Cost : Incoming free calls while on the Truphone network , low per-minute rates while on a GSM network .
Outgoing calls are billed at very low per minute rates .
Features : Truphone offers free calls , SMS and voice mail while logged into the Truphone network via Wi-Fi .
Otherwise , Truphone forwards calls to your mobile handset and you pay a low per-minute charge .
Our Opinion :
With its smart forwarding options , Truphone is particularly useful for international travelers .
Whether you ’re on Wi-Fi or just your normal GSM network , you can be reached via your Truphone number no matter where you are ( charges apply in certain cases , see their site for details ) .
For times when Wi-Fi is not available , Truphone just released Truphone Anywhere , which utilizes local gateways for outgoing calls at low per-minute charges .
I have trialed the service by forwarding calls from my Truphone number to my cell phone and the call quality was fantastic ; voices were indistinguishable from any other cell phone call .
A Truphone - to - Truphone VoIP call yielded even higher voice quality .
Service : Fring
Platform / Network : Nokia / Symbian handsets , Widows Mobile , iPhone ( pre-release beta )
Cost : Free
Features :
Allows you to make VoIP calls on any SIP network , Skype or to other Fring users .
Additionally , Fring is a multi-protocol IM client that will allow you to chat with your buddies on Skype , MSN , ICQ , Google Talk , Twitter , AIM and Yahoo .
Our Opinion : I have used Fring to make SIP and Skype voice calls , and over EDGE the call is choppy and hard to understand .
However , Wi-Fi provides enough bandwidth to make Fring calls clear and understandable .
I would n’t say the quality is fantastic , but it is very comparable to a normal cell phone call .
Service : Talkonaut
Platform / Network : Available for Java - based phones , Symbian and Windows Mobile
Cost : Free
Features : Talkonaut offers free VoIP and IM chatting .
For instant messaging , the application supports Google Talk , ICQ , AIM , and Yahoo .
Talkonaut can also use SIP for VoIP calling .
Our Opinion : Talkonaut is a Russian offering and is still very new .
The application was quite unstable on my Nokia N82 handset .
With iffy performance and a very rusty user interface , I would recommend looking at other applications for this functionality , namely Fring .
Service : Nimbuzz
Platform / Network : Java program , Symbian ; an iPhone version is coming soon .
Cost : Free
Features :
Allows you to engage in IM conversations and conduct VoIP calls , as well as to share media such as photos and video .
Nimbuzz also allows for client - to - client calls and has widgets enabling calls to originate from Facebok and MySpace .
Compatible with Skype , Google Talk , AOL Instant Messenger , Windows Live Messenger , Yahoo , MySpace , Facebook and Jabber IM networks .
Our Opinion : The Symbian application is very responsive and easy to use .
A VoIP call originating from my Facebook page to Nimbuzz over a Wi -Fi connection sounded good — just as good as any call over a GSM network .
Service : Gizmo5 ( formerly Gizmo Project )
Platform / Network : Nokia Symbian handsets , BlackBerry , Windows Mobile , Nokia Tablets
Cost : Free for VoIP calls , low per-minute charge to call landlines and to SMS to mobiles .
Features : Gizmo5 allows you to conduct voice calls to other Gizmo5 users and grants IM conversations with friends on Gizmo5 , MSN , AIM , Yahoo and Jabber .
Our Opinion : Gizmo5 is a great competitor to Skype , just not as established or well - known .
They have wisely developed their client software for many platforms including numerous mobile phones , and on both Mac and PC .
VoIP call quality is stellar when calling between clients , as well as to landline / mobile phones .
leonardo
View : Recent Entries .
View : Archive .
View : Friends .
View : Profile .
View : Website ( My Website ) .
July 14th , 2008 Tags : c language , d language , programming , psyco , python Security : Subject : Ant System Optimization for TSP Time : 10:49 pm
http://eric_rollins.home.mindspring.com/pythonAnt.html
http://proliferationofniches.blogspot.com/2008/07/ant-colony-optimization-for-tsp-in.html
The Python code shown there is n't much pythonic , so I have improved that code , later I have created a faster Psyco version , I have translated to code to the D and I have created a faster D version that has allowed me to improve the fast Psyco version too .
Then I have slowly converted the fast D version to more and more C - looking code , and I have converted it to C , to see the performance differences across the various versions , with interesting results .
Here you can find all the Python / D/C code of this problem :
http://www.fantascienza.net/leonardo/js/ant_tsp.zip
The zip file contains :
- ant1.py : first Python version , it 's essentially a more pythonic version of the original .
- ant2.py : second Python version , with few small changes , optimized for speed .
- ant_1d.d : first D version , the closer to the first Python version .
- ant_2d.d : second D version , optimized for speed .
Not many optimizations .
Quite similar to the second Python version .
- ant_3d.d : third D version , the closer to C style , that I have used to create the C version ( I have slowly converted the 2d version to C ) .
- ant_c.c : C version , the faster one .
- ant_orig.py : the original Python code by Eric Rollins , as reference .
- notes.txt : a document with the comments you are reading .
The exe files are compiled for Windows .
This article of mine helps to program in a more pythonic style :
http://www.fantascienza.net/leonardo/ar/python_best_practices.html
To compile the D code I have used the DMD compiler ( or you can use the GDC compiler on Linux ) :
http://www.digitalmars.com/d/download.html
I have used one of the lasts DMD ( V.1.029 ) but not the last one because this produces smaller executables ) .
My D code uses my d libs too , that allow a style of programming quite similar to Python :
http://www.fantascienza.net/leonardo/so/libs_d.zip
I have compiled the D code with :
- O -release - inline
To run Python I have used Python V.2.5.1 , plus Psyco V.1.5.2 .
To compile the C code I have used MinGW version 4.2.1 - dw2 , release 3.9 , 5/19/2008 , found here :
http://nuwen.net/mingw.html
To compile the C version I have used profile - guided optimization :
gcc - Wall - O3 -s - fprofile - generate ant_c.c -o ant_c
followed by a run , followed by :
gcc - Wall - O3 -s - fprofile - use ant_c.c -o ant_c
All tests are performed on a Dual Core , 2 GHz , with 1 MB L2 cache , 2 GB RAM , with 32 - bit Win ( but the CPU is 64 bit ) .
The C and D versions are compiled to 32 bit code .
I have not tried yet to port the D code to multithreading to test how it performs on the 2 - core CPU ( I think the purpose of this whole translation exercise by Eric Rollins was to test parallel code , so my versions miss all this point ) .
All the optimizations I have performed are small - scale , I have not changed the algorithm at all from the original Python version .
Note that all this Python code of mine is strictly optimized for Psyco , I have n't tried to optimize it for pure Python .
I have used the same parameters : seed = 1 boost = 5 iter = 1000 numCities = 200 maxDistance = 100 cityDistanceSeed = 1 Timings , best of 3 : Python orig : 6.59 s Python V.1 : 6.13 s Python V.2 : 3.65 s D V.1 : 2.68 s D V.2 : 0.63 s D V.3 : 0.67 s C : 0.46 s Timings , best of 3 , iter = 4000 , numCities = 800 : D V.2 : 44.6 s C : 36.6 s Lines of code : Psyco original : 91 Psyco v.1 : 77 Psyco v.2 : 85 D v.1 : 91 D v.2 : 97 D v.3 : 152 C : 154 File / executable sizes : 4.166 ant1.py 4.375 ant2.py 155.164 ant_1d.exe 153.116 ant_2d.exe 92.188 ant_3d.exe 8.733 ant_c.exe 4.841 ant_orig.py
It seems the second D version is about 2.3 - 2.4 times faster than the ML version , the C version is faster still .
The first D version looks a lot like Python , thanks to the D language itself and my libs , it contains lines like :
foreach ( city ; xrange ( len( cities ) ) )
while in the second D version I have used a normal for ( ) , that 's a bit faster :
for ( int city ; city < cities.
length ; city ++)
In D version 2.x you can do the following , that 's as fast as a traditional for :
foreach ( city ; 0 .. cities.length )
The first D version is a translation of the Python code , it uses some constructs like xmap ( ) , etc that are a bit slower than low - level C - like code , but they allow to shorten code , to program faster , and to put less bugs in the code .
To speed up the code , and produce the second D version I have n't translated the whole D code to C - style code , but I have profiled the code ( with - profile ) and I have changed only few things in critical spots , speeding up the whole program a lot , and keeping most of high - level style code .
This a compromise that I like ( part of the speedup comes from using a boolean array to represent the set , I have copied this from the ML version ) .
I have seen some interesting things :
It 's quite useful to translate programs from different languages , for example once I have created the optimized D version I can see that most or all the optimizations good for D are good for Psyco too .
And finding those optimizations when I program in Python seem difficult still for my brain .
The original Python program has some problems , performance problems too , but spotting them is n't easy , even using a profiler .
The original Python version ( maybe coming from the ML version ) has a type signature inside a comment over every function , like :
# Matrix * Path -> double
def pathLength ( cities , path ) : ...
This kind of annotation is never done in the Python world , but I have seen that such annotations are useful to translate the code to a statically typed language like D. ShedSkin is a Python to C++ compiler that as side effect spits out a Python code with similar annotations that can be useful .
It 's very easy to translate this original Python code to the Python - looking D code , the resulting D code ( the first D version ) is as long as the Python code , and I have used only 10 - 15 minutes to perform such translation of about 90 lines of code and refine it .
This is quite positive , and the ( first ) D version is twice faster than the Psyco code .
During such translation the only part of the Python code that has required me a bit of time is the following ( note that the Python code is optimized for Psyco , so inside the sum ( ) there is n't a lazy generator , that 's slower with Psyco ) :
def wrappedPath ( path ) : return path [ 1 : ] + [ path [ 0 ] ] def pathLength ( cities , path ) : return sum ( [ cities [ r ] [ c ] for r , c in zip ( path , wrappedPath ( path ) ) ] ) def updatePher ( pher , path , boost ) : for r , c in zip ( path , wrappedPath ( path ) ) : pher[r ] [ c ] += boost
That I have translated in two different ways until I have translated it to this D code :
double pathLength ( Matrix cities , Path path ) { return sum ( xmap ( ( int r , int c ) { return cities [ r ] [ c ] ;} , path , leftRotate ( path ) ) ) ; } void updatePher ( Matrix pher , Path path , int boost ) { foreach ( r , c ; xzip ( path , leftRotate ( path ) ) ) pher[r ] [ c ] += boost ; } xmap an xzip are lazy , like imap and izip of Python , they use less memory , so they sometimes are faster too .
The original Python version of this part was :
def wrappedPath ( path ) : return path [ 1 : ] + [ path [ 0 ] ] def zip ( list1 , list2 ) : res = [ ] for i in range ( len ( list1 ) ) : res.append ( ( list1 [i ] , list 2 [ i ] ) ) return res # Matrix * Path -> double def pathLength ( cities , path ) : pairs = zip ( path , wrappedPath ( path ) ) return sum ( [ cities [ r ] [ c ] for ( r , c ) in pairs ] ) # Matrix * Path * int -> unit def updatePher ( pher , path , boost ) : pairs = zip ( path , wrappedPath ( path ) ) for ( r , c ) in pairs : pher[ r ] [ c ] = pher[r ] [ c ] + boost
So thanks to the functional libs translating the Python code to D is easy and fast .
Then with the built - in DMD profiler I have profiled the first D version , and in about 15 - 20 minutes I have created the second D version that is much faster ( later , when I have slowly translated the D version to C I have improved the second D version a bit more ) .
The translation to C ( done on the D version , testing if the result was correct each small change , and testing the performance too at the same time , the result is the third D version , that looks like C , and shows that you can program in D almost as C ) was much slower and more painful for me , it has required me about 200 + minutes .
I have had to remove all the functional stuff , plus many other nice things present in D .
At the end ( probably mostly thanks to the GCC compiler , whose optimization capabilities sometimes look awesome ) the C version is faster than the second D version , but I think for this specific program doing the translation to C is n't worth the efforts required to me .
Even if the D language looks like C , it 's much more handily , if you take a look at my translation timings , you can see that while translating that Python code to D was a breeze , translating it to C was much slower and painful .
Just the D garbage collector changes the situation a lot .
The D code is often slower than the C one , but for many situations it 's not more than 2 times slower than C , and the coding speed can be much higher , much safer and quite more fun .
Here I have collected some simple situations where the D code is too much slow :
http://www.fantascienza.net/leonardo/js/slow_d.zip
In C the code of those two small functions is ( I have managed the matrices as a single 1 - D array , managing the lines manually , but a more standard way can be used ) :
double pathLength ( double * cities , int cities_side , int* path , int path_len ) { double tot = 0.0 ; int i ; for ( i = 0 ; i < path_len - 1 ; i++) tot += cities [ path [ i ] * cities_side + path [ i+1 ] ] ; tot += cities [ path [ path_len - 1 ] * cities_side + path [ 0 ] ] ; return tot ; } void updatePher ( double * pher , int pher_side , int* path , int path_len , int boost ) { int i ; for ( i = 0 ; i < path_len - 1 ; i++) pher [ path [ i ] * pher_side + path [ i+1 ] ] += boost ; pher[ path [ path_len - 1 ] * pher_side + path [ 0 ] ] += boost ; }
If you like computer languages there are two other languages to test :
- The Genie language , that I think it looks very interesting :
http://live.gnome.org/Genie
Here you can download the Vala compiler that 's able to compile Genie code too ( I have never used Genie so far ) :
http://freshmeat.net/projects/vala/?branch_id=65428&release_id=278956
- ShedSkin , able to compile a subset of Python to C++ , so probably the Python code can be used with small changes ( expecially my second version ) :
http://code.google.com/p/shedskin/
Recently Eric
Rollins in a series of blog posts has shown various implementations of an Ant - system algorithm to solve the TSP ( Travelling salesman problem ) , this is the page of the Python + Psyco version :
The Python code shown there is n't much pythonic , so I have improved that code , later I have created a faster Psyco version , I have translated to code to the D and I have created a faster D version that has allowed me to improve the fast Psyco version too .
Then I have slowly converted the fast D version to more and more C - looking code , and I have converted it to C , to see the performance differences across the various versions , with interesting results .
Here you can find all the Python / D/C code of this problem :
The zip file contains :- ant1.py : first Python version , it 's essentially a more pythonic version of the original .- ant2.py : second Python version , with few small changes , optimized for speed .- ant_1d.d : first D version , the closer to the first Python version .- ant_2d.d : second D version , optimized for speed .
Not many optimizations .
Quite similar to the second Python version .- ant_3d.d : third D version , the closer to C style , that I have used to create the C version ( I have slowly converted the 2d version to C ) .- ant_c.c : C version , the faster one .- ant_orig.py : the original Python code by Eric Rollins , as reference .- notes.txt : a document with the comments you are reading .
The exe files are compiled for Windows .
This article of mine helps to program in a more pythonic style :
To compile the D code I have used the DMD compiler ( or you can use the GDC compiler on Linux ) : I have used one of the lasts DMD ( V.1.029 ) but not the last one because this produces smaller executables ) .
My D code uses my d libs too , that allow a style of programming quite similar to Python : I have compiled the D code with : - O -release - inlineTo run Python I have used Python V.2.5.1 , plus Psyco V.1.5.2.
To compile the C code I have used MinGW version 4.2.1 - dw2 , release 3.9 , 5/19/2008 , found here :
To compile the C version I have used profile - guided optimization : gcc - Wall - O3 -s - fprofile - generate ant_c.c -o ant_cfollowed by a run , followed by : gcc - Wall - O3 -s - fprofile - use ant_c.c -o ant_cAll tests are performed on a Dual Core , 2 GHz , with 1 MB L2 cache , 2 GB RAM , with 32 - bit Win ( but the CPU is 64 bit ) .
The C and D versions are compiled to 32 bit code .
I have not tried yet to port the D code to multithreading to test how it performs on the 2 - core CPU ( I think the purpose of this whole translation exercise by Eric Rollins was to test parallel code , so my versions miss all this point ) .
All the optimizations I have performed are small - scale , I have not changed the algorithm at all from the original Python version .
Note that all this Python code of mine is strictly optimized for Psyco , I have n't tried to optimize it for pure Python .
It seems the second D version is about 2.3 - 2.4 times faster than the ML version , the C version is faster still .
The first D version looks a lot like Python , thanks to the D language itself and my libs , it contains lines like : foreach ( city ; xrange ( len ( cities ) ) ) while in the second D version I have used a normal for ( ) , that 's a bit faster : for ( int city ; city < cities .
length ; city ++)
In D version 2.x you can do the following , that 's as fast as a traditional for : foreach ( city ; 0 .. cities.length )
The first D version is a translation of the Python code , it uses some constructs like xmap ( ) , etc that are a bit slower than low - level C - like code , but they allow to shorten code , to program faster , and to put less bugs in the code .
To speed up the code , and produce the second D version I have n't translated the whole D code to C - style code , but I have profiled the code ( with - profile ) and I have changed only few things in critical spots , speeding up the whole program a lot , and keeping most of high - level style code .
This a compromise that I like ( part of the speedup comes from using a boolean array to represent the set , I have copied this from the ML version ) .
I have seen some interesting things :
It 's quite useful to translate programs from different languages , for example once I have created the optimized D version I can see that most or all the optimizations good for D are good for Psyco too .
And finding those optimizations when I program in Python seem difficult still for my brain .
The original Python program has some problems , performance problems too , but spotting them is n't easy , even using a profiler .
The original Python version ( maybe coming from the ML version ) has a type signature inside a comment over every function , like : # Matrix * Path -> doubledef pathLength ( cities , path ) : ... This kind of annotation is never done in the Python world , but I have seen that such annotations are useful to translate the code to a statically typed language like D. ShedSkin is a Python to C++ compiler that as side effect spits out a Python code with similar annotations that can be useful .
It 's very easy to translate this original Python code to the Python - looking D code , the resulting D code ( the first D version ) is as long as the Python code , and I have used only 10 - 15 minutes to perform such translation of about 90 lines of code and refine it .
This is quite positive , and the ( first ) D version is twice faster than the Psyco code .
During such translation the only part of the Python code that has required me a bit of time is the following ( note that the Python code is optimized for Psyco , so inside the sum ( ) there is n't a lazy generator , that 's slower with Psyco ) : That I have translated in two different ways until I have translated it to this D code : xmap an xzip are lazy , like imap and izip of Python , they use less memory , so they sometimes are faster too .
The original Python version of this part was :
So thanks to the functional libs translating the Python code to D is easy and fast .
Then with the built - in DMD profiler I have profiled the first D version , and in about 15 - 20 minutes I have created the second D version that is much faster ( later , when I have slowly translated the D version to C I have improved the second D version a bit more ) .
The translation to C ( done on the D version , testing if the result was correct each small change , and testing the performance too at the same time , the result is the third D version , that looks like C , and shows that you can program in D almost as C ) was much slower and more painful for me , it has required me about 200 + minutes .
I have had to remove all the functional stuff , plus many other nice things present in D .
At the end ( probably mostly thanks to the GCC compiler , whose optimization capabilities sometimes look awesome ) the C version is faster than the second D version , but I think for this specific program doing the translation to C is n't worth the efforts required to me .
Even if the D language looks like C , it 's much more handily , if you take a look at my translation timings , you can see that while translating that Python code to D was a breeze , translating it to C was much slower and painful .
Just the D garbage collector changes the situation a lot .
The D code is often slower than the C one , but for many situations it 's not more than 2 times slower than C , and the coding speed can be much higher , much safer and quite more fun .
Here I have collected some simple situations where the D code is too much slow :
In C the code of those two small functions is ( I have managed the matrices as a single 1 - D array , managing the lines manually , but a more standard way can be used ) :
If you like computer languages there are two other languages to test : - The Genie language , that I think it looks very interesting :
Here you can download the Vala compiler that 's able to compile Genie code too ( I have never used Genie so far ) :- ShedSkin , able to compile a subset of Python to C++ , so probably the Python code can be used with small changes ( expecially my second version ) : comments : Leave a comment
leonardo
View : Recent Entries .
View : Archive .
View : Friends .
View : Profile .
View : Website ( My Website ) .
Joost de Valk Joost de Valk is the founder and Chief Product Officer of Yoast .
He 's a digital marketer , developer and an Open Source fanatic .
A tutorial to higher rankings for WordPress sites
This is the original WordPress SEO article since 2008 , fully updated for 2020 !
WordPress is one of the best content management systems when it comes to SEO .
But even though it gets a lot right “ out of the box ” , there ’s much more that you can do to improve your performance .
New to WordPress ?
Our FREE WordPress for beginners training is here to help .
Find out how to set up your own site , learn the ins and outs of creating and maintaining it , and more .
This training is part of our free training subscription , take a look at all our online SEO training subscriptions !
Optimizing your site using the tactics and best practices outlined in this article will help you improve your rankings , gain more subscribers or sales , and have a better website in general .
Because you should ingrain proper SEO in all aspects of your online marketing and PR , this guide covers quite a lot of ground !
It ’s a long read , so feel free to use the table of contents below to jump around .
Before we start …
This article assumes that you ’re using our Yoast SEO plugin , which adds significantly more features and SEO tools to WordPress .
If you ’re not already using it , you can set it up right away with our beginner ’s guide to Yoast SEO .
If you ’re using another SEO plugin , most of the principles will still apply .
Of course , we ’d prefer you to switch over and make use of our potent WordPress SEO plugin .
Which is why we ’ve written a migration guide for you .
It ’s a straightforward process !
Table of Contents
1 . Get your basic WordPress SEO right
Want to learn how to build your own WordPress site ?
We have an epic article on that — including hours of video .
Find out how to make a WordPress website .
Out of the box , WordPress is a pretty well - optimized content management system .
A basic setup can provide a strong foundation — even without extensive customization , theme optimization , and plugins .
That said , there are a few things you should do to increase your chances of ranking , refine your workflow , and make sure your website is perfectly optimized .
By putting the right basic settings in place , and applying a few simple techniques , you can ensure that you have a strong foundation to build upon !
1.1 . Check your health
Before you make any changes to your site , it is a good idea to see where you are now .
There ’s a lot to gain from getting it right : running your website on a server with updated software at a web host that offers excellent performance .
So ask yourself : on what hardware and software are your sites running ?
What is your hosting plan ?
Are you using a budget shared hosting provider , or have you invested in a dedicated hosting plan at a well - known web host that fine - tuned its servers for use with WordPress ?
To find out what ’s going on behind the scenes of your site , you can visit the Site Health section in WordPress .
Also , you could choose to install the Health Check plugin .
This plugin gives you loads of technical insights and helps you get information that outside parties can use to help you improve your site .
Eventually , all features of the Health Check plugin will move to WordPress core .
Site Health gives you an overview of how your site is doing
1.1.1 Check you ’re using suitable hosting
According to WordPress ’s technical requirements page , the recommended hosting plan to run WordPress should include a modern version of PHP , MySQL or MariaDB , and HTTPS support .
It is possible to work with older server software , but that is not recommended .
If you check your Site Health , you can see the technical details of your installation .
In addition , if you open the dashboard of your hosting provider , you should be able to see what type of plan you are on .
Remember , paying for good WordPress hosting pays dividends .
1.1.2 . Upgrade to PHP 7.0 or higher
Many WordPress sites still run on outdated versions of PHP .
One look at the WordPress stats reveals that around 25 % of the sites still run on a PHP version in the 5 series , while PHP 7.0 and up have been available for years .
Backward compatibility is cool and all , but it ’s holding back WordPress as a technology and site owners from getting the most out of their sites .
These old versions of PHP do n’t receive any more security fixes and are thus increasingly vulnerable to attacks .
Luckily , the WordPress team has dropped support for anything older than PHP 5.6 .
Today , the project recommends running WordPress on at least PHP 7.3 .
So , one of the most important things you can do to improve the performance and security of your site is upgrading your hosting environment to a modern version of PHP .
There are a lot of benefits to this :
PHP 7 offers an incredible speed boost .
It runs a lot more efficiently , meaning less stress on your server .
Bring loads of modern development features .
It ’s a much safer and more secure environment .
It ’s future proof .
Now , this is something we all want , right ?
If you ’ve checked your current hosting set - up in the previous section , you have an idea of what your site runs on now .
If this shows outdated server software like PHP 5.5 , it is a good idea to update this , if possible .
However , take special care before doing so .
Ask for help if you ’re not sure what you are doing .
Here are some steps to take :
( Always ! )
Backup your website .
Make a local staging environment based on a modern version of PHP .
Install the backup of your site on that server .
Test thoroughly to see if everything works properly .
Upgrade your live site — most of the times , your hosting provider can do this for you .
We have a post that shows you how to set up a test environment for your WordPress site .
WordPress.org has a post on the advantages of updating your PHP version and what to take into consideration when doing that .
1.1.3 .
Make sure you ’re using SSL and HTTPS
Historically , adopting SSL ( getting an HTTPS URL , and a green padlock icon in the browser URL bar ) was an optional tactic .
Many sites , arguably , did n’t need the extra level of security that SSL provides .
Now , however , having a valid SSL certificate installed is mandatory — search engines may ‘ penalize ’ sites without valid SSL certificates and setups ( and / or show warnings next to their search results ) .
It ’s also generally good practice for all websites to use SSL to prevent hackers and third parties from intercepting requests and data .
Additionally , many modern site speed and performance techniques require a valid SSL / HTTPS setup .
To take advantage of new , faster web technologies like HTTP / 2 , browsers like Google Chrome and Firefox require the website to have a valid SSL certificate .
If you want to move to SSL and ensure that your site is served correctly over HTTPS , we have a handy guide with tips & tricks for moving to HTTPS .
1.2 . Check your site settings
It ’s worth spending some time clicking through all of the sections in the WordPress Settings menu , as many of the options there can impact the SEO of your WordPress site .
In particular , it ’s worth double - checking your visibility settings in Settings → Reading , to make sure that you ’re not accidentally preventing search engines from indexing your website .
That ’d definitely hurt your visibility !
You should also make sure that your Writing and Reading settings are all set correctly , these control your default categories , and what should be displayed on your homepage .
Do n’t forget to give your site a strong tagline in Settings → General , too !
1.3 . Pick the right permalink structure
Your permalink settings define what format your page and post URLs will take , which can have a big impact on SEO .
So if you ’re creating a new site , one of the first things you should do is change your permalink settings , which you can find in Settings → Permalinks .
If you do n’t change your settings from the default , all of your pages and posts will have URLs which look like example.com /?p=123 .
Whilst this is perfectly okay , it ’s not particularly nice , and it might impact how users and search engines perceive the quality and relevance of your pages .
Changing the permalink structure alters the components , ordering , and structure of your website ’s URLs .
It ’s important to select the right structure when initially setting up your website , as changing it later can cause SEO issues .
We usually recommend that people use a structure which creates URLs which look like example .com / post - name / , or example.com / category / post-name/ , depending on how much importance they anticipate placing on the categorization of their content .
For most WordPress sites , choosing either of these options will be perfectly suitable .
For the first option , you can just change the permalink setting to /%postname % / , like so :
Changing the permalink settings to ‘ Post name ’ , in Settings → Permalinks
To include the category , you can select “ Custom Structure ” and change the value to /%category % / %postname % / .
If you previously had ? p=< postid > as your permalink , WordPress will take care of all the redirects for you .
This is also true if you change from /%postname % / to /%category % /%postname % / .
If you have an established site and change from any other permalink structure , you might want to consult our article on changing your WordPress permalink structure and the tool that you ’ll find within it .
1.3.1 . Choose WWW or non-WWW
You need to think about what you want your site to show up as www.example.com , or simply example.com .
Make sure that in your general settings , in Settings → General , the version you want to show up is properly reflected :
Setting the site URL to include or omit ‘ www ’
From an SEO perspective , there ’s little difference either way .
Additionally , most hosting and server setups will automatically redirect requests for the ‘ wrong ’ version , to the version you ’ve selected .
That makes this primarily a branding consideration — which approach feels best for your site ?
From a technical perspective , there ’s not a huge amount of difference , either .
Some setups might have some minor headaches if they omit the ‘ www ’ component , but these are increasingly rare .
2. Optimize your content
Your site should provide the best content on your chosen subject — period .
People are looking for engaging , authoritative articles and trustworthy answers to their questions .
Writing high - quality content for your WordPress site begins with your unique ideas or distinctive take on a particular topic .
But it also means presenting these ideas in a well - structured and accessible manner .
Together , this will help you attract the audience you ’re looking for and keep them engaged .
2.1 . Research what your users want and need
Curious about the WordPress block editor ?
Still have n’t tried the new block editor ?
Tried , but found it confusing ?
We ’re here to help : our free WordPress block editor course explains everything you need to know !
Before writing your content , you should think about what search terms you want to be found for .
You should optimize every page or post for a specific keyphrase .
But how can you determine what keyphrase you want to be found for ?
To find out , you need to do keyword research .
In this process , you should ask yourself questions such as : what terms do I want to rank for ?
How realistic is that I can rank for these terms ?
Imagine you have a baking blog and you ’re passionate about sharing your favorite recipes and baking techniques .
Optimizing a post for a term such as [ best cake recipe ] is n’t such a realistic goal , because it ’s a very general term .
There ’s a lot of competition for such general terms .
Instead , you should think about finding your own niche .
This niche could be [ healthy , low - sugar cake recipes ] or [ French patisserie you can make at home ] .
Within a niche , you can become an expert .
Your expertise enables you to create content that goes beyond that of your competitors .
You can go deeper than others , or shed light on different angles of the same topic .
For this , you ’ll want to focus on long - tail keyphrases .
A long - tail keyphrase might be [ how to make a low - calorie vegan blueberry cheesecake ] .
A keyphrase like this is more specific , and therefore easier to rank for .
Also , it ’ll be more suitable for your specific niche topic .
It ’s also essential to think about what your audience wants to achieve by searching for a specific term .
This is called search intent .
For example , they could be looking for the answer to a particular question , and you can provide the necessary information .
Or they might want to buy a specific product that you can offer them .
Think about the needs of your visitors and address them by creating content accordingly .
Need a hand doing keyword research properly ?
Our Keyword research training can help .
This course is part of our Yoast SEO academy training subscription .
2.2 . Write great content for your users
After you ’ve done your keyword research and you know the topics you want to write about , you need to get to the actual writing .
Most of the time that ’s easier said than done .
To get from an idea to a great piece of content , most likely you ’ll have to follow a cycle of drafting , writing , editing , and rewriting .
Your first draft can just be an outline of your structure .
You do n’t have to write out everything in perfect prose at this point , but make sure that you follow a logical structure .
For most pieces , that will include an introduction , your main points of argument , and a conclusion .
Of course , this will vary per genre – a recipe will have a completely different structure .
You can flesh out the points further in the writing phase , where you try to come up with a first complete version of your text .
Finally , in the editing phase , you should check whether your piece is engaging and easy to read .
You might be an expert on your topic , but your audience probably is n’t ( yet ) .
So try to make your writing as accessible as possible .
When in doubt , it ’s always best to ask a friend or colleague for some feedback .
Another helpful trick is to read your text out loud to yourself .
You can even let your computer speak it .
It will give you a better idea of whether everything flows nicely .
2.3 . Optimize your individual posts & pages
When writing or editing your post , there are a number of elements you need to pay special attention to in order to make it SEO - friendly .
These elements include your subheadings , your title , and your meta description .
All of these need to reflect the topic of the specific post .
Do n’t forget , SEO - friendly does n’t just mean that it ’s easy for a search engine to grasp the topic of a page .
More importantly , it means that your visitors can get the gist of your page at a single glance .
Your meta description and your title might be a deciding factor for whether visitors click on your page in the search results in the first place .
And once they ’ve visited your site , elements like subheadings can be critical for visitors to decide whether they want to stay on your site .
2.3.1 . Set your focus keyphrase(s )
One important rule is not to use a focus keyphrase on more than one page .
Otherwise , you might end up cannibalizing yourself .
Most of the time , you do n’t want to rank for multiple pages on the same keyphrase , because it means that you ’re setting yourself up as your own competition .
It ’s also important to include the focus keyphrase in crucial elements of your post , such as the title , the introduction , your subheadings , and your meta description .
All of these elements are signals for what your post is about .
Since your focus keyphrase is , in fact , the main topic of your page , it ’s a logical consequence that you should make sure this topic is reflected in all of these elements .
The same logic holds for your text overall : you need to make sure that you do n’t stray off - topic ; if you stay on - topic , it should follow naturally that you use your keyphrase multiple times throughout your text .
But avoid stuffing your writing with your keyphrase just for the sake of it .
If you find it hard to include your keyphrase in your text a sufficient number of times , it might be a sign that you should take a different approach to the topic .
To avoid repetition , you can use synonyms .
Synonyms are words that mean the same or more or less the same as your keyphrase .
An example of this is the words film and movie .
Search engines will recognize that they have the same meaning , which you can also check by having a look at the search results : if you search for movie , film will also be highlighted in the results , and vice versa .
You can also make use of related keyphrases to optimize a single page for similar , related terms .
You can use these to give context to your keyphrase .
For example , if your keyphrase is [ pumpkin soup ] your related keyphrase might be [ winter weeknight dinners ] .
This second , broader term gives additional information about your topic .
It can also create coherence by establishing a link to similar pages on your post .
The Yoast SEO Premium analysis makes it easier to optimize your post thanks to word forms , synonyms , and related keyphrases .
2.3.2 . Optimize your permalink
In most cases , your post ’s URL should probably contain your focus keyphrase , so that it ’s obvious what your page is about from the link .
That said , you should always try and keep your permalinks short , descriptive , and clean — do n’t put unnecessary words in for the sake of it !
Before you publish new posts or pages , you may also wish to consider removing ‘ function words ‘ from your permalink .
These are words like “ a ” , “ and ” , and “ the ” .
When done carefully , this may make your permalinks more readable , and easier to use or link to .
Posts with especially long titles may benefit from this approach .
For posts that you ’ve have already published , we ’d recommend being careful when changing permalinks .
If people have already linked to your pages , changing the URLs may make a mess .
Even though WordPress will sometimes redirect users to the new location ( the redirect manager in Yoast SEO Premium handles this automatically , and more reliably ) , changing URLs can impact performance .
2.3.3 . Optimize your page title
Each page ’s title — the contents of the HTML < title > tag — can be one of the most important factors for ranking well in search results .
Not only is it the literal title of the tab or browser window , but it ’s also the first line people see in the search results .
It describes what your page is , or is about , and acts as an advert which encourages users to click .
On many websites , the default structure for posts and pages is n’t necessarily the most optimal approach for SEO .
A title like “ My blog » Cooking » Carbonara recipe ” is n’t as compelling or effective as “ My 20 - minute delicious carbonara recipe | My Blog ” .
You must think about the structure of your titles , as well as the content of the title on each page .
Typically , it ’s worth considering that :
Search engines may put more weight on the early words — so trying to get your keywords near the start of the title might make you more likely to rank well .
People scanning result pages see the early words first .
If your keywords are at the start of your listing your page is more likely to get clicked on .
The Google Preview in Yoast SEO gives you an idea of how your post will look in search engines .
Use it to make your content stand out !
For more info on how to create enticing titles for your posts , read our article on crafting good titles for SEO .
Did you know ?
You can use Yoast SEO to structure your titles !
You can control the default structure of your page titles and descriptions in your Yoast SEO plugin .
There are two parts of the plugin that control these .
First of all , as soon as you install and activate the plugin , you get an ‘ SEO ’ section in your WordPress admin .
Navigate to SEO → Search Appearance and you ’ll see a bunch of tabs for different types of pages on your site .
For each post type and taxonomy , you can set a so - called Title Template — as well as meta description templates .
For posts on our site this looks like this :
Here are yoast.com ’s settings for the individual Post URLs
This allows you to use components and variables to control how your page titles should behave by default .
Of course , these can be overridden on a page - by - page basis .
For example , in the image above , you can see how we ’re automatically grabbing elements like the title of the page , to stop us from having to manually write titles from scratch for every page .
There are all sorts of variables you can use in the titles and meta description , and they ’re all listed and explained in the help tab on the page .
For advanced users , there are some additional cool features .
For instance , you can use cf_<custom field name > to drop in any custom field — either from a post meta value or a user meta value .
NOTE : When you use these templates , be sure to check that your title tags behave as expected when viewed on the site .
If they do n’t , you may have a problem with the way your theme is built , and you might need to check the “ Force rewrite ” checkbox in our options .
You can also follow these instructions to modify your templates .
2.3.4 .
Use headings correctly
Headings are great for structuring your content and helping readers process information in bite - sized chunks .
They can also help describe a page ’s layout and focus to search engines .
WordPress transforms the headings you put in your content into their respective HTML tags ( < h1 > , < h2 > , < h3 > and so on ) .
That makes it important to think about which type of headings you use , and in which order .
Getting that wrong can make your content harder to understand .
Although most themes for WordPress get the basics right , it ’s worth making sure that your template sets your post title is an < h1 > tag , and that you ’re not using < h1 > tags anywhere else on your page or in your post content .
Your post content should then ‘ flow ’ naturally ; for example , large , significant headings should use < h2 > tags , subsections should use < h3 > tags , and then subsequent new sections should use < h2 > .
To learn more about why proper headings are important , please read this article on headings and SEO .
In addition , you can read our article about the heading structure for your blog — from which a lot applies to non-blog WordPress sites too .
For an explanation on how to use them read the post on how to use headers on your site .
2.3.5 . Optimize your meta description
We do n’t recommend automated descriptions
Some themes and plugins try to produce descriptions automatically , by taking the first sentence or so of a post .
This is a clever shortcut , but it rarely produces good descriptions .
The first sentence of a post is often introductory information , which does n’t provide a great summary or an enticing advert !
The only well - written description is a handwritten one , and if you ’re thinking of auto - generating the meta description , you might as well not do anything , and let the search engine pick and control the snippet .
NOTE : Search engines may choose to ignore your meta description if they think that it ’s unsuitable for the page , or they might choose to show a custom description from the page content if they think it ’s a better fit .
There ’s no way of forcing them to use your specific snippet .
A meta description is primarily used search engines to show a description of your page in the search engine results , usually below your page title .
Tailoring and writing a descriptive meta description can encourage users to click your results in the search engine , even if you ’re not necessarily ranking in the top position .
It ’s an advert , and your opportunity to impress .
Writing compelling , informative descriptions of your page content for every page on your site is best practice and gives you the opportunity to attract more visits .
Whilst it might feel like a lot of work to craft descriptions for every single page and post , it ’s worth the effort .
If you do n’t provide a meta description , the search engine will generally try to find the keyword which was searched for in your page , and automatically pick a string around that — and highlight the searched phrase in bold in the results page .
Automatically generated snippets ( whether by plugins , or search engines ) are rarely as descriptive or as compelling as hand - written ones .
So , we recommend that you use the meta description field you find in the Yoast SEO plugin to write a meta description .
Make sure it entices the reader to click through and make sure that it contains the focus keyword of your post or page at least once .
2.3.6 . Optimize your images and media
An often overlooked part of WordPress SEO is how you handle your images , videos , and media content .
To make sure that search engines can understand your images , you need to think about how you name and format your files .
Writing descriptive accessible text descriptions helps , too , and can improve your performance significantly .
As an added benefit , you ’re also helping out readers who rely on assistive technologies like screen readers .
Using the proper alt attributes for images , and transcripts of videos are also something that we check in the content analysis functionality of our Yoast SEO plugin .
We have a longer article on image SEO and one writing alt tags , which can give you more tips to fine - tune your image optimization !
2.4 . Maintain your content quality
2.4.1 Keep your content fresh and up to date
As Google strives to show its users the best and up to date information , you should keep track of your content and revise it regularly .
Even more so , because you do n’t want to show the visitors of your website outdated , redundant or incorrect information .
If you publish regularly and have hundreds , or even thousands , of blog posts , this is easier said than done .
That ’s why we ’d advise focusing on two specific areas when it comes to content maintenance : updating cornerstone content and preventing keyword cannibalization .
2.4.2 . Update your cornerstone content
Some pages on your site are more important than others .
The most valuable content of your site is called cornerstone content .
We ’ve written extensively about cornerstone articles and how they can improve your rankings .
In short , these posts or pages :
contain essential information for your audience ;
are complete , up - to - date and well - written ;
show authority ;
get the most links from related posts within your own site ;
rank higher than your other articles on the same topic ;
get most organic traffic to your site .
When you ’re in doubt where to start with updating your site ’s content , always give priority to your cornerstone content .
Your business relies on them , and they should never go stale !
2.4.3 .
No outdated cornerstones with Yoast SEO
Yoast SEO makes it a little easier to keep your cornerstones up to date at all times .
If you use Yoast SEO on your site , you can mark a post as a cornerstone article .
In doing so , these articles will undergo a more rigorous SEO analysis .
In addition , they ’ll appear in a separate list in your post overview , which makes it easy to browse through them and check if they ’re still up to scratch .
If you ’re on Yoast SEO Premium , keeping track of them is even easier .
The Stale cornerstone content filter only shows your cornerstone articles that have n’t been updated in the last 6 months .
You ’ll find this filter in your post overview .
If it does n’t show any posts you ’re good , and if there are one or more posts in it , make sure you check and update them !
Yoast SEO
Premium keeps track of your cornerstone content and warns when they go stale
2.4.4 . Keyword cannibalization
Keyword cannibalization means you ’re eating away your own rankings by creating too many articles for the same or similar keywords .
If you have a dozen articles on the same topic , search engines do n’t know which one of those they should rank highest .
As a result , you ’ll be competing with your own articles for a high position in the search engines .
If you publish frequently , as we do at Yoast , you ’re bound to run into keyword cannibalization issues someday .
That ’s why we ’ve created a framework on how to deal with keyword cannibalism .
In short , you ’ll have to :
Find out for which keywords it ’s happening ;
Analyze which content performs best for those keywords ;
Keep the best performing posts ;
Decide if you should merge the other posts into the better performing one ;
Or just delete and redirect them .
Check out this detailed guide on how to fix keyword cannibilization issues on your site to learn how to go about this .
2.5 . Avoid accidental duplicate content
2.5.1 . What is duplicate content ?
Duplicate content issues arise when search engines encounter multiple URLs with the same or very similar content .
As a result , search engines do n’t know which of these URLs to rank higher , resulting in lower rankings for all of them .
In the previous section , we ’ve already addressed keyword cannibalization , which is caused by writing about the same topic too often .
But most of the times , the root of duplicate content is technical and can happen without you even noticing .
For instance , some content management systems add session IDs or parameters for tracking to URLs .
Or , you might have www and non -www versions of a certain page indexed .
Accordingly , you ’ll have multiple URLs showing the exact same content .
Besides the technical reasons , your articles can get scraped or copied by other parties .
So , there are many different causes for duplicate content , as you can read in this extensive article on duplicate content .
If you want to find out if your site suffers from duplicate content , you can use these duplicate content tools to check your site for issues .
2.5.2 . Solutions for duplicate content
How you should solve your duplicate content issue depends on the cause of the issue .
In general , there are three ways to go about this — in order of preference :
Whenever possible , avoid creating duplicate content .
If your system creates session IDs in the URL , try to turn that off , for instance .
Ca n’t avoid creating them ?
301 redirect those URLs to the original version .
Really need to keep a duplicate article ?
Make sure to add a canonical link to the original version in the < head > section of the duplicate article .
It will show search engines what the original version of the article is , so they can pass the link juice on to the original version .
In the next section you ’ll find out how easy this is with Yoast SEO .
If you want to learn how to solve specific duplicate content issues , check out Joost ’s ultimate guide on causes and solutions for duplicate content .
2.5.3 .
Set a canonical link with Yoast SEO
With Yoast SEO , it ’s very easy to add a canonical link to a post or page .
No need for a developer !
Just go to the Advanced tab in the Yoast SEO metabox below your post or page .
There , you ’ll find the Canonical URL field where you can enter the URL of the original article — the one you want to point search engines to :
Fill in your canonical URL in the advanced section of the Yoast SEO metabox
If you do n’t set a canonical , Yoast SEO will set a self - referencing canonical for you .
This means that the article will point to itself .
Learn why self - referencing canonicals are beneficial for SEO .
2.6 . Support international audiences
To optimize your site for audiences in several countries or language regions , you ’ll need to optimize both your content and your technical setup .
Let ’s start with the content aspects of international SEO .
Doing targeted keyword research and writing fresh content for each audience is crucial .
Take items of clothing , for example .
An American vest is a completely different garment from a British vest , or a Dutch vest , or a French vest , or a Spanish vest … you get the point .
We do n’t recommend using automated translations .
Invest time and resources in proper research and translations with which to optimize your keywords and copy .
Another important aspect of international SEO is picking the right domain structure .
Generally , a different ccTLD ( e.g. www.yoast.de ) for every variation is only a good option for very large companies with big budgets .
In most cases , subdirectories ( e.g. www.yoast.com/de ) are the way to go .
Search engines want to display the right language version of your site to each visitor , whatever country they ’re from .
To help them , you need to implement hreflang .
hreflang is code that tells the search engines what language variations of a page are available and helps prevent duplicate content problems .
It ’s quite a complex piece of code , but our hreflang guide helps you along the way — or , you can take our Multilingual SEO training .
This course is part of our Yoast SEO academy training subscription .
2.7 . Add schema structured data
Structured data is kind of like a dictionary for search engines .
By describing your content in code , you can make it instantly clear what that particular piece of content is about .
Plus , you can describe who wrote it , on what site it was published and when .
Also , if this article featured recipe , FAQ or how - to content , for instance , you could let search engines know about this .
This way , search engines get a better understanding of your site .
In return , they can use this to help your site get rich results .
Structured data is essential in this day and age .
It used to be hard to add structured data to your site , but with structured data in Yoast SEO , we set out to make it easy .
Today , we generate the code search engines need to make sense of your site and its connections automatically .
You only need to make a couple of choices in SEO > Search Appearance .
Select Person if your site is a personal site or Organization if it is a business or professional site .
Do n’t forget to pick or upload the correct logo or avatar .
That ’s not all : you can also quickly build specific types of content pages with our structured data blocks .
These blocks work in the block editor and at the moment , we have two types : for FAQs and how - tos .
These blocks help you visually build the content , while generating valid structured data in the background .
Pick Person or Organization to get Yoast SEO to automatically generate the correct structured data
3 . Optimize your site structure
A solid site structure helps your users and the search engines navigate your site .
On top of that , it will make clear what pages on your website are most important .
There are two pillars to a good site structure : organizing your site and contextual internal linking .
3.1 . Organize your site
Organizing your site will help you set up a navigation path from your homepage right to your individual posts and pages , and back .
Adding categories and subcategories will bring order to chaos .
Ideally , your site should be organized as such :
The ideal site structure should follow a strict hierarchy
You should always make sure your homepage is clear and easy to navigate .
Cluttering the homepage with too many options will make your site more difficult to understand .
Adding a clear menu and breadcrumbs helps your user navigate your site wherever they are .
3.2 . Connect your content with contextual internal linking
Besides organizing your site , you need to link up your content within your copy .
We call this contextual internal linking because these links always appear within the context of a text .
Contextual internal links set up a network of pages , which points your users to related content .
In a post on keyword research , for example , linking to an article on SEO copywriting makes a lot of sense .
For search engines , these links provide insight into how pages are related to each other as well .
Always make sure that the number of links to a page reflects the importance of that page .
Our ultimate guides get a lot of links from individual posts about related topics .
This helps users and search engines understand that these guides are crucial pillars of our site .
When adding a contextual internal link , make sure the link makes sense within the context of the current page .
Moreover , always use anchor texts which accurately describe the page you ’re linking to .
This provides users and search engines with the context they need to assess whether the link is useful .
The internal linking tool in Yoast SEO Premium helps you connect your content by suggesting relevant links .
3.3 . Manage your categories and tags
WordPress has two default ways of structuring your content : categories and tags .
Categories add hierarchy to your content and group topics broadly .
On a website about cooking , pasta could be a category .
Tags are non-hierarchical and can be used to describe your post in more detail .
Dinner party themes , for example , could be a tag .
When setting up your site structure , pick a number of main categories .
Adding them to your menu can be a good idea , especially if you only have a blog .
If you have a blog and several products , a different setup might make more sense .
Make sure your categories are roughly the same size .
If your categories become too big , make subcategories .
Your category pages can be great landing pages , especially for eCommerce sites .
Tags are useful for users exploring topics , but they are often misapplied .
It ’s important not to use too many tags , and to use them more than once or twice .
Remember , you want to group your content , not just give it a description .
If you want to structure your content differently , WordPress also allows you to create custom taxonomies .
Always consider carefully whether your custom taxonomy groups content in a way that makes sense and helps your visitors .
3.4 . Manage your archive pages
If you use categories and tags , you will automatically create archive pages .
These pages contain a list of the posts and pages within a certain category or tag .
Besides categories and tags , there are date - based archive pages and author archives .
These archive pages need managing because they cause SEO problems if you do n’t .
First of all , you want to prevent search engines from indexing archive pages that do n’t make sense on your site .
You can use the Yoast SEO plugin for this .
You do this under SEO → Search Appearance , where you ’ll find the following options on the “ Archives ” tab :
Manage your archives in Yoast SEO
The settings above are the settings for our site .
As you can see , we ’ve disabled the date - based archives , as we do n’t use those .
Any date - based link will redirect to our homepage because of this setting .
We ’ve left the author archives untouched , but we have set the subpages of those archives to be noindex , follow by default .
This way , you ’ll never land on page two of an archive on our site from the search engines .
If your blog is a one - author blog , or you do n’t think you need author archives , use Yoast SEO to disable the author archives .
Also , if you do n’t think you need a date - based archive : disable it as we have .
Even if you ’re not using these archives in your template , someone might link to them and thus break your WordPress SEO …
There is one type of archive that is noindex , follow by default in the Yoast SEO plugin : your own internal search function result pages .
This is a best practice from Google .
3.4.1 . Pagination
If you have lots of posts on your WordPress site , you might want to think about how your pagination looks and works .
Otherwise , you might find that your best content is ‘ buried ’ deep in your site , and users and search engines may struggle to find it .
You should also consider customizing how your pagination looks and works so that it ’s a bit more helpful for users and search engines .
We really recommend checking out the WP - PageNavi plugin !
You ’ll probably want to add breadcrumbs to your posts and pages .
Breadcrumbs are the links , usually above the title post , that looks like “ Home > SEO blog > WordPress SEO “ .
Breadcrumbs are good for two things :
They allow your users to easily navigate your site .
They allow search engines to determine the structure of your site more easily .
These breadcrumbs should link back to the homepage , and the category the post is in .
If the post is in multiple categories it should pick one .
To get breadcrumb navigation to show you on your pages , you may need to adapt your single .
php and page .
php files in your theme , and include the code for breadcrumbs from the Yoast SEO plugin .
You find the settings and instructions on how to do that in the SEO → Search Appearance section .
3.6 . Manage your HTML & XML sitemaps
You can use XML sitemaps to tell Google and the other search engines that your site has been updated .
Our WordPress SEO plugin automatically configures your XML sitemaps , so you do n’t have to worry about anything .
We generate sitemaps for your different post types , including your images , and make sure that it generates and loads really quickly .
We intelligently split your sitemaps up into smaller bits , so Google only has to fetch one new XML “ sub ” - sitemap when a post is published .
You can check and manage which types of your content , archives , and templates should be included in your XML sitemaps in your SEO → Search Appearance settings .
Content types which are set to not show in search results will be automatically excluded from your XML sitemaps .
Lastly , our XML sitemaps support has a pretty complete API , allowing developers to add or change functionality through their plugins and themes .
Our own Local SEO , News SEO and Video SEO extensions ( which generate their own , specific sitemaps ) are built on this API , and , other plugins frequently build their own solutions on top of our system .
For larger or more complex sites , it might make sense to provide an HTML sitemap , too .
This is a normal page on your website , which helps users navigate to deeper or more specific content .
4. Speed up your WordPress website
If your website is slow , you risk frustrating your users .
That makes them less likely to engage , browse , convert , or visit again .
That , in turn , can make them less likely to share your content , link to your pages , or recommend your brand .
In short , speed is an important part of WordPress SEO , and a huge part of the overall user experience .
That means that it ’s critical to measure and manage your performance — especially for users on mobile or slower connections !
4.1 . Measure your site speed
Measuring the speed of your site can be confusing .
Different tools give different scores and results , and sometimes even give conflicting information .
That ’s why we ’ve put together this helpful guide on how to measure your speed — it ’ll walk you through the basics of picking the right metrics , to using the right tools for the job when it comes to monitoring and diagnosing issues .
4.2 . Improve your site speed
Once you ’ve identified what and where your bottlenecks are , the next challenge is to make hosting , theme , plugin and performance tweaks to speed things up .
Page speed optimization is a discipline in its own right and spans well - beyond WordPress SEO .
That means that the biggest opportunities will vary from site to site , and situation to situation .
For some sites , the easiest wins might come from changing hosting or utilizing a CDN ; for others , it might mean re-assessing their use of plugins , or , altering how they load CSS and JavaScript .
That does n’t mean that you ca n’t get started , though .
We ’ve put together a guide on some page speed tools and easy wins that you can use to get the ball rolling .
5. Secure your WordPress website
WordPress is the most - used platform for website management in the world .
It powers 37 % of the web ( June 2020 ) .
While that is awesome , it also means that WordPress is the most targeted platform for hackers .
When running a WordPress website , basic security is dealt with by the platform , but there are things you can do yourselves to make your website more secure .
That starts with your own login .
The default username in WordPress is admin , so change that first .
Otherwise , a hacker ’s first guess for your username is just too easy .
The same goes for your password .
Passwords like 123456 and welcome01 are just not enough .
Use a password manager like 1 Password or LastPass and pick a 20 + character password instead .
WordPress also has a number of plugins for two - factor verification , so adding that to your website is easy as pie as well .
Do it .
There is more you can do , of course , please read our article detailing WordPress security in a few easy steps .
We ’ll highlight some of the recommendations below .
5.1 . Make regular backups
The next thing we ’d like you to do is create regular backups .
In case your site gets hacked , or something else goes wrong — for instance , when updating a plugin or theme — , it ’s important that you revert that change in a heartbeat .
Regular backups make sure that this can be done .
In WordPress , there is a wide range of backup options to choose from .
Several plugin developers have created nice software solutions for you , so you do n’t have the technical hassle of that backup .
At Yoast , we recommend and have good experiences with the Blogvault backup solution .
That service has additional benefits like creating staging sites and easy migration options .
5.2 . Harden your setup
Hardening your setup starts with picking the right hosting company for your WordPress website .
That ’s just the start , as every host will do its best to help you out , but it ’ll still be your responsibility to harden your setup .
Also , tools like Cloudflare are good friends for any company / website in this .
An easy first step is to limit login attempts .
By limiting the number of times people can try to login to your website — closing your login form after five false logins , for example — you are hardening your install against brute force attacks and other malicious acts targeting that form .
The next thing you need to do is to make sure that your WordPress install , including plugins and themes , is always up - to - date .
Updates might fix security issues as well .
Make sure to check regularly for updates , and keep your WordPress install up - to - date .
Another important thing to realize is that you are dealing with security every time you add a new user or writer to your WordPress install .
There ’s an article in the WordPress Codex regarding Roles and Capabilities you should read .
It comes down to giving permissions only to those that need it when they need it and only for the time they need it .
No need to give a guest blogger administrative rights to your website , right ?
Authentication Keys and Salts work in conjunction with each other to protect your cookies and passwords in transit between the browser and web server .
Make sure to change these keys when installing a new WordPress instance .
Another easy fix that we ’d like to mention is to make sure your template files ca n’t be edited from the WordPress backend .
You can do this in Appearance → Editor .
When a hacker managed to get passed your login form , this is really the easiest way to add evil code to your website .
Hardening this involves changing your wp - config file .
5.3 . Use monitoring and logging
Security is an ongoing process .
You need to keep a keen eye on any breaches and keep your website as secure as possible .
You could put part of your WordPress security in the hands of , for instance , a company like Sucuri .
In case of a hack , they ’ll fix this asap .
For your own monitoring , you could check your site on a regular basis with their Sitecheck tool .
There are a couple of plugins that can help you secure your WordPress site by , for instance , monitor files on your server , like WordFence , iThemes or Sucuri .
Pick your plugin of choice , as long as you make sure that security is monitored .
It can also be useful to just keep track of everything that ’s happening on your website like file changes and logged in users .
There are several plugins and tools for that as well , like WP Security Audit Log .
Keeping track of these things makes sure that you can find irregularities in your install and act on these , or find what happened when in case of a security issue .
6 . Cater to your mobile visitors
Take one look around and you ’ll notice that our mobile devices are becoming the de facto way of browsing the web , even when we ’re at home , lying on our couch .
We visit mobile websites .
You , as a website owner , need to cater to your mobile visitors .
According to Statcounter , mobile market share surpassed desktop market share almost all of 2018 .
This means that if you are only optimizing for desktop visitors , you are not optimizing for the majority of your visitors .
Of course , it depends on your specific niche , since those numbers could be different .
Google Analytics can give you the exact numbers for your site .
With a mobile market share like this , there is no way you can consider your mobile website an ‘ extra ’ .
Maybe it ’s time to make mobile the default .
It ’s time for mobile SEO .
6.1 .
Make sure your theme is mobile - friendly
After making sure that your site is fast , make sure your website , or rather your theme , is mobile - friendly .
Making your website mobile - friendly starts with making sure the links are not too close together , and buttons are easily clickable .
Your font should be consistent and should n’t be too small and your images not too big , both in file size and dimensions .
We ’d like to highlight two specific mobile theme optimizations below .
6.1.1 . Use a responsive design
Responsive design means that the design of your website adapts to the screen size your visitor is using .
You can do this by using specific CSS media queries .
We wrote about responsive design way back when , but in the basis , things are still the same .
You have to address certain ranges of screen widths and design for those .
Most WordPress themes should be responsive by now .
Depending on the part of the world you are targeting , no , depending on how fast their mobile internet is ( 2G ?
Already at 5G ? ) , you might want to change a couple of things .
Think about how you use images on your site .
Are you using any text enhancements or font variations that might hinder a good performance of the mobile website ?
Responsive design helps you build a more focused website .
That brings us to the second optimization .
6.1.2 . Prioritize what ’s important to mobile users
Take a step back and look at your website : what do your users want to do here ?
Define the four to six main tasks your user performs on your website and focus on these .
Maybe even give the most important task a big fat call - to - action button .
Here ’s an example :
If you have a local business , the two main tasks might be calling you or finding the directions to your business .
That means you could add these as a special mobile menu , for instance , — some kind of bar that is visible all the time .
Focus on your visitor ’s main tasks and make their life as easy as possible .
How to find these top tasks ?
Ask your visitors !
Also , check Google Analytics for the most visited pages on your mobile website .
More about Analytics further down this article .
6.2 . Consider using AMP
If you are using WordPress , you could serve Accelerated Mobile Pages ( AMP ) as well .
AMP is a 2015 initiative by Google and some major publishers .
It allows for fast mobile pages and does so by stripping some of the design .
AMP these days is used for both static content and dynamic content like news articles .
AMP has pretty strict code requirements , so be sure to validate your AMP pages frequently .
One of the challenges you as a website owner might have is to make sure the AMP version of your website aligns with your branding .
Make sure your visitor — used to visiting your desktop / responsive website — still clearly understands that he or she is visiting your pages .
Luckily , the difference between design on all these platforms can be minimalized .
If you are looking to kick - start the AMP version of your WordPress website , be sure to check the official AMP plugin .
This will add an AMP version of your website after installing the plugin .
7. Analyze and improve your performance
A good SEO campaign relies not only on implementing changes but also measuring the impact of those changes , seeing what works and doing more of that .
Google has developed two amazing tools to analyze the results of your website and to identify new opportunities where you could focus on in the future .
The first one , for analyzing results , is Google Analytics .
By adding Google Analytics to your website , you make sure all user data will be stored in your own account .
You can , for instance , check how many visits your pages get , how many of your visitors convert , how many visitors immediately leave your website after landing on a certain page and much more .
Within Google Analytics , you can see how visitors behave on your website .
Here ’s how to track your SEO with Google Analytics .
The second tool is meant to analyze how your website performs and to see how visitors find you in the search engine .
That tool is Google Search Console .
By exporting and sorting through your search queries and impression data , it ’s easy to identify opportunities where you could focus on improving clickthrough rates , content , and / or rankings .
7.1 . Set up and integrate Google Analytics
To start with Google Analytics , you need to create an account .
Click the ‘ Start for free ’ button to start .
To set up your account , you need to add an Account Name first .
This could be your company name .
However , when you ’re about to add other websites to your account , we recommend choosing a more generic Account Name .
Also , you can always change your Account Name later when you want to .
After setting up your account , it ’s time to add a property : the website you want to add .
Insert the Website Name and the Website URL .
Make sure you add the precise URL : http :// or https :// and with or without www for collecting the right data .
Create a new account in Google Analytics
After setting up your property you can choose for yourself if you want to enable , some of the data sharing settings .
Each data sharing option gives you a clear explanation of what you will be sharing enabling it .
Now you ’re almost ready to go !
The last step to connect your website to your new Google Analytics account is adding the tracking code to your website .
After successfully creating your account and adding a new property you ’ll see this screen with your Google Analytics tracking code on top :
Copy the tag to your site
This tag needs to be added to your website .
The easiest way to do this within WordPress is by installing a Google Analytics plugin such as the MonsterInsights Plugin for WordPress .
Installing this plugin , you do n’t need to touch the actual code of your website to connect with Google Analytics .
You just simply install and activate the plugin , insert your tracking ID and you ’re set !
You can also use Google ’s Site Kit WordPress plugin to get data from Analytics and Search Console in your backend .
For more technical readers , it ’s also possible to add the tag manually to the head of every webpage or to add the tag to Google Tag Manager .
Now your website is connected to Google Analytics , it will start collecting data of your users .
Start clicking around to see what all can be found within the data or start reading one of our blog posts about Google Analytics for helpful tips .
7.2 . Set up your Google Search Console account
The second tool we think is important to set up is Google Search Console .
We recommend going through all steps and you will be all set !
In brief , these are the steps you ’ll need to follow :
Create or sign in to your Google Search Console account .
Click ‘ Add a property ’ under the search drop - down .
Enter your website URL in the box and click ‘ Continue ’ .
Verify your website — within the Yoast SEO plugin , you can easily copy and paste the meta tag to make it work .
After connecting your website to Google Search Console , it will start collecting data about the performance of your website .
Of course , there are plenty of other useful tools out there to get valuable insights into your website and to find SEO opportunities .
Everyone has their own favorite tools , so it ’s important to just start playing with different tools to find out what tool brings you what you need most .
There are all - in - one SEO tools which give you a complete overview of your performance and there are more in - depth tools which give you more specific data .
Think about site speed tools , duplicate content tools , site analysis tools , keyword research tools and much more .
Some tools we use besides Google Analytics and Google Search Console :
Bing Webmaster Tools
Within the Source / Medium section of Google Analytics , you can see what percentage of your traffic is coming from Bing .
When this is a sufficient amount of traffic , you might want to create a Bing Webmaster Tools account as well .
Bing Webmaster Tools is the Google Search Console variant for Bing .
It shows you your site ’s health and performance in the Bing search results .
Ryte
Ryte is one of the all - in - one SEO suites you could use to analyze on - page SEO .
The tool crawls your website to give you a bunch of data on indexing , errors , links , speed and much more .
You can try Ryte for free to see what it has in it for you .
Ryte even integrates with Yoast SEO .
Google Lighthouse
Google Lighthouse is a Chrome extension which you can download for free .
With the Lighthouse tool , you can easily generate a report with scores for Performance , Progressive Web App , Accessibility , Best Practices , and SEO .
This report will give you a quick overview of how your site is doing .
Plus you can immediately start working on the areas that need the most attention .
You can also use the web - based version on web.dev / measure .
Hotjar
To get insights on how your visitors actually move , scroll and click on your webpages , you could use a tool like Hotjar .
This user research tool also has options to add polls or surveys to your site to start doing research .
You can try it for free , and the paid packages have competitive prices .
Interested in more valuable tools ?
Check our list of favorite SEO tools here !
8. Promote your site
You put a lot of time and effort into the content of your site and making sure that readers can find it via search engines thanks to SEO .
But there are other ways to get people to visit your WordPress site and read your posts .
But how do you get and grow such an audience ?
Simply writing posts and putting these out there wo n’t do the trick : you need to promote your site !
8.1 . Encourage engagement
It ’s always fun to interact with your readers , but how do you get them to engage ?
With engagement , we mean all the different ways people can interact with your post .
It could be leaving a comment , sharing it on social media or taking action on the topic in general .
But how do you get people to engage ?
You can always ask them !
Write in an engaging way , and then ask your readers for their opinion .
Then respond to these comments in order to keep the conversation going and build a relationship with your readers .
Engagement also benefits SEO , as it shows that your site is alive and active .
If you want to dive deeper into blog engagement , you can read our post on how you can increase blog engagement .
8.2 . Grow your reach
Using social media is the best way to reach and grow the audience of your blog .
You should be active on the social media channels where your ( potential ) audience is present .
Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , and Twitter are examples of popular social media .
It might be a lot to decide on , so you can find out more in our blog post on social media strategy : where to begin ?
8.3 . Build a mailing list
In addition to using social media to promote your blog , it ’s often a good idea to invest in a digital newsletter .
Let people sign up for it and send out emails with your latest blog posts and some other fun facts .
Make sure that you offer a subscribe field beneath your posts and on other visible places on your website .
Make sure that your newsletter is mobile - friendly .
But , most of all , make sure your newsletter is truly something special !
We use MailChimp for our newsletter , which is free up until 2,000 subscribers .
8.4 . Amplify your content
The number of blog posts published every day is enormous , which is why it ’s becoming much harder to stand out .
Your articles have a big chance of getting lost in the vast sea of content .
To help your content reach its full potential you need to amplify it .
If your content is original and well - structured , you ’re probably able to reach new audiences .
Take a look at how you can reach new audiences , beyond your organic reach .
Maybe advertising on Facebook or Instagram might be a good way to reach new audiences for your content ?
Analyze what channels you already use and decide where you can do more in order to broaden your audience .
9. Conclusions
This guide gives you a lot of stuff you can do on your WordPress site .
It goes from technical SEO tips to conversion tips , to content tips , to conversation tips , and a whole lot in between .
There ’s a catch though : if you want to rank for highly competitive terms , you ’ll have to actually do most of it and create great and compelling content in the process .
You ’re competing with every other website and business on the planet for attention , visitors , and outcomes .
That means you have to put in a lot of hard work !
But do n’t worry — we ’re here to help .
So if you want to keep updated on the latest news about WordPress , SEO , and our plugins , then you can subscribe to our newsletter and stay one step ahead of the competition !
Read more : How to use WordPress : Answering 12 common WordPress questions »
Popline is the world 's largest health - information search engine , run by the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health with funding from the US government .
They have just changed their database so that queries for " abortion " show no results , even though the system has access to more than 25,000 documents on the subject .
They say they 've done this because they believe it's a requirement of their federal funding .
The massive database indexes a broad range of reproductive health literature , including titles like " Previous abortion and the risk of low birth weight and preterm births , " and " Abortion in the United States : Incidence and access to services , 2005 . "
But on Thursday , a search on " abortion " was producing only the message " No records found by latest query … "
A librarian at the University of California at San Francisco noticed the new censorship on Monday , while carrying out a routine research request on behalf of academics and researchers at the university .
The search term had functioned properly as of January .
Puzzled , she contacted the manager of the database , Johns Hopkins ' Debbie Dickson , who replied in an April 1st e-mail that the university had recently begun blocking the search term because the database received federal funding .
" We recently made all abortion terms stop words , " Dickson wrote in a note to Gloria Won , the UCSF medical center librarian making the inquiry .
" As a federally funded project , we decided this was best for now . "
There was no notice of the change on the site .
Dickson suggested other kinds of more obscure search strategies and alternative words to get around the keyword blocking .
" In addition to the terms you 're already using , you could try using ' Fertility Control , Postconception ' .
This is the broader term to our ' abortion ' terms and most records have both in the keyword fields , " she wrote .
She also suggested using a euphemistic search strategy of " unwanted w/2 pregnancy . "
But the workarounds do n't satisfy critics of the censorship .
Most Saturday mornings , I bicycle with a group of men , mostly in their 50s , whom I affectionately call the Cheat Death group .
We are all in pretty good shape , competitive but supportive , and convinced that hard - core exercise is our ticket to postponing the inevitable .
The ride a few Saturdays back was a tough one .
At 6:30 a.m. , the pack took off fast and immediately headed for the hills near Durham , N.H .
The first few climbs felt pretty good , but by the third hill I started to feel nauseated .
Figuring that was probably a result of the four beers and large Chinese dinner the night before , I kept going .
Twenty - five miles into the ride , I had fallen to the back of the pack .
I was short of breath and wondering how I was going to make it much farther .
I am someone who hates to quit .
But after the third time the group had to stop and wait for me , I decided I had no choice .
I watched them pedal away , then lay down in the grass .
In a major step toward controlling the spread of tree - destroying gypsy moths , China has agreed to allow scientists to inspect forests near shipping ports to gauge the risk of the pests there hitching rides on ships to the U.S .
View Gypsy Moth Slide Show
In exchange , the U.S. agreed to share its expertise on exterminating other invasive bugs , such as fire ants .
Officials at the U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) say the move could help prevent the international transport of a faster - spreading and particularly destructive Asian gypsy moth variety .
The deal with China is the fourth the U.S. has cut in an attempt to get a handle on the problem ; it has more extensive agreements with Russia , Japan , and South Korea .
Mike Simon , an offshore pest mitigation expert with the USDA 's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service ( APHIS ) , says scientists in China are set to begin trapping and studying gypsy moths this month .
The North American gypsy moth is blamed for defoliating trees in national forests and residential areas in at least 20 states as well as across southeastern Canada .
U.S. Forest Service officials say that aerial pesticide spraying of hundreds of thousands of acres each summer has slowed but not stopped the moths .
They add that they are trying to keep a lid on the native population as well as prevent the more virulent Asian variety from reaching U.S. soil .
The Asian moth made two minor incursions into U.S. ports during the 1990s , but both times were quickly eradicated .
Over the past year , inspectors have again found Asian egg masses on foreign ships arriving in U.S. ports .
U.S. Customs and Border Patrol agents are authorized by law to bar entry to foreign vessels carrying invasive bugs or their eggs and to order them offshore to be scrubbed of the pests before unloading cargo .
But Simon says it would be more effective to verify that no eggs , caterpillars or adult moths are aboard ships before they set sail from overseas ports .
The main concern : that the virulent strain of Asian gypsy moth , if introduced to the U.S. , could exacerbate damage to North American forests .
" The west coast states are basically terrified ; it would be devastating to their timber resources , both for industry and recreation , " Simon says .
That 's because , other than a few isolated and quickly squashed outbreaks , the U.S. west coast is generally free of gypsy moths .
Without competition from local populations , any Asians that arrived there could thrive .
At least 10,000 cargo containers and 100 ships arrive daily in the Port of Los Angeles , most of them from Asia , which poses a real risk , he adds .
The North American strain , Lymantria dispar , now stretches from Canada into North Carolina , Minnesota and Wisconsin , with pockets of infestation beyond its contiguous range .
It is currently expanding its reach by about five miles ( eight kilometers ) a year , according to ecologist Patrick Tobin , head of the technical advisory committee * for the U.S. Forest Service 's Slow the Spread , a program to manage the gypsy moth .
As its name suggests , the program , which was first funded by Congress in 2000 , is trying to decelerate the expansion of the gypsy moth 's range .
It monitors 10 states along the region 's leading edge for outbreaks and decides which ones to combat with insecticides .
It also educates truckers , plant nurseries , the timber industry , motorists and recreational forest users about ways to avoid transporting the pest .
Human movement helps the gypsy moth move faster than it does on its own .
At the peak of its migration , in the 1980s the gypsy moth was spreading southward and westward across the U.S. by about 13 miles ( 20 kilometers ) per year .
But dead trees are n't the sole concern : Gypsy moths ' hair and scales contain histamines , which can cause allergic reactions in humans sensitive to them .
As it turns out , L. dispar females cannot fly ( because they lack the muscle strength and wing length of their Asian cousins ) ; they advance when larvae suspended on strands of silk are carried by the wind — or even farther and faster by cars , trains and trucks .
The adult males , meantime , are long - distance flyers that establish new colonies by sniffing out the pheromones of adult females that grew from transported larvae .
The adult female 's inability to fly has helped limit the spread of gypsy moths across North America .
An L. dispar egg also requires a long winter chill and the hatched caterpillars generally eat the foliage of oak , poplar , and birch trees .
Their Asian cousins can hatch more quickly and have a more eclectic diet that also includes Douglas fir , red maple , pine and cottonwood , says entomologist Melody Keena , a Forest Service supervisory researcher .
The introduction of the Asian variety , should it mate with the local population and pass along those traits , could accelerate the spread and endanger additional tree species , she adds .
In experiments that began more than a decade ago ( after minor incursions of flying strains were quickly eradicated in the southern and western U.S. ) , Keena and her group demonstrated for the first time that , when Asian and North American gypsy moths mate , the offspring female develop the ability to fly .
That could help them advance into forests that are currently free of infestation .
Gypsy moths are believed to have been introduced into North America in 1869 after an amateur entomologist brought larvae back with him from Europe , most likely from France .
He accidentally allowed some larvae , presumed to have been L. dispar , to escape from his backyard outside Boston , where he was keeping and studying his new colony .
From there , it began inching across the continent .
Now , it appears Asian strains are gradually moving across Europe and interbreeding with L. dispar there .
Resulting hybrid females in Croatia , Portugal , France and Greece still cannot fly , but major populations in Lithuania , Poland and Germany can , according to Keena .
Although Keena and other scientists say that suggests a scenario in which L. dispar interbreeding with Asians might produce flying offspring that could accelerate the spread , Tobin notes that their dispersal could be limited by still larger populations of native L. dispar .
If there were to be an influx of Asians , the areas most affected would likely be those where the L. dispar population is scarce — west and south of the Virginia–North Carolina border , eastern Wisconsin and northern Minnesota — and especially in the west where it 's nonexistent , Tobin says .
In those places , where the Asian traits are less likely to be diluted by mixing with L. dispar , the Asians could dominate .
Vic Mastro , director of the APHIS research lab in Otis , Mass. , says agriculture officials have set around 350,000 traps in the western part of the country .
But there 's a hitch : Baited with pheromone , they only attract males and leave scientists guessing whether any flying females are in the area .
So the traps alone are not enough , and it's more crucial to keep the Asian variety out altogether by inspecting ships in ports before they enter the U.S. , Mastro says .
" Right now , if we find egg mass on a ship , we assume the worst , " he says .
The current agreement calls for scientists to set similar traps in forests around Chinese ports .
The traps could confirm large populations , providing the evidence U.S. officials need to back up arguments for cargo inspections .
Past studies have shown that gypsy moths are attracted to light ; they swarm from infested forests to the bright lights of nearby port cities and docked ships .
Once an infested ship docks in the U.S. , its infested containers can also disperse quickly .
This summer , the U.S. is seeing massive gypsy moth outbreaks in Pennsylvania and northern New Jersey .
But nowhere is the gypsy moth 's attraction to light more apparent than in far eastern Russia , which is in the second year of its worst outbreak since the early 1990s , says Steven Munson , the U.S. Forest Service ’s team leader for the overseas monitoring program .
He notes that larval caterpillars have been chewing through the vast forests around two major shipping ports — Vostochnyy and Nakhodka — near the Chinese and North Korean borders .
U.S. scientists headed there last week to help check traps and search for egg masses , he says .
A naturally occurring virus helps structure gypsy moth infestations into cycles :
An outbreak may last three years before the virus sends a population into dormancy for more than 10 years , Munson says .
By mid-August , when the female Russian moths typically emerge from pupae and start laying eggs , researchers should know whether to step up ship inspections there or whether the virus is causing a new die - off .
* Note ( 7/14/08 ) : Patrick Tobin 's title has been modified since the original posting .
View Gypsy Moth Slide Show
Alligators are fighters — and they 've got the immune systems to prove it .
For 80 million years ago , they 've been violently battling each other , ripping off each others ' limbs in filthy , microbe - infested swamps .
But there 's no point in winning a fight if you 're just going to die of a wound infection a week later , so alligators have evolved a fierce immune system to protect themselves against the nasty pathogens swimming in and out of their gaping wounds .
Lancia Darville and Mark Merchant analyzed the proteins that endow the alligator immune system with its pluck , and announced their findings this week at a meeting of the American Chemical Society in New Orleans .
The researchers collected blood samples from American alligators , isolated the disease - fighting white blood cells , and extracted the active proteins from those cells .
A tiny pinch of the protein extracts killed a wide range of bacteria , including MRSA — the deadly " superbug " that 's increasingly resistant to multiple antibiotics — and six out of eight different strains of Candida albicans , a fungus that can cause serious problems in immunocompromised patients ( e.g. , those afflicted with AIDS or who have undergone chemotherapy ) .
In fact , researchers found the proteins found in alligator blood can fight 23 types of bacteria , nearly three times as many as the proteins found in human blood .
Earlier research by Merchant found that the proteins from alligator blood can also herpes simplex virus and HIV .
But before you go out back and wrestle an alligator for a sweet glass of its immunity boosting blood , there are a couple of reasons to be cautious .
First , raw , unprocessed blood from alligators can sicken or kill humans , as our bodies will reject the foreign slurry .
Second , even if you extracted the proteins , you 'd still get sick — Merchant 's earlier report noted that proteins in alligator blood are indiscriminate killers , and are toxic to the very cells he was trying to protect , leading him to conclude that " the crocodile 's immune system may be too powerful for humans and may need to be synthesized for human consumption . "
But the researchers hope that " superdrugs based on their findings might be available within 10 years " — assuming , of course , the human tissue - killing issues are resolved .
LOS ANGELES 
Now comes the part where Indiana Jones dangles over the snake pit of public opinion .
Actually , a handful of Web reviewers have already struck at the film “ Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull , ” despite an intense effort by the director Steven Spielberg , the executive producer George Lucas and Paramount Pictures to keep this highly anticipated sequel out of sight until Sunday , May 18 .
On that day , this fourth Indiana Jones movie is scheduled to make its debut at the Cannes Film Festival with an afternoon press screening , and another one at night .
At about the same time , the picture , which opens in theaters on the following Thursday , is expected to be screened for the news media and industry insiders at multiple showings in Manhattan and Los Angeles , while other screenings are scheduled around the world .
Mr. Spielberg is unusually fastidious when it comes to protecting his films from advance word that can diminish excitement or muddy a message planted by months of carefully orchestrated publicity and expensive promotions ( including , in this case , a February cover article in Vanity Fair , complete with Annie Leibovitz photos of the cast , and leather bullwhips delivered weeks ago to newsrooms ) .
Any iPhone 3G you like , so long as it ’s white
UPDATE : The trend continues , with Vodafone revealing to Gizmodo
that the ( reportedly very fast ) sales through their online orders have
had an 80:20 preference toward the black over the white .
It seems black
is , as ever , the REAL new black !
It seems Apple ’s white iPhone 3G is more white elephant than white hot .
At the Optus queue , where at 5.00 am the store is closing in on its 300th customer ( if not there already ) , some in the queue have been warned by the time they get to the counter there may only be white left in 16GB .
Given the store had 500 units to begin with , and close to 200 up its sleeve , there is a very clear preference for black over white .
Even at a roughly even distribution of 8GB and each of the two 16GB varieties it is sounding like the white is turning out to be very unpopular .
So if you make a play for Hunter St before you head to work , we really hope you like white … and if this trend continues , we could be seeing shortages based more on people ’s rejection of the white , and others feeling like they ’ve had to settle for second best .
Focus on Ease of Use
Client Folder Maker utilizes a very simple approach to building custom folder sets for any job .
Easily add , rename , or delete folders in the hierarchy and create new files under the folder tree .
You can use any other variables in addition to , or in place of the Client Name or Job Number , so the possibilities for personal customization are endless .
After setting a pre-determined archive folder , users simply enter the Client or Project Name , the Job or Version Number , and click the " Create Folder " button .
Instantly , a new folder hierarchy is created , based on the entered information , and the custom hierarchy that was selected .
Client Folder Maker will faithfully create the folder hierarchy based on the client 's name and the number associated with that job - with all the support folders inside .
The hidden gem in CFM is its limitless customization of tag variables , so the possibilities for personal customization are endless .
Despite its namesake , Client Folder Maker 's default presets are n't limited to simply a " client name " or a " job number . "
As long as the chosen words or phrases are surrounded in braces , you can create and use any tags you wish .
Among Client Folder Maker 's most useful features is its ability to import and export Presets via Drag & Drop .
You can drag any Preset to the Desktop for setting up another machine , to save and archive , or even to email friends and colleagues .
Existing Presets may also be sorted in any way in the list .
You can also add useful descriptions for each Preset to better describe its use under different conditions .
A Hierarchy By Any Other Name
Design professionals know that adhering to a strict folder hierarchy is paramount when setting up new clients , backing up customer files , and insuring the ability to search them for repeat jobs .
Graphic Designers , Prepress Operators and Web Developers alike will immediately appreciate the convenience and time - savings Client Folder Maker offers .
Would You… Could You …
In a Tree ?
It is every kid ’s dream to one day make the coolest tree house and live in it .
In Okinawa , Japan , that dream has become one person ’s reality … except they made it a restaurant instead of a home .
Just north of the Okinawa airport on highway 58 , the restaurant sits perfectly on top of a massive Gajumaru tree ’s huge branches about 20 ft above the ground and looking out over the ocean .
The restaurant has a reputation of being quiet and elegant , while serving some of the best Japanese , Thai , Korean , Chinese and Indian food in all of Okinawa .
Customers have to climb a spiral stairway to get to the restaurant .
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
RSS ReaderThis widget is the staple of our platform .
Read all your feeds right here with this one widget - Supported feeds are OPML , RSS , RDF , ATOM .
Watch your favorite Podcast in the embedded Video Player on the Desktop or publish your own video playlist to your site for others to view !
After many months of stellar work , the jQuery UI team has released version 1.5 of their flagship suite of user - interface widgets , components , and effects .
This release was focused on bringing you a standardized development API across all of the components , allowing for a more seamless experience when working with the jQuery UI library .
A very exciting CSS theming application was also released with jQuery UI 1.5 , called ThemeRoller .
ThemeRoller is an amazing way to customize the style and colors across all of the jQuery UI components .
It comes with a few preset styles , as well as allowing you to create your own .
Once you are done , it packages your theme into a zip file that contains all of the images and CSS you need .
Brief Overview of the jQuery UI Project
The jQuery UI project was originally created to bring you a set of " official " jQuery plugins .
Mature components from the plugins repository were pulled together to form the first release of jQuery UI .
But since each of these plugins had its own style , having been written by different authors , the first release of the library felt a bit cumbersome when packaged together .
With that in mind , the focus of UI 1.5 was on achieving a coherent , standardized API to eliminate much of the differences between the components .
Through much time and effort , many bugs and feature requests were addressed along the way as well .
Inside Look at jQuery UI Version 1.5
Before starting , I want to make sure you know where the jQuery UI Documentation is located .
You may also want to head to the download page to grab the library for yourself .
Note that the development bundle is the easiest to get started with .
First , let 's start by including the necessary files for jQuery UI : jQuery latest js file , the Flora theme complete stylesheet , and the core UI file .
Each of the components is built on top of these files .
Here is how to include them :
[ html ] [ / html ]
You may want to download these files and put them on your own server , but this is just fine for our demonstration .
At this point you may include the jquery .ui.all.js script for testing , or include each of the components individually .
Here are the components that we are using for this demo :
Activating Components
[ html ] [ / html ]
Each component has a constructor method , which is the component name .
For instance , we can make a div draggable by using the draggable ( ) method :
[ js ] $( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { $ ( " #dragme " ) .draggable ( ) ; } ) ;[/ js ]
The component defaults can be overridden by passing in options to the main function .
For instance , if we want to make the div drag only horizontally , we can set the axis option to " x " with the following code :
[ js ] $( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { $ ( " #dragme - x " ) . draggable ( { axis : " x " } ) ; } ) ; [ / js ]
Likewise , the Accordion can be accessed the same way .
Here we set a custom option to specify the accordion to slide on the mouseover event :
Test 1 Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipisicing elit , sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua .
Ut enim ad minim veniam , quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat .
Test 2
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipisicing elit , sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua .
Ut enim ad minim veniam
Test 3
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipisicing elit , sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua .
Ut enim ad minim veniam , quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat .
[ js ] $( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { $ ( " #accordionDemo " ) .accordion ( { event : " mouseover " } ) ; } ) ;[/ js ]
Some of the components , such as draggable and resizable , can even be combined :
[ js ] $( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { $ ( " #dragme- resize " ) .draggable ( ).resizable ( ) ; } ) ;[/ js ]
This first makes the div draggable , then adds the resize handles to the div .
Now you should have what you need to start with each of the components !
Head to the functional demos page to see in - depth examples of each of the components .
Looking at the Future of jQuery UI
With Paul Bakaus hired as ( paid ) full - time lead of jQuery UI , the project has been energized , charging forward by leaps and bounds .
With an ever - growing set of UI components , jQuery UI 's future is shaping up to be one of great promise .
Washington , D.C. , January 26 , 2006 - A secret Pentagon " roadmap " on war propaganda , personally approved by Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld in October 2003 , calls for " boundaries " between information operations abroad and the news media at home , but provides for no such limits and claims that as long as the American public is not " targeted , " any leakage of PSYOP to the American public does not matter .
Obtained under the Freedom of Information Act by the National Security Archive at George Washington University and posted on the Web today , the 74 - page " Information Operations Roadmap " admits that " information intended for foreign audiences , including public diplomacy and PSYOP , increasingly is consumed by our domestic audience and vice - versa , " but argues that " the distinction between foreign and domestic audiences becomes more a question of USG [ U.S. government ] intent rather than information dissemination practices . "
The Smith - Mundt Act of 1948 , amended in 1972 and 1998 , prohibits the U.S. government from propagandizing the American public with information and psychological operations directed at foreign audiences ; and several presidential directives , including Reagan 's NSD - 77 in 1983 , Clinton 's PDD - 68 in 1999 , and Bush 's NSPD - 16 in July 2002 ( the latter two still classified ) , have set up specific structures to carry out public diplomacy and information operations .
These and other documents relating to U.S. PSYOP programs were posted today as part of a new Archive Electronic Breifing Book .
Several press accounts have referred to the 2003 Pentagon document but today 's posting is the first time the text has been publicly available .
Sections of the document relating to computer network attack ( CNA ) and " offensive cyber operations " remain classified under black highlighting .
Rumsfeld 's Roadmap to Propaganda
National Security Archive Electronic Briefing Book No. 177
Edited by Kristin Adair
Posted - January 26 , 2006
The Information Operations Roadmap , a 30 October 2003 document approved personally by Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , " provides the Department with a plan to advance the goal of information operations as a core military competency " and " stands as an another example of the Department 's commitment to transform our military capabilities to keep pace with emerging threats and to exploit new opportunities afforded by innovation and rapidly developing information technologies . "
The plan was developed by an oversight panel led by the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense ( Resource and Plans ) and representatives from the Joint Staff , Office of the Secretary of Defense , and Special Operations Command , among other organizations .
The Roadmap was personally approved by Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld .
The Roadmap presents as one of its key assumptions the importance of Psychological Operations ( PSYOP ) , particularly in wartime : " Effectively communicating U.S. Government ( USG ) capabilities and intentions is an important means of combating the plans of our adversaries .
The ability to rapidly disseminate persuasive information to diverse audiences in order to directly influence their decision - making is an increasingly powerful means of deterring aggression .
Additionally , it undermines both senior leadership and popular support for employing terrorists or using weapons of mass destruction . "
The military defines PSYOP generally as " planned operations to convey selected information and indicators to foreign audiences to influence the emotions , motives , objective reasoning , and ultimately the behavior of foreign governments , organizations , groups , and individuals . "
The Roadmap has been cited in the media several times ( see James Bamford , " The Man Who Sold the War : Meet John Rendon , Bush 's general in the propaganda war , " Rolling Stone , November 17 , 2005 ; Stephen J. Hedges , " Media use backfires on U.S. ; Many ask if Pentagon altered information to make case for war , " Chicago Tribune , December 11 , 2005 . ) [ see references ] , but has not previously been released to the public .
The document calls on DoD to enhance its capabilities in five key Information Operations ( IO ) areas : electronic warfare ( EW ) , PSYOP , Operations Security ( OPSEC ) , military deception and computer network operations ( CNO ) .
In light of recent media coverage of alleged propaganda activities by the military in Iraq , the Roadmap gives as one of its recommendations the need to " Clarify Lanes in the Road for PSYOP , Public Affairs and Public Diplomacy . "
The U.S. government is legally prohibited from conflating these operations by targeting PSYOP activities -- intended for foreign audiences -- at the American public .
22 U.S.C. § 1461 ( Smith - Mundt Act ) , which created the United States Information Agency ( USIA ) in 1948 , directs that information about the United States and its policies intended for foreign audiences " shall not be disseminated within the United States , its territories , or possessions . "
Amendments to the Smith - Mundt Act in 1972 and 1998 further clarified the legal obligations of the government 's public diplomacy apparatus and several presidential directives , including Reagan 's NSD - 77 in 1983 , Clinton 's PDD - 68 in 1999 , and Bush 's NSPD - 16 in July 2002 ( the latter two still classified ) , have set up specific structures and procedures , as well as further legal restrictions , regarding U.S. public diplomacy and information operations .
President Clinton 's secret Presidential Decision Directive ( PDD - 68 ) , issued on April 30 , 1999 , expanded public diplomacy and public affairs operations beyond USIA and the Department of State to include all agencies and set out the objective of IPI " to synchronize the informational objectives , themes and messages that will be projected overseas . . . to prevent and mitigate crises and to influence foreign audiences in ways favorable to the achievement of U.S. foreign policy objectives . "
( PDD - 68 also cautioned against using the new information operations to influence the American public , but recognized the potential for " backwash " of IPI information to the United States and so called for coordinated domestic and foreign public affairs operations to synchronize foreign policy messages .
The newly - released Information Operations Roadmap , with the goal of expansion and central coordination of Pentagon PSYOP and public diplomacy operations , also recognizes the legal conundrum presented by the use of overseas propaganda in the information age .
But while the document recognizes the need for boundaries - referred to as " [ l ] anes " - between U.S. public diplomacy and foreign propaganda , it fails to provide any such limits :
" The likelihood that PSYOP messages will be replayed to a much broader audience , including the American public , requires that specific boundaries be established for PSYOP .
In particular :
The discussion of the relationship between public diplomacy and IO neither cites the applicable legal restrictions nor institutes specific guidelines , but references only the " intent " of the U.S. government in " targeting " either foreign or domestic audiences :
By means of recommendations for enhancing PSYOP capabilities , the oversight panel directed " improvements . . . to rapidly generate audience specific , commercial - quality products into denied areas " and a " focus on aggressive behavior modification at the operational and tactical level of war . "
Additionally , the Roadmap cites improved military support to public diplomacy efforts and support for " active public affairs programs that influence foreign audiences " as vital components of the new IO strategy .
Documents
Note :
The following documents are in PDF format .
You will need to download and install the free Adobe Acrobat Reader to view .
Document 1 : Department of Defense , Information Operations Roadmap , October 30 , 2003 , Secret [ Excised ] .
Source : Freedom of Information Act request
Document 2 : Joint Publication 3 - 53 , Doctrine for Joint Psychological Operations , September 5 , 2003 .
Source : http://www.dtic.mil/doctrine/jel/new_pubs/jp3_53.pdf
Document 3 : National Security Decision Directive NSDD - 77 , " Management of Public Diplomacy Relative to National Security , " January 14 , 1983 .
Source : Freedom of Information
Act request .
Document 4 : Reorganization Plan and Report , Submitted by President Clinton to the Congress on December 30 , 1998 , Pursuant to Section 1601 of the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 , as Contained in Public Law 105 - 277 .
Source : http://www.fas.org/irp/offdocs/pdd/pdd-68-dos.htm
Document 5 : Presidential Decision Directive PDD - 68 , " International Public Information ( IPI ) , April 30 , 1999 [ Classified ] .
Source : Summary from Steven Aftergood , Federation of American Scientists , http://www.fas.org/irp/offdocs/pdd/pdd-68.htm, citing IPI Core Group Charter , obtained by the Washington Times ( Ben Barber , " Group Will Battle Propaganda Abroad , " Washington Times , 28 July 1999 ) .
Document 6 : National Security Presidential Directive NSPD - 16 , July 2002 [ Classified ] .
Source : Summarized in Power Point presentation on Information Warfare , Florida International University , 2004 , http://www.fiu.edu/~apodaca/Information%20Warfare%20Lecture.ppt
REFERENCES
James Bamford , " The Man Who Sold the War : Meet John Rendon , Bush 's general in the propaganda war , " Rolling Stone , November 17 , 2005 , available at http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/store/_/id/8798997.
Stephen J. Hedges , " Media use backfires on U.S. ; Many ask if Pentagon altered information to make case for war , " Chicago Tribune , December 11 , 2005 .
Col. Sam Gardiner ( USAF , Ret. ) , " Truth from These Podia : Summary of a Study of Strategic Influence , Perception Management , Strategic Information Warfare and Strategic Psychological Operations in Gulf II , " October 8 , 2003 , also available at http://www.usnews.com/usnews/politics/whispers/documents/truth_1.pdf.
原典 の「 Actions」章を参照してください。
たとえば button over などの イベントハンドラ はどのようになっているのかというと， DefineButton2 チャンクに該当するイベント用の ACTIONCODE が含まれていま す * 4 。
action model の変遷のまと め
以下のように，だいたい3回の大変革がなされています。
SWF 3 単純なフレームアクション SWF 4 単純な演算が可能なスタックマシンとしての実装 SWF 5 外部関数（システム組込関数）の動的バインド呼び出しのサポート，クラスのサポート
SWF 9 AVM2 のサポー ト
とくに SWF 5 における 「 外部関数の動的バインド呼び出し」が大きいです。SWF
4 までは ActionScript のみで Flash movie を作成するのは事実上不可能でしたが ，SWF 5 では 「 定義用チャンク 」に相当するクラスが
Flash Machine に準備されたため，これを外部関数・クラスとして呼び出すことにより
ActionScript のみでかなり の
Flash movie を作成することができるようになりました。といっても，ビットマップやフォントについては
ActionScript でイチからどうこうできないため(( フォントはともかくビットマップレベルであれば flash.display.BitmapData を利用すれば描けないことはありませんけど。))，リソース埋め込みなどの外部ツールが必要になります。
逆にいうと ，SWF 4 までであれ ば
Flash file format specification を読みこなせば自作 Flash Player を作成することができましたが ，SWF 5 以降は（specification に記述されていない ）Flash Machine 組み込みクラスを実装する必要があります。
さらに付け加えると ，ActionScript VM
は byte code interpreter として働いているだけであり，ソースとなる言語の文法を規定しません。実際，ActionScript 1.0 から 2.0 では文法的に大幅な改変がなされましたが，byte code compiler の部分で吸収しています * 6。また，haXe は型パラメータ * 7をもつなど ActionScript 2.0 とは言語仕様に異なる部分がありますが，これも byte code を経由しているおかげです 。
To our web site
On your iPhone / iPad or Android Phone
Our membership is perfect if you want to add new music to your collection without worrying about which particular album you want to buy .
As a member , every album at Magnatune is yours at no additional cost .
Magnatune 's downloads are CD - quality WAV and MP3 files , so you can burn them to disc , play them on your iPod , or listen offline in iTunes .
You get access to all our audio formats and printable PDF artwork .
Magnatune musicians are paid 50 % of your monthly membership , based on what songs you listen to or download .
You will be directly supporting the artists who make the music you love .
The Download Membership also includes unlimited streaming , so you can listen to Magnatune online and commercial - free .
After you 've listened online , download the albums you really like for free .
You 'll have access to members - only features such as favorites and iPod / iTunes syncing .
Download membership FAQ
July 28 , 2008 — Spike
My good friend and collaborator , Shawn Cornally , recently asked for my opinion on what language to use to teach programming .
He teaches science & math at Solon High School in eastern Iowa .
I ’ll preface these comments by saying that choice of language is probably not as important as other things , like competence and enthusiasm of the instructor .
I started learning to program , on my own , in Apple BASIC , then QBASIC .
I can recommend neither of these , even though the B in BASIC stands for “ beginner . ”
Picking a poor first language is unlikely to either put off an enthusiastic student , or hinder their ability to learn better languages later .
Still , it ’s worth thinking about , should you be thinking of learning to program , or are planning to teach it .
Java was the language chosen by my professor , Lynn Andrea Stein , for my first programming course at Olin , and I think it was a good one .
It has a consistent , powerful object model , and its structure encourages good practice .
And so , after a single term with Java , I was convinced .
But Java was n’t the last language to wow me .
Several years later , a new professor ( Allen Downey ) arrived , and decided to teach programming in Python .
I did n’t take his course , but I did talk to him about it .
Python made a big splash across our close - knit group of engineers , and quickly became my favorite language to program in .
I ’ll take the liberty to copy what he says in his course notes :
Why Python ?
1 ) Python is a great first language
pleasant syntax
not too many exceptions
for many tasks , there is one ( natural ) solution , rather than an unnecessary choice
2 ) but it ’s also powerful
can handle large programs
has lots of features and libraries
some friendly languages are limited to small , “ toy ” programs
By “ pleasant ” or “ friendly ” I think he means that Python syntax is often more intuitive ( for English - speakers , anyway ) .
It ’s often easier to figure out what a Python code - fragment does , even if you do n’t know the language well .
This may not cause problems for professionals , who presumably do know the language well , but it ’s an important consideration for beginners .
Consider the following blocks of code :
Python :
phrase = " I am Jack 's Colon . " count = 0 for letter in phrase : if letter == " a " : count = count + 1 print count
Java :
String phrase = " I am Jack 's Colon . " ; int count = 0 ; for ( Character letter : phrase.toCharArray ( ) ) { if ( letter == ' a ' ) { count ++ ; } } System.out.println( count ) ;
The Python is just less cluttered with things which do n’t have intuitive meaning ( things like the “ for ( : ) ” construction and “ ++ , ” and … you get the idea ) .
Do n’t get me wrong , I think Java is a great language too , but Python is certainly friendlier .
( July 28th : Edited above code based on comments ; thanks Christoph & tgdavis .
As other commenters have pointed out , there are more compact ways to accomplish this task in either language–but I ’m just trying to explain what it means for syntax to be “ friendly , ” and so am trying to write an example that does the same thing in roughly the same way . )
There ’s an intimidation factor involved , especially when teaching things that stretch students beyond what they know .
For beginners , convincing them that understanding programming is within their ability is important .
Programming is not difficult ( at least , not at a beginner ’s level ) , but our society is surprisingly tolerant , occasionally laudatory , of people who say things like “ I ca n’t understand computers , ” or “ I ’m not smart enough to do programming . ”
That makes it really easy for students to give up on programming if they get too frustrated at the early stage .
I ’m not saying that we need to make our courses easy — students are smart enough to see through that .
They do n’t want to be spoon - fed or patronized , they want to feel comfortable … most of all capable with programming .
It ’s important that the path from “ Hello World ” to some kind of real power is as uncluttered as possible .
From that point , they ’re hooked .
Or at least realize that they ca n’t get off the hook by claiming they ’re not smart enough .
Shawn specifically asked me if I thought it was a good idea for him to teach in PHP , since wanted to teach them to build internet applications .
I think internet programming is really exciting , and a very relevant teaching ground for programming .
Doing interesting things with web pages is accessible to beginners , and lets them do things that they might find actually useful .
It ’s not often that pedagogical and practical problems have as much overlap as they do in this sphere .
While I wholeheartedly endorse internet programming as a good place to do examples and assignments , I can’t really recommend PHP as a teaching language .
In the first place , I do n’t think PHP enjoys any particular claim to fame as the language of choice for internet programming , and in the second I think Java and Python have strengths as general languages which make them better suited for elementary concepts and examples .
While PHP is used almost exclusively for internet programming , the reverse is definitely not true .
I ’d venture to say that there will be plenty of opportunity for internet programming ( especially at a beginner ’s level ) almost irregardless of the language chosen .
Unfortunately , PHP is comparatively less capable for more general programming tasks .
Java and Python code can be written and easily run on students own machines without the need for a webserver .
They also both have large built - in libraries of well - documented , consistently designed classes which make it easy to incorporate relatively sophisticated behaviours like graphics and network communications .
While there are plenty of PHP libraries out there , they are not all well - designed or well - documented .
Again , I do n’t think PHP is a bad language –just not a good choice for teaching .
Some colleagues in my research group also point out that FORTRAN , for example , has intuitive syntax .
I can’t , however , recommend languages that are not object - oriented .
Object - oriented programming ( OOP ) is simply too important a paradigm in modern programming to not introduce it from the start .
It encourages good programming practice as well as scoping and modularization — all of which are fundamental concepts to writing elegant and maintainable software .
Allen Downey , the professor from Olin , has written and released textbooks for introductory programming in Java and Python .
They are free , released under GNU Free Documentation License , so you can download PDFs of the books to distribute , or print your own copy .
The Python one ( Think Python ) is also being published by Cambridge University Press , should you desire a hardcovers .
The Java one was updated this year , and specifically addresses the AP syllabus .
At 8:45 a.m. on the last business day of the month , you can forward the Chicago Business Barometer to whomever you like .
But if you hit " send " just three minutes early ?
See you in federal court .
That 's the lesson that TradeTheNews.com is learning after it was hit by a complaint in federal court last Tuesday that alleges that the financial news site violated copyright law by republishing some unspecified portion of the financial activity report sometime between 8:42 and 8:43 a.m. Central time last May .
The plaintiff , Kingsbury International , surveys businesses nationally in order to compile monthly statistics of national economic activity .
It releases the report to the general public at 8:45 a.m. on the last day of every month .
But private subscribers can get the report at 8:42 a.m. , under the condition they do not then redistribute it for another 180 seconds .
Presumably , the breakdown of sales , inventory and order backlogs – all a part of the report 's namesake barometer of the economy – would give traders just enough knowledge to place quick and informed bets in the market before others get the same info .
But in May 2007 , Trade The News – a subscriber to Kingsbury 's service – intentionally broke the three - minute embargo by nearly instantly republishing some of the report to the Wall Street traders that subscribe to TTN 's online investment news service , according to the allegations in the complaint ( .pdf ) .
And now Kingsbury wants Chicago federal court judge to find that TTN violated the copyright law 's prohibition on unauthorized distribution .
The company seeks unspecified damages for economic loss , as well as a fine to make an example of TTN .
If Trade The News actually did simply instantly forward on the entire report to its subscribers , the case would likely be a pretty clear copyright infringement story , with a twist about the value of information 's timing in the internet age .
But suppose instead of republishing the charts and graphs and sub-categories of information , TTN simply reported that the Chicago Business Barometer rose in May to 64.7 from 57.5 in April ?
Can you prohibit distribution of a fact via copyright ?
What if TTN printed the graphs with the facts , but did n't publish any of the commentary ?
Can you prohibit distribution of a graph via copyright ?
Or is a graph just a set of facts in a box ?
TTN did not immediately return a message seeking comment .
Via Courthouse News
A growing chorus of discontent suggests that the once - revered doctor - patient relationship is on the rocks .
The relationship is the cornerstone of the medical system  nobody can be helped if doctors and patients are n’t getting along .
But increasingly , research and anecdotal reports suggest that many patients do n’t trust doctors .
About one in four patients feel that their physicians sometimes expose them to unnecessary risk , according to data from a Johns Hopkins study published this year in the journal Medicine .
And two recent studies show that whether patients trust a doctor strongly influences whether they take their medication .
The distrust and animosity between doctors and patients has shown up in a variety of places .
In bookstores , there is now a genre of “ what your doctor wo n’t tell you ” books promising previously withheld information on everything from weight loss to heart disease .
Language : Asturianu ( ast ) Català ( ca ) Čeština ( cs ) Dansk ( da ) Deutsch ( de ) English ( en ) Español ( es ) Euskara ( eu ) Français ( fr ) Gàidhlig ( gd ) Galego ( gl ) Italiano ( it ) Lietuvių ( lt ) Magyar ( hu ) Nederlands ( nl ) Norsk ( no ) Polski ( pl ) Português [ do Brasil ] ( pt- br ) Português [ Europeu ] ( pt ) Slovenčina ( sk ) Slovenščina ( sl ) Suomi ( fi ) Svenska ( sv ) Türkçe ( tr ) Tiếng Việt ( vi ) Ελληνικά ( el ) български език ( bg ) Русский ( ru ) Cрпски [ ћирилицом ] ( sr ) עברית ( he ) हिन्दी ( hi ) ភាសាខ្មែរ ( km ) தமிழ் ( ta ) ภาษาไทย ( th ) 简体中文 ( zh - cn ) 正體中文 ( zh - tw ) 日本語 ( ja ) 한국어 ( ko )
Python - UNO bridge
IMPORTANT : Workarounds for pyuno problems in OOo3.0.0
( windows only )
The python scripting framework ( scripts within openoffice via Extras / Macro / ) does not work , when you have a python 2.3 installed on your windows system ( more precisly , when there exists a python23.dll in your windows / system32 directory ) .
You can work around it for now by copying Basis \program \python23.dll to program\ .
beside the soffice .bin executable .
This forces the soffice process to load the correct library beside the office process .
( 94993 ) ( windows only )
When you try to connect to a running office process , you get __main__.com.sun.star.connection.NoConnectException : Connector could n't connect to socket ( WSANOTINITIALISED , WSAStartup ( ) has not been called )
You can workaround this , by placing a import socket in the top of your script ( 95028 ) ( windows only )
The python program crashes or you get an attribute error AttributeError : getCurrentComponent ( or some other attribute )
This is because the types could not be loaded due to changes in the uno bootstrapping mechanism .
You can work around it for now by setting the URE_BOOTSTRAP variable ( adapt to your installation path , replace every space with a % 20 , change \ to / ) .
set URE_BOOTSTRAP =file:///C:/Program%20
Files/OpenOffice.org%203/program/fundamental.ini and run python .
Alternatively , you can set URE_BOOTSTRAP=fundamental.ini when your current working directory is beside the python executable .
( 95024 ) ( windows only )
Interactive mode in python does not work correctly
When you start the python executable without parameters , the interactive session runs somewhat fuzzy ( at least on my machine ) .
When you get the prompt >>>> , everything you type will be interpreted as a shell command .
When you then just press return , you are prompted with your current working directory , here you can place a python command , so in short , you have to press return 2 times after every python command ( 95037 ) . ( unix only ) , you need to set LD_LIBRARY_PATH correctly before starting the python executable , eg. export set LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH :../../openoffice.org/ure/lib:../../openoffice.org/basis3.0/program ./ python
Contents
Translations
There are some problems with pyuno in OOo3.0.0 ( in particular with the python executable ) .
Here the known problems and the workarounds for the moment .-- PyUNO Installation -- PyUNO Bridge Modes --
More examples -- UNO type mapping -- Implementing UNO objects -- Implementing UNO components --
Out parameter handling -- Exception handling -- current context support ( since OOo 2.0.2 ) -- unohelper module -- logging ( since OOo 2.0.2 ) --
Implementing UNO components with multiple source files ( since OOo 2.4 ) FAQ ( read this FIRST when you have problems )
Find here a shortened Spanish version of this document .
Introduction
The Python - UNO bridge allows to
use the standard OpenOffice.org API from the well known python scripting language .
to develop UNO components in python , thus python UNO components may be run within the OpenOffice.org process and can be called from Java , C++ or the built in StarBasic scripting language .
create and invoke scripts with the office scripting framework ( OOo 2.0 and later ) .
You can find the most current version of this document from http://udk.openoffice.org/python/python-bridge.html
Download
You can also download this documentation for offline work .
Download pyuno - doc.zip ( less than 0.5 MB ) .
State
The Python - UNO bridge is feature complete , but has not been used extensively , so it may contain some bugs .
It is now integrated in the OpenOffice.org source trees .
( OpenOffice.org 1.0.x is not supported . )
The documentation in its current state is targeted at developers who have already some experience with OpenOffice.org API and with some other programming language ( Java / C++/ StarBasic ) .
It is recommended that you read that some background information from the developer manual before looking at the specifics of python .
PyUNO tutorial for OpenOffice.org
PyUNO Installation
PyUNO bridge modes
This tutorial shows , how the PyUNO bridge can be used to automate OpenOffice.org .
This is not an OpenOffice.org tutorial , there is lots of resources available in the office development kit and the developer manual Since OpenOffice1.1 , PyUNO is included in the default installation .
PyUNO can be used in three different modes :
Inside the OpenOffice.org process within the scripting framework ( OOo 2.0 and later only !! ) ,
Inside the python executable ( and outside the OOo process )
Use this mode , when you begin to use PyUNO ( as it is the more intuitive approach ) .
want to trigger script execution by starting a separate process ( e.g. a cgi-script within a http - server ) .
want the shortest turnaround times ( code - execute - code - execute ... )
Hello World Make sure , that OpenOffice.org is not running ( note that on windows you must also terminate the quick starter in the system tray at the right bottom of your desktop ) .
Start a system shell ( cmd on Win NT / 2000 / XP , command on Win9x , tcsh or bash on Unix ) .
Switch to the Office program directory ( e.g. C : \Program Files\OpenOffice.org1.1\program ) and start the office with the following command line parameters c:\ Program Files\OpenOffice1.1\program > soffice " - accept=socket,host=localhost,port=2002 ;urp ; " Now use your favourite text editor to create the following hello_world .
py sample program : import socket # only needed on win32 - OOo3.0.0 import uno # get the uno component context from the PyUNO runtime localContext = uno.getComponentContext ( ) # create the UnoUrlResolver resolver = localContext.ServiceManager.createInstanceWithContext( " com.sun.star.bridge.UnoUrlResolver " , localContext ) # connect to the running office ctx = resolver .
resolve ( " uno:socket,host=localhost , port=2002;urp;StarOffice.ComponentContext " ) smgr = ctx.
ServiceManager # get the central desktop object desktop = smgr.createInstanceWithContext ( " com.sun.star.frame.Desktop " , ctx ) # access the current writer document model = desktop.getCurrentComponent ( ) # access the document 's text property text = model .
Text # create a cursor cursor = text.createTextCursor ( ) # insert the text into the document text.insertString ( cursor , " Hello World " , 0 ) #
Do a nasty thing before exiting the python process .
In case the # last call is a oneway call ( e.g. see idl - spec of insertString ) , # it must be forced out of the remote - bridge caches before python # exits the process .
Otherwise , the oneway call may or may not reach # the target object .
#
I do this here by calling a cheap synchronous call ( getProperty Value ) .
ctx.ServiceManager
Now start the above script with the python script located in the program directory c:\ Program Files\OpenOffice1.1\program > .\ python hello_world .py
Note :
You must use the script / batch file in the program directory to start python , simply starting the python executable in the runtime directory ( or from python installation installed somewhere else on your machine ) will not work .
This scripts prints " Hello World " into the current writer document .
Inside the OpenOffice.org ( OOo ) process
Use this mode , when you want to easily roll out your code to multiple other machines ( using UNO packages )
your scripts shall get triggered by UI events ( menu or toolbars )
you have collected some experience with PyUNO
you want your script to run with the best performance Hello World
The above Hello World example is now recoded as a python UNO component , which means , that the code that does the insertion needs to be embedded in a python class .
Additionally , the connecting - to - the - office - code needs to be replaced by a distinct entry point , which is used by the python loader to instantiate the python class .
hello_world_comp.py : import uno import unohelper from com.sun.star.task import XJobExecutor # implement a UNO component by deriving from the standard unohelper .
Base class # and from the interface (s ) you want to implement .
class HelloWorldJob ( unohelper .
Base , XJobExecutor ) : def __init__ ( self , ctx ) : # store the component context for later use self.ctx = ctx def trigger ( self , args ) : # note : args [ 0 ] == " HelloWorld " , see below config settings # retrieve the desktop object desktop = self.ctx.ServiceManager.createInstanceWithContext( " com.sun.star.frame.Desktop " , self.ctx ) # get current document model model = desktop.getCurrentComponent ( ) # access the document 's text property text = model .
Text # create a cursor cursor = text.createTextCursor ( ) # insert the text into the document text.insertString ( cursor , " Hello World " , 0 ) # pythonloader looks for a static g_ImplementationHelper variable g_ImplementationHelper = unohelper.ImplementationHelper ( ) # g_ImplementationHelper.addImplementation ( \ HelloWorldJob , # UNO object class " org.openoffice.comp.pyuno.demo.HelloWorld " , # implementation name # Change this name for your own # script ( " com.sun.star.task.Job " , ) , ) # list of implemented services # ( the only service )
The code needs to be linked to a user event .
This can be done e.g. with the following configuration settings : Addons.xcu : < ?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " UTF - 8 " ?> < oor :node xmlns:oor = " http://openoffice.org/2001/registry " xmlns:xs= " http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema " oor : name = " Addons " oor : package=" org.openoffice.Office " > < node oor : name = " AddonUI " > < node oor : name = " AddonMenu " > < node oor:name=" org.openoffice.comp.pyuno.demo.HelloWorld " oor : op =" replace " > < prop oor : name = " URL " oor : type = " xs:string " >
< value>service:org.openoffice.comp.pyuno.demo.HelloWorld?insert</value > </ prop > < prop oor : name= " ImageIdentifier " oor : type = " xs:string " >
< value>private:image/3216</value > </ prop > < prop oor : name = " Title " oor : type = " xs:string " > < value xml:lang= " en- US " >
Insert Hello World </ value > </ prop > </node > </node > </node > </oor:node >
Both files must be packaged up into a single zip file by using your favourite zip utility , e.g. infozip .
zip hello_world.zip Addons.xcu hello_world_comp.py adding : Addons.xcu ( deflated 55 % ) adding : hello_world_comp.py ( deflated 55 % )
This package can then be deployed into an OpenOffice.org installation using the pkgchk tool , which is located in the OOo program directory .
Note , that the office must have been stopped before installing the package .
Note :
Make sure , that the PYTHONPATH environment variable is NOT set when you start pkgchk or soffice ( see #i17339 # ) .
This may require , that you create a batch file for soffice on windows , unset PYTHONPATH in the system configuration or always start soffice from the shell with set PYTHONPATH= ( windows ) or unsetenv PYTHONPATH ( Unix tcsh shell ) .
c:\Program Files\OpenOffice.org1.1\program > pkgchk hello_world.zip c:\Program Files\OpenOffice.org1.1\program >
On success no output is given by the tool .
When OpenOffice.org starts there is a new menu entry ( see Tools / Additional Components / Insert Hello World ) .
Examples
ooextract.py
A command line tool , that extracts the text , html or pdf content from a StarWriter document and writes it to a different file or ( optionally ) prints it to stdout ( grep your office documents ) .
oomerge.py
A command line tool , that creates a new document by appending multiple single documents
swriter.py
A command line program , that fills a writer document with some text and tables .
swritercomp.py , swritercompclient.py
Same as above , but implemented as a python UNO component , so that it runs within the office process .
This shows the performance benefit of having scripts run within one process .
You must add the swritercomp.py program with the pkgchk tool ( see below ) to the office installation and can then use the swritercomp_client .py program to execute it .
Same as above , but implemented as a python UNO component , so that it runs within the office process .
This shows the performance benefit of having scripts run within one process .
biblioaccess.py
A command line program , that displays the contents of the biblio sample database that comes with OpenOffice.org .
python-tokencounter-calc-addin.oxt
Adds a function named tokencount to calc , which counts the number of words within a calc cell .
After adding the extension , the office must be restarted ( including terminating the quickstarter ) to make the function appear in the function list .
to calc , which counts the number of words within a calc cell .
After adding the extension , the office must be restarted ( including terminating the quickstarter ) to make the function appear in the function list .
Your example ( Please send more examples , so that they can be added here ) .
UNO Language binding
UNO
Type mapping
IDL datatype representation in python integer types ( byte , short , unsigned short , long , unsigned long , hyper , unsigned hyper Python internally knows only the C datatypes long and long long as integer types .
On most machines , a long is a 32 bit value while long long is a 64 bit value .
Values coming from UNO ( for instance the return value of a UNO method )
Values which have the type byte , short , unsigned short , long or unsigned long are converted to a python long value .
Values which have the type hyper or unsigned hyper are converted to a python long long .
Values going to UNO ( for instance the argument of a UNO method )
If there is a concrete type in the idl method signature , the value is converted to the concrete type ( in fact the invocation service does this work ) .
If the method signature just has an any , every integer value is converted to the smallest data type , where the value fits into and send to the UNO object ( so 5 becomes a byte , 150 becomes a short , 0x1f023 becomes a long and values larger than 0xffffffff become a hyper .
boolean Python internally has a boolean data type , which is derived from the integer type ( see http://python.org/peps/pep-0285.html ) .
There exists the singletons True and False , which pyuno uses to distinguish between integers and boolean values .
As long as a boolean is specified in the interface method signature , you may also use numbers .
In the following example , all calls are valid : #idl signature void takeBool ( [ in ] boolean bool ) unoObject.takeBool ( 1 ) # valid , passing true ( PyUNO runtime # does the conversion unoObject.takeBool ( True ) ) # valid , passing true unoObject.takeBool ( False ) # valid , passing false
However , when you want to explicitly pass a boolean , where only an any is specified , you must use True or False .
# idl signature void foo ( [ in ] any value ) # implementation expects a boolean ( which is separately documented # e.g. in the service specification .
unoObject.foo(
True ) # valid , pass a true unoObject .
foo( 1 ) # bad , just passing a 1 , implementation will # probably not be able to deal with it correctly .
Note :
There also exists the uno .
Bool class , which has been deprecated since pyuno 0.9.2 , but still supported .
Do n't use it anymore .
string
In general , the string is mapped to the python Unicode string .
However , you may pass an 8 bit python string where a UNO string is expected , the bridge converts the 8 bit string to a Unicode string using the system locale .
# idl signature foo( [ in ] string value ) # both lines are valid unoObject .
foo( u'my foo string ' ) unoObject.foo ( ' my foo string ' ) char A char is mapped to a uno .
Char .
It has a public Unicode string member value with length 1 containing the Unicode char .
# idl signature foo( [ in ] char c ) unoObject.foo ( uno . Char ( u'h ' ) ) # valid unoObject.foo ( ' h' ) # wrong enum A concrete enum value is represented by an instance of the class uno .
Enum .
It has two members , typeName is a string containing the name of the enum type and value contains the value of the enum .
You may create concrete enum values in two ways ( suggested ) by importing
from enumname import enumvalue .
For example : from com.sun.star.uno.TypeClass import UNSIGNED_LONG
. . . unoObject.setValue( UNSIGNED_LONG ) if unoObject.getValue( ) == UNSIGNED_LONG : . . ( in rare situations )
import uno unoObject.setValue ( uno. Enum ( " com.sun.star.uno.TypeClass " , " UNSIGNED_LONG " ) ) if unoObject.getValue( ) == uno .
Enum ( " com.sun.star.uno.TypeClass " , " UNSIGNED_LONG " ) : . . .
The first solution has the advantage , that a misspelled enum name already leads to a RuntimeException , when the python source file is imported .
type A type is mapped to a uno .
Type .
It has public members typeName ( string ) and typeClass ( enum value of com.sun.star.uno.TypeClass ) .
There exists a function uno.getTypeByName( ) to easily create a type instance , the functions raises a RuntimeException in case the type is unknown .
You may create concrete type values in two ways ( suggested ) by importing
from module - where - type - lives - in import typeOfTypeName .
For example to create XComponent 's type , use from com.sun.star.lang import typeOfXComponent . . . unoObject.setType( typeOfXComponent ) if unoObject.getType( ) == typeOfXComponent : . . ( in rare situations , e.g. for types of simple values ) import uno unoObject.setType( uno.getTypeByName( " com.sun.star.uno.XComponent " ) ) if unoObject.getType( ) == uno.getTypeByName( " com.sun.star.uno.XComponent " ) : . . . struct ( and exception )
For each UNO struct ( or exception ) , a new python class is generated on the fly .
It is guaranteed , that there is only one instance of the struct ( or exception ) class per python interpreter instance .
The generated class does reflect the inheritance hierarchy of the concrete UNO type ( e.g. important for exception handling , see below ) .
One can generate a struct class by using the import mechanism .
An instance of a struct can then be instantiated by using the python constructor .
The constructor supports zero arguments ( members get default constructed ) , 1 argument which the same type ( copy constructor ) , and n arguments , where n is the number of elements of the concrete struct .
The struct supports the equality operator , two structs are equal , if they are of the same type and each member is equal .
Example : from com.sun.star.beans import PropertyValue from com.sun.star.uno import Exception , RuntimeException propVal = PropertyValue ( ) # Default constructor propVal .
Name = " foo " propVal .
Value = 2 if propVal == PropertyValue ( " foo " , 2 ) : # Memberwise constructor # true !
pass if propVal == PropertyValue ( propVal ) : # Copy Constructor # true
An instance of a UNO struct can be initially constructed with the function uno.createUnoStruct ( ) and passing the name of the struct as the first parameter and optional constructor arguments ( see above for an example of possible ctors ) .
ATTENTION : In UNO , structs have value semantic , however the handling in python does not reflect this .
When a struct gets passed as a parameter to a function , the values are passed to the callee .
Later modification of the struct instance does not influence the callee anymore .
However , simply assigning a struct to another local variable does not create a copy , but simply creates an alias to the original instance .
struct = uno.createUnoStruct ( " com.sun.star.beans.PropertyValue " ) struct .
Name = " foo " struct2 = struct struct2 .
Name = " python " # modifies also struct , probably not desired ! unoObject.call ( struct , struct2 ) # passes the same struct 2 times !
struct .
Name = " doobidooo " # even worse style .
If the UNO object is implemented # in python , you possibly modify the callee 's value .
#
Do n't do this !
sequence A sequence is in general mapped to a python tuple .
A python list is not (! ) accepted . # idl signature XInterface createInstanceWithArguments ( # [ in ] string servicename , [ in ] sequence < any > ) doc = smgr.createInstanceWithArguments ( " foo.service " , ( " arg1 " , 2 ) ) Attention ( since 0.9.2 ) : The idl sequence < byte > is mapped to the class uno .
ByteSequence .
It has a string member named value , which holds the data of the byte sequence .
As the bytesequence most often is a container for binary data , this class allows to handle binaries efficiently .
This also embeds pyuno nicely into python , as python keeps binary data in strings .
For example : # idl signature writeBytes ( [ in ] sequence %lt ; byte > data ) # out.writeBytes ( uno.ByteSequence ( " abc " ) ) # you could also write the following begin = uno .
ByteSequence ( " ab " ) out.writeBytes ( begin + " c " ) # but this does not work ! out.writeBytes ( " abc " ) # ERROR , no implicit conversion supported by the runtime !
# idl signature long readBytes ( [ out ] sequence < byte > , [ in ] length ) len , seq = in.readBytes ( dummy , 3 ) # the statements do the same thing print seq == " abc " : print seq == uno .
ByteSequence ( " abc " ) constants
An UNO idl constant can be given by the following ways :
Use the concrete value specified in the idl file
A constant is its value and only its value .
As modification of the constant values is incompatible , one may simply rely on the values .
( suggested )
Use the import mechanism to create variable with the constant name
This solution is the most readable one .
Use uno.getConstantByName ( )
Might be useful from time to time .
Function raises a RuntimeException in case the constant is unknown .
from com.sun.star.beans.PropertyConcept import ATTRIBUTES
. . . # the following 3 lines are equivalent unoObject.setConcept( ATTRIBUTES ) unoObject.setConcept( 4 ) unoObject.setConcept( uno.getConstantByName( " com.sun.star.beans.PropertyConcept.ATTRIBUTES
" ) ) any
In general , the python programmer does not come into touch with anys .
At all places where anys appear in method signatures , the python programmer can simply pass a concrete value .
Consequently , return values or out parameters also never contain a concrete any .
However , there are certain circumstances , where a python programmer may want to pass a concrete typed value to a callee ( note , this is only possible for ' bridged ' calls , you can't pass a typed any to another python uno object ) .
You can create a uno .
Any ( ) by passing the type ( as typename or as uno .
Type ) and the value .
# constructs a uno .
Any , that contains a byte byteAny = uno .
Any ( " byte " , 5 ) # constructs a sequences of shorts byteAny = uno .
Any ( " [ ] short " , ( 4,5 ) )
These anys can only be used in conjunction with the uno.
invoke , which allows to invoke a method on an arbitrary UNO object with a typed any .
# the normal call uno.setPropertyValue( " foo " , ( 4,5 ) ) # the uno.invoke call uno.invoke ( obj , " setPropertyValue " , ( " foo " , uno . Any ( " [ ] short " , ( 4,5 ) ) ) )
When obj is a bridged object , the callee gets the sequence as a sequence < short > .
When obj is a local python object , it gets simply the ( 4,5 ) as it would have got it with the normal call .
NOTE : There is currently a bug in pyuno ( see #i31159 # ) , which does not let you fill anys into structs ( e.g. a Property Value struct contains an any ) .
You can workaround this with the following code sample : import uno ctx = uno.getComponentContext ( ) class MagicTransformer : def __init__ ( self , ctx ) : self.inv = ctx.ServiceManager.createInstanceWithContext( " com.sun.star.script.Invocation " , ctx ) self.insp = ctx.ServiceManager.createInstanceWithContext( " com.sun.star.beans.Introspection " , ctx ) def transform ( self , struct , propName , value ) : myinv = self.inv.createInstanceWithArguments ( ( struct , ) ) access = self.insp.inspect ( myinv ) method = access.getMethod( " setValue " , - 1 ) uno.invoke ( method , " invoke " , ( myinv , ( propName , value ) ) ) method = access.getMethod( " getMaterial " , - 1 ) ret , dummy = method.invoke( myinv , ( ) ) return ret transformer = MagicTransformer ( ctx ) # by default , the 100 becomes a byte special = PropertyValue ( " TabStopPosition " , 0,100 , DIRECT_VALUE ) print " before " + str( special ) # however , we want the 100 to be a int32 ( which is a long in UNO idl ) special = transformer.transform ( special , " Value " , uno .
Any ( " long " , 100 ) ) print " after " + str( special )
The script gives you the following output :
before(com.sun.star.beans.PropertyValue ) {
Name = ( string ) " TabStopPosition " , Handle = ( long ) 0x0 , Value = ( any ) { ( byte ) 0x64 } , State = ( com.sun.star.beans.PropertyState ) DIRECT_VALUE
}
after(com.sun.star.beans.PropertyValue ) {
Name = ( string ) " TabStopPosition " , Handle = ( long ) 0x0 , Value = ( any ) { ( long ) 0x64 } , State = ( com.sun.star.beans.PropertyState ) DIRECT_VALUE
}
Implementing UNO objects
As you have seen , the core script lines are identical , but the ways to retrieve the office component context differ .
In the following you find the full description about how UNO features are mapped to the python language .
One may use python classes to implement UNO objects .
Instances of a python class may then be passed as argument to UNO calls where anys or concrete interfaces are specified .
To be an UNO object , a python class MUST implement the com.sun.star.lang.XTypeProvider interface by implementing two methods getTypes ( ) and getImplementationId ( ) , which inform the python - UNO bridge , which concrete UNO interfaces the python class implements .
The getTypes ( ) function defines , which interfaces are implemented by the class .
To make this easier , there exists a unohelper .
Base class , where a python UNO object should derive from .
You can then implement a UNO interface simply by deriving from the wanted interfaces .
The following example implements a com.sun.star.io.XOutputStream , which stores all data written into the stream within a ByteSequence .
( Note that this is quite a poor implementation , which is just for demonstration purposes ) .
import unohelper from com.sun.star.io import XOutputStream class SequenceOutputStream ( unohelper .
Base , XOutputStream ) : def __init__ ( self ) : self.s = uno. ByteSequence ( " " ) self.
closed = 0 def closeOutput ( self ) : self. closed = 1 def writeBytes ( self , seq ) : self .s = self.s + seq def flush ( self ) : pass def getSequence ( self ) : return self .s
Implementing Python UNO components
From the list of base classes given ( here only XOutputStream ) , the unohelper .
Base implementation correctly implements the XType Provider interface .
There exists a loader for python components .
It allows to create instances of python classes not just within the python process but in every arbitrary UNO process including OpenOffice.org .
The python loader loads the python runtime on demand if it is not already loaded and executes python code within the root python interpreter .
If the reader is unfamiliar with the component registration process , it should visit the OpenOffice.org developer manual for a comprehensive explanation .
The python loader currently supports the following protocols for incoming urls :
Protocol name Description vnd.openoffice.pymodule
The protocol dependent part is interpreted as a python module name , which is imported using the common python import mechanism ( which uses the PYTHONPATH environment variable ) .
Example : vnd.openoffice.pymodule:MyPythonComponent
Using this url e.g. in XLoader.activate ( ) will try to load a MyPythonComponent.py file from directories , which are listed within the PYTHONPATH environment / bootstrap variable .
Note that you must not use the .py suffix here .
The given module is added to the sys.modules hash map .
file A mandatory absolute file url to a python component file .
The file itself does not need to be contained within PYTHONPATH , but it may only import files , which are contained within PYTHONPATH .
The module is not added to sys.modules .
Example : file:///path/to/MyPythonComponent.py
Since OOo 2.4.x , you can import self written python files from your component ( see the multiple source file chapter ) vnd.sun.star.expand
The python loader supports the common macro expansion mechanisms as the Java or C++ loader does .
Example : vnd.sun.star.expand:$UNO_USER_PACKAGES_CACHE/MyPythonComponent.py
After the module has been imported , the python loader looks for a module - global variable with the name g_ImplementationHelper , which is expected to be an instance of unohelper .
ImplementationHelper .
The following sample code makes a uno component out of the above UNO object ( note that the component is not useful , because there is no UNO method to retrieve the tuple nor does a com.sun.star.io.
OutputStream service specification exist , it 's just here as an example ) .
import unohelper from com.sun.star.io import XOutputStream g_ImplementationHelper = unohelper.ImplementationHelper ( ) class TupleOutputStream ( unohelper .
Base , XOutputStream ) : #
The component must have a ctor with the component context as argument .
def __init__ ( self , ctx ) : self .t = ( ) self. closed = 0 # idl void closeOutput ( ) ; def closeOutput ( self ) : self . closed = 1 # idl void writeBytes ( [ in ] sequence < byte > seq ) ; def writeBytes ( self , seq ) : self .t = self .t + seq # simply add the incoming tuple to the member # idl void flush ( ) ; def flush ( self ) : pass # convenience function to retrieve the tuple later ( no UNO function , may # only be called from python ) def getTuple ( self ) : return self .t # add the TupleOutputStream class to the implementation container , # which the loader uses to register / instantiate the component .
g_ImplementationHelper.addImplementation ( \ TupleOutputStream , " org.openoffice.pyuno.PythonOutputStream " , ( " com.sun.star.io.OutputStream " , ) , )
Lets assume , that this code is stored in a file named tuplestrm.py and the file exists somewhere within the PYTHONPATH variable , it can be registered to an OO1.1 beta build with the following command :
regcomp - register - br types.rdb - br services.rdb -r services.rdb -c vnd.openoffice.pymodule:tuplestrm
You can of course also use the pkgchk tool as explained in the tutorial chapter with
pkgchk tuplestrm.py
, but note , that this command creates a copy of the file ( when the script changes , it must be redeployed using the above command ) .
The component can be instantiated e.g. from OpenOffice.org Basic with
tupleStrm = createUnoService ( " com.sun.star.io.OutputStream " ) tupleStrm.flush ( )
Out parameter handling
UNO out parameters are handled through the python multiple return value feature .
For pure outparameters , a dummy None value should be used as a place holder .
This is best explained with an example .
Lets ' assume we have the following IDL method spec
long foo ( [ in ] long first , [ inout ] long second , [ out ] third )
A python UNO object implements such a method the following way :
class Dummy ( XFoo ) : def foo ( self , first , second , third ) : # Note : the value of third is always None , but it must be there # as a placeholder if more args would follow !
return first , 2*second , second + first
ret , second , third = unoObject.foo( 2 , 5 , None ) print ret , second , third # results into 2,10,7
then such a method would be called from python the following way
This also emphasizes , that out - parameters are quite close to multiple return values ( though the semantic association of a inout parameter gets lost ) .
However , note that
you must have the correct number of return values either in the calling and implementing code , otherwise you will get a RuntimeException during the call .
during the call .
a void method always returns a None followed by possible out parameters , so when you have a void method with one out parameter you must assign the output to two variables ( though the first one will always be None ) .
followed by possible out parameters , so when you have a void method with one out parameter you must assign the output to two variables ( though the first one will always be None ) .
a python object implementing a void method with out parameters MUST always return None as the first parameter .
Exception handling
The Python - UNO bridge uses the common Python exception handling mechanism .
For every UNO exception , a concrete exception class is generated on the fly ( see above type mapping table for an explanation how to do this ) .
Example for catching
from com.sun.star.uno import RuntimeException from com.sun.star.lang import IllegalArgumentException from com.sun.star.connection import NoConnectException try : uuresoler.resolve( " uno:socket,host=localhost,port=2002;urp;StarOffice.ComponentContext " ) except NoConnectException e : print " The OpenOffice.org process is not started or does not listen on the resource ( " +e. Message + " ) " except IllegalArgumentException e : print " The url is invalid ( " + e. Message + " ) " except RuntimeException e : print " An unknown error occurred : " + e. Message
Example for throwing
from com.sun.star.io import IOException class TupleOutputStream( XOutputStream , unohelper .
Base ) : def writeBytes ( self , seq ) : if self .
closed : raise IOException ( " Output stream already closed " , self ) self .t = self .t + seq
current context support
NEW SINCE OOo 2.0.2
pyuno supports the uno current context concept .
There exist the functions uno.getCurrentContext ( ) und uno.setCurrentContext ( newContext ) .
Furthermore , there exists a class unohelper .
CurrentContext .
The constructor accepts a hashmap with name / value pairs and the former context for delegation .
Usage pattern :
oldContext = uno.getCurrentContext ( ) try : uno.setCurrentContext ( unohelper.CurrentContext ( oldContext , {" My42 " :42} ) ) # ... do some uno calls , which may interpret the " My42 " finally : uno.setCurrentContext ( oldContext )
unohelper module
( Note , the oldContext may also be None ) .
The unohelper .py module contains some extra functions / classes , which are nice to use with pyuno , but not mandatory .
This paragraph lists some of the unohelper .py features .
def systemPathToFileUrl ( systemPath )
Returns a file - url for the given system path .
Most of the OOo API functions expect a file - url , while the python runtime functions in general only work with system paths .
The function is implemented using the core C function osl_getFileUrlFromSystemPath( ) . def fileUrlToSystemPath ( url )
Returns a system path ( determined by the system , the python interpreter is running on ) .
Most OOo function return a file - url , while most python runtime functions expect system paths .
The function is implemented by using the core osl_getSystemPathFromFileUrl( ) function .
def absolutize ( path , relativeUrl )
Returns an absolute file url from a given , mandatory absolute , directory url and a relative file url , which may be absolute or relative ( which includes e.g. ../ parts .
The function is implemented by using the core osl_getAbsolutePathFromFileUrl( ) function .
def addComponentsToContext ( toBeExtendedContext , contextRuntime , componentUrls , loaderName )
This functions adds a tuple of component urls to the toBeExtendedContext using the contextRuntime to instantiate the loader loaderName and some other services needed for this task .
After completing the function , all services within these components can be instantiated as long as the toBeExtendedContext is not disposed .
The changes are not made persistent .
def inspect ( unoobject , file )
Dumps the typeinformation about the given UNO object into a file ( in fact , file needs to be an instance of a class , that implements a write method ) .
The typeinformation include implementation name , supported services , supported interfaces , supported methods and supported properties .
Logging
NEW SINCE OOo 2.0.2
The pyuno bridge can now log every call bridged between python and uno .
This may be a useful help when you need to debug or profile your code .
There are two environment variables , which activate logging :
PYUNO_LOGLEVEL
Valid values are NONE - nothing is logged
CALL - the method name of every call is logged
ARGS - additionally , the arguments of every call are logged NONE is default PYUNO_LOGTARGET stdout - logs to stdout ( doesnt work on windows within OpenOffifce.org )
stderr - logs to stderr ( doesnt work on windows within OpenOffifce.org )
file - url - prefix ( relative urls allowed ) - logs to files , which start with this string .
The pid of the process is appended to the string ( e.g. file:///c:/temp/bla will write to c:\temp\bla.235 if 235 is the pid of the current process )
( Since OOo 2.4 ) Implementing UNO components with multiple source files
Before the pythonloader tries to load a new python unocomponent , it looks beside the uno component for a file with the name pythonpath.zip or a directory named pythonpath .
If it exists , it puts it into sys.path ( if it is not already in there ) and then tries to load the given component .
Note , that the unocomponent file itself is not within PYTHONPATH and thus cannot be reimported by other modules .
This now means that python uno components can be implemented with an arbirtrary number of python source files which can be deployed / undeployed via the uno package mechanism .
It also means , that you can now use the unohelper .
Base implementation even if you have defined your own interface types ( by lazy loading the new types so that they do n't get used during registration process ) .
import uno import unohelper def createInstance ( ctx ) : # pythonpath/org/openoffice/comp/addin/sample/python/tokencounter.py contains the component implementation # TokenCounter uses a new type , importing it at the top of this file # leads to a failure during adding the extension to OOo .
createInstance does not get called # during registration import org.openoffice.comp.addin.sample.python.tokencounter return org.openoffice.comp.addin.sample.python.tokencounter.TokenCounter( ctx ) # pythonloader looks for a static g_ImplementationHelper variable g_ImplementationHelper = unohelper.ImplementationHelper( ) g_ImplementationHelper.addImplementation ( \ createInstance , " org.openoffice.comp.addin.sample.python.TokenCounter " , ( " com.sun.star.sheet.AddIn " , ) , )
Have a look at the sample calc addin to see how it works .
Note that there are some negative side effects :
code added through this mechanism can only be changed with a restart of the office process ( as it got added to sys.modules ) .
This is especially limitation for script developers .
two independend uno packages from different developers may interfere each other , when they have name clashes in their code ( e.g. same 3rd party product , but different versions ) .
if such a situation occurs , in general the last used component will not work properly ( which one is the last used component may also depend on the path of user interactions in the office process )
Dependencies
This chapter is most interesting for people who want to use the Python - UNO bridge independently from OpenOffice.org .
Unlike the Java or C++ UNO binding , the python UNO binding is not self contained .
It requires the C++ UNO binding and additional scripting components .
These additional components currently live in the shared libraries typeconverter.uno , invocation.uno , corereflection.uno , introspection.uno , invocadapt.uno , proxyfac.uno , pythonloader.uno ( on windows typeconverter.uno.dll , ... ; unix typeconverter.uno.so , ... ) .
Often , the components for setting up an interprocess connection are also required .
These are uuresolver.uno , connector.uno , remotebridge.uno , bridgefac.uno shared libraries .
The path environment variables ( LD_LIBRARY_PATH on Unix , PATH on Windows ) must point to a directory , where the core UNO libraries , the above listed components and the pyuno shared library is located .
( On Unix , there exists two files : libpyuno .
so containing the code and a pyuno . so which is needed for importing a native python module ) .
Additionally , the python module uno.py , unohelper.py and pythonloader .py must be located in a directory , which is listed in the PYTHONPATH environment variable .
Bootstrapping pyuno from the python executable
When the uno module gets first imported from an arbitrary python script , it must bootstrap a properly prepared UNO component context .
# bootstraps the uno component context import uno # retrieve the already bootstrapped component context unoContext = uno.getComponentContext ( )
As the python programmer can't ( and probably does n't want to ) give parameters while importing a module , the python - uno binding uses the pyuno[ rc|.ini ] file located beside the pyuno shared library to bootstrap the UNO context ( see uno bootstrap variable concept ) .
The bootstrap variables UNO_SERVICES must point to a registry file where the components , given above , were registered .
PYUNOLIBDIR is a special bootstrap variable , which contains the path to the currently used pyuno shared library .
Example :
# The bootstrap variable PYUNOLIBDIR will be set by the pyuno runtime library UNO_TYPES=$ PYUNOLIBDIR/types.rdb UNO_SERVICES=$PYUNOLIBDIR/pyuno_services.rdb
If the above preconditions are fulfilled , the script can simply be started with
$ python myscript.py
Sometimes it is preferable to mention the librarynames of the desired components directly within the script instead of preparing a registry ( however note that the above mentioned bootstrap components always needs to be registered in a registry ) .
This can be achieved by using the function unohelper.addComponentsToContext ( toBeExtendedContext , contextRuntime , componentUrls , loaderName )
Example :
import uno import unohelper localContext = uno.getComponentContext ( ) unohelper.addComponentsToContext( localContext , localContext , ( " streams.uno " , ) , " com.sun.star.loader.SharedLibrary " ) pipe = localContext.ServiceManager.createInstanceWithContext ( " com.sun.star.io. Pipe " , localContext ) pipe.writeBytes ( uno.ByteSequence ( " abc " ) ) ret , seq = pipe.readBytes ( None , 3 )
Replacing the python runtime with your system 's python installation
OOo by default ships with the Python - 2.2.2 core runtime .
This is fine for most users , but some hackers ( or Linux distributors ) may want to replace the runtime with the python system 's installation , which may contain more optional packages that you want to use in python .
The replacement is a little complicated however you just need an installed python and office .
Windows
On windows , you can only use python - 2.2 .
If you want to use python - 2.3 , you must recompile the pyuno module with python - 2.3 ( see below )
Install OpenOffice.org
Install python 2.2
Use your favourite text editor ( e.g. notepad ) to open the file OpenOffice.org / program/pythonloader.uno.ini and modify the lines there to something like [ Bootstrap ] PYTHONHOME =file:///c:/python-2.3.4
PYTHONPATH=$PYTHONHOME/lib
$ ORIGIN
The path elements must be entered as absolute file urls ( note that you need to escape using url syntax , for example a space is represented by % 20 ) .
The PYTHONPATH must point to the root python library location and to OOo program directory .
Add other libraries as you need them ( space separated ) .
The path elements must be entered as absolute file urls ( note that you need to escape using url syntax , for example a space is represented by % 20 ) .
The PYTHONPATH must point to the root python library location and to OOo program directory .
Add other libraries as you need them ( space separated ) .
Rename the following files and directories in the OpenOffice.org / program directory to something else ( e.g. add a .orig suffix ) python.bat python22.dll python-core - 2.2.2
Start a cmd shell and add to the PATH variable both to python home directory and OpenOffice.org / program directory
Add to the PYTHONPATH environment variable the OpenOffice.org / program directory
Linux
On Linux , you can use both use python - 2.2 or python 2.3 , but when using the latter , you get a warning on stderr ( informing you about the version mismatch ) when starting python or the office , to avoid the warning , you need to rebuild pyuno with python - 2.3 ( see below ) , however I have n't noticed any difficulties because of the version mismatch .
You need a python configured with the - - enable - shared option .
When OOo and python were not built with the same gcc compiler version , you also need to rebuild python , because the default python uses some bad switches during linking .
To rebuild do LINKCC=gcc export LINKCC ./ configure -- enable - shared make su -c " make install "
Switch to the OpenOffice.org directory and move away the python runtime coming with OOo .
cd / path/to/openoffice.org/program mv libpython.so.2 libpython.so.2.orig mv python - core python-core.orig cp pythonloader.unorc pythonloader.unorc.orig ln -s /usr/local/lib/libpython2.3.so.1.0 libpython.so.2
Add the office / program directory to the LD_LIBRARY_PATH and PYTHONPATH variable .
Create the file pythonloader.unorc in the office / program directory .
[ Bootstrap ]
PYTHONHOME =file:///usr/local
PYTHONPATH=$PYTHONHOME/lib/python2.3 $ ORIGIN
The path elements must be entered as absolute file urls ( note that you need to use URL escape sequences for example replacing spaces with a % 20 ) .
The PYTHONPATH must point to the root python library location and to OOo program directory .
Add other libraries as you need them ( space separated ) .
Testing
You should now be able to start system 's python and type ' import uno ' .
If this works fine , use pkgchk to deploy your script , for example the above swritercomp.py in OpenOffice.org ( Tip : add a print sys.version to it ) .
If this works fine , python should work well in OpenOffice.org itself .
I did only some rudimentary tests , but I did n't notice any significant problems .
Let us know , if you have some .
Note that the Bibus project uses an extended python 2.2.2 with the wxPython / wxWindows extension for the GUI .
Rebuilding pyuno
setenv PYTHONPATH
/usr / local/lib/ python2.3:.:/usr/local/lib/python2.3/lib-dynload
You 'll need to install OOo buildenv to do this .
In the shell , replace the the PYTHONPATH variable properly , e.g .
Make sure , that system 's python is in the PATH variable .
Build the office ( or at least all components , pyuno depends on ) but leave out the python module .
In the pyuno module itself , you should only build pyuno / source / module , pyuno / source / loader and pyuno / test , leave out the zipcore directory .
You 'll need to modify the pyuno / source / module / makefile.mk and pyuno / source / loader/ makefile.mk .
Replace the CFLAGS+= line with CFLAGS+=-I/usr/local/include/python2.3 and all occurrences of - lpython with - lpython2.3 .
When the test runs fine , you can now replace pyuno . so , libpyuno .
so and pythonloader.uno.so in the office with your rebuilt version .
Regressiontests
Build testtools module and run cd testtools / source / bridgetest / pyuno && dmake runtest
Build installation sets and install openoffice .
Start program / python and type import uno ( should work without any errors ) .
( should work without any errors ) .
Start the office and add the pyuno_hello_world .zip from the above pyuno - doc.zip by using Tools / Package Manager .
Start Tools / Macros / Run macro/OpenOffice.org Macros/ pythonSamples/TableSample/createTable
External references
Python homepage http://www.python.org
The OpenOffice.org component model http://udk.openoffice.org
OpenOffice.org developer manual http://api.openoffice.org/DevelopersGuide/DevelopersGuide.html
Frequently Asked Questions
Why do I get a ' bus error ' when starting the hello - world - script on Solaris ?
There seems to be a corrupted version of the libpyuno .
so in the OpenOffice . or g1.1.0 installation set .
The reason is not yet clear , might be either a bug in pyuno code or a build error .
Please download libpyuno .so.gz to patch OOo1.1.0 version ( do not apply this patch on any other version than OOo1.1.0 Solaris sparc ! ) .
Why do I get a ' SystemError : pyuno runtime is not initialized , ...' when starting the script ?
Pyuno was not installed correctly ( OO1.1RC2 and earlier , fixed with RC3 ) .
Please check < openoffice - install >/ program $ ls - c1d py * pyunorc pythonloader .py pythonloader.unorc python python.sh python - core python - core - 2.2.2 pythonloader.uno.so pyuno.so
Under certain circumstances , it may occur , that the following ini files are missing pyunorc ( or pyuno.ini on windows ) : [ Bootstrap ] UNO_TYPES=$ORIGIN/types.rdb
UNO_SERVICES=$ORIGIN/services.rdb pythonloader.unorc ( or pythonloader.unorc on windows ) : [ Bootstrap ] PYTHONHOME=$ORIGIN / python-core PYTHONPATH=$ORIGIN / python-core/lib
$ ORIGIN / python-core/lib/lib-dynload $ ORIGIN
Simply cut and paste them into a text editor to create them .
Under certain circumstances , it may occur , that the following ini files are missing
There have been reported some failures with the above error message , which have not been resolved yet .
You may want to follow # i17339 # .
Why do I get a ' SystemError : _PyImport_FixupExtension : module pyuno not loaded ' when starting the script ?
This generally happens when you still start the system 's python installation .
OpenOffice.org ships a python installation ( because python and the office must have been built with the identical compiler version ) .
Please check this with ' which python ' .
Simply use OpenOffice.org 's python with absolute path names , for example use /usr / local / OpenOffice.org1.1/program/python myscript.py .
Why do I get a " error : python - loader : ' No module named pythonloader ' " when running pkgchk with a python component ?
Make sure to unset PYTHONPATH and PYTHONHOME ( which you may have set , because you have another python installed on your system ) environment variables before running soffice AND pkgchk .
This is a workaround ,
We are currently thinking about a better solution .
Why do I get an error message ' msvcr70.dll or python22.dll not found ' when starting python ?
( or Why do I get an 'error while loading shared libraries : libstdc++.so.x ' ? )
You probably try to start python from the exe not the bat file , for example , c:\program files \OpenOffice.org1.1\program\python-runtime\bin\python.exe , but you have to use c:\program files \OpenOffice.org1.1\program\python.bat .
Why do I get 'PYTHONPATH =... is not an identifier ' when starting python ?
This is a bug in the python script which occurs with older bash shell versions .
Simply use a text editor to change the following lines in the OOo- install / program / python.sh script export PYTHONPATH = " $sd_prog " : " $sd_prog/python-core/lib " : " $sd_prog/python-core/lib/lib-dynload " : " $ PYTHONPATH " export PYTHONHOME = " $sd_prog " / python-core to PYTHONPATH = " $sd_prog " : " $sd_prog/python-core/lib " : " $sd_prog/python-core/lib/lib-dynload " : " $ PYTHONPATH " export PYTHONPATH PYTHONHOME = " $sd_prog " / python-core export PYTHONHOME
This bug is fixed with OOo 1.1.1 .
I already have python installed on my system , why does the office ship another python ?
Python itself is shipped with OpenOffice.org , because python must have been compiled with the same C++ compiler as the office itself on all platforms that use the gcc compiler ( e.g. Linux , BSD , etc . ) .
On most Unix platforms , no python shared libraries are available by default ( though some distributions do so ) .
This would have meant , that python UNO components cannot be executed within the office process .
Python component developers need a guaranteed minimum platform which they can rely on .
Recognition of a python runtime at the installation system would have been an extremely difficult and time consuming task becausemany different python installation schemes exist .
Packagers of OpenOffice.org will create their own packages , for example redhat or debian , without Python .
The standard distribution must run on low end systems .
Can I use system 's python installation ?
See here .
Why does my UNO component crash OpenOffice.org , while the sample UNO component runs fine ?
There is a known bug in the office , see #i13377 # , which was not fixed for OpenOffice.org1.1 .
The office in general crashes , when a python script leads to an unhandled exception ( for example an attribute error ) .
You may try to workaround this bug by adding a try : except : level in your trigger ( ) implementation , which dumps an error message to stdout / stderr , but sadly this will not help in all cases ( for example compilation failure for some reason , please follow the issue for further information ) .
Of course , there may be other reasons for a crash , you will only know , when you try to retrieve a native callstack ( for example by using gdb ) .
Why does n't Python 's xml parser ( expat ) or the zip module work for me ?
These libraries do n't yet get built for OOo1.1 .
This will change for OOo2.0 .
Alternatively you may use OpenOffice.org 's xml parser service ( see service com.sun.star.xml.sax .Parser ) or the zip content provider ( see http://ucb.openoffice.org).
Why does n't socket and sre module work in OOo1.1. python distribution on windows ?
This is a known bug on windows in the OOo1.1 build .
This should be fixed for OOo1.1.1 ( see issue 21281 ) .
It should work for the other platforms .
You can workaround this by downloading the official windows python distribution ( see http://www.python.org) and replacing the appropriate .pyd files in the OOo 's python installation .
The samples are running fine , but how do I get more information about the API ?
The semantics of the OpenOffice.org API is a very complex topic , which can't be discussed in this python document .
Try to gather information from other resources , especially from the developer manual ( see below ) .
Most examples in the devguide are in Java .
How do I translate them to python code ?
Most sample code you find there is written in Java .
It is easy to translate Java code to python , when you know the following differences :
In python you do n't need query Interface .
E.g. Java code like oInterface = ( XInterface ) oMSF.createInstance ( " com.sun.star.frame.Desktop " ) ; oCLoader = ( XComponentLoader ) UnoRuntime.queryInterface ( XComponentLoader.class , oInterface ) ; PropertyValue [ ] szEmptyArgs = new PropertyValue [ 0 ] ; aDoc = oCLoader.loadComponentFromURL ( " private : factory / swriter " , " _blank " , 0 , szEmptyArgs ) ; becomes in python simply oCLoader = oMSF.createInstance ( " com.sun.star.frame.Desktop " ) a Doc = oCLoader.loadComponentFromURL ( " private : factory / swriter " , " _blank " , 0 , ( ) ) You do n't need this intermediate oInterface variable anymore .
So the python code simplifies the example a lot , with a little training , you should n't have too many problems to translating Java to python code .
Why can't I call the print method ?
In python , ' print ' is a statement .
This basicly means there is no way to get a variable , method or anything else with this name .
For example the below code does not work : doc = desktop.loadComponentFromURL( infileurl , " _blank " , 0 , ( ) ) doc.storeAsURL(outfileurl , ( ) ) doc.print ( ( ) )
You can workaround the problem by using the uno.invoke ( ) function like below : uno.invoke(doc , " print " , ( ( ) , ) )
Why can't I do a replace on the ' Numbering Rules ' object ?
There are some places , where the loss in type safety leads to difficulties , as this issue shows http://www.openoffice.org/issues/show_bug.cgi?id=12504.
The problem here is , that the C++ implementation within the office expects a sequence < PropertyValue > , while the PyUNO runtime converts it to a sequence < any > , where each any contains a PropertyValue .
In my eyes , this is a bug within the C++ code .
However here is a workaround for pyuno that the python scripter can use .
See the sample below : import uno import unohelper localContext = uno.getComponentContext ( ) resolver = localContext.ServiceManager.createInstanceWithContext ( " com.sun.star.bridge.UnoUrlResolver " , localContext ) ctx = resolver.resolve ( " uno:socket,host=localhost , port=2002;urp;StarOffice.ComponentContext " ) smgr= ctx.ServiceManager desktop = smgr.createInstanceWithContext(" com.sun.star.frame.Desktop " , ctx ) doc = desktop.loadComponentFromURL(" private:factory/swriter " , " _blank " , 0 , ( ) ) style = doc.createInstance (" com.sun.star.style.NumberingStyle " ) family = doc.getStyleFamilies () .get ByName(' NumberingStyles ' ) family.insertByName(' List test ' , style ) rule = style.getPropertyValue(' NumberingRules ' ) level = rule.getByIndex(0 ) # the normal call would have been : # rule.replaceByIndex ( 0 , level ) # but this will end up in a exception # magic to pass the exact type to the callee uno .
invoke ( rule , " replaceByIndex " , ( 0 , uno .
Any ( " []com.sun.star.beans.PropertyValue " , level ) ) )
This is the only place , where the uno .
Any is used .
Using the uno .
Any in normal calls will lead to RuntimeExceptions .
A python uno object implementation will never receive an instance of uno .
Any ( ) as a incoming parameter , instead always the value within the is passed .
This solution looks really ugly , but it allows you to continue , where you otherwise could only give up or use to another implementation language .
How can I activate encoding is o8859 - 1 for OpenOffice.org 's python installation ?
Put a file called sitecustomize .
py somewhere in your PYTHONPATH containing : import sys sys.setdefaultencoding ('iso8859-1 ' ) ( or any other encoding you wish ) .
However , note that this is generally not such a good idea .
It would be much cleaner to do the necessary conversions explicitly in the code , for example using Unicode( x , ' iso8859 - 1 ' ) .
Known PyUNO extensions for OpenOffice.org
In case you have modified python or pyuno , you should at least run the following regression tests .
Packages listed here can be taken as a demo of what is possible with pyuno .
Let me know , if you are aware of other extensions using pyuno .
Title Link PyOOoBib -
The program will search library catalogs over the Internet for bibliographic records , you can select records and add them to the bibliographic database http://bibliographic.openoffice.org/servlets/NewsItemView?newsItemID=168 Thessalonica -
A tool to improve multilingual support in OOo http://www.thessalonica.org.ru/en
Bibus Bibliographic software http://bibus-biblio.sourceforge.net/ oood.py - A demon for OpenOffice.org
http://udk.openoffice.org/python/oood/index.html pyXray -
Debugging tool to visualize uno objects via the office toolkit http://www.indesko.org/en/downloads
Ponto -
A wrapper layer around writer documents
http://www.ham.nw.schule.de/pub/bscw.cgi/0/73468
http://ddi.cs.uni-dortmund.de/projekte/ponto
PyUNO needs YOU !
PyUNO is currently ( and will be in future ) maintained by myself in my spare time .
My main aim for pyuno is to provide a good integration of OpenOffice.org 's component model into python .
Some guys on dev@udk.openoffice.org demand to have a more feature rich python runtime in OpenOffice.org and an integration with the system 's python installation .
While this is an understandable demand , it is not one of my favourite topics to work on and it involves quite a lot of work .
As I also spend time on the creation of a postgresql driver for OpenOffice.org , there is simply no time left for this task .
So I am looking for other volunteers such as you to fill this gap .
In case you are interested , let me know via the dev@udk.openoffice.org mailing list or drop me a mail privately .
I currently see the following main tasks
Task Description Main ' challenges ' Raise OOo's python version to current python release OOo currently uses python 2.2.2 with OOo 1.1.x and python 2.3.4 , which is considerably old already .
Someone doing this will mainly spend time in the python module of the OpenOffice.org buildtree , where the python tarball gets extracted , patched and built .
This is a very platform dependent task , typically for Mac OS X you 'll need to do a lot of patches .
OOo build knowledge , port current OOo python patches to current python version , maintain the build for both Windows and Unix platforms
Add support zlib library ( and more ... )
Currently , OOo's python comes without these libraries which are missed a lot by python users .
Ideally , they should reuse the versions of zlib , which are already in the OOo source tree .
OOo build knowledge , continue to maintain the build for both Windows and Unix platforms Reintegrate OOo's patches to python into the python source tree ( if sensible ) A lot of patches get applied to the python source tarball , before it is built for OpenOffice.org .
You would need to review the patches and try to convince with the python code maintainers to integrate those patches ( if sensible ) into their source tree .
This will make life easier when upgrading to future python versions .
OOo build knowledge , understanding of the patches and discussion with the python community .
changes in python itself Real integration with the system 's python installation will only be possible , if python itself is modified .
Unix :
Is it really necessary , that the python executable is linked to libstdc ++ library ?
Shared library : python should be built by default as a shared library ( on all platforms , where this is possible ) .
Versioning : Python currently assumes , that native modules are built and run with identical python versions ( otherwise warnings are issued ) .
Newer python versions should guarantee binary backward compatibility for native modules built with older python versions .
Discuss with the python community .
PyUNO FAQ maintainer
A lot of good questions on pyuno have already been , and will be , answered in future in the dev@udk.openoffice.org ( or others ) mailing lists .
Someone should add it to the FAQ on this page .
Follow OpenOffice.org mailing lists and maintain this page in CVS .
Knowledge of simple html .
Authors
The UNO python bridge was initially created by Ralph Thomas and is now maintained by Joerg Budischewski .
Christian Zagrodnick sent in some very useful patches .
Many unmentioned porters made it possible to have pyuno on all platforms supported by OOo .
Last updated $ Date : 2008/10/16 22:02:35 $
Please use the dev@udk.openoffice.org mailing list for further questions .
License
This document is available under PDL ( Public Documentation License ) .
What do you do if you find the world 's largest marijuana stash ?
Call in the airforce !
The crack teams discovered 236.8 tons of cannabis buried in vast trenches in the desert .
The drugs had a minimum street value of £ 225 million , and weighed more than 30 double - decker buses , officials said .
Lieutenant General Abdul Hadi Khalid , Afghanistan 's deputy interior minister , said : " This is a new world record in the global war on drugs . "
…
British fighter jets were called in from nearby Kandahar Airfield to smash open the underground stores .
A Nato spokesman said the planes dropped three 1,000lb bombs on the trenches , before troops from the commando unit known as 333 doused the wreckage with petrol and set them alight .
[ scotsman.com ]
There 's something tragically ironic about using fighter jets to launch air strikes on a plant that 's never killed anyone in the history of the world .
Are you having fun yet , brave desert drug soldiers ?
Someone get these guys some volleyball nets before they nuke a poppy field .
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - Iraqi security forces are poised to launch a major crackdown in volatile Diyala province , the Interior Ministry said on Sunday , the latest in a series of operations aimed at stabilizing the country .
Iraqi children surround a U.S. soldier of the 2nd Brigade , 1st Armour Division during a joint patrol with Iraqi army soldiers in Baghdad 's Sadr City July 13 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Damir Sagolj ( IRAQ )
Sunni Islamist al Qaeda has sought to stoke tensions in the religiously and ethnically mixed northeastern province , which has seen a string of suicide bombings in recent months .
The crackdown will be the latest Iraqi- led offensive aimed at stamping government authority on areas once in the hands of Sunni Arab insurgents or Shi’ite militias .
U.S. and Iraqi officials say a campaign against al Qaeda in the northern city of Mosul and surrounding Nineveh province has helped reduce violence there .
Other operations have targeted Shi’ite militias in the southern provinces of Basra and Maysan .
“ Soon , the security forces will be in Diyala to play the role they played in Basra and Maysan and Mosul , and Diyala could be the last stage , ” Iraqi Interior Ministry spokesman Major - General Abdul - Kareem Khalaf told a news conference .
He did not give a date for the start of the Diyala crackdown and it was unclear if he meant the offensive would be the last major operation aimed at securing the country .
Overall attacks across Iraq were down 85 percent in June from a year ago , the Iraqi military said last week .
U.S. forces have been conducting security operations in Diyala since the beginning of the year and will take part in the new Iraqi push , a spokesman said .
The success of Iraq ’s recent operations has given the government confidence , which has been most apparent in calls by Iraqi leaders for a timetable for the withdrawal of U.S. troops as part of a security deal being negotiated with Washington .
IRAQI FORCES NEAR “ SELF RELIANCE ”
Iraqi security forces were taking the lead in more than 75 percent of security operations , national security adviser Mowaffaq al - Rubaie told CNN television .
“ We can see in a very short period of time , the Iraqi security forces will reach ... self reliance ...
We can relax the requirements for foreign troops in this country , ” he said .
Iraqi and U.S. officials have been working on an agreement to provide a legal basis for American troops to remain when a U.N. mandate expires at the end of the year .
But negotiators had ended efforts to reach a formal Status of Forces Agreement before President George W. Bush leaves office in favor of an interim deal , the Washington Post said on Sunday , citing senior U.S. officials .
In the past week Iraqi leaders have spoken of only agreeing what they call a memorandum of understanding .
The Washington Post quoted one U.S. official close to the negotiations as saying “ we are talking about dates ” , even though Bush has previously rebuffed calls for a timetable .
Iraq is a major issue in November ’s presidential election battle between Republican John McCain and Democrat Barack Obama .
McCain supports the Bush administration ’s current strategy , while Obama has called for a timetable for withdrawal .
Slideshow ( 15 images )
Iraqi Vice President Tareq al - Hashemi , a Sunni Arab , added his support for a withdrawal timetable .
“ Iraqis must know when the American and other forces will leave Iraqi land .
It is our right to know , and know the truth of where the situation stands , if there is an intention for American forces to leave or not , ” Hashemi told Iraqiya state television in an interview broadcast on the weekend .
The Post said the “ bridge ” security document would likely cover only 2009 , and be limited in scope , allowing basic U.S. military operations to continue once the U.N. mandate ended .
Iraq has rejected a number of Washington ’s demands , insisting they infringe on the country ’s sovereignty .
There is strong domestic pressure in Iraq to set dates for a withdrawal of U.S. forces , especially with violence at a four - year low and with Iraqi security forces getting larger .
Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki ’s political opponents would also likely try to exploit the issue of an undefined U.S. troop presence in provincial elections later this year .
premium_icon
Last chance to vote for FNQ ’s best coffee
Coffee Two Cairns finalists are currently neck and neck for the title of FNQ ’s best coffee but several other cafes and espresso bars are still hot on their heels , including some regional venues .
Hurry , voting closes 5 pm. SEE THE SHORTLIST + VOTE
Sex not only feels good .
It can also be good for you .
Here ’s what a healthy sex life can do for you .
1. Helps Keep Your Immune System Humming
“ Sexually active people take fewer sick days , ” says Yvonne K. Fulbright , PhD a sexual health expert .
People who have sex have higher levels of what defends your body against germs , viruses , and other intruders .
Researchers at Wilkes University in Pennsylvania found that college students who had sex once or twice a week had higher levels of the a certain antibody compared to students who had sex less often .
You should still do all the other things that make your immune system happy , such as : Eat right .
Stay active .
Get enough sleep .
Keep up with your vaccinations .
Use a condom if you do n’t know both of your STD statuses .
2. Boosts Your Libido Longing for a more lively sex life ?
“ Having sex will make sex better and will improve your libido , ” says Lauren Streicher , MD .
She is an assistant clinical professor of obstetrics and gynecology at Northwestern University ’s Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago .
For women , having sex ups vaginal lubrication , blood flow , and elasticity , she says , all of which make sex feel better and help you crave more of it .
3. Improves Women 's Bladder Control
A strong pelvic floor is important for avoiding incontinence , something that will affect about 30 % of women at some point in their lives .
Good sex is like a workout for your pelvic floor muscles .
When you have an orgasm , it causes contractions in those muscles , which strengthens them .
A report of the Institute of Globalisation and Social Movements , Moscow
By Vasily Koltashov
Translated by Renfrey Clarke , Links – International Journal of Socialist Renewal ( http://links.org.au)
Moscow , June 9 , 2008 --
In the early weeks of 2008 virtually all Russian and foreign experts viewed the situation in the world economy favourably .
Warnings from a few analysts that a major economic crisis lay ahead were not taken especially seriously by optimistic - minded populations .
On January 22 the stock exchanges were shaken by the first slump , followed by a series of new collapses .
The world ’s share markets were destabilised .
Inflation accelerated , with food prices beginning to rise sharply .
A number of American and European banks announced colossal losses in their results for 2007 .
The scale of the economic problems in the US became evident .
A new world crisis had begun .
The emergence of its first symptoms provoked numerous questions concerning the nature of the crisis , the reasons behind it , and the logic shaping its probable development .
1. Major Conclusions
The Development of the Global Crisis
1 ) At present the world economic crisis is at an early stage , manifesting itself primarily in the area of finance ( destabilisation of stock markets , bank losses , growing inflation , and rising interest rates ) ;
2 ) The worst effects of the crisis have been felt by the economy of the US , where a commercial crisis and a decline in industrial output are in prospect ;
3 ) Following the fall in demand on the American market , the crisis will spread to the “ new industrial countries ” , where production will start coming to a halt ;
4 ) The contraction in sales and in world industrial output will lead to new collapses on the world ’s stock markets and a shift from inflation to stagflation .
Oil prices will fall , the number of unemployed will rise , and a massive decline in consumption will take place ;
5 ) The crisis will affect all countries that are part of the world economy , and will usher in a prolonged depression .
The global economic destabilisation will have enormously destructive consequences ;
6 ) The likely time - frame for the development of the crisis is as follows .
The year 2008 will see a recession in the US and the beginning of an industrial downturn in other countries .
The peak of the crisis ( the most severe decline ) will be experienced in 2009 and 2010 , while the years from 2010 to 2013 will see depression and a restructuring of the world economy for new development ;
7 ) The governments of the countries of the world do not have strategies for overcoming the crisis , and because of their underestimation of the crisis and their lack of interest in carrying through indispensable changes , the likelihood of their developing such strategies before the crisis reaches its peak phase is extremely remote ;
8 ) There is no reason to expect that the crisis will pass quickly , and its drawn - out character will aggravate political and social conflicts in most countries of the world ;
The Nature and Consequences of the Crisis
9 ) The world economic crisis which has now begun is systemic in nature .
It is conditioned by the contradictions of the neoliberal model of capitalism , with the world economy unable to develop further in the old manner .
The potential of economic policies based on systematically lowering real wages while stimulating consumption has been exhausted ;
10 ) The decline of consumption in the “ old industrial countries ” has brought about a loss of effectiveness of the economic model based on exploitation of cheap labour power in the Third World .
Further reductions in commodity prices through the superexploitation of labour power are impossible , since the scope for intensifying this exploitation has been almost exhausted ;
11 ) Inflation is one of the manifestations of the global crisis , and arises from changes in the relationship between the volume of commodities and of money in the economy .
Housing is being devalued , as are many shares .
With the American mortgage crisis , the buying power of the population has fallen ;
12 ) The crisis heralds the replacing of a downward trend in the development of the world economy with an upswing ; as a crisis of shifting waves , it will be severe and drawn - out ;
13 ) The crisis will not be overcome until the contradictions that caused it are resolved , and until the development of the world economy receives a new technological impulse ( above all in the area of industrial innovation , which will bring about a cheapening of commodities ) ;
14 ) As a result of the global crisis world energy consumption will grow .
New sources of energy will be developed , and the importance of hydrocarbons will decline ;
15 ) The crisis will lead to the breaking down of isolated labour markets , and will expedite the formation of a single world market for labour ;
16 ) The crisis will help to strengthen global monopolies , and will increase their role in the world economy .
The importance of medium and small business will decline still further ;
17 ) The crisis will lead to a resurgence of the policies of protectionism , which will become a powerful tool of global corporate competition ;
18 ) The international division of labour will become more marked .
It is logical to expect reindustrialisation in the “ old industrial countries ” ;
Impact of the Crisis on the Russian Economy
19 ) For the present , the impact of the crisis on the economy of Russia remains insignificant , affecting primarily the financial sphere ;
20 ) The economy of the Russian Federation is continuing to grow , but the country ’s consumer market is under pressure from inflation .
This is preparing the way for national commercial and mortgage crises ;
21 ) The advent of the global crisis in Russia will be delayed , probably occurring later than in the “ new industrialising countries ” and in the European Community ;
22 ) Under the impact of world - wide economic trends , Russia ’s economy may experience a serious weakening even while oil prices on the world market remain high ;
23 ) The decline of world oil prices will lead to a crisis in Russia ’s national economy , to a collapse on the share market , to a fall in industrial production and an increase in unemployment , to a strengthening of inflation , and to sharply reduced consumption ;
24 ) The global crisis will be especially severe for Russia due to the orientation of the country ’s economy to raw materials exports ;
25 ) The emergence of the country from the crisis will be associated with major structural changes in the economy , with social unrest , and with a decline in the role played by the raw materials corporations .
2. The Systemic Crisis of the World Economy
2.1 . The First Signs of the Crisis
News of a sharp drop in the profits of the Citigroup banking group led on 15 January to a fall on the New York Stock Exchange .
The Dow Jones index of industrial activity declined by 2.2 per cent and Standard & Poor ’s by 2.51 per cent , while the Nasdaq Composite lost 2.45 per cent .
On 21 January a dramatic fall in share prices occurred in all the major world markets .
Trading on the stock markets of Frankfurt , London and Paris ended with falls of 7.16 per cent , 5.5 per cent and 6.83 per cent , the largest for six years .
In Russia the figure exceeded 8 per cent .
A negative role in the unfolding of the stock market crisis was played by the tax cuts , the “ Republican panacea ” , which had been proposed by President Bush , and which were incapable of improving the economic situation in the US .
The announcement by the administration that taxes would be lowered merely heightened the stock - market panic .
The crisis that seized hold of the world ’s leading stock exchanges on 21 and 22 January arose from the discovery of a divergence between the profits of companies and their capitalisation .
The fall on share markets was sparked by reports of low profitability , and also of large losses suffered by leading banks .
Share prices tumbled , with prices falling even for the securities of “ healthy companies ” for which there was no news on the markets of losses or reduced profits .
Even Russian corporations such as Gazprom suffered serious losses .
The stabilisation that followed the declines of late January was not to be long - lasting .
The share markets entered a phase of instability which immediately found a reflection in the markets for commodities .
Governments and economists promptly sought to reassure the public , explaining that all that had happened was a “ share price correction ” .
But after no more than a week , falls were again being observed on the world markets .
On 28 January declines on numerous share markets were again noted .
On 5 February a massive fall took place on American and European stock exchanges .
Then came another period of calm , followed by a new slump on 17 March .
On the London stock exchange on 5 February , the all - up value of quoted shares declined by 2.3 per cent .
On the Frankfurt stock exchange the fall amounted to 3.36 per cent , in Brussels to 3.17 per cent , in Milan to 3.07 per cent , and in Amsterdam to 3.34 per cent .
In Paris prices dropped by 3.96 per cent .
In Madrid the fall on the stock market was even greater , amounting to 5.19 per cent .
The greatest price losses were suffered by the shares of banks and of European car firms .
The French company Renault lost 7.4 per cent of its value .
Shares in Peugeot were cheaper by 6 per cent , and in the Italian company Fiat , by 6.5 per cent .
Shares in the European aerospace firm EADS lost 6 per cent .
The stock - market slump in Russia was also significant .
The RTS Index , one of the main Russian share price indicators , fell by 3.38 per cent .
The MMVB dropped by 4.04 per cent .
Major losses were taken by Sberbank Rossii , whose shares lost 5 per cent on the MMVB , and by the corporation Rosneft , which lost 5.7 per cent on the RTS .
The overall decline in the price of Russian blue chips was in the region of 5.7 per cent .
The recovery after the collapses of 21 , 22 and 28 January was short - lived , showing the extent to which the share markets had lost their previous dynamism .
In the US on 5 February the Dow Jones index , calculated on the basis of the overall share prices of thirty leading American corporations , fell by 2.53 per cent .
The Standard and Poor ’s 500 index lost 2.67 per cent .
The IT index NASDAQ was down by 2.54 per cent .
It is significant that the fall in the US was less marked than in the countries of the European Union and in Russia .
The myth of the independence of national economies , a myth holding sway above all in Russia , suffered another blow .
The difference showed how strongly any weaknesses in the US economy are felt in the world as a whole .
On 14 March , signs of another fall began appearing on the American stock exchanges .
In order to forestall the looming catastrophe , the US Federal Reserve System ( FRS ) the refinancing rate to 3.25 per cent .
But the lowering by 0.25 per cent of the discount rate at which US banks receive credit did not have a positive effect .
Among the factors helping to cancel it out was a decision , unprecedented since the Great Depression , to grant credits directly to large financial corporations .
The FRC ’s decision to provide financial assistance to the bank J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. in order to purchase the investment bank Bear Stearns for $ 236 million caused the share prices of other large US banks to tumble .
On 14 March the price of shares in Bear Stearns fell by 47 per cent .
Not even a trace remained of the firm ’s once - impressive capitalisation .
Only a year earlier , Bear Stearns had been worth $ 20 billion .
On 17 March , evidence of the deplorable state of the American banking industry sparked a world - wide panic .
With no basis for the high share prices of companies that were in trouble , traders began unloading shares in these firms on a massive scale .
Falls ensued in all of the world ’s large securities markets .
The Russian RTS dropped by 4 per cent , and the losses on European markets were similar .
The British FTSE 100 index fell by 2.93 per cent .
The Japanese Nikkei 225 dropped by 3.71 per cent .
From Asia to the US , not a single stock market held up .
Simultaneously with the chain of initial falls on stock markets around the world , inflationary processes began to accelerate markedly .
This was reflected primarily in a growth of food prices which affected virtually every country on the planet .
According to official figures , between the beginning of the year and the end of March 2008 the prices of vegetables and fruits in Russia increased by 23.5 per cent and 14.9 per cent respectively .
Grains and bread products were more expensive by 6.9 per cent .
On world markets , numerous food commodities rose in price by 40 or even 60 per cent .
More than a billion people were forced to reduce the quality of their diets , cutting out essential foodstuffs .
In many regions of the globe , the problem of hunger grew markedly worse .
The first mass protest actions occurred .
2.2 . Anti-Crisis Measures and Recession in the US
Drawing on their experience of the crises of 1998 - 1999 and 2001 , the governments of leading countries prepared to beat off the new economic destabilisation by creating massive financial reserves .
Russia formed a Stabilisation Fund of $ 548.1 billion .
China had huge reserves of gold and foreign currency amounting to $ 1.68 trillion , 70 per cent of it in dollar - denominated form .
The Eurozone had more than $ 500 billion at its disposal , and Japan $ 1.02 trillion .
The reserves of gold and foreign currency of the US were relatively small , a fraction of those of Japan .
Meanwhile , by the end of 2007 the US national debt had reached almost $ 10 trillion , while the total indebtedness of the federal government , of the states and of US corporations amounted to $ 40 trillion .
For purposes of comparison , world GDP in 2007 amounted to $ 61 trillion , after annual increases of 4 per cent in 2001 - 2005 and of 3.1 per cent in 1991 - 2000 .
In order to service its debts and cover its budget outlays , the US government was forced each year to attract some $ 400 - 500 billion in foreign funds , through the sale of long - term FRS bonds .
As an anticrisis strategy , all countries proposed to give financial aid to corporations that had got into difficulties , helping to restore their normal functioning .
Governments also planned to direct financial resources to maintaining stable currency exchange rates and securities prices .
As the first months of the new global crisis demonstrated , however , none of these measures were effective .
They aided in the short - term stabilisation of stock markets , and temporarily restored the solvency of corporations , but did not relieve the causes of the crisis .
The result was merely to postpone shifts in the phases of development of the crisis .
In the US , steps to lower refinancing rates , financial bail - outs of companies and the temporary stimulating of demand through returning a portion of tax revenues to the population ( the “ Bush plan ” to return $ 168 billion to consumers ) could not save the national economy from entering the crisis zone .
Unemployment in the US is increasing .
For lack of credits , 28 million Americans are using food stamps ( in 2007 this figure was 26.5 million ) .
In March the US economy shed 81,000 jobs , followed by another 20,000 in April .
The number of officially recognised jobless in May rose by a further 5 per cent .
The total number of unemployed in the US amounted to 5.5 per cent of the able - bodied population , the highest figure for twenty years .
Of 8.5 million jobless , only 3.1 million were receiving benefits .
According to official data , the average monthly increase in the number of unemployed has now reached 5 per cent , which does not include immigrants or large numbers of US citizens .
For the first time in five years , economic activity by companies in the service sector has declined .
In the sectors of retail trade , transport , finance , property and health care , employers are cutting their staff numbers .
Consumption is also declining .
According to economists , demand remains stable only for foodstuffs .
In all other categories , the volume of sales is down .
The US is also suffering from a significant problem of inflation , which according to various calculations has been running since the beginning of the year at between 4 and 7 per cent .
The banking industry is in a parlous state .
Vast sums from throughout the world have been thrown into saving it , but the financial transfusions have not yielded firm , positive results .
The banking group Citigroup , which was the first to suffer from the crisis , has been selling assets and is trying to strengthen its position through share issues .
Over the past six months , industrial production in the US has shrunk by between 1.2 and 1.5 per cent .
There is every reason to suppose that in the coming months problems in disposing of goods will have a stronger effect on the productive sector .
In the first quarter of 2008 US GDP grew by only 0.6 per cent on an annualised basis , compared to 2.2 per cent in 2007 and 3.3 per cent in 2006 .
In the view of United Nations analysts , there are two likely scenarios for the American economy .
In the pessimistic scenario , US GDP contracts in 2008 by 1.2 percent , while the optimistic one has it rising by 1 per cent .
Such assessments , however , are based on the extrapolation of trends characteristic of the current state of affairs .
This is fundamentally wrong , since the crisis in the global and US economies is developing in definite stages .
At present it is in an early stage , affecting mainly the financial sector .
Soon , the crisis will appear more fully in trade and services ; later , it will make its effects felt in industry .
The result for the US economy will be that the year culminates in a noticeable fall in GDP .
At a minimum , this decline could amount to 4 or 5 per cent , while at a maximum it could be much higher .
Meanwhile , no - one should count on 2008 being the worst year of the crisis , or the year which sees it surmounted , since the fundamental contradictions which gave rise to the global destabilisation will not have been resolved .
In the mid-1990s the share of financial services in the GDP of the US surpassed that of industry .
Between 1973 and 2008 the share of manufacturing in GDP fell from 25 per cent to 12 per cent .
The portion represented by financial services rose from 12 per cent to 20 - 21 per cent .
Some 4 - 5 per cent of the growth of GDP in the financial sector between 1990 and the first decade of the new century was linked to the mortgage boom .
Between 1987 and 2007 overall indebtedness in the US grew from $ 11 trillion to $ 48 trillion , most of it in the private financial sector .
The bursting of the consumer “ soap bubble ” will lead inevitably to an unprecedented number of bankruptcies , most of them in the financial sector .
Contrary to the general view , the negative US trade balance is not playing an important role in the development of the crisis , since it is covered by the repatriation to the country of corporate profits .
The foreign goods that enter the US market are often produced in enterprises belonging to American firms .
The huge retail network Wal - Mart thus owns more than 700 factories in China .
While making big profits in the American retail market , however , US corporations for many years have pursued a policy of reducing their spending on labour power , spending that has been directly responsible for creating that market .
Other countries , including Russia , are entering the world crisis only after a substantial delay compared to the US .
This tendency is evidently going to persist throughout 2008 .
At the same time , it is possible to predict that the fall in oil prices will hold off until 2009 , in practice until the global crisis passes into the phase where it will afflict industry .
The crisis on the financial markets is spurring investors to engage in speculative operations involving the purchase and sale of oil , returns from which are considered more reliable .
During the first five months of 2008 , while demand for oil remained effectively stagnant , prices grew by more than a third .
In tactical terms this trend might appear advantageous for Russia , but strategically it increases the risks for the country that are associated with the crisis .
Along with the US , European countries including France , Great Britain , Ireland , Switzerland , Luxembourg and Spain have also begun experiencing economic problems .
The 2007 profit figures of one of the largest French banks , Crédit Agricole , fell short of projections by 16.8 per cent .
The company ’s losses on the US mortgage market during the first quarter of 2008 came to 1.2 billion euros .
Another French bank , Société Générale , announced that it had written off 1.18 billion euros in credit instruments , and that net profits during the first quarter had fallen by 23 per cent to 1.1 billion euros .
The largest Swiss bank , Crédit Suisse , announced losses of $ 2.85 billion .
Still greater losses were suffered by Europe ’s largest bank , UBS AG .
In the fourth quarter of 2007 these losses came to $ 13.7 billion .
In connection with the American “ popular default ” ( massive non-payments on housing mortgages ) , the banks of the world have already written off a total of more than $ 320 billion .
Merrill Lynch and UBS have almost completely run out of capital .
Morgan Stanley , the Mizuho Financial Group , Citigroup and Washington Mutual have suffered losses amounting to a third of their capital .
Aggregate losses in the mortgage market and in the debt securities market associated with it have been put by the IMF at $ 565 billion .
This figure was reduced under pressure from the US ; earlier , the IMF assessed potential losses at $ 945 billion .
Reports are continuing to appear of losses borne on the US mortgage market .
The size of the gradually crumbling pyramid of mortgage credits is put at $ 10.7 billion .
The collapse on the US property market has left house prices dramatically cheaper .
The Case - Schiller Index , which measures the cost of property in the United States , has dropped to its lowest level in twenty years .
On a national scale , the index of housing prices for the first quarter of 2008 fell by 14.1 per cent compared with the same period of 2007 , reaching its lowest point since 1988 .
The market is saturated with houses and apartments repossessed from borrowers .
In 2008 there have been foreclosures on more than a million homes as a result of failure to meet mortgage payments .
Housing , which makes up a colossal segment of the American market , is continuing to be devalued .
Over the coming months the decline in the value of housing could reach from 10 to 25 per cent .
The victims of the continuing “ popular default ” in the US have also included commercial institutions in Japan and Thailand .
The American mortgage crisis has had an indirect impact on the entire world banking system , resulting in a shortage of cheap credit .
Without constant financial transfusions , the banks of the world periphery have finished up in difficult circumstances , as “ local ” problems with debtors have begun to pile up for them .
The first difficulties have appeared with servicing credits provided by foreign banks .
There has been an outflow of bank investments .
Following immediately on the global stock market crisis , a financial crisis has arisen ; it is simply a new manifestation of the general world economic crisis .
Faced with a shortage of bank liquidity , governments have used diverse measures to provide companies with the funds needed to bail them out .
In Russia , the authorities have placed money from the Pension Fund on the books of problem banks .
Of the countries of the former Soviet Union , it is Kazakhstan that has finished up in the worst position .
Kazakh President Nazarbaev has acknowledged that the economy of his country is in a profound crisis .
The reason is financial problems , or more precisely a banking crisis , caused by the impossibility of servicing cheap foreign credits .
Money has started to flood out of Kazakh banks , whose ratings have fallen sharply .
The government of Kazakhstan has allocated $ 4 billion to help the banks , out of the country ’s overall financial reserves of $ 40 billion .
But neither this sum , nor Kazakhstan ’s holdings of gold and foreign currency , will suffice for long .
The strict austerity measures of which Nazarbaev speaks will likewise have little effect .
For the governments of other countries to apply such measures will also lead only to a deepening of the crisis .
Obtaining a reprieve for the corporations through cutting consumption further will not only fail to relieve the contradictions responsible for the crisis , but on the contrary , will exacerbate them .
US officials maintain that the negative trend can still be overcome , and a global spread of the crisis averted .
American analysts who early in the year had agreed with the government ’s optimism are now more pessimistic .
The refinancing rate has been lowered to 2 per cent without significant effect .
The stock market is in a state of limbo .
Since May , citizens have been having tax revenues returned to them .
The payment process will take two and a half months , and depending on the size of their incomes , taxpayers will receive back sums from a few hundred dollars to $ 2400 .
The maximum payments will be received by families earning around $ 150,000 per year and who have three or four children .
So far , however , the hopes of the officials that financial stimulation will help to increase consumer activity have not been borne out .
People are preferring to spend their money paying off debts and on creating stockpiles of food .
US firms are still trying to cut costs by attacking the work conditions of employees , which is doing nothing to encourage an increase in consumption .
Returning the debts of the population to the banks through the mechanism of tax benefits might reduce the pressure on US financial institutions to some extent , but is not doing away with the general crisis trend in the consumer market .
The calculation in Washington is that through combining low - cost credit for corporations with temporary measures to stimulate demand in the domestic market , enough time can be bought to allow an economic recession to be avoided and the crisis period to be successfully negotiated .
The assumption is that the crisis is a temporary inconvenience that will pass of its own accord .
But the standard responses being implemented by the authorities are not making an impact on the cause of the crisis , which for the world economy is of a systemic character .
There is no reason to think that a new lowering of the refinancing rates will be more effective .
Nor are there grounds for supposing that a one - off subsidy to the population will increase its effective demand , which has declined for objective reasons .
In conditions of falling demand , providing companies with financial bail - outs will not restore them to effective operation .
The upshot is that the anticrisis measures now being applied in the US are failing to stop the development of a whole range of negative trends in the economy , and are merely providing a temporary respite .
This is capable of lasting for a few months , but by early autumn new symptoms of the crisis developing in the US can be expected to appear .
2.3 . Origins of the Global Crisis
Of the analysts who toward the end of 2007 were denying the likelihood of a crisis , most are now explaining the negative processes in the world economy as consequences of the mortgage crisis in the US .
In the view of neoliberal economists , the crisis is simply the result of collective errors committed by the executives of a series of corporations , and will come to an end as soon as the situation in the financial arena improves .
Virtually all governments hold to an analogous position .
The authorities in Russia have repeatedly expressed confidence that the financial crisis will not affect their country ’s economy , but on the contrary , will have a positive impact on it .
Studying the origins of the global crisis shows , however , just how superficial such evaluations are , along with the naivety of national - messianic hopes .
Throughout 2007 there was growth on virtually all the world ’s stock exchanges .
It was only toward the end of the year that the US share market , the largest and most important in the world , began encountering setbacks related to the mortgage crisis .
Vigorous growth was a permanent condition on the German share market ; the DAX index recorded an outstanding result of 22 per cent .
British shares rose by 3.8 per cent , and French by 1.3 per cent .
The Russian share market developed successfully last year , with the securities of electrical generating firms showing particularly strong growth .
In the course of 2007 , however , the world economy showed increasing signs of weakness , which analysts for the majority of corporations ignored in their public statements .
A whole series of facts bore witness to the approach of a world economic crisis .
The increase in output in the “ newly industrialising countries ” was supposed above all to service consumption in the wealthy US and European Union .
But as a result of the departure of numerous industries from these “ old industrialised countries ” , real wages in these parts of the world were steadily declining , strengthening the trend to partial and unstable employment .
“ Good jobs ” in the First World were replaced by low - paid jobs in the countries of the periphery , where neither trade unions nor social and labour legislation existed .
During the “ welfare state ” period from 1949 to 1973 government employment policies , together with high unemployment benefits , had ensured strong demand along with stable living standards .
But in the modern Western economies , the trend was toward irregular incomes even in families where members held jobs .
In the early 1990s the average American had spent 25 per cent of his or her income on housing , but by 2005 this proportion had risen to 50 - 60 per cent .
The workers ’ organisations of the West , which in the period from 1949 to 1973 had guaranteed people relatively high living standards , had been weakened ( in the case of the trade unions ) or had degenerated ( in that of the social democrats ) .
Meanwhile , the social base of these organisations had narrowed as a result of the export of whole sectors to the countries of the periphery .
The ideal place to which industries could be transferred was China , which allowed transnational corporations a 20 per cent “ discount ” on the price of its labour power .
The industrial boom in the Third World proceeded in tandem with the initial proletarianisation of hundreds of millions of peasants .
Tearing themselves away from the natural economy , they became hired workers and consumers ( for the most part very poor ones ) .
Production became concentrated increasingly in the “ countries of the South ” , while the principal sales markets remained in the “ zone of the North ” .
Declining demand in the US , Great Britain , the European Union and a series of other countries could not be made up through consumption by the middle layers on the global periphery .
The reduction of consumption in the centre turned inescapably into a halt to production on the periphery ; this led to sackings , and automatically undermined the buying power of the local middle classes .
In the period between 1982 and 2008 the number of working women in the “ old industrial countries ” expanded , and unlike the situation in the 1950s and 1960s , it became a family norm for women to be employed outside the home .
Workers were more often forced to work long hours or to hold several jobs in order to maintain an adequate standard of living .
For some time , average family incomes thus continued to rise in the US and many other Western countries , even though average individual wages were declining .
By the late 1990s , however , the percentage of people belonging to the middle class had gradually begun to decline .
Making up for the falling incomes of First World workers for some years after 2000 was an increase in consumer credit .
But as the end of the decade approached , the indebtedness of families in the US and Great Britain was reaching a critical point .
In 2007 a crisis of non-payments - a “ popular default ” - broke out in the US .
Individuals who lacked sufficient means delayed or ceased repayments on their bank loans .
This crisis was superimposed on the extreme financial weakening of the American state , which was less and less able to cope with the role of global hegemon .
The policy of lowering taxes , pursued systematically both by Democratic and Republican administrations , ensured a redistribution of funds to the private sector , stimulating its activity , but at the same time undermining the ability of the government to aid the economy when this aid became necessary .
The dollar emissions through which the Bush administration sought to cover its military spending merely accelerated the process through which the US consumer market was being weakened .
By 2007 the potential for maintaining consumption through bank credits was virtually exhausted ; the population was no longer able to pay even minimal interest .
The banking sector was engulfed in crisis .
News of the losses suffered by corporations in the previous year led to the first crashes on the stock markets , and then to the destabilisation of all the world ’s share markets .
For some time , the negative impact on inflation in the US was cancelled out by the ability of the growing world economy to swallow the excess of US dollars .
But this could not continue indefinitely .
Faced with growing problems during 2007 , the corporations failed to find a solution .
They concealed losses and overstated their profits .
The sale and purchase at ever - higher prices of shares in companies that were masking their growing difficulties gave rise to contradictions that sooner or later had to burst to the surface .
The problems on the share markets were a manifestation of the concealed problems of the entire world economy , including in the functioning of the banking sector .
It is significant that the consumer credits extended in the new century were often at interest rates incapable of covering the sums which the banks lost to inflation .
The granting of credits to the population at low rates of less than 3 per cent was a direct consequence of an unprecedented global overaccumulation of capital .
There was nowhere else that this capital could be invested .
In the world economy , a situation had arisen in which the possibilities of the market had been exhausted .
Corporations were allocating resources to increase production , but extracting profits was becoming more and more difficult .
With demand falling in North America and Europe , the importance of countries with large internal markets - above all Russia , Brazil and India - grew correspondingly .
In these countries , economic growth might continue even for a certain time after the crisis began .
Now that consumption in the US was down , the “ new giants ” turned into a centre of attraction for capital , a growing proportion of which was speculative .
For two decades not only consumption in the US , but also the growth of the world economy had been maintained through the granting of credit to the population , above all to the Western “ middle class ” .
The availability of credit underpinned the high profits of corporations in the US and other countries .
A contradiction arose between the producer and consumer markets .
The transferring of productive capacity from the First World objectively lowered its capacity for consumption , but the profits obtained in the Third World made it possible to extend credits to the middle layers of Western society , above all in the US and Great Britain .
The inevitable strengthening of this contradiction as industry was increasingly transferred from the centre of the world economy to its periphery could not fail to set off a global crisis , more severe and more complex than the usual crises of overproduction ( recessions ) that occurred every decade or so .
The US became the first country to feel the initial blow of the global systemic crisis .
2.4 . Inflation
For the world financial system , an unexpected development in 2008 has been an acceleration of inflation , expressing itself mainly in growing prices for foodstuffs and fuel .
As the cause of the inflation , most analysts point to the higher prices for food products and energy sources , that is , to the inflation itself .
Quite apart from the inadequacy of such explanations , world inflation has objective causes , linked to the general crisis of the model of the global economy .
The growth of commodity prices is not the cause of inflation , but its consequence .
Even though the tempo of inflation was rising even before the chain of stock market crashes in January and March , these collapses allow us to better understand the reasons for the price rises .
A characteristic feature of international inflation is its global character .
It affects all countries to one extent or another , lowering the buying power of all monetary units to varying degrees .
At present , the fastest price rises are for goods of primary necessity that are constantly consumed - food and fuel .
In the US , retail chains and small shops run sales campaigns when they are overstocked with unsold industrial products ; as soon as the surplus is sold off , the prices of industrial goods rise in line with the general trend .
If we reflect that consumption around the world is not rising by leaps and bounds ( the condition of most of the planet ’s population is worsening ) , the reason for inflation must lie in a violation of the balance between the volume of commodities and money in the global economy .
The volume of money in the world economy has grown substantially , while that of industrial products has remained almost unchanged .
The provision of money to purchase this mass of products has increased ; the quantity of money in the economy per unit of goods has become greater .
Inflation has started to accelerate because money has begun to lose its backing in the share market and the American property market , as shares and houses have been devalued .
The volume of money in the market has remained as before , but the sum of commodity prices that corresponds to it has diminished as a consequence of the first signs of global crisis .
As a result , the buying power of workers has fallen because of the devaluing of their wages .
Consumption has started to decline , and demand has become concentrated on goods of primary necessity .
This process is now continuing to develop , opening the way for a commercial crisis which will inevitably be followed by fresh declines on the stock exchanges .
This in turn will make the situation still more difficult ; inflation will accelerate , industry will start shutting down , and unemployment will increase .
The prices of foodstuffs will fall relative to other goods ; notwithstanding the hunger in the world , food consumption will decline .
The illusions of countries with favourable agricultural conditions ( in particular , Ukraine , Hungary and the countries of the Balkans ) in the possibility of benefiting from the global crisis will disappear .
Oil prices will remain high , until the peak of the crisis causes them to crumble .
The fall in production will bring an even more radical change in the relation between the volume of money and the quantity of goods .
The global economy will enter a phase of stagflation .
One of the results of the massive stock market collapse , now reflecting a general economic crisis , is that there may not be a single monetary unit in the world that retains its stability .
Most likely , it will be the euro whose losses will be least .
Even the euro , however , could lose a significant portion of its buying power in the market .
The flight of capital from the currencies of the global periphery to the euro ( or to the dollar , which for the present is not very likely ; the US currency is losing ground , even though 65 per cent of the world ’s payments are still denoted in it ) will strengthen inflation in the Third World , increasing the requirements for reserve currency and transferring the problems of this currency to the national monetary units .
In a multi-currency system , the law which holds that the sum of the prices of all the goods on offer is equal to the mass of money in the economy does not act in straightforward fashion .
In their relation to one another , currencies are also commodities which compete for the backing represented by the mass of goods - that is , for positions within the system of economic exchange .
The governments of the US and of other countries have shown a complete unpreparedness for resisting global inflation .
The Prime Minister of Russia has denied responsibility for the effect of inflation in lowering the incomes of the population .
At present , no measures capable of dealing with the problem are being undertaken .
In view of the profoundly systemic causes of inflation , as one of the manifestations of the crisis of the world economic model , there is no basis for expecting it to be overcome in the current year .
So long as the anti-inflationary measures employed as part of the anticrisis strategies fail to address the causes of inflation , there is no way that inflation can be halted .
2.5 . The Nature of the World Crisis
From the trends of the unfolding global crisis that are appearing at present , it is evident how much more severe this crisis threatens to become compared with the recessions of 1991 , 1998 - 1999 and 2001 .
At the same time , it is clear that the global crisis which began in 2008 is not linked solely to the overproduction of commodities , but is a consequence of the systemic contradictions of the world economy .
The developing crisis cannot simply cast off the accumulated mass of goods , after which the economy will once again quickly set off on a growth curve .
The selling off of the goods that have overfilled the markets in the US will not restore the American and global economies to health .
As a result of the crisis , several contradictions in the world economy must be resolved .
This is tantamount to changing the neoliberal model for a new one .
By virtue of its nature , conditioned by the contradictions which called it forth , the crisis is destined to bring about fundamental changes in the world economic system , restoring its effective functioning .
Since the Great Depression of 1929 - 1933 the world economy has passed through several stages of development , several rising and falling Kondratieff waves .
The years from 1933 to 1949 saw a declining wave .
After the crisis of 1949 , an upswing continued until 1973 .
This was characterised by rising prices for labour power and capital , and also by an active technological renewal of production .
During this period the growing European and American industry experienced a need for labour power , which was brought in from the countries of the periphery .
In Western society a Keynesian approach prevailed , and the principles of the welfare state were implemented .
The educational level of the population rose sharply , and higher education became a mass phenomenon .
By the early 1970s , however , the global economic system had finished up in a dead end .
To a considerable degree the new crisis had arisen out of the alarm felt by the business elite at the growing strength of organised workers , now including professional people who until recently had been privileged .
Major roles were played by the events of 1968 in France , and by mass demonstrations in the US .
Meanwhile , the modernisation occurring in the former colonies was opening up broad possibilities for using the resources of the periphery in a new fashion .
It is evident empirically that the rising and falling waves in the world system have specific features .
The duration of the waves in the interval from 1790 to 2008 varied between 16 and 30 years .
The declining waves encompass periods of extensive appropriation by the capitalist centres of the resources of the world periphery .
During declining waves financial operations take priority over investments in production , subordinating production to their interests .
Because of the vigorous accumulation of capital , interest rates have a tendency to decline .
Labour power also grows cheaper , or does not increase in price , since supply exceeds demand on the labour market .
Food prices show a tendency to fall .
Declining waves are characterised by progress in communications , including transport , and by slow development in the technologies of production .
Upswings , by contrast , are typified by the rapid technological progress of industry .
Labour power becomes more expensive , since the demand for qualified experts is growing .
Capital is also expensive , stimulating growth in the productivity of labour .
The social value of knowledge increases .
Rising waves are replaced by downswings when the large - scale , relatively wasteful use of resources by the world system loses its effectiveness , and only maximum rationality in their use can yield positive results .
The shift from one wave to the next in the global economy proceeds by way of severe economic crises ( one or several ) , during which the systemic contradictions of the world economy are superimposed on overproduction .
The impossibility of a further evolutionary development of the world economy is expressed in an overaccumulation of capital , which can no longer be invested on favourable terms .
In the course of the four economic crises of 1969 - 1971 , 1973 - 1975 ( notable for the leap in oil prices and for high inflation ) , 1978 - 1980 and 1981 - 1982 , qualitative changes took place in the world economy .
As a result of the two latter crises , which hit the developed industrial countries especially hard , industry began to be transferred on a massive scale to the zone of the world periphery .
By 2008 this was no longer a raw materials periphery , but an industrial one .
At the same time the policy of technological re-equipping of industry , with a reliance on highly qualified workers , was replaced by an orientation to cheap labour power in the countries of the Third World .
The success of the new policy was ensured by the rapid development of communications technology , above all those elements of it - computers , the internet , and satellite communications - associated with management .
The speed with which capital could be relocated increased dramatically , and electronic money appeared .
National monopolies from the First World were transformed into transnational corporations .
The ideology of Keynesian development was replaced by the neoliberal doctrine of the open economy .
The new economic epoch received the name of financial globalisation .
As a result of the globalisation of 1975 - 2008 , a new stage in the development of the world economy , whole regions of the earth were transformed .
No longer agrarian in nature , they became industrial .
Hundreds of millions of people were forced to abandon the traditional natural economy and to become hired workers .
Proletarianisation occurred on a scale unprecedented in world history .
The realm of market relations expanded , and labour power became cheaper than industrial technologies .
In the “ old industrial countries ” , governments began pursuing a policy of “ throwing ballast overboard ” .
Gains of working people were liquidated , state assets were privatised , and spending on education and other social provisions was cut .
At its basis , the neoliberal economic model contained contradictions whose development made its end inevitable .
The goods produced in the countries of the periphery had to be sold in the centre , in the developed countries of Western Europe and North America .
But as productive capacity was transferred out of these countries , the buying power of their populations diminished .
The “ new economy ” , the area of services and information technology , could compensate for this only to a limited degree .
Growth in the consumer markets in the countries of the industrial periphery could not make up for the growing lack of demand .
During the period of globalisation capital began to move freely from one region of the planet to another , but labour power was shut up artificially within national boundaries .
Corporations were able to choose any of a multitude of labour markets .
Closed state borders and harsh anti-migration laws prevented workers from leaving zones where labour laws and social welfare legislation did not operate , and where people had no rights .
Even if workers managed to get into the European Union , the US and other countries ( including , for some time now , Russia ) in defiance of the law , they remained almost without rights .
These policies made it easier for corporations to cut wages for citizens of the “ old industrial countries ” , and also to roll back social welfare and labour legislation .
The upshot was that in a whole range of sectors of the American and European economies the Third World finished up within the first .
The destabilised social systems of the periphery continually threw millions of emigrants onto the labour markets in the countries of the centre .
During the 1960s and early 1970s emigration from the former colonies to the West was linked to growing demand there for labour power .
By the end of the 1990s , however , the mass migration was operating from inertia , spurred on by the social crisis in the South and by people ’s desire to join the consumer society .
In the North , these demographic and social shifts aided the growth of racist , ultra - right and neofascist political forces .
While it ensured the growth of corporate profits , the neoliberal model of the global economy could not offer the system a way out .
In order to develop further , the world economy needed qualitative changes .
The high corporate profits obtained through savage exploitation of defenceless workers in the Third World ensured a cheapening of capital , which in 2001 made it possible to postpone the systemic crisis through an unprecedented distribution of consumer and mortgage credits .
But this was sufficient to maintain economic growth in the global system only until late in 2007 .
The new world crisis began with the collapse of the credit pyramid in the US , the consumer centre of the planet ( the US accounts for as much as 40 per cent of global consumption ) .
On incomes which had been shrinking since the early 1980s , the American masses were no longer able to acquire the previous quantity of goods .
The US population was also unable to pay for even the cheapest credits .
Analogous problems appeared in Great Britain and elsewhere in the European Union .
A new crisis had opened up in the global economy , signifying that one big economic wave was being replaced by another .
The world economy could not continue developing in the old fashion .
Throughout the entire period from 1975 to 2008 , corporations and states had deliberately sought to reduce the cost of labour power .
Companies transferred production to the Third World , causing the terms of employment in the first to deteriorate .
For more than thirty years hourly wages did not increase , while the length of the working week grew .
Following the crisis of 2001 , states increased their emissions .
The European Union put 500 euro banknotes into circulation , and in Russia 5000 ruble notes were issued .
The most active policy of emissions was in the US .
During the last declining wave , the doctrine of cheap labour power had held sway in the business world .
It was considered that the competitiveness of enterprises and of national economies depended directly on the size of wages and the cheapness of national currencies .
The lower these indices , it was argued , the more efficient the economy .
But when currencies were undergoing global devaluation , the fall in the price of labour power entered into contradiction with the consumer function which this price played .
Because of the crisis , the cheapening of labour power that was occurring in the world economy had become uncontrolled , and the production of goods in the earlier quantities and at the previous technical level had been rendered loss - making .
If this contradiction were to be resolved , a leap in the productivity of labour was required , signifying a technical revolution in industry .
2.6 . The Logic of the Systemic Crisis
Through analysing the origins and nature of the global crisis , we can predict its development .
It is also possible to define the changes which the system needs to carry through if the world economy is to enter a new stage of development .
Two scenarios for the crisis will be examined , one of them “ soft ” ( presupposing a deliberate reordering of the world economy ) , and the other spontaneous , based on the elemental development of the process .
In theory , a crisis involving a shift from one wave to the next can pass off according to the “ soft ” scenario .
There is no basis , however , for supposing that the essential changes can occur through a conscious intervention by global political institutions .
Such an intervention would require replacing the policy of cheapening labour power with a policy of raising wages and improving the educational level of workers , which would inevitably entail a reduction in the working week .
The policy of doing away with “ social costs ” would have to be replaced by a broadening of social welfare provisions , including free medical care and education .
In this scenario , spontaneous inflation could readily be halted through the restoring of consumption .
Implementing this strategy would make it possible to prevent the crisis from wiping out accumulated wealth on a colossal scale , but would require the redistribution of this wealth , and also the carrying out on a world scale of agreed actions to overcome the crisis , including decisive intervention by international institutions in the affairs of private companies .
Almost inevitably , it would need to be accompanied by a change of “ managerial personnel ” in the form of political elites , and by a radical change in the dominant ideology .
There is no society where this could occur without resistance .
On the geoeconomic level , it would be necessary to remove the barriers to the relocation of labour power .
Local markets for cheap labour would have to be done away with , and the shortage of highly qualified workers in certain regions made up out of the excess in other areas such as Europe , North America and Japan .
The measures noted here would aid in the planned technological re-equipping of industry , and in making the transition to its intensive development .
Because this scenario is in total contradiction to the interests of corporations , and signifies a complete rejection of the earlier neoliberal policies , it is purely theoretical in nature and cannot be regarded seriously at present .
This does not mean , however , that its elements cannot be realised in part if the pressure from below is sufficient .
Ultimately , and despite the conservative resistance of the world elites , the world economy under the impact of its internal contradictions will develop in the direction of the changes sketched above .
The second path is elemental in character and flows logically from a failure to enact , in the immediate future , the measures indicated .
In line with the logic of the global crisis , inflation will continue and after a certain time will be superimposed on a fall in the volume of industrial and agricultural production .
The breakdown of trade will lead to the halting of a significant section of world industry .
Massive falls on the stock exchanges , together with the collapse of national property markets , will also aid in the transition from inflation to stagflation .
Financial help from the state will not be able to support the functioning of corporations for any prolonged period , and will not revive the consumer markets .
Nor will protectionist measures yield the desired results , since the international division of labour in the modern world operates on a massive scale .
Governments will finish up exhausting their material resources .
The artificial division of the world labour market into segments with different wage levels , and subject to different social relations , will lose its earlier significance as the incomes of citizens of the First World collapse .
The structure of social consumption will also change , with far - reaching consequences .
The economic collapse will turn into a prolonged depression , in the course of which systemic changes to the world economy will also occur .
Technologies which the global monopolies have prevented from being implemented since the 1960s will start to be introduced , and will allow production costs to be cut substantially .
The flip - side of cheaper goods will be an increase in the demand for highly qualified labour power .
Corporate competition will grow more intense .
Managing companies will become more complex , and will demand great technical expertise .
A second “ technical revolution ” will occur , and to a significant degree will do away with the privileged positions of the elites that took shape in the first .
The participation in management decision - making of highly qualified production experts may also become commonplace as early as the first post - crisis upswing ( extending over some five to eight years between 2012 and 2019 ) .
In the economy , developing production will also take priority over trade and financial speculation .
After contracting during the crisis , energy consumption will resume its growth .
The importance of hydrocarbons , however , will probably decline markedly .
Biofuels , it appears , will not come to play a widespread role .
The economy will need cheap energy , produced in greater quantities than before .
It is logical to expect that under the impact of the crisis there will be major breakthroughs in this area .
Irrespective of the scenarios , the crisis will lead to a revival of protectionism , both in the rich countries of the West , and also in the states of the periphery .
Policies will be enacted so as to avoid affecting , as far as possible , the productive operations of countries ’ own corporations that are carried on in other states .
The new protectionism will become a weapon of global corporate competition .
Transnational corporations that control the productive and commercial markets of particular countries will defend these markets against encroachments by the capital of other countries .
For many states of the periphery , “ national protectionism ” will thus take the form of defending the interests of the transnational capital that holds sway in the marketplace .
Meanwhile , mutual dependency between economies will increase ; the “ old industrial countries ” will see the beginnings of a reindustrialisation aimed largely at creating means of production for the industries of the periphery .
The sharpening of corporate competition will lead to growing international conflict , since breaking into markets will require political or military intervention .
As a result of the crisis , the world economy will become increasingly monopolised .
There will be numerous corporate takeovers .
Most small enterprises will be unable to survive the change of conjunctural waves .
Because the implementing of practical measures to overcome the economic slump will be delayed , accumulated wealth will be wiped out by the crisis on a colossal scale .
This can be stated with a high degree of certainty if we proceed from the strategies that are now being applied and from the experience of the crises of 1900 ( with the depression that lasted until 1903 ) ; 1929 - 1933 ; and 1969 - 1982 , that is , four crises .
During the nineteenth century , the changes from one economic wave to the next were also painful ; the crisis of 1847 - 1849 engulfed all of Europe and in many countries led to revolutions , while the crisis from 1873 to 1878 became the most prolonged in history .
It was only during the crisis of 1929 - 1933 , and during its final stage , that a number of governments adopted effective anticrisis measures .
Where the degree of intervention by states in the affairs of private companies was great , as in the US , the economies recovered more rapidly from the destructive effects of the collapse .
During the Great Depression , however , the US authorities resorted to increasing the role of the state in managing the economy only under pressure from below , and only at the last moment of the crisis .
The measures taken earlier to restore the financial strength of companies , and the simple act of providing them with state orders , had not yielded the expected results .
The crisis of 1948 - 1949 , which also marked a shift from one long wave to the next , followed on immense wartime destruction and hence did not do the world economy such great harm .
The world crisis will pose the question of the socialisation of migrants , and will exacerbate the problem of the irrational use of the world ’s resources of labour .
Social inequality will increase , but inequality of incomes between workers in the old and new industrial regions of the earth will lessen .
Accordingly , the degree of their mutual solidarity will grow .
The loss of vast quantities of capital as a result of the global economic slump will bring a significant rise in the cost of credit , which will also stimulate the rapid technological renewal of industry .
Obtaining high profits will depend directly on the technological outstripping of competitors .
It is logical to expect that even before the autumn of 2008 the crisis in the US will pass from its financial stage , affecting the banking and stock - market sectors of the economy , to its commercial stage .
In July and August the first serious reports could appear of the failure in the US of the policy of returning $ 168 billion to taxpayers .
Demand will not have been restored , and the retail chains and small enterprises will begin to acknowledge the losses they have suffered .
The selling off of stock will obviously continue , and purchases of new goods will come to a halt .
Meanwhile , analogous trends will appear in the European Union and other regions where consumption levels are relatively high .
Following reports of the crash in the American commercial sphere , the crisis will begin inescapably to hit the world industrial sector .
By the end of the year , production will have started to decline not only in the US , but also in a series of “ new industrial countries ” .
Above all , the freezing of orders will affect China and other “ Pacific tigers ” .
The economies of the countries in the North American free trade zone ( NAFTA ) , which are closely tied to the US , may also suffer during the current year .
Unfavourable reports on the state of the US economy will lead to a series of fresh collapses on the world ’s share markets , bringing an end to the period of stock market stabilisation over the spring and summer .
The first sign that an end to the pause is in the offing came on 6 June with a sharp fall on the US stock market .
This was prompted by the publication of figures showing a deterioration in the US economy during May .
The Dow Jones index lost 3.13 per cent .
The fall in the US share market was quickly reflected on all of the world ’s leading stock exchanges .
As a result of a chain of future stock market collapses , the capitalisation of numerous companies will fall .
Inflation will again accelerate .
The flight of capital into gold will increase , and the price of the precious metal will rise .
The first falls in oil prices are likely before the end of the year , but may turn out to be insignificant .
The main oil collapse will probably occur in 2009 .
Next year will probably see the whole world enter into crisis .
The economic decline ( stagflation ) is likely to be most severe during the period 2009 - 2010 .
Despite the unity of world economic processes , the industrial shutdowns will occur unevenly and at different times in various countries .
A belated and chaotic return by governments to traditional Keynesian policies will not put an end to the negative processes in their economies .
If systematic measures to resolve the contradictions responsible for the crisis are not taken in 2009 and 2010 , the collapse will be followed by a depression that could last until 2013 .
As a result of the extreme downturn in the global economy , a worldwide contraction in the volume of industrial production and agricultural output of 25 to 45 per cent or more can be expected .
As the experience of earlier structural crises has demonstrated , such a course of events will inevitably result in political instability both in international relations and within individual states .
In such conditions , sharp changes are possible in established political institutions .
New forces and leaders , who not long before appeared secondary and marginal , can be expected to come to prominence .
For the forces of the left such a turning of history creates a whole series of promising opportunities , but in similar fashion , extreme right - wing organisations and politicians can use the phenomena of the crisis to further their own interests .
3 . The Impact of the Crisis on Russia
Despite the world economic crisis which is now beginning , economic growth in Russia has continued .
As in the past , the country ’s market is attractive to foreign investors .
During the first quarter of 2008 direct investments in the Russian economy amounted to $ 5.585 billion , some 42.8 per cent lower than in 2007 .
The volume of portfolio capital investments was down by 37.5 per cent , coming to $ 123 million .
Early in the second quarter the situation improved .
In May the net inflow of capital was estimated at $ 15 billion .
On a yearly basis it is calculated at more than $ 40 billion , which is comparable to the results in 2006 , when investments came to $ 41 billion .
Last year the overall inflow of funds to the Russian economy was the highest of all the BRIC countries ( Brazil , Russia , India and China ) .
This year too Russia is the leader , outstripping Brazil and with India in third place .
The interest shown by investors in the BRIC countries is explained above all by the exhaustion of the world ’s other markets .
Accumulated foreign capital in the Russia economy at the end of March amounted to $ 221.0 billion , which is 45.9 per cent more than at the same time in 2007 .
The largest share in the foreign capital accumulated by the economy consists of credits from international financial organisations .
This represents 48.8 per cent and is made up primarily of the debts of large Russian companies .
Since the beginning of the crisis in the US economy , the Russian share market has attracted heightened interest from foreign investors .
Recent months have seen a record flow of capital into this area .
In 2007 Russian companies ( to a significant degree through IPOs ) attracted investments of $ 47.3 billion on the foreign markets for stocks and bonds .
Russia ’s share of world GDP in 2007 reached 3.18 per cent .
In 2005 it amounted to 3.09 per cent , just outstripping Italy ( 2.96 per cent ) and Brazil ( 2.88 per cent ) .
In terms of the nominal volume of GDP , Russia ’s economy is the tenth largest in the world , and by the end of 2008 it is expected to be in eighth place .
Between 1999 and 2007 Russia ’s GDP grew by 83 per cent .
The volume of industrial production grew by 74 per cent , and that of agricultural produce by 40 per cent .
Of the various sectors of Russian industry , the strongest have been the extraction of energy sources ; paper and cellulose production ; metallurgy , and electricity generation .
In 2007 Russia produced 491.5 tonnes of oil and gas condensate .
The rise in output for the year was 2.2 per cent .
In 2006 it also came to 2.2 per cent , and in 2005 reached 7.9 per cent .
Russia ’s foreign trade turnover grew in 2007 by 25.8 per cent , to $ 552.2 billion .
The trade surplus was $ 152.8 billion .
Figures for 2006 put the share of crude oil and natural gas in the country ’s exports at 46.2 per cent .
Diesel fuel accounted for a further 6.7 per cent , heavy fuel oil for 4.5 per cent , and other oil products including gasoline for 3.4 per cent .
The share of metals and other raw materials for foreign industry accounted for roughly an additional 20 per cent .
In the country ’s imports , first place was taken by machinery and equipment , accounting for 35.7 per cent , while vehicle imports made up a further 10 per cent .
The Russian economy is maintaining healthy levels of growth , with rates of increase in GDP similar to those of last year .
In 2007 Russia ’s GDP rose by 8.1 per cent , reaching $ 1280 billion .
Investments increased by 20 per cent , and the volume of industrial production was up by 6.3 per cent .
Government plans envisage results for 2008 superior to those of last year , while the IMF predicts that Russian GDP will grow this year by 7.8 per cent .
Levels of state investment are high .
Russia ’s economic boom , however , is not only the result of high energy prices , but also of the exhaustion of opportunities in other markets .
Counting on steady development over the next few years , Russian corporations are increasing their indebtedness to foreign banks .
These banks in turn are eagerly providing credit to Russian corporate clients , even when they lack any clear idea of whether the businesses concerned are well run .
The security for the loans consists not so much of reliable information on the prospects of a particular Russian company , as a general positive view of the prospects for the Russian market .
But against the generally positive background for Russia in 2008 , negative tendencies have appeared as well .
According to official figures , inflation in Russia in 2007 came to 11.9 per cent .
Prices of mass consumption goods , primarily foodstuffs , rose by 25 to 50 per cent .
In 2008 the growth of inflation has been even more marked , with the rates exceeding those of last year by 70 per cent .
Measures taken by the government to freeze prices have had little effect .
Keeping the growing inflation in check has not been possible within the national framework .
State analysts have been powerless to explain the causes behind the devaluation of world currencies .
The order by the new Russian president that inflation should be halted has remained unfulfilled .
The result as of this summer is that the growth of consumer trade has slowed somewhat , while the growth of wages has been less than that of inflation .
According to the neoliberal understanding of the economy , these signs do not provide a basis for serious concern .
Throughout the whole period of economic growth , the cheapening of labour power has been viewed by the government as one of the country ’s competitive advantages .
In Russia new paper money , mainly in the form of 1000 and 5000 ruble bills , has been thrown onto the market and has increased the volume of money faster than the growth of production .
The new money has entered the economy not through a substantial increase in wages and pensions , which would have helped boost demand and stimulated an increase in production , but through the acquisition by resource corporations of inflationary dollars .
As a result , controlled inflation has helped to restrain growth of the incomes of the population .
The policy of emission of the European Union and the US has been analogous .
In the conditions of world economic upturn , this policy raised the profits of large companies .
But while the growth of wages in Russia has been restrained with the help of emission , in the “ old industrial countries ” the growth of prices has helped the corporations to reduce the payment for labour .
The implementing of this policy , along with the transfer of production to the global periphery , has led in 2008 to the beginning of a systemic crisis of the world economy .
Continuing to act in accordance with its earlier schema , the Russian government is ignoring the trends of the global crisis .
Amid falling consumption in the US , Great Britain and the European Union , the main reason why investors are discovering attractions in Russia ( and in the other BRIC countries ) has been the extensive domestic market .
Any narrowing of this market is capable causing Russia severe problems even before oil prices fall perceptibly .
Even before the end of 2008 the first declines can be expected on the Russian housing market , due to a national mortgage crisis .
As a result of swiftly rising prices the real incomes of the Russian “ middle class ” have begun to fall , exacerbating the problems of paying off mortgage loans .
In order to secure themselves against risks , the banks have made obtaining loans more difficult , and have begun tightening their policy in relation to debtors who are unable to meet their financial commitments on time .
Interest rates have been raised .
The process of issuing mortgage and consumer credits , which was stopped for a short time because of panic on the world market , was quickly renewed .
While closely linked to the world economy as a supplier of raw materials , Russia since the 1990s has remained relatively closed - off for transnational corporations .
Because of this , strong Russian corporations have been able to take shape , something that has not happened in Kazakhstan or in most of the countries of Eastern Europe .
Russia ’s powerful economic revival of the years from 2000 to 2007 took place under conditions that included only limited access for foreign capital .
The right to operate on the domestic market was bestowed by the Kremlin , often only in exchange for the opening to Russian capital of access to the markets of other countries .
Large Russian companies raised capital freely on the world market , while the country ’s domestic market was closed to cheap credits .
Banks belonging to Russian corporations pursued a policy of speculation , granting credit to small business and the population at usurious interest rates that exceeded 7 per cent .
As a result , the development of the internal market and of companies oriented to it was held back , while Russian transnational corporations were assured of additional profits .
Under the present macroeconomic conditions , persisting with this policy is serving to draw the Russian economy into the global crisis .
Despite the vigorous growth of the past few years , the Russian domestic market remains extremely dependent on world prices for raw materials .
Any dip in these prices is instantly reflected in the state of this market .
Within the framework of the Russian economy , the mortgage market is more vulnerable than the raw materials corporations .
At present , property prices in Russia are significantly higher than in Europe as a whole , if we take account of the fact that most of the apartments are still of low quality .
This situation exists due to the extreme monopolisation of the housing market , something that is especially evident in Moscow .
The speculative property prices are maintained with the support of the state bureaucracy , which defends the large companies that are linked to it .
Existing alongside the high cost of houses and apartments in Russia are extremely inflated annual rates of interest .
Obtaining loans at 3 to 5 per cent , Russian banks give credit to the population at rates several times higher ( as much as 25 per cent ) , and often impose penalties if debts are paid off ahead of time .
The monthly incomes of families in the Russian “ middle class ” rarely exceed 2500 euros .
In the structure of Russian society the proportion of people who earn between 300 and 800 euros is not greater than 17 per cent , while the proportion of workers who receive from 800 to 1500 euros fluctuates in the region of 7 per cent .
Paying huge interest rates on overvalued dwellings , debtors are constantly on the verge of family bankruptcy .
The living standards of most Russians have already been undermined by inflation .
A further devaluation of the ruble along with other currencies will rob people of the ability to make regular payments .
As soon as the crisis in the US manifests itself in the area of trade and commerce , there will be a new burst of world inflation , which will usher in a Russian mortgage crisis .
When banks foreclose on the dwellings of non-payers , this will not get them back the money spent on purchasing these houses and apartments , since the demand for property will have fallen .
If such measures are resorted to on a broad scale , they will lead to a sharp fall of prices in the housing market .
Not even the complete domination of the construction sector by monopolies will be able to withstand this process .
In order to avoid a collapse of the housing market in Russia as a result of massive problems with servicing debts , it is proposed to introduce procedures for individual bankruptcy .
Both the debtors themselves and the creditors would be able to initiate these procedures .
Introducing such a law , however , would not prevent a crash of the housing market , but would merely guarantee that the banks get their money back .
The upshot is that in the most difficult period of the global crisis , the middle layers will be forced to pay back large debts to the banks , at the same time as housing is devalued due to the inevitable fall of demand .
By the winter of 2008 the total value of mortgage agreements in Russia could exceed $ 30 billion .
According to Central Bank data , the ruble indebtedness of physical individuals to the banks as of 1 April 2008 stood at 2799 billion rubles .
Over the previous six months , since 1 October 2007 , it had increased by 523 billion rubles .
The total indebtedness of physical individuals in foreign currency credits now amounts to 390 billion rubles , or more than 10 billion euros .
Over the past six months this sum has increased by 8 billion rubles .
Compared to the previous period from April to October 2007 , the growth rate of the indebtedness of physical individuals fell by 16 per cent .
Meanwhile during the recently completed half - year ( from October 2007 to April 2008 ) , total mortgage credits increased by 221 billion rubles .
From April to October 2007 the corresponding growth was 200 billion rubles .
The world economic crisis has already made an impact on the banking sector of the Russian economy .
After the first stock market collapses in January and February 2008 , the Russian banks began feeling a serious deficit of ready cash .
The surplus of uncommitted funds in the world economy was replaced by an acute shortage .
For Russian companies , the possibility of obtaining foreign credit support diminished substantially , revealing the presence of economic problems within the country .
The shortage of ready cash that was afflicting the banks had become possible due to the increasing difficulties faced by debtors , especially those belonging to the middle class , in servicing their loans .
The rise in prices during the period from 2005 to 2007 was combined with growth in the category of Russian citizens receiving wages from 300 to 800 euros per month , but in practice the increase in wages did not compensate for inflation .
The result was that the broadening of the middle layers was not accompanied by any marked increase in their prosperity .
In practical terms , the doubling of the inflation rate in 2008 strengthened the negative dynamic that had caused breakdowns in the functioning of the financial institutions .
During the winter crisis of liquidity , the banks discovered that funds were quick to depart but slow to return .
The system was starting to lose its effectiveness .
A large share of the credits had now taken on the character of bad debts .
Meanwhile , the Russian financial institutions themselves remained debtors on the world market .
As a result of the panic , foreign capital flooded out of the Russian banks , revealing how short they were of their own ready cash .
To overcome the crisis of liquidity , the government resorted to placing the assets of the Pension Fund with the banks .
The issuing of mortgage and consumer credits resumed , though the terms had become stricter .
The profits obtained by the banks resumed growing .
But the government ’s measures in no way affected the logic , dictated by the world crisis , behind the fall in the real incomes of the population .
It was this which promised to ensure the collapse of the credit market .
The appreciable fall in debt repayments could at any time give rise to another liquidity shortage in the banking sector , and create serious problems for the payment of pensions .
The beginning of a commercial crisis in the US , something that is probable early in the autumn , will signal the shifting of the global crisis to a new stage , with the potential to create a new deficit of ready cash in Russian banks .
The leap in inflation that would follow would reduce the buying power of Russians still further , and could lead to a national sales crisis as early as the winter of 2008 - 2009 .
If these developments are superimposed on a collapse of world prices for energy sources , the result in Russia will be a general economic slump .
If a steep fall in oil prices occurs later , when world industry is feeling the impact of the crisis in a serious way , Russia ’s economy will continue entering slowly into crisis .
A decline in sales will lead to a contraction of domestic production .
Workers will begin to be laid off in a range of sectors not linked to exports .
Growing unemployment , along with a worldwide acceleration of inflation , will undermine demand still further .
At present this process is being restrained by an increase in investment activity by the state .
Government plans provide for investments of the order of one trillion dollars by 2020 in infrastructure projects , building roads , ports and airports .
But if the economic situation within Russia becomes more difficult , and if world oil prices fall as well , the state will not have sufficient financial resources at its disposal .
The costs faced by the government will rise sharply , at the same time as its revenues will fall .
The time needed for the completion of projects will lengthen , and the benefits they bring will be significantly less or will be postponed for an indeterminate period .
Some projects will be frozen altogether , or work will proceed on them only at a snail ’s pace .
Against a background of gold and foreign currency reserves exceeding $ 500 billion , Russia ’s foreign debt as of 1 October 2007 amounted to a mere $ 47.1 billion .
But the foreign debt of the private sector had increased by 55 per cent compared with 2006 , and according to official figures amounted to $ 272.6 billion .
The share of the Russian banks in this sum ( minus debt obligations to direct investors ) came to $ 96.9 billion , and from 2006 to 2007 rose by 63 per cent .
The main international debtors in Russia are local corporations .
Despite the unprecedented rise in prices for energy sources in recent years , the total indebtedness of leading Russian exporters is enormous , probably exceeding the official figures by a substantial margin .
Just one of Russia ’s leading firms , Rosneft , has debts of $ 100 billion .
This year , the corporation has already appealed to the Russian government for help .
It is not only incapable of paying off its debts , but even of meeting its most urgent loan obligations .
Despite the high profitability of the resource sectors , Russian corporations conduct their business in a highly inefficient manner .
The government and the resource monopolies are completely unprepared for a sharp fall in world prices for energy sources , which is viewed as a completely unrealistic scenario for any time before the early years of the next decade .
Russia holds second place in the world for the volume of its oil exports .
Oil makes up 30 per cent of the country ’s GDP , and revenues from oil sales account for two - thirds of the state budget .
Nevertheless , the government ’s calculations on continued high oil prices run directly counter to the trends in the world economy .
However high oil prices might rise ( at present they are around $ 135 per barrel ) , they are guaranteed to fall as a result of the global economic contraction .
The result of a collapse in world energy prices will be to subject Russia to the full impact of the world crisis .
There will be dramatic falls on the share market , though while oil remains expensive Russian stocks may continue to attract capital for a certain period , probably until 2009 .
The corporations will be unable on their own to pay off the debts they have contracted on the basis that world energy prices would hold firm .
The state will take to giving financial support to the largest Russian firms , providing them with subsidies and low - interest loans .
More than likely , it will also assume responsibility for payments on the urgent loans of corporations .
Meanwhile , budget revenues will contract sharply .
Capital will flee the country .
Corporations will be forced to cut their payrolls and to cancel orders placed with other firms on the domestic market .
Mass sackings will begin , and unemployment will rise .
Together with inflation , this will decisively undermine the solvency of the middle layers .
Sales on the domestic market will fall dramatically , a mortgage crisis will begin , and service enterprises will start shutting down .
Industries oriented toward the domestic market will have to reduce their output .
The economic crisis in Russia will follow the general world trend downward , and as a result of the global economic problems , will likely prove very severe .
Russia ’s economy is peripheral in nature and is subject to the trends of development of the world economy , trends that are determined by US and European corporations .
A decline in the importance of oil for the global economy will lead to a weakening of Russia ’s political influence and to a decline in the power of the resource corporations .
The crisis will sharpen all social contradictions , and will demand that Russia reorient its economic sectors .
This will very likely have severe socio-economic impacts .
The resource monopolies could lose their dominance , or be forced to concede large elements of it .
When Russia emerges from the crisis , it will be a quite different country .
The value of its oil resources to the world economy will have fallen .
But in the conditions of an ascendant economic wave , Russia ’s skilled labour and intellectual resources will inevitably be in demand .
In theory , Russia still has a chance to avoid the destructive impacts of the crisis , whose effects on raw materials exporting countries will be especially severe .
To achieve this , it will be necessary to reduce the vulnerability of the economy , which must be reoriented toward cutting - edge technological development .
The government has all the essential resources for doing this , but will undoubtedly balk at the required changes .
A structural reorientation of the economy is not in the interests of Gazprom and other resource firms ; this is why it has not been carried through in the past decade , and why it is not contemplated for the present .
Positive changes to the Russian economy can only implemented in spontaneous , primordial fashion , in a process that involves the country being overwhelmed by a massive crisis .
[ Translated for Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal ( http://links.org.au) by Renfrey Clarke . ]
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
June 13 , 2008
Appearing on the Alex Jones Show today , Dennis Kucinich , the Ohio Congressman and former 2008 Democrat presidential candidate , said if the House fails to act on his articles of impeachment , or if the articles are sabotaged in committee , he will come back with 60 articles .
Earlier this week , the maverick Congressman introduced 35 articles of impeachment against Bush .
The articles follow :
Article I
Creating a Secret Propaganda Campaign to Manufacture a False Case for War Against Iraq .
Article II
Falsely , Systematically , and with Criminal Intent Conflating the Attacks of September 11 , 2001 , With Misrepresentation of Iraq as a Security Threat as Part of Fraudulent Justification for a War of Aggression .
Article III
Misleading the American People and Members of Congress to Believe Iraq Possessed Weapons of Mass Destruction , to Manufacture a False Case for War .
Article IV
Misleading the American People and Members of Congress to Believe Iraq Posed an Imminent Threat to the United States .
Article V
Illegally Misspending Funds to Secretly Begin a War of Aggression .
Article VI
Invading Iraq in Violation of the Requirements of H. J. Res114 .
Article VII
Invading Iraq Absent a Declaration of War .
Article VIII
Invading Iraq , A Sovereign Nation , in Violation of the UN Charter .
Article IX
Failing to Provide Troops With Body Armor and Vehicle Armor .
Article X
Falsifying Accounts of US Troop Deaths and Injuries for Political Purposes .
Article XI
Establishment of Permanent U.S. Military Bases in Iraq .
Article XII
Initiating a War Against Iraq for Control of That Nation ’s Natural Resources .
Article XIIII
Creating a Secret Task Force to Develop Energy and Military Policies With Respect to Iraq and Other Countries .
Article XIV
Misprision of a Felony , Misuse and Exposure of Classified Information And Obstruction of Justice in the Matter of Valerie Plame Wilson , Clandestine Agent of the Central Intelligence Agency .
Article XV
Providing Immunity from Prosecution for Criminal Contractors in Iraq .
Article XVI
Reckless Misspending and Waste of U.S. Tax Dollars in Connection With Iraq and US Contractors .
Article XVII
Illegal Detention : Detaining Indefinitely And Without Charge Persons Both U.S. Citizens and Foreign Captives .
Article XVIII
Torture : Secretly Authorizing , and Encouraging the Use of Torture Against Captives in Afghanistan , Iraq , and Other Places , as a Matter of Official Policy .
Article XIX
Rendition : Kidnapping People and Taking Them Against Their Will to “ Black Sites ” Located in Other Nations , Including Nations Known to Practice Torture .
Article XX
Imprisoning Children .
Article XXI
Misleading Congress and the American People About Threats from Iran , and Supporting Terrorist Organizations Within Iran , With the Goal of Overthrowing the Iranian Government .
Article XXII
Creating Secret Laws .
Article XXIII
Violation of the Posse Comitatus Act .
Article XXIV
Spying on American Citizens , Without a Court - Ordered Warrant , in Violation of the Law and the Fourth Amendment .
Article XXV
Directing Telecommunications Companies to Create an Illegal and Unconstitutional Database of the Private Telephone Numbers and Emails of American Citizens .
Article XXVI
Announcing the Intent to Violate Laws with Signing Statements .
Article XXVII
Failing to Comply with Congressional Subpoenas and Instructing Former Employees Not to Comply .
Article XXVIII
Tampering with Free and Fair Elections , Corruption of the Administration of Justice .
Article XXIX
Conspiracy to Violate the Voting Rights Act of 1965 .
Article XXX
Misleading Congress and the American People in an Attempt to Destroy Medicare .
Article XXXI
Katrina : Failure to Plan for the Predicted Disaster of Hurricane Katrina , Failure to Respond to a Civil Emergency .
Article XXXII
Misleading Congress and the American People , Systematically Undermining Efforts to Address Global Climate Change .
Article XXXIII
Repeatedly Ignored and Failed to Respond to High Level Intelligence Warnings of Planned Terrorist Attacks in the US , Prior to 911 .
Article XXXIV
Obstruction of the Investigation into the Attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
Article XXXV
Endangering the Health of 911 First Responders .
Alarmist Claim Rebuttal Overview
With updates through
09/24/20
Below are a series of rebuttals of the 13 most common climate alarmists ’ claims such as those made in the recently released Fourth National Climate Assessment Report .
The authors of these rebuttals are all recognized experts in the relevant fields .
For each alarmist claim , a summary of the relevant rebuttal is provided along with a link to the full text of the rebuttal , with graphics and includes the names and the credentials of the authors of each rebuttal .
* Heat Waves - have been decreasing since the 1930s in the U.S. and globally .
* Hurricanes - the decade just ended as the second quietest for landfalling .
hurricanes and landfalling major hurricanes in the U.S since the 1850s .
* Tornadoes - the number of strong tornadoes has declined over the last half century .
More active months occur when unseasonable cold spring patterns are present .
* Droughts and Floods - there has no statistically significant trends
* Wildfires - decreasing since the very active 1800s .
The increase in damage in recent years is due to population growth in vulnerable areas and poor forest management .
See Australia Wildfire story here .
See 2020 Western Wildfire September 14th Update here .
See this analysis that shows how public lands are ablaze but private lands are not because they are properly managed here .
Enlarged
* Snowfall - has been increasing in the fall and winter in the Northern Hemisphere and North America with many records being set .
* Sea level - the rate of global sea level rise on average has fallen by 40 % the last century .
Where today , it is increasing - local factors such as land subsidence are to blame .
See how sea level trends are being adjusted here .
* Arctic , Antarctic and Greenland Ice - the polar ice varies with multidecadal cycles in ocean temperatures .
Current levels are comparable to or above historical low levels .
Arctic ice returned to higher levels with a very cold winter in 2019 / 20 .
Ice was highest level since 2013 .
See update here on the AMO , PDO ocean cycles , the Solar and Arctic temperatures .
* Alaska July 2019 heat records / winter 2019 / 20 cold - the hot July resulted from a warm North Pacific and reduced ice in the Bering Sea late winter due to strong storms .
Record ice extent occurred with record cold in 2012 .
2019/20 has been the third coldest winter in Fairbanks since the Great Pacific Climate Shift in the late 1970s .
* ” Ocean Acidification ” - when life is considered , ocean acidification ( really slightly reduced alkalinity ) is a non-problem , or even a benefit .
* Carbon Pollution as a health hazard - carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) is an odorless invisible trace gas that is plant food and it is essential to life on the planet .
CO2 is not a pollutant .
* Climate change is endangering food supply - the vitality of global vegetation in both managed and unmanaged ecosystems is better off now than it was a hundred years ago , 50 years ago , or even a mere two - to - three decades ago thanks in part to CO2 .
* There is a 97 % consensus that climate change is man-made - a 97 % consensus is a convenient fiction meant to bypass the scientific method and sway public opinion and drive societal changes and policies that support political agendas .
See the detailed rebuttals here .
Each section details claim and links to a detailed scientific analysis with supporting graphics and lnks .
Support our efforts here .
Please help Support our efforts if you are able here .
UPDATE : Before you read and trust any of the government , AMS , research center or environmental advocacy organization “ state of the climate ” nonsense see one that can be trusted by Professor Ole Humulm here .
Also Dr. Charles Battig in American Thinker on A Winning Trifecta for Climate Science and rationality here .
Also Bjorn Lomborg ’s well resourced book False Alarm ( How Climate Change Panic Cost Us Trillions , Hurts the Poor , and Fails to Fix the Planet .
-----------
Joseph D’Aleo , CCM
Government agencies , energy companies , auto and major corporations are increasing their support of decarbonization programs and policies ( including taxes , mandated reduction of our use of fossil fuels , pushing not ready for prime time alternatives ) .
This has proved to be a disaster where this unwise radical agenda has been imposed .
CO2 - NOT A POLLUTANT BUT THE GAS OF LIFE
CO2 is a beneficial trace gas ( 0.04 % of our atmosphere ) .
With every breath we emit out 100 times more CO2 than we breathe in so it is not harmful .
The increase in CO2 has caused a significant greening of the earth , with increased crop yields feeding more people at lower cost .
Enlarged
Dr. Craig Idso of CO2 Science noted recently “ Carbon dioxide is not a pollutant and it is most certainly not causing dangerous global warming .
Rather , its increase in the atmosphere is invigorating the biosphere , producing a multitude of benefits for humanity and the natural world , notwithstanding the prognostications of the uninformed . ”
Dr. Will Happer , Princeton Physicist talks about the great benefits of CO2 to the biosphere and to all of humanity .
says we are coming out of a CO2 drought and humanity would benefit from CO2 being 2 to 3 times higher .
Dr Patrick Moore , ecologit and co-founder of Greenpeace says we are coming out of a CO2 drought and humanity would benefit from CO2 being 2 to 3 times higher .
It ’s not the first time we were told we faced an existential threat due to ‘ climate change ’ .
In 1970 , Stanford ’s Paul Ehrlich warned that because of population growth , climate stress ( then cold ) and dwindling energy that between 1980 and 1989 , some 4 billion people , including 65 million Americans , would perish in the “ Great Die - Off ” which was too late to stop .
Even as each subsequent dire forecast failed ( see how the alarmist / media record is perfect ( 100 % wrong ) in the 50 major claims made since 1950 here ) , the alarms continued , each pushing the date forward - 2000 , 2020 , and now 2030 .
Last summer , at Glacier National Park signs “ Warning : glaciers will be gone by 2020 ” were quietly removed as ice and snow has increased .
The greenhouse climate models used to predict the future have all failed miserably .
Enlarged
That is because they have used failed assumptions and models tuned to manipulated ( fraudulent ) data .
Dr. Mototaka here exposes that : " The supposed measuring of global average temperatures from 1890 has been based on thermometer readouts barely covering 5 per cent of the globe until the satellite era began 40 - 50 years ago .
We do not know how global climate has changed in the past century , all we know is some limited regional climate changes , such as in Europe , North America and parts of Asia . ”
See detailed peer reviewed studies on this here .
I have spent 50 years focusing on attribution science - starting with my Master ’s thesis on what caused bomb east coast snowstorms in winter .
I have spent the decades doing correlations of weather patterns and extremes with natural factors .
The last few years , I worked with a team of scientific experts evaluated today today ’s 12 most commonly reported claims and found them all either unfounded and explainable by natural factors - see here .
Tony Heller has a kick butt video that exposed the fraud using a unique data tool that exposed their tricks and the real story .
Heat records have declined since the 1930s , which holds 22 of the 50 state hottest ever temperature records .
The 2010 ’s was the second quietest decade for landfalling hurricanes and major hurricanes since 1850 .
It was the quietest decade for tornadoes since tracking began in the 1950s .
Sea level rises have slowed to 4 inches / century globally .
Arctic ice has tracked with the 60 - year ocean cycles and is similar to where it was in the 1920s to 1950s .
NOAA could find no evidence of increased frequency of floods and droughts ( last spring had the smallest % of US in drought on record ) .
Snow which the university scientists here predicted would disappear , actually has set new records ( fall and winter ) for the hemisphere and North America , and both Boston and NYC have had more snow in the 10 years ending 2018 than any other 10 year period back to the late 1800s .
Wildfires cause havoc but were far more prevalent before the forest management , fire suppression and grazing of the 1900s .
They are problems now because more have left the failing cities to move out of state or to the beauty of the foothills .
The power lines to service them can spark new fires when the cold air rushes through the mountain passes this time of years downing trees onto the power lines .
In the U.S. , with low cost energy , low taxes and elimination of stifling regulations , we had the lowest unemployment for the nation in decades or history and for the first time in a long time significant wage increases !
Here in NH , we had the lowest unemployment in the nation .
The U.S. is energy independent , a long time thought unachievable goal .
Our air and water is cleanest in our lifetimes well below the tough standards we put in place decades ago .
The real existential threat comes would come from radical environmentalism and their prescribed remedies .
The climate scare is politically driven , all about big government and control over every aspect of our lives .
AOC ’s chief of staff Saikat Chakrabarti in May admitted that the Green New Deal was not conceived as an effort to deal with climate change , but instead a “ how - do - you - change - the - entire economy thing ” - nothing more than a thinly veiled socialist takeover of the U.S. economy .
He was echoing what the climate change head of the UN climate chief and the UN IPCC Lead Author said - that is was our best chance to change the economic system ( to centralized control ) and redistribute wealth ( socialism ) .
The economy in every country that has moved down an extreme green path have seen skyrocketing energy costs - some 3 times our levels .
Renewables are unreliable as the wind does n’t always blow nor the sun shine .
And do n’t believe the claims millions of green jobs would result .
In Spain , every green job created cost Spain $ 774,000 in subsidies and resulted in a loss of 2.2 real jobs .
Only 1 in 10 green jobs were permanent .
Industry left and in Spain unemployment rose to 27.5 % .
Many households in the countries that have gone green are said to be in “ energy poverty ” ( 25 % UK , 15 % Germany ) .
The elderly are said in winter to be forced to “ choose between heating and eating ” .
Extreme cold already kills 20 times more than heat according to a study of 74 million deaths in 13 countries .
Politicians in the northeast states are bragging that they stopped the natural gas pipeline , shut down nuclear and coal plants and blocked the northern Pass which would have delivered low cost hydropower from Canada .
In Concord , they are now scurrying to try and explain why electricity prices are 50 to 60 % higher than the national average here and are speculating they have not moved fast enough with wind and solar .
Several states have even established zero carbon emissions .
This will lead to soaring energy prices and life - threatening blackouts .
For a family of 4 in a modest house with 3 cars , the energy costs could increase over $ 10,000 / year
( based on a sample of households and their energy costs multiplied by 3 as has occurred in countries with a onerous green agenda ) .
And by the way like in Europe where this plan was enacted or planned , many will lose their jobs .
They are being told what ( if ) they can drive and what they can eat .
Prosperity always delivers a better life AND environment than poverty .
REALITY CHECKS LARGELY GETTING NO MEDIA ATTENTION
There are a few recent important reports that show what the impact of these plans are likely to be .
The radical environmentalists and globalists believe that people are stupid and can be counted on to believe what government leaders , progressive think tanks and the well paid scientific cabal say .
There are a few recent reports that show what the real impact of some of these plans now on the drawing board are likely to be and they are very scary .
U.S. CHAMBER OF COMMERCE’S GLOBAL ENERGY INSTITUTE’S ENERGY ACCOUNTABILITY SERIES 2020
Candidates for elected office have pledged to ban the very technology that has enabled the boom ( and the never thought possible energy independence ) - fracking .
This raises an important question : what would happen to American jobs and the economy if fracturing was banned ?
In this report , the Chamber ’s Global Energy Institute has undertaken the modeling and analysis to answer that question .
Simply put , a ban on fracking in the United States would be catastrophic for our economy .
Our analysis shows that if such a ban were imposed in 2021 , by 2025 it would eliminate 19 million jobs and reduce U.S. Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) by $ 7.1 trillion .
Job losses in major energy producing states would be immediate and severe ; in Texas alone , more than three million jobs would be lost .
Tax revenue at the local , state , and federal levels would decline by nearly a combined $ 1.9 trillion , as the ban cuts off a critical source of funding for schools , first responders , infrastructure , and other critical public services .
Energy prices would also skyrocket under a fracking ban .
Natural gas prices would leap by 324 percent , causing household energy bills to more than quadruple .
By 2025 , motorists would pay twice as much at the pump ( $ 5/gallon +)
THE NORTHEAST PETRI -DISH - MASSACHUSETTS CASE STUDY
Massachusetts lawmakers have been aggressive in enacting policies they believe to combat climate change .
Policymakers passed the Global Warming Solutions
Act and joined the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative intending to reduce the state ’s GHG emissions .
As a result you can see Massachusetts tops all the other lower 48 states in the cost of electricity according to the EIA ( 173.1 % of the average of the lower 48 states ) .
Right up there with Massachusetts are all the other northeast RGGI states and not surprisingly California .
Enlarged
For Massachusetts this is before the introduction of the Transportation Climate Initiative or TCI , the next big over the cliff proposed effort to kill fossil fuels
The Beacon Hill Institute for Public Policy Research produced a very detailed report Transportation Climate Initiative : Its Economic Impacts on Massachusetts
They write “ The Transportation and Climate Initiative of the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic States ( TCI ) describes itself as “ a regional collaboration of 12 Northeast and Mid-Atlantic states and the District of Columbia that seeks to improve transportation , develop the clean energy economy and reduce carbon emissions from the transportation sector . ”
Massachusetts is a participating state .
The founding document for the TCI is a “ Declaration of Intent , ” issued in 2010 and signed by transportation and environmental officials in 11 states .
The declaration states that the purpose of the TCI is “ to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , minimize our transportation system ’s reliance on high - carbon fuels , promote sustainable growth , address the challenges of vehicle - miles traveled and help build the green energy economy . ”
The Initiative is “ facilitated ” by the Georgetown Climate Center , which worked closely with the Obama administration in its to design and implement climate change ( fossil fuel elimination ) policies .
BHI examined three scenarios - plans for 20 % , 22 % and 25 % reductions of CO2 emissions from gasoline and diesel vehicles .
The midpoint TCI analysis for the period 2022 - 2026 for a 22 % reduction of gasoline and diesel emissions would lead to a total loss of 36,533 jobs with increased energy cost per household of $ 3,037 in Massachusetts .
The Green New Deal presented the ideal radical left desires to change life as we know it .
It is more likely change will continue to be incremental .
And these studies show , the actions are not supported by real data and honest science , and the pain will be significant .
“ If you do n’t know where you are going , you might end up somewhere else . ”
Yogi Berra
Right now COVID - 19 has taken up all the country ’s ( world ’s ) attention and coverage .
After the country goes back to work and before the election we need to work hard to increase awareness of the fraud behind the scare and the extreme damage that could result from the ideologically driven policies .
It is an uphill battle for those of us fighting it and one with little or no support .
Dr. Thomas P. Sheahen , Dr. James P. Wallace III & ABD .
Joseph S. D’Aleo
The greenhouse effect makes this planet more hospitable .
Greenhouse gas molecules in the atmosphere keep the planet warmer than it would otherwise be by re-radiating some of the energy back toward the earth - in a process called back radiation .
Water vapor is by far the most important greenhouse gas .
Much of the discussion of the greenhouse effect has been rooted in an incorrect picture of the atmosphere : nearly all climate models begin by assuming “ dry air ” as the gas .
As shown in Figure 1 , that assumption yields this picture of the atmosphere :
Enlarged
Mentioning H2O ( Water vapor ) in an asterisk is definitely not the right way to go about it .
Dry air does not exist in nature , but must be created in the laboratory with specialized equipment .
Therefore , the above picture seriously misrepresents the reality of air and the reality of the greenhouse effect .
In reality , the greenhouse gases ( GHGs ) comprise a small finite fraction of the atmosphere , and H2O is by far the most important of them .
In the pie-chart shown in Figure 2 below , we illustrate better how the greenhouse effect is “ divvied up ” in the real world , unlike the imaginary world of dry air .
Figure 2 : Breakdown of the “ natural ” greenhouse effect by contributing gas .
IPCC ReportAR - 1. 1992 .
( Because halocarbons are industrial gases they are not represented here ) .
However , to draw even this graph , it was necessary to choose some specific amount of water vapor in a representative atmospheric model .
That ’s not a very reliable way to guess ( given the forecast reliability of climate models ) , but it ’s far better than guessing zero , which is the case with “ dry air . ”
In Figure 2 , 28 % of the greenhouse effect is attributed to “ other gases ” which are almost entirely CO2 .
That percentage is very likely way too high .
The magnitude of CO2’s influence is now being challenged worldwide See 1 , 2 .
However , the point we wish to make herein is about methane ( CH4 ) and its actual greenhouse impact , not that of CO2 .
In the U.S. , regulation of methane emissions from numerous sources is currently being debated .
Currently , this debate is not at all about the scientific basis for regulation , but rather totally about the costs involved with regulating various sources .
However , contrary to the common assertions , the GHG temperature impact of methane is negligible 3 .
Thus , water vapor and clouds are primarily responsible for the greenhouse gas ( GHG ) effect .
Climate modelers have tried to model this highly complex thermodynamic process by starting with dry air and then introducing H2O as a “ feedback ” effect .
That clearly does n’t work as shown below .
There is a huge difference between methane as a confined gas inside laboratory equipment and methane as it is found in normal air .
In the real world of real air , the very few possible absorption - lines of CH4 are utterly swamped by the prominent absorption - lines of H2O at the very same wavelengths .
Any photon that might be captured by CH4 has long since been captured by H2O .
Add to that the fact that there is very little energy in the CH4 region of the infrared spectrum ( 7.65 microns ) , because the radiation emanating from earth is centered around 15 microns and spread from about 9 microns to 30 microns .
Also , add to that the fact that CH4 concentration is about 1.8 parts per million , while H2O is about 15,000 parts per million .
As it turns out , H2O ’s impacts , including its phase - change - related impacts , overwhelm everything else in the entire “ greenhouse ” game .
The entire furor over methane ( and the “ cow farts ” which are good for some giggles ) is simply a result of imagining an atmosphere having an idealized chemical - laboratory setting instead of thinking of the earth ’s actual atmosphere , made up of real air , which contains H20 - lots of it , not to mention the enormous oceans always ready to evaporate more H2O upon warming .
The mechanism by which methane goes away is this : being far lighter than air ( atomic weight 16 ) , CH 4 drifts from the surface ( where its origin is termites , wetlands , rice paddies and a little from human and animal activities , etc. ) up through the troposphere into the stratosphere .
There it is soon oxidized to H2O and CO2 .
That happens in the daytime , aided by solar photons .
( CH4 and O2 molecules do n’t just automatically combine when nearby , and infrared photons are too weak to energize the reaction . )
The amount of H2O in the stratosphere is about 4 or 5 ppm .
Why not zero ?
H2O was supposed to have all frozen out and turned into clouds in the upper troposphere , was it not ?
It seems very likely that virtually all the H2O molecules in the stratosphere are what is produced via the oxidation of CH4 .
But these H2O molecules are of such low density that the H2O - to - H2O collisions ( required to begin a snowflake ) would occur very infrequently .
People guess that the lifetime of CH4 in the atmosphere might be around 5 years .
That ’s a guess because it has n’t been measured well .
The many different emission sources of CH4 are ‘ ubiquitous ” , i.e. “ all over the place ” and there ’s no current way to track atmospheric CH4 concentration .
Moreover , there is more being originated every day .
But , once again , since CH4 is lighter than air , it gradually heads for the stratosphere anyway where the above mentioned chemical reaction dispenses with it !
Hence the hand - waving guess of 5 years still stands .
But , nobody cares , because CH4 goes away on its own with negligible impact on the Earth ’s temperature .
There is no place akin to Mauna Loa where CH4 atmospheric concentration has been measured over a large fraction of the past century ; thus , unlike for CO2 , any claim that a century ago CH4 concentration was half its value
today is specious .
Rather the entire fear of CH4 is based entirely on the IPCC “ Global Warming Potential ” number being a “ factor of 28 stronger ” than CO2 .
But that concept is rooted in thinking about “ dry air ” in the laboratory , not about “ real air ” in nature .
SUMMARY
Water vapor and clouds totally dominate the greenhouse gas impact on the Earth ’s temperature .
Methane emissions have negligible impact and there is no need whatsoever for their regulation .
In fact , the cost / benefit ratio associated with any attempt at regulation to reduce methane emissions would be infinite , since the “ global cooling benefit ” would be zero - not to mention the costs being huge !
1 See Data Research Report
2 See : EF DATA Comment on Christy et al Paper Press Release V5
3 See : GREENHOUSE GASES - A MORE REALISTIC VIEW at this LINK , pg. 7 - 9 & Methane and Climate , By W. A. van Wijngaarden and W. Happer , CO2 Coalition , 2020 ( Link )
There 's this very elegant way to shoot your leg off with a DVCS .
Here 's the recipe :
I create a clone of the repository A and call it B .
You create another clone of A and call it C. I add an if statement in B , fixing a bug .
You fix the same bug in C in a very similar way .
I pull your changes from C to B .
There 's a conflict around the bug since we both fixed it .
I take my patch , throwing away your nearly identical patch .
Meanwhile , your roommate pulled both B and C into his clone , D . And he had to resolve that conflict , too .
And he took your patch , and threw mine away .
Now , D and B are pushed back to A. DVCS quiz : what happens ?
Answer : the system has accurately recorded the manual merges , so it has enough information to make this new merge automatically .
It sees your patch , and it throws it away as it should according to my manual merge .
It sees my patch , and it flushes it down the toilet since that 's what your roommate said .
Net result : both patches are gone , the bug is back in business .
( Edit : it does n't work that way – bk version 4 does a different thing , and other systems reportedly do still other things .
Do you still want to read the rest of this ?..)
Which of course does n't matter , since it 's immediately discovered by the massive Automated Test Suite .
For example , if it's an OS kernel , each revision is automatically tested on all hardware configurations it should run on .
And the whole process only takes 10 minutes , according to the Ten Minute Build XP Practice .
No harm done , no reason to discuss it .
I just thought it was a curious thing worth sharing .
Maybe it 's a well - known thing , but I do n't think it is , and if I 'm right , it 's definitely lovable .
For example , here 's what BitMover , maker of BitKeeper , the common ancestor of DVCSes , has to say about this :
" It 's important to note that because BitKeeper has a star topology and its possible to share data with any repository , it 's not necessarily recommended . "
What this is trying to say is that the graph of pulls should n't be a generic graph and you 're better off with a tree .
That is , I should n't pull directly from you ; we should both pull from and push to A .
You and your roommate should also synchronize via A , or via A's " child " repository , but then you should n't push to A directly , only via that child , and so on .
If we maintain this tree structure , the same conflict will never be resolved twice , and then we wo n't get screwed when the merges are merged .
I wonder if you could detect the situations when you " merge merges " , that is , when the same conflict was resolved differently .
You could then insist on human intervention and save those humans ' bacon .
I 'm too lazy to think this out and too stupid to effortlessly see the answer , so I 'll resort to a social heuristic like all of us uber - formal nerds do .
The social heuristic is that Larry McVoy of BitMover has probably already thought about this , and found ways in which it could fail .
So I 'm not going to argue that BitKeeper merges are broken .
What I 'm going to argue , at least for the next couple of paragraphs , is that it sucks when they tell you about their superstar topology and then explain that it 's best to avoid actually using it .
Not only that , but they fail to mention a fairly frightening and , trust me , not at all unlikely scenario which could actually persuade you to follow their advice .
Because when they tell me " we have this simple model of how things work – repositories with complete local history and changes flowing between them – but you should arbitrarily restrict yourself to a subset of this model , for reasons we are n't going to share with you , even though the general case works " , when they tell me that , my reply is " I alias rm to rm - f " .
I understand how rm works , it 's fairly simple , and I do n't like to talk about it over and over again , " Are you sure ? " – yes , I 'm sure , thank you very much and good bye .
But the lovable part is , speaking of social heuristics , the lovable part is that BitMover said it right .
Because if they mentioned that fairly frightening and not at all unlikely scenario , they 'd scare people off rather than illustrate a point .
On the other hand , when they say " It 's good practice to think about how the data should flow " , most people will nod and follow whatever advice they give them .
Just imagine a team of programmers engaging in the practice of thinking about how the data should flow , dammit , all on company time .
Yeah , yeah , so BitKeeper earned a sarcastic comment on Proper Fixation .
It 's still a small price to pay for getting your message to the majority of your users .
You see , the majority of programmers are not just " irrational " as we all are , but their reliance on reasoning does n't even exceed the mean of the population , which means they barely use reasoning at all , it 's pure gut feeling .
For example , I was writing a bunch of macros in a proprietary debugger extension language .
A guy who came to talk to me looked over my shoulder , and I explained , " Debugger macros .
Very useful , a crappy language though . "
He said , " Yeah , looks like so . "
HE COULDN'T POSSIBLY KNOW THAT .
I knew he could n't .
How could he look at the code and realize that all variables were global ?
How could he know they were printed upon assignment , including loop counters ( ' cause it 's a " macro " , so it works just like assigning at the debugger console , which prints the variable ) ?
He could n't know any of that .
So why did he agree with the " crappy " part ?
Oh , I knew why .
" You mean it has dollar signs ? " Silence .
" You mean it prefixes variable names with the dollar sign , do n't you ? "
" Yeah , that . "
" Well , I like the dollar signs , helps you distinguish between your macro variables and the variables of the debugged C program .
Anything else ? "
" Well , um , yeah , it looks kinda primitive . "
Low - end Ignorant Language Bigotry quiz : if " crappy " means " has dollar signs " , what does " primitive " mean ?
Answer : no type declarations .
I 'm sure it was that , although I did n't go on and ask .
So that 's " engineers " for you .
If you want to write programs or tech docs for the average engineer , keep that picture in mind .
Or do n't .
Aim for the minority , for people who do n't work that way , under the assumption that they are the ones that actually matter the most .
I do n't know if this assumption is right , but at least it 's lofty .
Why DVCS ?
For the record , I had my share of both centralized and distributed version control systems , and today I like it distributed and I would n't ever want to go back , The Most Vexing Merge be damned .
Why ?
I 'll share my reasons with you through the story of My Last CVS To BitKeeper Exodus .
I think I 'll illustrate the engineers - and - reasoning - don't - mix point as a by - product , because that 's how that story goes .
There recently was this argument about DVCS encouraging " code bombs " , a.k.a " crawling into a cave " .
I have n't heard either of these terms , so I 've been using a term of my own – " accumulating critical mass " .
The idea is to develop in your own corner , without integrating it with the main branch .
You then show up with N KLOC of new stuff and kindly ask to merge it in .
Some people claimed this was particularly harmful for open source projects where there was no managerial authority to prevent this .
Ha !
Double ha .
In an open source project , the key maintainers may say , " you see , we can't integrate it when it 's done this way ; we 're sorry , but you should have talked to us . "
The changes will then be reimplemented or dropped on the floor .
Now , if you think that in a commercial environment a manager can easily decide to drop changes on the floor , together with the cost of implementing them and especially the cost of delaying the delivery of the features , if you think that , well , I wonder why you do .
But perhaps a manager could insist on frequent integration ?
She could try , but she'd have to deal with real or imaginary cost of merges , increasing over time and getting in the way of deliveries .
Of course there are perfect managers and perfect teams where it's all dealt with appropriately , you just have to find them .
So yeah , " code bombing " is a problem , especially in commercial projects .
But the idea that DVCS encourages it ?
Hilarity !
It 's like saying that guns encourage murder .
I prefer to think of guns as something that encourages fear of armed policemen , getting in the way of the natural instinct to club your neighbors to death .
I mean , yeah , it 's easier to code bomb with a DVCS , but with a centralized system , people use code bombing – or clubbing ?
– even more , because merging is harder , the cost of merges increases more quickly and the ability to force integration is thus lower .
The criminals are poorly equipped , but so is the police .
And this is exactly what happened to the last team stuck with CVS that I helped migrate to BitKeeper .
Everybody had their own version made up of file snapshots taken at different times and merged with the repository version to different extents .
A centralized system does n't record these local versions , so unless you immediately commit your merges , you are left with a version of a file which the system does n't know .
This means that the next merges are going to be really hard , because you 've lost your GCA , the greatest common ancestor .
So instead of a 3 - way merge , you 'll be doing a 2 - way merge , which really sucks .
So I decided to not talk about the caves they were crawling into and the code bombs they were throwing at each other .
Rather , I decided to show them how a 2 - way merge could n't do what a 3 - way merge could .
I still think it 's the ultimate argument for DVCS , because DVCS is basically about accurate recording of all versions and not just the single time line of the main trunk .
So the argument for it has to do with the benefits of such detailed recording .
So I gave this example where you start with a file having two lines :
aaa
bbb
And then I add a line , ccc , and you delete a line , aaa .
If we have the GCA ( a 3 - way merge ) , then clearly the right result is deleting aaa and adding ccc , getting this :
bbb
ccc
But with a 2 - way merge , we only have your file :
bbb
… and my file :
aaa
bbb
ccc
This can only be merged manually , because there 's no way to automatically figure out that you deleted aaa and I added ccc ; for all the tool knows , you could have done nothing and I 've added two lines , so the right merge is :
aaa
bbb
ccc
… canceling your change .
So it has to be manual merge .
Manual merge means dozens of boring deltas you have to inspect in each file .
That 's what I call " costly " .
Of course it does n't matter in a right world , where people integrate frequently and always commit their merged files to the centralized repository .
Except it was n't so in the wrong world of the CVS developers I was " helping " to upgrade to new tools ( for the last time in my life , people , for the last time in my life ) .
And I thought we could avoid the discussion of the somewhat - technical - but - largely - social reasons of the constantly increasing cost of merges , and instead we could focus on the technical benefits of the 3 - way merge and accurate GCA recording .
And of course I was wrong .
The discussion immediately shifted to " we do n't need merges " because everything is " modular " and there 's a single owner to each file .
Of course it was n't , and there was n't .
Some things were used by everybody , like the awful build scripts and the DMA code .
Some modules had two owners , or were in a transition state and had 1.5 owners , and so on .
There were merges all over the place .
And if there were n't merges and merge - related problems , how come everybody worked on their own " pirate " version which was never recorded in the main trunk and was made from a colorful variety of files partially merged at different times ?
How come changes propagated with cp and emacs - diff and not cvs update ?
And why was the tech lead so passionate about moving to BitKeeper which does n't let you partially update a repository so you have to merge everything ?
And why did everybody anxiously object that necessity if there were " no problems with merges " ?
The final result : the tech lead simply forced the migration to bk .
Everybody on the team hated me for my connection with the idea ( I was n't on their team but I used to be a likable satellite and now became a hateful satellite ) .
Developers who I thought were their best eventually ( and I mean eventually ) told me it was actually a good thing .
So it was n't a bad closure .
And still , I decided that I 'm not going to " help " anybody " deploy " any kind of " tool " in this lifetime again , roughly speaking .
Too much emotions for this programmer .
And this was supposed to show why I like DVCS , at least in the imperfect world where long - living branches occasionally happen , and the kind of reasoning I think is interesting in this context , and the kind of reasoning other people I came across found interesting .
So there were are .
P.S. Why " most vexing " ?
I thought I saw that " C++'s most vexing parse " from Scott Meyers ' Effective STL has its own Wikipedia entry , but apparently it does n't .
It 's basically a variation on the theme of C++'s declaration / definition ambiguity , and I liked the term , especially the " most " part where parses are unambiguously sorted along the vexing dimension .
So I figured " X's most vexing Y " is a good template .
I 'd like to use this opportunity to say that I skimmed though Effective C++ , 3rd Edition , and …
Where do I start ?
There 's an advice to create date objects with " Date d( Day ( 31 ) , Month : : april ( ) , Year ( 2000 ) ) " or something .
That is , create special types for the constructor arguments .
Well , it does n't check that April comes without the 31th day , does it ?
The Date constructor could test for it though .
Well , why not test for April 41st in the Date constructor , too , and , ya know , spare the users some keystrokes , if you see what I mean ?
The code is verbose .
C++ compiler error messages are verbose .
VERBOSITY EVERYWHERE !
Help !
This raises the question to the author , whether he ever worked with a system where every piece of data comes covered with the toxic waste of overzealous static typing .
But this borders on an ad hominem attack .
And seriously , that sort of thing is to be avoided , at least until somebody proposes to have named constants for days or years and not just months .
So instead of the personal attack , I 'll ask Software Development Consultants , all of them , to kindly change the phrasing " it 's best to do so and so " to " I like so and so " or something .
Because we have this huge crappy - dollar - sign crowd , and they copy style from each other like crazy , and their ultimate source of style is books by Software Development Consultants , and whenever they see a " best practice " , their common sense is turned off and they add the technique to the bag of tricks .
So Consultants have a great power in this world .
It does n't make the common sense shut - off feature their fault , but power they do have .
And with great power comes great responsibility , profanity deleted .
I mean , you 're obviously giving advice neither you nor others have tested for very long , out of generic principles , profanity deleted .
Like " prefer algorithms such as for_each to loops " , an advice issued before fully compliant implementations of STL were even widely available , profanity deleted .
Quite a piece of advice , that , profanity deleted .
Could n't you at least phrase your advices in a little less self - assured way , fucking profanity deleted ?
For example , Meyers has finally lowered the bridge and let the enemy of template metaprogramming occupy a notable share of pages in an Effective C++ edition .
I still remember his promise to " never write about templates " , in the preface to Modern C++ Design , I think .
And now the promise is broken .
Hordes of clueless weenies are rushing into the minefield of template metaprogramming as we speak , since it 's now officially Mainstream C++.
Can you imagine the consequences ?
I can't .
It 's too awful .
I think I 'll go to sleep now .
France has suggested an amendment to the pan-European Telecoms Package , which would bar broadband access to anyone who persists in illegally downloading music or films .
Last month , the government of Nicolas Sarkozy insisted on a similar " three - strikes - and - you ' re - out " scheme for France .
Under a cross-industry agreement , ISPs would have to cut off access for up to a year for third - time offenders .
Sarko believes " there is no reason that the internet should be a lawless zone " .
The French legislation , which still needs to be examined by the Senate and eventually by the National Assembly , is facing fierce criticism .
The French ISP association says it is against the law .
Now Sarkozy , who took over the European presidency this week , is trying to stretch the measure across Europe through amendments ( pdf ) to the Telecoms Package , a review of European telecoms law currently in the European Parliament .
Critics fear that through this legislation European ISPs could also be mandated to block legitimate traffic in an effort to ' prevent ' illegitimate traffic slipping by .
Some amendments will transform the ISPs from technical intermediaries into law enforcers .
Action groups Netzpolitik.org , Open Rights Group and La Quadrature du Net ( Squaring the Net ) have been actively campaigning on the issue .
They believe the amendments will " pave the way for the monitoring and filtering of the internet by private companies , exceptional courts and Orwellian technical measures " .
The Industry Committee and Internal Market Committees will vote on the telecom package on Monday .
The plenary discussion and vote for the whole package will take place in September . ®
The corporation as a legal entity and an economic institution is a big chunk of what ’s wrong with the world .
There are a lot of statements that could be made in support of that , a lot of arguments to be offered , but right now I ’m just going to focus on one in particular : the problem of corporate responsibility .
In a sole proprietorship , the owner of the company is the ultimate sole determinant of company policy .
He or she can make any decision about how the business should deal with matters of internal policy , marketing , product and service development , and conscientious coexistence with the rest of the world .
The sole proprietor is the final arbiter of matters of conscience , and he or she must live with the decisions he or she makes .
Period .
When a corporation is created , it becomes a legal entity in its own right .
The “ owners ” become “ shareholders ” , with stakes in the company ’s success .
An executive is appointed the task of making the sorts of decisions that a sole proprietor would likely have made , and the shareholders do not simply sit around making such decisions themselves .
Their decision - making power is mostly related to purchasing and sale of stock , and appointment of a Chief Executive Officer .
The CEO ’s job — his or her responsibility — is primarily to the success of the corporation as an investment of the shareholders ’ resources .
He is legally beholden to such success .
He has an ethical mandate to serve that end , and anything that stands in the way of that end is secondary at best .
Period .
Shareholders are thus insulated from responsibility for the consequences of the corporation ’s policies , both personally and legally .
They not only do n’t have a hand in the day to day decisions that might keep a sole proprietor up at night worrying about issues of right and wrong , but they should n’t know — that ’s much of the point of having a corporation in the first place .
They also have no direct legal worries about responsibility for the corporation ’s policies as defined and enacted by the CEO .
A common statement in online discussion in the last few years , in my experience , is that a CEO has a fiduciary responsibility to the shareholders .
One of the more common formulations of that is “ The corporation has a responsibility to the shareholders . ”
This kind of statement is often immediately followed by a reminder that the law actually enforces this responsibility , and if a corporation ’s officers act in a manner inconsistent with trying to provide the greatest return on investment legally possible ( even to the point of pushing the envelope of legality ) , they can be held accountable .
This sort of thing is usually brought up in defense of corporate policies in pursuit of market domination , such as the ruthless manner in which Microsoft seeks to shut others out of markets , crush potential competition through dirty tricks , and double - deal with its own customers .
Bring up the way Steve Ballmer makes specious threats about software patents violated by software that existed before Microsoft did , and some chucklehead will point out the man ’s fiduciary responsibility to “ protect the intellectual property of Microsoft in the interests of its shareholders ” .
Never mind the obviously underhanded scare tactics and strongarm bullying .
When faced with a situation like that , your choices are :
Abide by the responsibilities you accepted when taking the job of CEO , but act in an otherwise unethical manner , because that unethical behavior is n’t as legally actionable as failure in your fiduciary responsibility to your shareholders .
Act in an otherwise ethical manner , but forsake your fiduciary responsibilities , which is not only unethical to some extent itself but also a great way to open yourself up to legal action .
Take the high road , and resign , thus violating no ethical limits on your behavior at all .
Notice Ballmer is still CEO of Microsoft .
It ’s corporate law that creates this problem — and “ corporate responsibility ” , for all its scapegoating value as an excuse , is the problem .
It not only creates conflicts of interest and ethics , but also makes sure nobody really has to believe that he or she is to blame for any of the bad things that are done in a corporation ’s name .
As long as they do what they ’re supposed to do as shareholders and / or officers of a corporation , they are doing “ the right thing ” by some measure ; if the wrong thing ultimately gets done , it ’s not their fault .
Really .
Even worse , that ’s true a lot of the time .
It ’s entirely possible that everybody involved does the right thing , within the limited framework of their own role to play , but that it will all add up to some very wrong things being done .
It ’s the sort of paradoxical case of both nobody and everybody being to blame that can only exist when elaborate mechanisms for separation of individuals from personal responsibility for their part in greater actions are put in place .
In other words , it ’s the sort of situation where everyone being diligent and ethical to the best of their ability can lead to evil ends only because of the existence of that fictional entity , the “ corporation ” .
Corporate responsibility applies to far more than just CEOs , of course .
Every officer , every functionary , every low - level intern labors under the yoke of corporate responsibility , and contributes as cogs in the cold , juggernaut clockwork of the amoral corporation .
All of this adds up to a tremendous , pervasive wrongness in the socioeconomic system within which we live — but is just one drop in the bucket of what ’s wrong with corporate law , and of how corporate economies interfere with the workings of a free market , an ethical criminal justice system , a political system of checks and balances , and myriad other influences on our way of life .
Dallas
WITH food prices soaring throughout Asia , Africa and Latin America , and shortages threatening hunger and political chaos , the time could not be worse for an epidemic of stem rust in the world ’s wheat crops .
Yet millions of wheat farmers , small and large , face this spreading and deadly crop infection .
The looming catastrophe can be avoided if the world ’s wheat scientists pull together to develop a new generation of stem - rust - resistant varieties of wheat .
But scientists must quickly turn their attention to replacing almost all of the commercial wheat grown in the world today .
This will require a commitment from many nations , especially the United States , which has lately neglected its role as a leader in agricultural science .
Stem rust , the most feared of all wheat diseases , can turn a healthy crop of wheat into a tangled mass of stems that produce little or no grain .
The fungus spores travel in the wind , causing the infection to spread quickly .
It has caused major famines since the beginning of history .
In North America , huge grain losses occurred in 1903 and 1905 and from 1950 to ’ 54 .
During the 1950s , I and other scientists , first in North America and later throughout the world , developed high - yielding wheat varieties that were resistant to stem rust and other diseases .
These improved seeds not only enabled farmers around the world to hold stem rust at bay for more than 50 years but also allowed for greater and more dependable yields .
Indeed , with this work , global food supplies rapidly increased and prices dropped .
An ancient astronomy calculator appears to show the four - year cycle of the early Greek competitions that inspired today 's Olympic Games .
Newly uncovered inscriptions on the 2,100 year - old device reveal names linked to the Olympiad cycle of games once celebrated among ancient Greek city - states .
" It 's a surprise to find this on what we thought was an astronomical instrument , " said Alexander Jones , a science historian at New York University who coauthored a study on the findings that are detailed this week in the journal Nature .
Scientists have long studied the Antikythera Mechanism as a complex gearwheel system that displays the date , positions of the sun and moon , lunar phases , a 19 - year calendar , and a 223 - month eclipse prediction dial .
But the latest findings suggest the mechanism had applications beyond mathematical astronomy .
" It 's not an instrument of pure science , " Jones told LiveScience .
He added that it demonstrates " the relationship of cosmic time to human time . "
Studying the mechanism has proven challenging , because it remains fragile and encrusted with grime after divers retrieved it in 1901 from the shipwreck of a 1st - century B.C. Roman merchant ship .
Over the past several years , 3 - D X - ray scanners have helped reveal more of what amounts to a user 's manual inscribed within the layers .
" The first clues that suggested a link with the ancient cycle of Greek games came when the word ' NEMEA ' was read near a small subsidiary dial on the Mechanism , " said Tony Freeth , a scientist with Images First Ltd. in the U.K. and coauthor on the Nature study .
That name stood for the Nemean Games , one of the crown games in the Olympiad cycle .
Other names that eventually resurfaced included ' ISTHMIA " for the games at Corinth , ' PYTHIA ' for the games at Delphi , and finally ' OLYMPIA ' for the Olympic Games .
The researchers also deciphered the month names on the Mechanism 's 19 - year lunar cycle calendar – a possible clue to the origins of the mechanism .
" It 's not a calendar of the sort that astronomers would use , " Jones explained .
" It 's more of a regional calendar that belonged to certain Greek cities such as Corinth . "
That might suggest a link to famed Greek inventor and mathematician Archimedes , who lived in the Corinthian colony of Syracuse in Sicily about 100 years before the mechanism was constructed .
It 's possible that a descendant or student of Archimedes may have taken their cue from the master , Jones said .
But he added that the Mechanism contains knowledge of astronomy that only existed after Archimedes died in 212 B.C. , which means that the inventor did not directly build the mechanism .
Either way , the mechanism has yet to give up all its secrets .
Scientists still puzzle over the eclipse prediction dial , which has glyphs arranged at five or six month intervals around it .
The glyphs indicate whether the eclipse is lunar or solar and the time of day , but do not match up precisely with known eclipse times .
" There 's more work we need to do on this , I think , " Freeth said .
Thousands more California students will have to find their own way to school this fall , as districts slash bus routes to cope with budget shortfalls and high fuel costs .
Critics worry that the cuts will increase traffic around schools , shift costs to parents already struggling with rising gas prices and prompt more absenteeism , hurting students ’ academic achievement .
But paramount is the fear that the reductions will endanger students as more walk or drive to school .
“ All the parents , we ’ve been scrambling to try to work out car pools , ” said Wayne Tate , whose second - grader ’s bus to Castille Elementary , two miles from their home in Mission Viejo , was eliminated .
“ For somebody that young , that ’s a pretty long way to walk or ride a bike .
All you need is one kid getting hit to realize that maybe the [ savings ] was n’t worth it . ”
Districts say they have no choice .
Advertisement
“ It ’s a horribly difficult decision , ” said Larry Brown , assistant superintendent of business services at Moorpark Unified School District in Ventura County , which is eliminating bus rides for its 2,400 high school students .
“ It ’s a decision no one wants to make . ”
Unlike most other states , California does not require districts to provide home - to - school transportation except in limited circumstances .
Fewer than 15 % of the state ’s 6.3 million students ride school buses , according to a 2007 report by the state auditor ’s office .
Los Angeles Unified is among districts that do not offer the service for most students .
A year ’s worth of bus service costs an average of nearly $ 1,400 per student in urban districts and more than $ 900 per rural pupil , according to the state auditor ’s report .
The state provides less than half of the $ 1.1 billion that districts spend annually on transportation .
To make up the rest , districts dip into their general fund , the same pot of money that pays for smaller class sizes , teacher salaries and textbooks .
Many districts also require parents to buy bus passes that can cost hundreds of dollars annually per child .
But this year , in districts across the state , this method no longer works .
State education leaders report that more districts are reducing or eliminating bus service , although no agency has a complete tally .
Advertisement
In Poway Unified School District near San Diego , where parents pay $ 399 for an annual bus pass , several hazardous conditions that once qualified students for bus service -- among them living near a busy intersection or lacking a safe path or sidewalk to school -- no longer are considered .
In addition , only routes that draw at least 50 paying riders will operate .
The change leaves as many as 1,600 students of all ages without rides .
“ It ’s gotten to the point where we could not continue to do what we have historically done , ” said Tim Purvis , the district ’s director of transportation , who budgeted $ 700,000 for fuel last school year and ended up spending $ 1.1 million .
“ I have 26 years of experience in this business , and I ’ve never seen such an erratic year for fuel increases . ”
In response , private shuttle companies are offering to ferry students to school -- for $ 400 a month .
Purvis predicted that most of the students without bus service would be driven to school in family cars or neighborhood car pools .
“ School loading / unloading zones are going to be a mess , ” he said .
They also will be significantly more dangerous , according to Mike Martin , a spokesman for the American School Bus Council trade group .
Advertisement
“ School buses are . . . the safest way for kids to get to and from school , bar none , ” he said .
About 800 children are killed and 152,000 are injured annually during school travel hours ; 2 % of the deaths and 4 % of the injuries involve school buses , according to a 2002 study by the National Research Council .
The rest occur when children are walking or bicycling to school , or in family cars , particularly if a teenager is driving .
Extra cars on the roads are also prompting at least one city to threaten to sue a school district over its bus program reductions .
The Capistrano Unified School District in south Orange County eliminated 44 of its 62 bus routes , saving $ 3.5 million annually and cutting service for 5,000 students who had transportation last year , including Tate ’s youngest son .
Advertisement
City leaders in surrounding communities are threatening to sue , arguing that the district failed to consider the traffic , noise and pollution implications of its decision .
“ The school district , in making those reductions , is going to cause an impact on our students and on our neighborhoods , ” Mission Viejo Mayor Trish Kelley said .
Critics also are concerned about the long - term effect of the reductions on academic achievement .
State Supt. of Public Instruction Jack O’Connell fears that less bus service will mean lower school attendance , particularly for families struggling economically .
“ It ’s a question of our priorities as a state and as a society , ” O’Connell said .
“ Realigning bus routes . . . can potentially contribute to lower attendance and a higher dropout rate .
What effect does that have on our society ?
People less prepared to become productive members of your community and more crime . ”
Advertisement
School district officials say the situation will get worse unless the state provides more funding for transportation .
Mike Patton , Capistrano Unified ’s director of transportation , said the district had to kick in several hundred dollars for each child who rode a bus , in addition to state funding and parents paying $ 400 for annual bus passes .
Subsidizing so many students was no longer tenable , he said .
“ If the funding is not fixed for home - to - school transportation , eventually home - to - school transportation will cease to exist in California , ” he said .
“ We are a direct encroachment into the general fund .
We compete with classroom dollars and teachers ’ salaries and textbooks .
Every year , we encroach more and more .
The only way to control it is to stop providing service . ”
--
Advertisement
seema.mehta@latimes.com
Faced with new demands posed by patients in lockdown , tech has stepped up in the battle against COVID - 19 .
Since the outbreak began , demand …
5 . Being a stupid , illiterate jerk .
4 . What , ca n’t you read ?
3. Seriously , are you fucking illiterate ?
2 . Do we look like the kind of store that sells “ I just called to say I love you ” ?
And last but not least …
1. The Internet ( probably )
related :
Our customers are always right … except when they ’re wrong .
extra credit : thanks , mr. hipster
A few years back , John Malcolm , the Motion Picture Association of America 's anti-piracy director , was brainstorming new ways to combat piracy .
Fresh on the job after serving as a federal prosecutor and a Justice Department attorney , Malcolm wanted to expand the group 's efforts beyond public relations campaigns and federal lawsuits .
That 's when it occurred to him :
Why not enlist man 's best friend in the war on piracy ?
Renowned dog trainer , Nial Powell , trained Lucky and Flo , the world 's first dogs to decipher the smell of polycarbonates used in DVDs .
The dogs have discovered millions of pirated discs worldwide , and have been responsible for the arrests of dozens of people .
Photo : Courtesy of MPAA " I spent a lot of my career as a prosecutor .
I had worked with agents , the DEA , the ATF .
I was familiar with dogs that sniffed out drugs and bombs and cadaver dogs , " Malcolm said .
" I knew dogs were remarkably talented , that they could sniff out all kinds of things .
Dogs have a sense of smell that is roughly 40 times that of a human being . "
Fast - forward to today .
Malcolm 's late - 2004 vision has become reality , and the movie industry 's specially trained dogs , Lucky and Flo , are ferreting out counterfeit DVDs in piracy hotspots around the globe .
Trained to sniff out the polycarbonate used in DVDs , the two black Labrador retrievers have recovered millions of pirated discs , and collared dozens of counterfeiters in the United States , the Czech Republic , Malaysia and elsewhere .
In Malaysia , professional counterfeiters are believed to have placed a cash bounty on the heads of the disc - sniffing canines .
The dogs illustrate the lengths to which the MPAA is going in search of new and less - controversial tools to combat piracy , which the movie studios ' lobbying arm claims costs them billions in lost revenue every year .
The MPAA 's previous efforts to battle copyright infringement have raised eyebrows .
In 2005 , the Los Angeles - based group paid a hacker $ 15,000 for stolen internal records about TorrentSpy , a BitTorrent search engine that went defunct under the weight of an MPAA lawsuit .
And tricks like poisoning BitTorrent tracker sites with fake seeds have been likened to denial - of - service attacks by critics .
But who does n't like dogs ?
" This is one effort that very few people will take umbrage at for what we 're doing , " Malcolm said .
" This certainly has been one of our more successful ventures . "
The MPAA has toured Lucky and Flo around the world as part of a public relations campaign to bring attention to piracy .
The local and international press has lapped up the traveling dog shows .
Meanwhile , the tangible results produced by the canine copyright cops have sparked the interest of international law enforcement agencies .
On Wednesday , the Portuguese government announced it had just trained a dog to find DVDs .
South Africa is expected soon to announce its own disc - sniffing K - 9 unit .
The MPAA anticipates more governments will follow .
" We undertook this just as an experiment , " Malcolm said .
" We did n't know if it would work .
Lo -and - behold , it did . "
John Malcolm , the MPAA anti-piracy chief , envisioned a PR - friendly way to battle piracy : Train cute dogs to sniff out DVDs .
Photo : Courtesy of MPAA .
The dogs are most - often trotted out when authorities already suspect a warehouse or storefront is hiding an underground disc- duplication operation or large caches of discs .
One of the dogs – accompanied by his MPAA handler – tags along when police raid the location , then guides the investigators to back rooms and hidden compartments where pirated discs are hiding .
The canines have also helped police find duplication labs in the first place , sniffing around a suspect neighborhood for the scent of DVDs .
In Malaysia , the world 's first two disc - sniffing pooches , Lucky and Flo , have assisted in at least 35 raids , leading to the arrest of 26 people and the discovery of about 1.9 million pirated discs and 97 burner towers , the MPAA said .
Last year , three alleged pirates in New York were arrested after Lucky and Flo were alerted to dozens of boxes holding unauthorized discs at retail outlets in the Jamaica section of Queens .
A yellow Labrador retriever named Manny , an MPAA - trained disc - sniffer , diedlast month in Malaysia at the age of 1 .
The MPAA is awaiting an autopsy report , but suspects the dog might have been murdered .
" Word on the streets , " Malcolm said , was that disc - counterfeiting groups had put out a hit on the disc - sniffing pooches .
" We heard from enough people , we took it as a threat , " Malcolm said .
" We are very interested in getting the autopsy report .
We are very concerned .
I 'm not looking to cast aspersions .
But Manny all of a sudden died . "
To train the dogs for their mission , the MPAA turned to respected dog- whisperer Nial Powell , chairman of the Search and Rescue Dog Association of Ireland North .
His research on how to train dogs to recover underwater drowning victims is the protocol of choice for the British Institute of Professional Dog Trainers .
Powell , of Newcastle , Ireland , has taught dogs to find luckless , dead climbers on mountaintops , and to recover those killed in airline disasters , earthquakes and fires .
Training dogs to find DVDs required some creativity .
" I thought , ' Well , there 's a challenge , ' " Powell said in a recent telephone interview " The long and the short of it is that I discovered the dogs could detect the odor of DVDs .
I tested to make sure it was n't the packaging or the stickers .
It was the actual polycarbonate material . "
" I love the challenge of trying to teach a dog something different , " he said .
Powell 's experience with canines has left him with an abiding faith in their sleuthing ability .
Following the 1988 Pan Am Flight 103 air disaster – when the plane was bombed and its remains rained down on Lockerbie , in southern Scotland – Powell went there with a border collie named Pepper .
" Pepper disappeared under this wall and came out with an arm in his mouth .
I thought ' Holy mother of God , ' " Powell said .
" We spent five days there doing that . "
Before he was done , Pepper had uncovered the remains of 16 people , he said .
Powell has had similar experiences searching for the dead in the aftermath of earthquakes in Algiers and Turkey .
With the right dog , he said , " you can teach it to do anything , within reason . "
" I would select a dog on the basis of its desire to play , " he said .
" Obviously , the dog needs to be safe around people , " .
He said it took about six months to train Lucky and Flo , the world 's first disc - sniffing dogs .
The MPAA estimates it paid about $ 18,000 for both dogs .
The key to success is to get the dog to believe its task at hand equates with recovering a tennis ball , Powell said .
" What makes a dog work for me is a tennis ball .
If the dog does what I want it to do , it gets a tennis ball , " he said .
" If it does n't do what I want it to do , it does n’t get a tennis ball . "
For underwater retrievals , the dog " thinks the victim has got a tennis ball and wants to bring it back from underneath the boat , " Powell said .
" It 's all because the guy underwater has got a ball . "
The same applies to DVDs , he said .
" You teach the dog to associate the odor of a DVD with a reward , " he said .
" Once the dog associates that odor for that reward , he 's willing to search for that odor anywhere . "
Most important , he said , " The dog must not know where the reward is coming from .
If it knows it 's coming from you , the dog wo n't work for it .
The ball must appear by magic to the dog . "
For all their skill , the canines suffer some serious limitations .
For one , the dogs cannot decipher the difference between pirated and authentic DVDs .
So far , at least , there have been no reports of innocent movie fans being fingered by the pooches , but the possibility lingers over the whole operation .
Powell thinks he can solve that problem .
Some day , he might be able to train his dogs to alert on subtle chemical differences between authorized DVDs and the cheaper knockoffs produced by crooks .
" I would n’t dismiss the possibility , " he said .
Another obvious problem :
The canines are great at locating physical discs , but are of little help in catching pirated downloads .
Until a dog comes along that can sniff out a BitTorrent transfer of the latest Hollywood blockbuster , the MPAA says it wo n't be abandoning its controversial programs of litigation and peer - to - peer sabotage – even if those efforts are less warm - and - fuzzy .
Nathan Sanders ‘ recent post about functional programming in Ruby includes some advice about not trying to force too much mapping and folding into Ruby .
Here ’s how he expresses it : “ Ruby ! OOP ! Remember ? ”
But I could n’t help myself .
I spend a good deal of time these days in student mode , programming in scheme , and I really like the elegance of recursion , especially when it ’s used on data structures that support recursion and iteration , like linked lists .
So I indulged myself a bit while writing some practical Ruby code .
I marked it mentally as something I would probably have to come back to and replace , but a funny thing happened .
I still like it .
I think it works really well .
Linking up a set of objects
Here ’s the gist .
I ’m modeling grading systems for students .
Each system has a set of possible grades ( as in scores ) .
Each grade has a letter value — a string like “ A ” or “ B+ ” — and a range of number grades — 92 to 98 , or 88 to 90 .
Each student is being evaluated against some such set , and we ’re assuming there could be more than one set ( since the students go to different schools ) .
So every grade has to have a string for the letter grade .
But how about the number ranges ?
When I imagined the process of matching a number score to a letter grade , it seemed simplest to give each grade a minimum number grade , a lower boundary .
Each grade , starting with the highest one , is examined .
If the score is higher than the grade ’s minimum , then we ’ve found the grade .
If not , we should examine the next - highest grade .
It ’s an iterative process that could be handled with find .
But , scheme - infected as I am , I decided to give each grade object a link to the next grade object .
Then I could write recursive methods for the grade object with a classic scheme three - condition construct : 1 ) Is this the last object ?
Then we ’re done .
Return this object .
2 ) Is this the object that we ’re looking for ?
Then return it .
3 ) Are there any more objects ?
Then try the next one .
Here ’s the method .
I ’m sweating just a bit to expose this , since it may still prove to be stupid or naive , but nothing ventured means nothing gained .
def letter_grade_for_number( grade ) if @nxt.nil ?
self.letter_grade elsif grade > = self.min_number_grade self.letter_grade else @nxt.letter_grade_for_number( grade ) end end
Enumeration in the data , not the methods
What I like about this setup is that there ’s no enumeration code in the method .
There ’s no each or find and no blocks .
The enumeration is built into the data structure .
So each method like letter_grade_for_number can be constructed this way .
The alternative , it seems to me , would involve repeating that enumeration code in each and every method .
Not to mention kind of messy look - aheads or special cases that might arise in other methods .
There ’s also an advantage in the way other objects use this grade object .
The app I ’m building will associate grade ranges with more than one kind of object .
Instead of each of these client objects needing to maintain their own collections of grades and methods for arraying them and searching them , all they have to do is pass a message to an object , their grade object .
All the searching and finding is encapsulated behind this single object .
Does n’t that feel more object - oriented ?
Data Storage
The linked list is a bit more complicated than a simple array .
You might think it ’s tough to handle persistence .
But not really .
I defined a belongs_to / many ActiveRecord relationship between a client class and the grade range class .
Once you ’ve retrieved a set of grades , linking them together is this easy :
ranges = ranges.sort_by(&:min_number_grade ) ranges.inject( nil ) {|prev_range , range| range. nxt = prev_range range }
The inject returns the final ( highest - score ) grade , which is the head of the linked list .
Ruby ’s functional capacities are considerable , and they make recursive and iterative operations natural .
Yeah , I know : O ( n ) no! growth !
Each recursive call to a @nxt object ’s method means another method call on the stack and Theta -n growth for the memory space needed for the operation .
I would n’t do this with a list that could have thousands of members .
With a single grading system , however , I can be confident I ’ll be handling a dozen or so at most .
Hybrid Languages
Last week I posted about learning how to program in an object - oriented fashion in scheme , about which one could say , “ Lisp ! Functional !
Remember ? ”
Using a recursive structure in Ruby turns out to be less exotic than one would think .
I ’m certainly not going to start programming in Ruby as if it were scheme ( or vice versa ) , but I have decided to treat each as a hybrid language .
One in which it ’s probably easiest to use one style of programming 80 % of the time ; but in the remaining 20 % of cases , it is n’t hard to do something else if you decide that would be best .
The development of Constellation is continuing , the U.S. program that will replace the shuttle and send astronauts back to the moon .
Two unresolved issues have stood out specifically for the Orion crew vehicle : Orion is currently too heavy for the Ares vehicle to launch it from Earth , and the decision on whether Orion will land in water or on land has yet to be determined .
Originally , land landings were the preferred choice , but last December , it appeared program managers were leaning towards returning to the water landings seen during the Apollo era .
But recently NASASpaceflight.com reported on a possible solution for the weight problem that could potentially provide an improved capacity for landing on land as well .
Needing to save mass on Orion to make it lighter prompted engineers to re-design the airbags that would be part of the vehicle to as a â€œcontingency Land Landing requirement , â€ according to the article on NASASpaceflight.com .
The new airbag system uses a smaller number of airbags than the original concept .
As a result , the new airbag system is lighter .
Engineers believe the new â€ œback - upâ€ system could possibly work well enough to be the primary system and allow land landings to be what NASA calls â€œnominal , â€  or the primary , preferred means of landing .
The upside of landing on land is that thereâ€™s a better chance of being able to reuse the command module , as opposed to landing in the ocean .
Additionally , thereâ€™s some who believe returning to water landings is a step backwards for human spaceflight .
The airbags in the proposed new design are deployed out of the lower conical backshell on the Orion vehicle .
Just before landing , the airbags would inflate and wrap around the low hanging corner of the heat shield .
Upon landing , the airbags are vented at a specific pressure so that they collapse at a controlled rate to ease off the energy load of the spacecraft .
Although this new system has yet to undergo detailed analysis , initial results are viewed as promising on the ability to reduce crew loads to an acceptable level .
NASASpaceflight.com reported that another notable challenge for the Orion vehicle relates to maintaining the spacecraftâ€™s orientation to minimize chance of tumbling during descent .
A Reaction Control System ( RCS ) is being developed , which supposedly is preferred by engineers over retro rockets .
NASA did report last week the successful first full - scale rocket motor test for Orion ’s launch abort system .
This system would separate the crew module from Ares if an emergency occurred during launch .
Original News Source : NASASpaceflight.com
For decades , the unwritten motto at shellfish hatcheries in the Pacific Northwest was “ Better oysters through science . ”
Scientists mated the heartiest , fastest - growing stock to produce plumper , sweeter oysters for slurping raw on the half - shell or frying up to dip in tangy sauces .
They probed the genetic code to select for the most desirable traits of the Pacific oyster , an import from Japan that now weighs in , pound for pound , as the No. 1 aquacultured crop in the world : 4.5 million tons a year ( shells included ) valued at $ 3 billion .
They even bred out sexual organs that at certain times of the year can take up more than a third of an oyster ’s body weight and give it a soft , mushy texture .
With selective breeding and genetic fingerprinting , they were on their way to developing a super oyster resistant to summer mortality , keeping one step ahead of a warmer , more polluted planet .
Or so they thought .
Suddenly , oyster research bogged down as a riotous bloom of bacteria went on a West Coast killing spree , wiping out billions of oyster larvae .
The outbreak first shut down an oyster brood stock program run by Oregon State University in Newport , Ore. , in 2005 .
“ All we saw was our larvae were dying , ” said fisheries professor Chris Langdon , “ and we could n’t put our finger on why . ”
Then the microscopic culprit overran commercial hatcheries in Washington and Oregon , crippling production over the last couple of years and causing a shortage of oyster “ seed ” needed to replant tideland farms from Southern California to Canada .
“ It ’s pretty scary , ” said Sue Cudd , owner of Whiskey Creek Shellfish Hatchery in Netarts , Ore .
The hatchery , she said , has been drowning in costs and failing to produce sufficient oyster larvae for West Coast shellfish farmers .
“ We almost decided to close , and people panicked .
I realized if I go out of business , I take a lot of people with me . ”
Science has identified the culprit , a strain of bacteria called Vibrio tubiashii , which is harmless to humans but fatal to baby oysters .
It attacks them in their vulnerable , free - swimming larval stage before they settle to the seafloor , latch onto rocks or other oysters and grow thick shells .
The Vibrio blooms appear to be linked to warmer waters in estuaries and the oxygen - starved “ dead zones ” that have showed up this decade off the coast of Oregon and Washington , researchers said .
These low - oxygen waters correlate with stronger winds coming from a warming planet .
Scientists note that Vibrio tubiashii has an advantage over other microscopic life in the sea .
This bacterium thrives in oxygen - starved dead zones , feasting on decaying plant and animal matter littering the seafloor .
And when brought to the surface with water welling up from the deep , it can switch survival strategies to flourish in warm , well - oxygenated waters .
Researchers were not surprised to find this type of bacteria in seawater but were stunned that it had become so dominant over other microbes :
It was nearly a pure concentration of this one bacteria , one that happens to be deadly to oyster larvae .
“ It seems to be logical that the dead zone is playing a role , ” said Ralph Elston , who runs a veterinary medical practice in Sequim , Wash . , that offers advice to shellfish farmers .
“ It ’s the perfect bacterial setup , and we get these explosive blooms along the coast . ”
Edmund Jones removed a pinch of brown silt and smeared it across a glass slide .
Tanks of seawater gurgled in the background .
A salty tang hung in the moist air .
Jones , who manages Taylor Shellfish Farms ’ hatchery here on Dabob Bay , fiddled with a knob , bringing into focus a dozen or more 9 - day - old oyster larvae .
He pointed out a few healthy ones , dark round discs scuttling around , propelled by hair - like cilia .
Most did n’t move at all .
Light shined through them , revealing empty insides .
They had n’t been feeding .
If they were n’t dead already , they were dying .
“ When your job is to grow larvae and you see that on the screen , ” Jones said , “ it ’s extremely frustrating to see .
Unfortunately , what this tells me is we ’ll probably be dumping that tank tomorrow . ”
That meant jettisoning 30 million larvae .
Failures of this kind have become so regular that Taylor ’s hatchery is producing less than a quarter of its capacity , far short of what is needed to reseed its oyster beds or to sell to other shellfish farmers looking to do the same .
The shortage of oyster seed , or “ spat , ” will have its greatest effect in several years , when oyster beds left fallow would otherwise be ready for harvest .
That may set the stage for shortages and economic upheaval in the West Coast ’s $ 110 - million - a - year shellfish industry , said Bill Dewey , a division manager at Taylor Shellfish .
“ We do n’t have the seed to replace these crops you see here , ” Dewey said , standing on a Samish Bay tidal flat in hip - waders , watching a work crew fill baskets with 4 - and 5 - year - old oysters .
Shellfish growers ,
Dewey said , often provide “ the first indication that there ’s a problem out there , because the animals we are farming are telling us that . ”
What the dead larvae are saying is that something is wrong with coastal waters , he said .
“ Whether it ’s climate change ” or something else , he said , “ it ’s likely something that man has done to our environment that is creating this problem for us . ”
Alan Trimble , a researcher at the University of Washington , has noticed similar problems in the wild .
Sampling seawater in Willapa Bay , Wash . , he found that the oyster and clam larvae had disappeared in the last two years from waters where bacteria counts had been high .
Hatchery operators inadvertently pump in the bacteria along with seawater they use to bathe their infant oysters and grow the green algae used to feed larvae .
The microbes even drift in on the sea breeze , launched into the air by bubbles bursting at the ocean ’s surface .
The shutdown of Oregon State ’s experimental hatchery prompted university officials to develop a multistage filtering system that blasts seawater with ultraviolet light to kill bacteria , skims the harmful bacteria ’s lingering toxins and then reinoculates the cleaned water with a healthful balance of microbes .
The Whiskey Creek Hatchery has adopted the same filtering system , which helped revive half of its larvae production .
The hatchery run by Taylor Shellfish , the largest grower in the country , is experimenting with similar techniques to get its production going again .
Growers have sought the help of university researchers and asked Congress for emergency funds to look for solutions .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture , which funds the Molluscan Broodstock Program at Oregon State ’s hatchery , is exploring microbial warfare .
Gary Richards , a USDA researcher at the University of Delaware , has been screening seawater samples to find a virus , or bacteriophage , that would seek out and destroy Vibrio tubiashii .
Marine bacteria often have such natural enemies .
An intervention , such as releasing the right “ phage , ” as they are called , could avoid “ an ecological disaster of monumental proportions , ” Richards wrote in an e-mail to scientists and hatchery managers .
As filter feeders , shellfish clean seawater of excess algae and nutrients , maintaining healthy coastal waters .
When oysters disappear , as they did in the Chesapeake Bay , an estuary ’s water can turn murky and foul .
“ With the loss of oysters , the water in the Chesapeake became more turbid , restricting light penetration to plants and sea life , and the higher nutrient levels made algal blooms more common , ” Richards wrote .
“ The West Coast needs to avoid this at all cost . ”
So scientists like Donal T. Manahan and Dennis Hedgecock at USC , among others , have spent decades hovering over bubbling tanks of oysters to improve on nature .
They ’ve been selecting stocks with more productive pedigrees that offer the double benefit of cleaning coastal waters and multiplying the bounty of this gastronomic treat .
“ Our hybrids do better than wild oysters , ” producing two to three times more oyster meat per acre of shellfish beds , Hedgecock said .
Yet as the bacterial outbreak reminded them , the first step of any successful breeding program is to make sure oysters do n’t die .
The episode has moved disease resistance to the top of the list of characteristics researchers want to tease out of the mollusk ’s genetic code , said Langdon , from Oregon State ’s hatchery .
“ We need to find those oysters that are most resistant to this bacterium , ” he said .
“ This whole problem has created a new target for the selective - breeding program . ”
ken.weiss@latimes.com
Women stand up for men 22 Apr 2004 Listen to this item Does family law favour women and does that emphasis cost children dear ?
The high - profile protests of the supporters of Fathers4Justice have garnered much media coverage , but news reports might suggest that they were an all male - group , supported only by men .
This is far from the case .
Jenni talks to the founder of Purple Hearts , the women's arm of the group , who says it 's time for women who are sympathetic to their cause to stand up and be counted .
More information from the BBC Action Line 0800 044 044
Fathers4Justice
ParentlinePlus
Disclaimer
The BBC is not responsible for the content of external websites .
Recent items about Family + Relationships 17 March 2010 : Maggie Atkinson 11 March 2010 : Mothers and Daughters 05 Mar 2010 : Close friends and partners More items in the Family + Relationships Archive
Follow @OEDILF
OEDILF The Omnificent English Dictionary In Limerick Form
We are proud to present what we consider to be , on the whole , the absolute finest 5 - line AABBA poetry being written in the English - speaking world today .
We are currently accepting submissions based on words beginning with the letters Aa- through Ha- ( the Ha- section is now open ) inclusive ONLY .
Current estimated date of completion of The OEDILF is 3 Nov 2063 .
SECURITY NOTE : Until our web server is upgraded , this site will display a " NOT SECURE " warning .
This is a low risk issue as we do n't collect any sensitive information ( credit card numbers , etc ) , however , as a general security practice you should use a unique password for this site and for any site you visit .
Random Limerick : ballet Ballerinas will go all the way .
It 's the classical music , some say .
Greta calls , " Come and get me ! "
I know that she 'll let me .
That gal puts the let in ballet .
Quote Me! By Chris J. Strolin
Also , whether or not I take my medication usually means the difference between my being able to get on with my day , or my being confined to my couch .
I could eschew the medication and suffer , or take it and suffer less .
Certainly , there are problems with Big Pharma , but the fact that some medications — gasp — actually improve the quality of life for some of us does not mean that we are " buying into " the promises of the pharmaceutical industry like corporate zombies .
For some of us , medication can sometimes mean the difference between a good day and a bad one , and it is not up to others ' paranoia to make our decisions for us .
Myth # 2 : You must have not properly taken care of yourself / had the right attitude / visualized your reality properly , and that 's why you have this condition .
Out of all of the myths surrounding fibro , this is the one I 've had hurled at me the most ; epic irony lies in the fact that this one mostly comes from ostensibly well - meaning , new age " progressives " who are totally into The Secret or other such tripe .
Some believe that if they just exercise constantly , are super - vigilant about their health , visualize their " reality , " or have the right attitude , they will be protected from bad things ever happening to them .
News flash :
Bad things will and do happen to all of us .
Illness and disability are not moral issues ; the condition of a person 's body due to things that they cannot control should not be held against them as some sort of " proof " of a just world , or as proof that bad things only happen if you do n't have the right attitude .
Whenever someone breaks this chestnut out , I always want to respond with , " That 's great that you 've never had any major health problems , or that no one close to you has experienced any .
I look forward to seeing you when you realize that you are wrong . "
Unfortunately , I have n't tried this response so far .
I believe that our culture has indoctrinated us into a line of thinking which posits that illness , or disability , is one of the worst things that can happen to a person .
One may not hear comments such as " I 'd rather be dead than in a wheelchair " anymore , but the attitude that illness and disability are irrevocably horrible dovetails rather nicely with the prevailing myth that anyone can control his or her body , and if they do not ( or cannot ) , they are simply not trying hard enough to get better , and thus , they deserve whatever happens to them .
The idea that a " healthy " state of mind can prevent catastrophic reality from crashing in is not a new one , but , apparently , it is one that gives many people comfort .
It is comforting to think , " I 'm not like that .
It will never happen to me " about a myriad of situations .
Those of us who are invisibly disabled or ill — particularly those of us who , on good days , can " pass " as able - bodied or not sick — are a reminder to other folks that illness and disability can happen to them .
It 's scary , sure , but does it really justify such hatred and fear , masquerading up as concern or advice about the supposed importance of a " positive attitude ? "
Myth # 3 : You can't possibly have a disability !
You 're young and you can still do stuff .
What 's so hard about having " pain " ?
Here is a partial list of things that I have difficulty doing at times , depending on my pain and fatigue levels ( which shift almost daily ) :
• Sleeping !
• Climbing stairs !
• Standing for more than 20 minutes !
• Exercising !
• Concentrating !
• Doing the dishes !
• Brushing my hair or touching my scalp !
• Reading !
• Walking !
• Carrying heavy or unwieldy objects !
• Cleaning !
• Completing school - related assignments in a timely manner !
• Opening packages , containers , or cans !
• Giving or receiving physical contact of many kinds !
( Yes , sometimes a slap on the back or a hug physically hurts . )
One of the most difficult aspects of fibromyalgia is that it does dis - able me at times — that is , it sometimes makes certain things almost impossible ( or at least very , very hard ) to do .
The pain is difficult because , like an unfriendly specter , it is always with you .
On a " good " day , it is at the margins of your body — always waiting for an opportunity to remind you that it can take you down in less time than it takes for an able - bodied individual to do any of the things on the above list .
On a " bad " day , the pain is there as well , except it has you in its talons , and there is very little that you can do to fight it .
The talons digging into every part of your body , every muscle , every joint , might loosen their grip just a bit , just to make you think that you 're out of the worst .
Without warning , the talons of pain might just release you for a precious few moments before digging back in .
It changes from day - to - day for many people with fibromyalgia ; one day , I might be fine , the next day , I might be unable to walk .
I may be young , but youth , like a number of other things , does not give one a free pass to perfect health .
Myth # 4 : If you just took this supplement / drank this green stuff made out of lake algae and mold from the inside of a Alpine cave , you 'd be cured !
There is no cure for fibromyalgia .
Say it with me , folks :
There is no cure .
There are treatments ; certainly , I have benefited from various dietary and exercise - related changes .
These things do not , and probably will not , make my condition disappear completely .
The changes that I have made may not work for everyone else who has fibro , just like some of the things that other people do might not work for me .
If someone tells you there is a " cure " for fibro , it is a sad and unfortunate sign that they probably not a medical doctor , and they are a. ) lying ; or b. ) trying to make you spend hundreds of dollars on milkshakes made out of acai berries and the blood of baby goats or some shit in the hopes that you 'll fall for it and make them rich .
Myth # 5 : You 're probably a hypochondriac , or making it up to get attention .
Look , I know we all love to watch or follow salacious and insipid " news " stories about people who make things up to get attention , but such individuals represent a very small portion of the population ( this is part of what makes those stories so scandalous ) .
An assertion that I'm " making it up , " additionally , does not make a lot of sense .
Why would anyone say and act like they have pain and fatigue which are , at times , nearly unbearable , and both of which medication cannot magically cure ?
Furthermore , I do n't get a ton of sympathy for having fibromyalgia — instead , I deal with disbelief , weird looks and stupid comments much of the time .
This sort of comment also perpetuates the stereotype of women ( most , though not all , of the people diagnosed with fibromyalgia and other chronic pain - centered syndromes are female ) as complainers , desperate for attention , or manipulative bitches who will make things up just to get attention or pity .
Suppose that we do n't even want pity ?
Many human beings want to be listened to and taken seriously .
Those of us with invisible disabilities or illnesses , by and large , want the same .
We are , in many ways , just like you .
Of course , this is a huge part of what makes invisible disability and illness so scary .
We walk among you .
Greetings , Shakers !
I 'm Annaham , and I run the somewhat sporadically updated HAM .
BLOG .
As some of you may know , I have a chronic health condition called fibromyalgia — it is characterized by constant muscle and joint pain of varying degrees , and extreme fatigue .
I like to call fibro the bastard child of Rheumatoid Arthritis and Chronic Fatigue Syndrome .
[ If you 'd like to know more , please refer to the delightfully neutral Wikipedia entry ] .
Despite the publicity that fibro has been getting lately from the MSM , there are still a ton of misconceptions floating around that , as someone with the condition , I deal with on a somewhat regular basis .
In this post , I will address some of these myths .
Also , please keep in mind that I am just one individual with this condition , and I do not claim to speak for all people with fibro .
Regardless , many of us deal with the disbelief , mockery , and unsolicited advice which are sometimes sprung upon us by " healthy " people ; some of these pieces of " advice " are things that I will address here .
Before I get started with yet more of my world - famous verbosity and cynicism regarding invisible illness , I want to thank and give an internet high - five Liss for letting me guest post .
Onward !
Despite the fact that hating Big Pharma and being suspicious of them — and , to a lesser extent , of anyone who takes prescription medication for bodily issues that they cannot control — is en vogue now , fibromyalgia and conditions like it have actually been around for a long time .
The television commercials and public " awareness " may be new , but the condition is not .
Where are the hot - cool small cars , the drive - all - night cars , the panties - on - the - mirror cars ?
Where they ’ve always been : In Europe .
Here ’s a look at two of them : The Alfa Romeo MiTo and the Fiat 500 .
Milan , Italy
For a generation of American Alfisti , the return of Alfa Romeo is the Christmas that never comes .
The brand -- an upscale imprint of the Fiat Group -- left the American market in 1994 in a choking cloud of aggravation and mediocrity .
It was n’t that the cars were particularly awful -- not particularly , anyway -- but that when something did go wrong with Alfas , the dealerships were insufferable , the electrical problems insoluble , and the fixes uneconomical .
And scoring replacement parts was like trying to buy a human kidney on the black market .
It ’s a measure of how indelibly erotic , expressive and cool these cars were that people ever bought them or ever felt a twinge of nostalgia when they were gone .
The fact is , you could fit all the Americans who ever heard of a Disco Volante or Vittorio Jano or Tazio Nuvolari in a high school football stadium .
The brand narrative here has never been about performance , motorsports or value .
No , Alfa Romeo is , for most Americans , about a quintessential Italian style , an aching , blushing , toe - curling loveliness of line and profile .
It is about the inconvenient passion of Dustin Hoffman in “ The Graduate . ”
It is about Fellini ’s moonlit “ Juliet of the Spirits , ” in which Giulietta Masina is pursued by a man , a Romeo , in a Giulietta Spider ( which may qualify as the most knotted meta - reference in film history ) .
It is about youth , cool and the whispered promise of sex under the parapets .
Or is that just me ?
Alfa has been strategizing its return to these shores almost since it left , but with the arrival of Fiat ’s rock star CEO , Sergio Marchionne , in 2004 , the plans have picked up pace .
Last year , the company began importing its ultra-low - volume 8C Competizione sports car through Maserati dealerships ( another Fiat holding ) .
Informed speculation had the company importing cars like the awesome Brera coupe , the Spider and perhaps the Kamal crossover as early as 2010 .
And yet , these best - laid plans have been overtaken by events : $ 5 per gallon gasoline in California , the plummeting dollar against the euro , the subprime recession .
All of this has taken the Alfa banner out of the hands of mid-size cars and pushed it into the unlikely grasp of the new , B - segment hatchback , the MiTo .
It ’s a good thing it ’s so wonderful .
Aimed like Jove ’s thunderbolt at the BMW Mini , the MiTo was styled with all the brio the word conveys by Alfa designer Juan Manuel Diaz .
The young Argentinian was in the studio one day in 2002 , drooling over prototypes of the 8C sports car , feeling frustrated that he himself could never afford such a car .
According to Automotive News , he began sketching the MiTo as an affordable version of the audacious and priapic 8C .
He did n’t go far wrong .
Like the 8C , the MiTo is an ecstatic shape , full of consonant lines and completed ideas , like a good piece of music .
The Alfa ’s hawk - billed grille seems to split the wind and take the sheet metal with it , playing out in sinuous bevels over the hood and wrapping around the teardrop - shaped DLO ( daylight opening ) .
Not since the Frank Stephenson - designed BMW Mini has a small car been so perfectly cast .
Alfa explicitly invokes the Mini as a market bogie , and plans to offer the same degree of personalization , with loads of optional colors , fabrics , decals and trim levels ( you can specify what kind of taillight frames you want , for instance ) .
The test car I drove at the press event in Monza , Italy , might be considered standard issue Alfa : obsidian black , with a black leather interior , with some exquisite faux carbon - fiber material on the dash .
Under the swooping hood is one of three engines : a naturally aspirated 1.4 - liter four ( about 70 hp ) ; a turbocharged 1.4 - liter ( 151 hp ) and a 1.6 - liter turbodiesel ( 117.6 hp and 236 pound - feet of torque ) .
All are paired with a six - speed manual .
Almost certainly , the high - performance GTV version to come will have a dual - clutch gearbox sources from Magneti Marelli ( yet another Fiat tentacle ) .
Fuel economy ranges from about 36 to 50 mpg ( in the gas turbo and diesel turbo , respectively ) .
The MiTo -- pronounced “ Me- Toe , ” a hip mash - up of the city names Milan and Turin ( Torino ) -- has a raft of electronic interventions aboard .
Antilock brakes , traction and stability control , and all kinds of smart brakes .
Other marquee technologies include Alfa ’s DNA -- a three - way switch that sharpens the car ’s handling and responses , à la Ferrari ( another holding ) .
The car also has Alfa ’s interesting Q2 system in the front axle , a traction - control - based version of a limited - slip differential that stutters the inside wheel in high -g cornering , redirecting torque to the outside wheel .
That ’s a lot of performance technology for a car that will be priced around $ 22,000 .
But the true appeal of the MiTo is about as high - tech as thigh - high stockings .
Here is a gorgeous , fun , fuel - efficient car with catwalk looks and a kind of charmed Italian grace you ca n’t buy anymore ( Ferraris and Maseratis do n’t count , as they are not real cars ) .
It ca n’t get here too soon .
dan.neil@latimes.com
Gil 's musical career has been limited by his political role The Brazilian musician and Minister of Culture , Gilberto Gil , says he is standing down from the government to concentrate on his music career .
Mr Gil , 66 , has been in government since 2003 , but said for some time that he was finding it difficult to pursue two demanding roles .
He said public speaking was affecting his singing ability .
As culture minister , he championed sometimes neglected forms of cultural expression such as indigenous painting .
However it was always clear that he hankered to return to his artistic career , and some critics questioned the level of commitment to his political role , says the BBC's Gary Duffy in Sao Paulo .
But the outgoing minister said he not been worried about the criticism he faced over the overlap between his artistic and political roles .
Priority Mr Gil said that the culture ministry 's executive secretary , Juca Ferreira , would take over from him .
He added he had tried to resign twice since late 2007 , but President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva had refused to accept his resignation .
This time , the president agreed with Mr Gil 's request , saying the singer and composer was " going back to being a great artist , going back to giving priority to what is most important " to him .
His music - making had been limited by the demands of government , and he had to seek the president 's permission to tour abroad .
Period in exile Alongside his long musical career , politics has played a prominent part in Gilberto Gil 's life , our correspondent says .
He first made his mark in the 1960's along with the singer Caetano Veloso .
Their Tropicalismo movement with its mix of Western rock and Brazilian musical styles , and an emphasis on personal freedom , was considered subversive enough for both men to be briefly arrested in 1969 under Brazil 's military dictatorship .
They were freed on condition they leave the country , and Gilberto Gil went to live in London .
He returned to Brazil in 1972 , and after concentrating on his music he later began his political career .
When selected by President Lula to be minister of culture , Mr Gil was only the second black person to serve in the country 's cabinet .
His resignation certainly removes one of the more intriguing figures from the Brazilian political stage , our correspondent notes .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
“ I think the questions were asked .
I think we pushed .
I think we prodded .
I think we challenged the president .
I think not only those of us in the White House press corps did that , but others in the rest of the landscape of the media did that .
…
The right questions were asked .
I think there ’s a lot of critics — and I guess we can count Scott McClellan as one — who think that , if we did not debate the president , debate the policy in our role as journalists , if we did not stand up and say , ‘ This is bogus , ’ and ‘ You ’re a liar , ’ and ‘ Why are you doing this ? ’ that we did n’t do our job .
And I respectfully disagree .
It ’s not our role . ”
That was NBC correspondent David Gregory , appearing on MSNBC ’s “ Hardball With Chris Matthews . ”
He was responding to former White House press secretary Scott McClellan ’s new book , “ What Happened : Inside the Bush White House and Washington ’s Culture of Deception . ”
McClellan has challenged the role of the U.S. media in investigating and reporting U.S. policy in times of conflict , especially when it comes to covering the government itself .
As a critic of U.S. foreign policy in the Middle East , especially when unsubstantiated allegations of weapons of mass destruction are used to sell a war , I am no stranger to the concept of questioning authority , especially in times of war .
I am from the Teddy Roosevelt school of American citizenship , adhering to the principle that “ to announce that there must be no criticism of the president , or that we are to stand by the president right or wrong , is not only unpatriotic and servile , but it is morally treasonable to the American public . ”
Some may point out that Roosevelt made that statement in criticism of Woodrow Wilson ’s foot - dragging when it came to getting America into World War I , and that it is odd for one opposed to American involvement in Iraq to quote a former president who so enthusiastically embraced military intervention .
But principle can cut both ways on any given issue .
The principle inherent in the concept of the moral responsibility of the American people to question their leadership at all times , but especially when matters of war are at stake , is as valid for the pro as it is the con .
The validity of this principle is not judged on the level of militancy of the presidential action in question , but rather its viability as judged by the values and ideals of the American people .
While the diversity of the United States dictates that there will be a divergence of consensus when it comes to individual values and ideals , the collective ought to agree that the foundation upon which all American values and ideals should be judged is the U.S. Constitution , setting forth as it does a framework of law which unites us all .
To hold the Constitution up as a basis upon which to criticize the actions of any given president is perhaps the most patriotic act an American can engage in .
As Theodore Roosevelt himself noted , “ No man is above the law and no man is below it ; nor do we ask any man ’s permission when we ask him to obey it . ”
Now David Gregory , and others who populate that curious slice of Americana known as “ the media , ” may hold that they , as journalists , operate on a different level than the average American citizen .
As Mr. Gregory notes , it is not their “ role ” to question or debate policy set forth by the president .
This is curious , coming from a leading member of a news team that prides itself on the “ investigative ” quality of its reporting .
If we take Gregory at face value , it seems his only job ( or “ role ” ) is to simply parrot the policy formulations put forward by administration officials , that the integrity of journalism precludes the reporter from taking sides , and that any aggressive questioning concerning the veracity , or morality , or legality of any given policy would , in its own right , constitute opposition to said policy , and as such would be “ taking sides . ”
This , of course , is journalism in its most puritanical form , the ideal that the reporter simply reports , and keeps his or her personal opinion segregated from the “ facts ” as they are being presented .
While it would be a farcical stretch for David Gregory , or any other mainstream reporter or correspondent , to realistically claim ownership of such a noble mantle , it appears that is exactly what Gregory did when he set forth the parameters of what his “ role ” was , and is , in reporting on stories such as the issue of Iraqi weapons of mass destruction and the Bush administration ’s case for war .
For this to be valid , however , the issue of journalistic integrity would need to apply not only to the individual reporter or correspondent , but also to the entire system to which the given reporter or correspondent belonged .
In the case of Gregory , therefore , we must not only bring into the mix his own individual performance , but also that of NBC News and its parent organization , General Electric .
As a weapons inspector , I was very much driven by what the facts said , not what the rhetoric implied .
I maintain this standard to this day in assessing and evaluating American policy in the Middle East .
It was the core approach which governed my own personal questioning of the Bush administration ’s case for confronting Iraq in the lead - up to the war in 2002 and 2003 .
I am saddened at the vindication of my position in the aftermath of the invasion and occupation of Iraq , not because of what I did , but rather what the transcripts of every media interview I conducted at the time demonstrates :
The media were not interested in reporting the facts , but rather furthering a fiction .
Time after time , I backed my opposition to the Bush administration ’s “ case ” for war on Iraq with hard facts , citing evidence that could be readily checked by these erstwhile journalists had they been so inclined .
Instead , my integrity and character were impugned by these simple recorders of “ fact ” , further enabling the fiction pushed by the administration into the mainstream , unchallenged and unquestioned , to be digested by the American public as truth .
Scott McClellan is correct to point out the complicity of the media in facilitating the rush to war .
David Gregory is disingenuous in his denial that this was indeed the case .
Jeff Cohen , a former producer at MSNBC , has written about the pressures placed on him and Phil Donahue leading to the cancellation of the latter ’s top-rated television show just before the invasion of Iraq in March 2003 .
Katie Couric , the former co-host of NBC’s “ Today ” show ( and current news anchor for CBS News ) , has tacitly acknowledged “ pressure ” from above when it came to framing interviews in a manner that was detrimental to the Bush administration ’s case for war .
Jessica Yellin , who before the war in Iraq worked for MSNBC , put it best : “ I think the press corps dropped the ball at the beginning , ” she told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper .
“ When the lead - up to the war began , the press corps was under enormous pressure from corporate executives , frankly , to make sure that this was a war that was presented in a way that was consistent with the patriotic fever in the nation and the president ’s high approval ratings . ”
Now , one would think that a journalist with the self - proclaimed integrity of Gregory would jump at the opportunity to take the bull by the horns , so to speak , and focus on this story line , if for no other reason than to prove it wrong and thereby clear his name ( guilty by association , at the very least ) and the name of the organization he represents .
The matter is simple , on the surface : NBC network executives either did , or did n’t , pressure their producers and reporters when it came to covering and framing stories .
Surely an investigative reporter of Gregory ’s talent can get to the bottom of this one ?
While Gregory certainly does not need help from someone of such humble journalistic credentials as myself , perhaps my experience as a former weapons inspector in tracking down the lies and inconsistencies of the Iraqi government could be of some assistance .
The first thing I would do is to frame the scope of the problem .
The issue of Iraq as a target worthy of war really did n’t hit the mainstream until the summer of 2002 , so I would start there .
I would be interested in defining the potential sources of “ pressure ” that could be placed on NBC as an organization when it came to reporting on Iraq .
We do know , courtesy of the Pentagon , that throughout the summer and fall of 2002 , NBC News , via its Pentagon bureau chief and other contacts , worked closely with the Office of the Secretary of Defense , Public Affairs , on the issue of media access in any potential future conflict with Iraq .
We also know that these meetings were an outgrowth of a meeting held on Sept. 28 , 2001 , when the Pentagon and bureau chiefs , including representatives from NBC News , discussed how to balance the needs of the media to do their job with protecting national security and the safety of military personnel .
The issue of embedding media personnel with the military was raised , with the Pentagon emphasizing that “ security at the source ” was the principle means for which to ensure no security breach occurred .
This meant that if journalists were so embedded , they would have to be responsible about what they reported .
This concept of self - censorship is not a new one , nor is it particularly controversial .
Ernie Pyle and Joe Rosenthal , two famous journalists from World War II , were able to establish stellar reputations while operating under the conditions of wartime censorship .
So were thousands of other journalists , in several wars .
In this manner , journalists covering D - Day knew of the invasion long before the American public , or even members of Congress .
Were they bad journalists for not reporting what they knew beforehand ?
Were their parent organizations corrupted by agreeing to censorship as a prerequisite for access ?
The answer in both cases is clearly “ no . ”
However , in the interest of establishing a foundation of fact upon which to further any investigation into the possibility of pressure being exerted on NBC reporters and / or correspondents covering a war between the United States and Iraq , an intrepid investigator would want access to documents and records from those early meetings between the Pentagon and NBC News .
What were the specific terms spelled out in those meetings ?
What derivative internal documents were generated inside NBC News , and its corporate master , General Electric , based upon those meetings , and what did those documents discuss ?
Unlike the situation faced by journalists during World War II , America and Iraq were not yet at war , so did NBC News establish policies on how to balance the operational security needs of the military while reporting on a war which , in the summer and fall of 2002 , the Bush administration said was n’t being planned ?
Formal planning for “ Operation Iraqi Liberation ” ( only later renamed “ Operation Iraqi Freedom ” ) commenced early on in 2002 .
The U.S. Army began working on a public affairs plan early in 2002 and , in June of that year , briefed U.S. Central Command on a concept for large - scale media embedding for ground forces .
U.S. Central Command expanded the Army ’s plan to include the other services , and by September 2002 had prepared a draft public affairs annex to the overall war plan .
Formal public affairs planning for U.S. Central Command was initiated in October 2002 , when a planning cell was established .
In its first meeting , from Oct. 2 to 7 , the Pentagon reviewed past media operations in time of war , and recommended a break with the past practice of a media pool , and instead suggested a formal embedded media program .
These and other media - related issues were consolidated into Annex F ( Public Affairs ) of the formal “ Operation Iraqi Liberation ” war plan .
It is curious that the Pentagon acknowledges a formal war plan in existence at a time when senior Bush administration officials were telling members of Congress that there were no plans to attack Iraq and that the Bush administration was focusing its efforts on diplomacy .
The embedded media program was formally endorsed by the Pentagon in November 2002 .
On Nov. 14 , 2002 , Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , together with the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , sent a message to all military commanders discussing public affairs , and in particular the embedded media program .
In it , Rumsfeld addressed how potential future operations [ i.e. , war with Iraq ] could shape public perception of the national security environment , and recognized the need to facilitate access to national and international media to “ tell the factual story — good or bad — before others seed the media with disinformation and distortions as they most certainly will continue to do .
Our people in the field need to tell the story . ”
When did NBC News become aware of this Rumsfeld memo ?
Were there any reactions to the concept of embedded journalists being targeted by the military as being facilitators for disseminating a pro-Pentagon point of view ?
The Pentagon states that while no formal meetings about draft public affairs annex content were conducted with bureau chiefs , “ informal discussions were held with some key individuals in the media , who provided input for consideration . ”
The Pentagon also acknowledges that changes to the public affairs annex were made “ based on a bureau chief ’s recommendation . ”
Was NBC News part of the “ informal discussions ” with the Pentagon ?
Did NBC
News provide any recommendations to the Pentagon ’s public affairs office based on such meetings ?
If so , what were the recommendations , who made them , and how was this staffed within the NBC / GE corporate structure ?
These are important questions , since balancing the need to maintain secrecy of potential military operations would appear to conflict with any effort undertaken by NBC News to probe Bush administration claims on not only the justification for confronting Iraq , but whether or not there was any plan to attack Iraq to begin with .
How did NBC
News compartmentalize its knowledge of the Bush administration ’s plans to attack Iraq ?
Was there any crossover in terms of management ?
Did the same personnel who managed Pentagon relations also manage the reporters whose task it was to press the Bush administration on the veracity of its case for war against Iraq ?
Did such crossover ever manifest itself in a case of conflict of interest ?
What is the documentary record of internal discussions within NBC in this regard ?
Were any policies established on the control of information that touched upon sensitive military activities ?
It might appear as if I am on a fishing expedition , so to speak , probing for documents for which there is no evidence that they even exist .
Again , I ’ll do my best to help focus David Gregory on his investigation .
Much has been made of the fact that parent company GE makes a great deal of money from the machinery of war .
It is useful , however , to examine a specific case , an instance where the news operation , the corporate parent and the military were all too intertwined .
In November 2002 , the Pentagon established formal rules that specifically forbade any journalist to “ self - embed ” with a given military unit , noting that all requests for embedding would be handled via the Pentagon ’s public affairs office .
At the same time , in Kuwait , the U.S. Army ’s 3rd Infantry Division brigade and battalion commanders were experimenting with embedding journalists during short ( three to five days ) training exercises .
The 2nd Brigade Combat Team in particular pushed the embedding concept , getting journalists embedded at the battalion level .
From this experience , the 2nd Brigade was able to establish embedding tactics , techniques and procedures that worked for both the media and the commanders .
According to the Army , “ The embeds realized they needed to work with their equipment and develop procedures for filing reports .
They identified problems with the durability of their equipment and its ability to withstand the elements and a need for power sources for extended periods . ”
One of these embeds was NBC News correspondent David Bloom .
It should be noted that Bloom tragically died while covering the Iraq war .
Bloom was a rising star at NBC , with an eye for a developing story .
“ Early on , ” NBC News President Neal Shapiro said shortly after Bloom ’s death , “ he said , ‘ I want a piece of this war . ’ ” Shapiro is n’t specific about the date Bloom made that statement , but since Bloom was dispatched to Kuwait in November 2002 , we can assume it was on or about that time .
Bloom was one of the embeds who worked closely with the U.S.
Army during that time , developing the “ tactics , techniques and procedures ” for embedded media .
In December 2002 , Bloom called NBC News from Kuwait , where he had just covered the largest U.S. military live - fire exercise since the 1991 Gulf War .
Bloom told his NBC News bosses that he had been given permission to embed with the 3rd Infantry Division , even though official Pentagon policy in place at the time specifically forbade any such action .
Bloom already exhibited a familiarity with the war plans of the 3rd Infantry Division , bragging that they were the “ tip of the spear . ”
Not only would Bloom and his cameraman be able to ride with the 3rd Infantry Division , they would be able to broadcast live while doing so .
Clearly , Bloom and his 3rd Infantry Division colleagues had perfected their embed “ tactics , techniques and procedures . ”
The 2nd Brigade Combat Team had offered Bloom the use of a large M - 88A1 tank recovery vehicle .
Bloom had worked with the Army to mount a camera and a mobile satellite transmission unit on the M - 88 .
The images taken from the camera would be sent back , while the M - 88 was traveling at speeds of up to 50 miles per hour , to a radically modified Ford F - 450 SuperDuty truck that carried specialized satellite communication equipment built by Maritime Telecommunications Network , and a gyro- stabilizing transmission dish mounted underneath a protective dome on the rear body .
This truck would trail the leading elements of the 3rd Infantry ’s spearhead at distances of up to two miles .
The M - 88 carrying Bloom broadcast microwave signals back to the Ford F - 450 truck , which in turn transmitted these signals via satellite uplink back to NBC News headquarters .
Bloom was able to provide the specifications of his idea to his NBC bosses , and in just 40 days engineers from Maritime Telecommunications Network and NBC were able to modify a Ford F - 450 to not only withstand the rigors of the Iraqi desert , but also to accommodate the electronics and satellite dish .
Four weeks before the start of the war , the vehicle was tested , only to have the signal drop every time the vehicle turned .
The engineers worked frantically to fix the problem , and the modified F - 450 , nicknamed the “ Bloommobile , ” was airlifted to Kuwait , arriving just days before the start of the invasion .
The cost of the Bloommobile has not been formally revealed , but is thought to run into seven figures .
This vehicle would never have been made without the support of GE , which underwrote the cost of its construction .
GE also fronted for NBC in negotiating special clearances with the Pentagon and State Department on exceptions to policy and import - export control .
The Pentagon ’s official policy while the Bloommobile was being built was for embeds to ride in vehicles provided by their respective unit , and that the media were not to provide their own transportation .
Clearly , the Bloommobile represented a stark exception to that rule .
Keep in mind that the entire time GE / NBC was investing millions of dollars into building the Bloommobile so the TV network could get crystal - clear live video transmitted from the “ tip of the spear , ” the Bush administration was playing coy on the subject of war with Iraq .
With GE / NBC
News so heavily invested in exploiting a war , was there any pressure placed on NBC reporters / correspondents concerning how they dealt with the Bush administration ’s case for war ?
It is a fair question , and one that could best be dealt with through an examination of the internal GE / NBC documents concerning the Bloommobile .
Who in GE / NBC served as the project manager for the Bloommobile ?
Certainly Bloom , the brain trust , was away in Kuwait .
Who oversaw the project back in the United States ?
What did the Bloommobile cost ?
What was the internal debate within GE / NBC concerning the merits / faults of the Bloommobile ?
An organization like GE / NBC does not allocate millions of dollars on a whim .
There had to be some sort of oversight that was documented .
Who in GE / NBC fronted for the Bloommobile with the U.S. government ?
What is the record of communication between GE / NBC and the U.S. government concerning the vehicle ?
Did GE / NBC have to provide the U.S. government with any guarantees concerning the use of the Bloommobile ?
In investing in the vehicle , GE / NBC News was investing in the war .
There are quid pro quo arrangements made every day , and the link between the U.S. government granting NBC News so many exceptions in the creation and fielding of the Bloommobile , and the crackdown within the GE - controlled NBC / MSNBC family on anti-war and anti-administration sentiment , cannot be dismissed as simply circumstantial .
But a review of the available documents would clarify this issue .
David Gregory has vociferously defended the role he and NBC News played in the lead - up to the Iraq war .
Scott McClellan ’s new book , combined with testimony from other sources , including those from within the NBC News family , has called into question the integrity of the operation Gregory serves .
An allegation from a credible source has been made , and any denial must therefore be backed with verifiable , documented information .
To paraphrase former Secretary of State Colin Powell when talking about Iraq before the invasion , the burden is on NBC to prove that it was n’t complicit with the Bush administration concerning its reporting on Iraq and administration policies , and not on NBC ’s critics to prove that it was .
The old proverb notes that “ a fish stinks from its head , ” something that aptly describes the GE / NBC News team regarding the issue of Iraq .
I challenge David Gregory to demonstrate otherwise .
News in Science
Aboriginal tattoos reflect art , culture
Indigenous Australian body art , such as tattoos and intentional scarring may help to unravel mysteries about where certain groups traveled in the past , what their values and rituals were , and how they related to other cultures , according to an Australian researcher .
The study by Liam Brady of Monash University 's Centre for Australian Indigenous Studies appears in the current issue of the journal Antiquity .
" Distinctive design conventions can be considered markers of social interaction so , in a way ( they are ) a cultural signature of sorts that archaeologists can use to understand ways people were interacting in the past , " says Brady .
For the study , Brady documented rock art drawings , including images found on early turtle shell , stone and wood objects , and images that were etched onto the human body through a process called scarification .
" In a way , a scarred design could be interpreted as a tattoo , " Brady says .
" It was definitely a distinctive form of body ornamentation and it was permanent since the design was cut into the skin . "
" Evidence for scarification is primarily via ( 19th century ) anthropologists - mainly A C Haddon - who took black and white photographs of some designs , as well as drawing others into his notebooks in the late 1800's , " he says .
Both Haddon and Brady focused their attention on the Torres Strait - a collection of islands between Australia and Papua New Guinea .
Although people were living in the Torres Strait as early as 9000 years ago , when sea levels were lower and a land bridge connected Australia with New Guinea , archaeological exploration of the area only really began with Haddon 's 19th century work .
Since body art , rock art , wooden objects and other tangible items have a relatively short shelf life , Haddon 's collections and data represent some of the earliest confirmed findings for the region .
Common motifs
Brady determined that within the body art , rock art and objects , four primary motifs often repeated - a fish headdress , a snake , a four - pointed star , and triangle variants .
The fish headdress , usually made of a turtle shell decorated with feathers and rattles , was worn during ceremonies and has , in at least one instance , been linked to a " cult of the dead . "
The triangular designs , on the other hand , were often scarred onto women 's skin and likely indicated these individuals were in mourning .
Analysis of the materials found that two basic groups - horticulturalists and hunter - gatherers - inhabited the Torres Strait during its early history .
Aboriginal people at Cape York Peninsula had " a different artistic system in operation , which did not incorporate many designs from Papua New Guinea , " Brady says .
Based on land locations where the body art and object imagery were found , as well as the nature of the designs , Brady concludes that the Cape York residents were the hunter - gatherers , while groups in the Torres Strait appear to have been horticulturalists .
Since imagery mixed and matched more among the early farmers , Brady concludes they enjoyed kinship links , and engaged in extensive trade , with Papua New Guinea groups .
In the future , similar studies could help to identify cultural groups in other regions , while also revealing their social interactions .
Such studies could prove particularly useful for other parts of Australia and New Zealand , where tattooing and body art , as well as totems - protection entities often depicted with colorful imagery - were common .
Maori repatriation
Recently , for example , the Field Museum in Chicago returned the human remains of 14 Maori native New Zealanders back to their country of origin .
The remains are now at the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa .
Included in the collection of mandibles , crania and other bones is " one preserved head with facial tattoos , " according to the Museum .
In an act of repatriation , nine tattooed Maori heads were also recently gifted to Te Papa by Scotland 's Aberdeen Museum .
Te Taru White , a Maori specialist at Te Papa , said the " ancestors " made " the long journey home to New Zealand and to their people . "
The heads are now in a consecrated , sacred space within the New Zealand museum , where they may be studied and researched further .
In Brady 's case , his work was undertaken as part of collaborative research projects initiated by certain Torres Strait and Aboriginal communities .
Why Agile Does n’t Really Work
Update : I am stunned at the misinterpretation of this post .
That ’s what happens when you hit publish without sleeping on it , I suppose .
What I hope you take away from this article is stated in the very last paragraph .
After genuinely pursuing and advocating this whole Agile thing for the last 5 years , I must admit defeat and withdraw my support from the entire Agile movement .
Uncle .
I get it .
It will never actually work .
Sure , TDD works , so does continuous integration , and a host of other great development practices .
The truth is , though , that the real Agile value proposition was never about code .
Better software with higher quality and excellent craftsmanship is a great side effect , but Agile is really about changing how products are created and delivered .
Agile intends to fundamentally change the model of your relationships with clients and coworkers .
Fat chance .
The Ensconced Lag of American Business
Agile supports the idea of frequent delivery of value to customers .
In order for this to actually work , a couple of things need to be true beyond showing software at the Sprint review .
If an organization has a product it can ship , it must actually ship it ( gasp ) .
If a vendor has made a product available to you , your organization must actually be able to receive the update without tipping over .
Ship It
Let ’s say that a high functioning Agile product team has a product that can theoretically ship every 2 weeks .
Heck , let ’s make it a month .
Can the sales department keep up with that kind of change ?
How about the customer support department ?
Not typically .
Support teams require time to ingest these changes so they will be “ trained ” and able to support the new product release .
Makes sense , right ?
Forget the fact that the product is sitting there gathering dust .
Pretend the support teams have been playing with drops of the software all along and are ready to support the product the day it is code complete .
Can we let the client have it yet ?
“ Not so fast , ” says the I.T. department .
We need to certify the new package with a week long burn in and load scenario .
Never mind that testing has continuous and past memory leaks have been fixed and checked with automated regressions .
Just follow the policy .
Okay , that did n’t really happen .
I.T. has worked in close cooperation with the development teams and has an automated deployment system in place that allows push - button product deployment .
Awesome .
Can we ship yet ?
Not until Technical Writing has completed the documentation and help files .
What ?
Was n’t that supposed to be included in the automated builds so that our documentation builds with our product ?
Yeah , but the tech writers were busy on another project this week and they need to get back to this project next week .
They were proofing marketing materials for the next trade show that the software wo n’t be available for .
You get it .
Take It
You favorite vendor just dropped a new release of software , but you ca n’t have it .
There are several reasons why , all quite reasonable .
I.T. is backed up with a 6 month project backlog and wo n’t be ready to roll that new version until the fall .
Besides , all the users need to be trained because the new version is so dramatically different they will be crippled unless they are trained on it .
Since we did n’t deploy all the incremental updates , it will be a huge User Experience shock .
Oh , and that new ESB version has spawned a porting project for all of our message adapters because BizTalk does n’t support that little feature we were taking advantage of anymore .
That rewrite will take a year .
Good luck on that one .
And that new Oracle version ?
Maybe we ’ll get it in 2013 because if we deploy now , it ’ll break all of our Oracle forms applications that should never have gone into production , but did .
A Note on SaaS
Sure , Google can roll out a new version of GMail in 24 hours , but just ask SalesForce.com how any many past versions of their product APIs they are standing up because customers have deeply embedded into their system in non-portable ways .
The key here is that Google actually releases small increments of functionality that do n’t freak users out .
Small , incremental changes in a SaaS model can work .
I still believe it .
Conclusion
These two requirements eliminate 99 % of the organizations in the world from truly reaching that Agile utopia that is merely Lean .
How many of you are still using Office 2003 because I.T. has n’t rolled out 2007 yet ?
How many times has your enterprise had to upgrade through 3 versions of a major enterprise system because no one had been installing the updates from the vendor ?
This is the norm .
Get it ?
Having perfect product in hand does n’t really accomplish anything if we ca n’t give it to the customer and if the customer ca n’t take it anyway .
Lean and Agile software development is n’t even close to enough .
We need Agile business practices to really make this work .
Build your business practices to embrace change just like your Agile development practices do .
Embrace continuous integration of the enterprise , not just your source code .
Submitted by kellym78 on May 2 , 2008 - 6:45 am .
How 's that headline ?
Do I have everybody 's attention now ?
Good .
Because a headline like that should get your attention .
Would anybody tolerate " Gay Bashing Week " or " Woman Bashing Week ? "
The very idea is ludicrous .
Yet , Dinesh D'Souza can print an article entitled " Atheist Bashing Week " and hardly anybody bats an eyelash .
There 's certainly not public outrage and condemnation for such blatant bigotry .
He was just joking , you say ?
Even in all of our stunts , which are regularly criticized by atheists ( often quite vehemently ) , we 've only dared to tell people that their god does n't exist or encourage others to say so and post it to YouTube .
Even the mind disorder controversy does n't encourage physical harm or even allude to it .
If we have n't had " Christian Bashing Week , " you can bet it 's because we find the notion repugnant , even in jest .
D'Souza 's piece may have been tongue - in - cheek , but that is of little consequence to the typical reader who barely scans headlines and will be even subliminally influenced by this , much less those who do n't have the reading comprehension to detect his almost imperceptible sarcasm .
Could any of you imagine a " Muslim Bashing Week ? "
Even if a " Ha ha !
Just kidding ! " is added at the end , it is still extraordinarily offensive , and the fact that he is n't facing scorn for this piece is evidence that people are still permitted to discriminate against those evil godless heathens .
Though our numbers are increasing , it seems that our influence is not -- at least not fast enough .
Criticism of anybodys belief system is a freedom that I prize , and I have no desire to silence the apologists , but an inference to acceptance of physical harm is quite different .
If we ever want to cast off our mephistophelian characterization , we must put a human face on the term " atheist , " and the easiest way to do that is to openly identify yourself as one .
Only then will we see public criticism of this rhetorical intolerance -- when almost everybody has a son , daughter , sister , brother or friend who is an atheist .
With gas prices having shot up 21 days straight and inching toward $ 4 a gallon nationally , businesses and consumers are finally doing some hard calculating on how to save at the pump .
Beyond the obvious -- driving less , buying hybrids , public transportation -- we 've pooled tips for small businesses and a few for the average driver .
Here are 10 you can put to work today .
From Burning Image at flickr.com
1....
This week 's The New Yorker cover , by Barry Blitt , depicts a future President Obama and his wife as terrorists , and has stirred up quite a media firestorm .
Now , back in April , I did a comic using the same comic conceit , and it also generated some discussion .
There are some differences in the two cartoons , and it's not just that Blitt is ten times the caricaturist that I am ( actually , it goes beyond that , from a quantifiable difference to a qualitative difference : Blitt IS a caricaturist , and I'm NOT ) .
Both comics are certainly satirical .
Even people who find them tasteless and offensive would agree with that .
The question is : what is the satirical intent ?
Is it that Obama is a crazy leftist who has Muslim leanings , so would n't it be " funny " if he ended up a terrorist President ?
Or is it that people BELIEVE Obama is a crazy leftist who has Muslim leanings , so is n't it " funny " to mock their misplaced apprehensions by showing how absurd their fears are ?
Because my comic is obviously longer and the premise is more developed , I could make it clear ( or relatively clear ) that I 'm mocking people 's misplaced fears about Obama , not Obama himself .
My comic shows explanations for Obama 's nature and behavior that are clearly ridiculous , making fun of the paranoid , delusional explanations that are actually floating around out there -- Barack Hussein Obama is clearly not a " typical " American name that would be perfect for a Muslim Manchurian Candidate .
The people supporting him are clearly not terrorists disguised at young white idealists .
But it 's actually less clear what the satirical intent of The New Yorker cartoon is .
It just shows an America - hating , terrorist President Obama .
Of course , I 'm certain Blitt intended to make fun of people 's paranoid perceptions of Obama , not how leftist / radical / Muslim Obama is .
But that 's because I 've seen his cartoons before , and because I know what could or could n't be the stance of The New Yorker .
But if this same cartoon were created by Sean Delonas and published by The New York Post , I 'd think it was satirizing Obama himself , and that 's a very different ( opposite ) point -- it would be tasteless and offensive .
A cartoon should n't rely on the context of its creator and publisher in order to successfully make its point .
Some more indicators should have been utilized in the cartoon in order to make the target of its satire clearer .
I was able to do that in my comic because I had eight panels and many , many words .
( And there are those who would argue that I 'm not someone who should be arguing that comics should have more words -- wait until you see this week 's comic ! )
BA is predicting tough times ahead for the airline industry British Airways has reported a 45 % rise in annual profits but warned that economic uncertainty and high fuel costs pose challenges .
BA made a profit of £ 883 m in the year to 31 March , which BA boss Willie Walsh called an " outstanding " result .
Mr Walsh said he would not be taking an annual bonus because of the problems at the opening of Heathrow 's Terminal 5 .
The airline warned that the problems with the move to Terminal 5 would hurt its earnings this year .
Nevertheless , its shares closed up more than 4 % in trading on Friday .
' Volatile market '
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
BA said the first quarter of the current financial year would be particularly difficult , with crude oil prices at $ 115 a barrel , almost double the $ 58 a barrel seen a year ago .
The airline 's bill for the six million tonnes of jet fuel it uses in an average year was £ 124 m higher than the previous year , despite significant hedging and a weaker dollar .
However , total operating costs were down 0.7 % as a result of lower staff costs .
" We operate in a volatile market and this year has been no different , " Mr Walsh said .
" We have continued to work hard on our costs savings to deliver these strong results . "
BA said that shareholders would receive their first dividend since 2001 and added that staff would share a £ 35 m bonus .
However , Mr Walsh said he had turned down his annual bonus - which could have been worth up to £ 700,000 - after taking responsibility for the problems at Terminal 5 .
The harsh media glare will remain on Mr Walsh ahead of what is bound to be a difficult summer
Walsh feels the heat See BA 's share price " I thought it would be inappropriate that I be paid a bonus , " he told BBC News , adding that his decision had not been affected by concerns about how the media would react should he have taken the money .
" I did n't do it for press reasons .
I have made it very clear that I was bitterly disappointed about the way we performed at the opening of Terminal 5 . "
The airline forecast that revenue would rise by about 4 % in the current financial year but Mr Walsh said the upcoming period would be " very challenging " .
He also admitted that fares may have to rise to offset the soaring cost of fuel .
Analysts are cautious about profit forecasts for BA this year , Merrill Lynch saying the firm faced " uncertainty " over fuel costs and the general economic picture .
Tough year British Airways has been beset by problems in 2008 .
HAVE YOUR SAY I 'm not surprised that BA have made so much profit with the prices they charge Maggie Jones , Cheltenham
In addition to high fuel prices , its pilots have threatened to strike over the launch of a new subsidiary and the opening of Terminal 5 was regarded as a disaster .
Staff at the new terminal were not able to get into work , thousands of bags were mislaid and flights were cancelled .
In early April , the airline said that the chaos surrounding the opening of Terminal 5 had so far cost about £ 16 m .
However , because the £ 4.3 bn building opened just days before the end of the past financial year , the bulk of the financial impact from the fiasco will be incurred this year .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
What if cutting greenhouse emissions could also save the lives of soldiers in Iraq , where fuel - laden convoys make them targets ?
The U.S. Army says it is happening now in a push to reduce its carbon “ bootprint . ”
Soldiers from the Second Stryker Cavalry Regiment hold their weapons as the top U.S. Commander in Iraq , General David Petraeus , joins them for a patrol in Muqdadiyah , in the Diyala province July 26 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Damir Sagolj
From forward areas like Iraq and Afghanistan to training ranges in the United States , the Army has been working to limit its use of fossil fuels and make its operations more environmentally sustainable .
The goal is to bring Army emissions of climate - warming carbon dioxide down by 30 percent by 2015 , said Tad Davis , deputy assistant secretary for environment , safety and occupational health .
“ What I ’m interested in doing is finding out what the greenhouse gas emissions , this carbon bootprint , are for the Army in two to three years at the latest , ” Davis said by telephone .
“ We want to emit less that do that , hand in hand with reducing energy consumption from fossil fuels . ”
The Army has pushed for environmental sustainability at all of its bases , starting with the giant Fort Bragg in North Carolina in 2001 , Davis said .
In practice , that meant changing the way training ranges were set up .
Fort Bragg has long been the site of mock towns and villages used for combat training .
Each village used to cost up to $ 400,000 to build .
Now they are made of recycled truck - sized shipping containers at a cost of about $ 25,000 , Davis said , and the shipping containers stay out of the solid waste stream .
In the first years of the Iraq war , the long supply chain stretching from Kuwait to the battlefield put convoys at risk from makeshift bombs called IEDs .
Much of the cargo was fuel , Davis said .
LESS FUEL , LESS RISK
The more vehicles in the convoy , the more soldiers were vulnerable so it made sense to cut down on the amount of fuel required on the front line .
“ If we can reduce consumption on our forward operating bases by using renewable energy , let ’s say wind or solar instead of a diesel generator outside the tent ... then we can reduce the number of these supply convoys that need to come forward that are getting hit by these IEDs , ” Davis said .
A recent survey of U.S. forward bases in Djibouti , Kuwait , Iraq and Afghanistan showed that 85 percent or more of the power was used for air conditioning to provide comfort for sleeping but also to keep communications equipment cool .
Poorly insulated tents and temporary buildings are the norm in these areas , Davis said , and keeping them cool was a challenge .
The solution ?
Foam insulation sprayed directly on tents cut the loss of energy by 45 percent .
Limiting greenhouse emissions from Army vehicles presents a different challenge , since making a Humvee or Bradley fighting vehicle more lightweight to save fuel would offer less protection for troops .
But this could change , Davis said .
“ There ’s emerging technology that is providing lighter - weight armor , so I think at some point ... you ’re going to see more hybrid vehicles in the tactical military fleet , ” he said .
Davis questioned the notion that the U.S. military is among the world ’s biggest emitters of greenhouse gases .
The numbers are hard to pin down but the Army is starting to do just that , starting in June with an online program to track carbon emissions at Fort Carson in Colorado .
The system shows Fort Carson emits 205,000 tons of carbon dioxide annually , about the same as a town of 25,000 people .
Eventually this system , produced by California - based Enviance , is to be used on all Army bases .
It is also in use at corporations and utilities in 45 countries to track compliance with environmental and safety regulations , Enviance ’s president Lawrence Goldenhersh said .
Last week I wrote about Tamara Klopfenstein , the assistant who sued her former employers for sexual harassment because they asked her to fetch them coffee , and debated about whether or not we are allowed to refuse to carry out aspects of our jobs we do not like .
After coming across a recent article in the Seattle PI , I realized that this debate is alive and well and playing itself out in the Washington State court system .
Pharmacists in both my hometown of Seattle , as well as across the country , are refusing to dispense the highly controversial birth control drug , Plan B .
According to the Washington Post :
The trend has opened a new front in the nation ’s battle over reproductive rights , sparking an intense debate over the competing rights of pharmacists to refuse to participate in something they consider repugnant and a woman ’s right to get medications her doctor has prescribed .
It has also triggered pitched political battles in statehouses across the nation as politicians seek to pass laws either to protect pharmacists from being penalized — or force them to carry out their duties .
Setting aside the issues of abortion and reproductive rights , the real heart of this issue is can an employee refuse to carry out specific aspects of their job that they do not like ?
What makes the pharmacists / Plan B debate especially inflammatory is that their refusal to act directly impacts the rights and well - being ( so to speak ) of others .
“ We do n’t have a profession of robots .
We have a profession of humans .
We have to acknowledge that individual pharmacists have individual beliefs , ” said Susan C. Winckler , the [ American Pharmacists ] association ’s vice president for policy and communications .
While I do n’t think anyone on either side of this issue is advocating that people perform their jobs like robots with no room for compassion or common sense , we have to weigh the public responsibility of the pharmacy position ( to dispense medications as requested ) against individual freedom ( to exercise free will ) .
Advocates for pharmacists ’ rights argue that if refused their request for Plan B , customers can take their business elsewhere to one of many pharmacies that will fill the prescription .
But many women ’s rights advocates argue with equal fervor that any pharmacist with an objection to filling prescriptions of any kind can just as easily change professions to one that does not require them to make moral objections .
Where do we draw the line ?
Can pharmacists refuse to dispense AIDS drugs because they find homosexuality immoral ?
Can a Postal Carrier refuse to deliver issues of Playboy because they find pornography disgusting ?
Is it a violation of their civil rights to force them to do so ?
Are there situations when the public good trumps private freedom ?
The Patriot Act certainly thinks so , and for the time being , so does the Washington State district court .
Tatum O'Neal Arrested Buying Crack Cocaine
was arresting in New York on Sunday evening in a drug sting .
She was buying crack cocaine from a drug dealer on the Lower East Side of Manhattan at 7:30 p.m. on June 1 , 2008 when she was nabbed by police .
She was arrested and charged with criminal possession of a controlled substance .
O'Neal is the daughter of actor Ryan O'Neal and was married to tennis star John McEnroe .
The couple have three children .
Actress Farrah Fawcett , currently battling cancer , has been in a committed relationship with Ryan O'Neal since 1982 .
Tatum lived with the couple while growing up .
O'Neal won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress at the age of 10 for her role in the movie Paper Moon .
She wrote a tell - all memoir in 2004 about being abused and neglected as a child and her lifelong struggles with sobriety .
Check out more photos below .
たまには自分の研究紹介
D. Okanohara , K. Sadakane .
" An Online Algorithm for Finding the Longest Previous Factors " .
In the 16th European Symposium on Algorithms .
Sep 2008 . to appear .
[ pdf ( draft ) ]
この研究では文字列を順々に読んでいったとき、各位置で過去に一番長くマッチした部分文字列を報告する問題を扱ってます。圧縮のLZ77法を知っているなら、マッチする部分を見つける部分を解いてます。で、圧縮以外にもいろいろなパターンマッチング問題とか、インデクシングとか、データマイニングとかいろいろなことにこの情報が利用できるということが知られてるみたいです。
で、大抵はハッシュやtrieを組んで履歴を探すんですが、今回対象にするのはテキストが数10GB overとか、すごいでかいデータも扱いたい。で、さぼらず近似ではなく、必ず一番長い文字列を見つけてこいという自ら厳しい問題設定。最悪計算量ももちろん抑えたく、さらにそのインデクスはコンパクトであってほしい。
で、アイディアとしては、実 はPrefix Treeをインクリメンタルに構築する際の副産物として、マッチング情報が出てくる（論文自体も元々はCompressed Suffix Treeをインクリメンタルに作る方法として最初やりはじめたのだが、これだけ切り出すと結構きれいな話になったので切り出した）
結論として大体、履歴の約半分のスペースでできて、履歴長nだとlog^3 nぐらいで見つかる。
最終的に得られたアルゴリズムは、何でこれでできるのかはぱっと見わからん。インデクスといっても、持っている情報は履歴の文字を並び替えた配列と、それの2倍の長さのbit array。これらの上でrankやらselect、rmq操作をすると何故かマッチング情報がでてきて、インデクスも正しく更新される。詳しくは読んでみてください。
でアルゴリズム自体は結構単純にまとまったのだが、ちゃんと性能出そうと思うと実装が結構大変だった。
今もまだ、ゴリゴリチューニングしてます。あと１０倍ぐらいは速くなるかなぁ。もう一工夫ぐらい必要か。
---
ついでに紹介 。
moriさんが紹介していたsuffix arraysの新しい線形時間保障のアルゴリズム [ pdf ]
。これは実用的にもそこそこ速いが、実装が非常にコンパクトなのがよい。これも要約しすぎていて、最終的には、なんでこれでできるのかわからないのが残った。
最近提案された線形カーネルに対する学習法。とても速いのに、これもすごいコンパクトな実装 [ pdf ] ( " A dual coordinate descent method for large - scale linear SVM . " ) shrinking とか含めてもC++で100行強ぐらいでかけるらしい。
Last week , members of the Senate Judiciary Committee introduced S. 3325 , the " Enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights Act of 2008 , " a bill that proposes a number of alarming changes to copyright law .
The bill is the Senate 's gift to big content owners , creating new and powerful tools -- many of which will be paid for by your tax dollars -- for the entertainment industry to go after infringers .
But it does n’t offer a lick of protection for legitimate innovators and technology users that may be buried by the copyright juggernaut .
One of the bill 's most disturbing changes would give the Attorney General new powers to sue individuals on behalf of rightsholders like the MPAA and the RIAA .
Bill proponents claim that these new powers , which would allow the AG to bring " milder " civil as well as criminal actions , are necessary because some offenses do n’t rise to the level of criminal conduct .
This justification just does n’t make sense .
If it ’s a low - level offense , why should our top cops pursue it ?
Traditionally , those types of offenses can and will be pursued by the parties who believe they have actually been harmed , namely the copyright owners .
The real " problem " may be that some so - called " offenses " ca n’t be proven beyond a reasonable doubt , the standard for any crime .
This new provision would allow the AG to sidestep that high burden of proof -- a burden that gives the average citizen an important measure of protection from the overwhelming power of the government .
The Attorney General of the United States surely has better things to do than serving as muscle for the entertainment industry , especially when that industry is clearly well - capable of enforcing its copyrights on its own .
The bill also seeks to create an Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator position in the Executive Office , with an advisory committee consisting of members from various government departments and agencies .
Given the extraordinary budget pressures lawmakers now face , it is shocking that they would consider funding a new layer of federal bureaucracy .
In fact , the DoJ itself has spoken out against similar Congressional efforts to rearrange its priorities with bureaucratic meddling .
There 's more : another provision creates new categories of infringement at the border , suggesting that individuals need the permission of copyright holders to bring copies of music or movies with them overseas or even through the United States .
If the bill is passed , something as simple as taking your iPod to Mexico could be considered an infringement of the copyright owners ’ distribution right .
The bill also proposes to lengthen the list of items that can be impounded as part of a civil copyright infringement suit , while broadening the list of articles that can be seized and destroyed by the government .
( Meanwhile , the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) is being negotiated in secret by a number of countries , pairing this unprecedented public threat with a potentially catastrophic secret one . )
Whether or not you believe the entertainment industry ’s claims about the extent of the piracy problem , there is no reason the American taxpayer should be picking up Hollywood ’s legal costs while movie studios are celebrating record box office returns and record - breaking single - title revenues .
DIGG THIS
They really did n’t have to wreck the house , but they did it anyway .
There was no tactical advantage to be gained by perforating the house with tear gas grenades ( one of which remained , for a long time , embedded in an attic vent ) , blowing out five windows , leaving part of the ceiling collapsed and the whole house uninhabitable because of the suffocating residue left by the gas attack .
As the residents of the home on South Oak Cliff drive in Dallas insisted , the murder suspect sought by the SWAT team — 18 - year - old Cristobal Jaimes — was n’t there .
As Cristobal ’s father Francisco pointed out to the local ABC affiliate , the family cooperated fully with the SWAT team , consenting to a search of the home and staying out of the way .
For their part , the SWAT operators followed established procedures .
This meant that , despite being clad in body armor , carrying high - performance weapons , and dramatically outnumbering their quarry , the officers proceeded at a glacial pace .
For more than a half hour , they ran remote cameras into several rooms of the house and otherwise took care to avoid a direct confrontation with an individual they believed to be armed and potentially dangerous .
It was only after they had established , to something approximating a moral certainty , that Cristobal was n’t in the home , that the SWAT team began the tear gas fusillade .
When that failed to flush out the suspect , the officers gathered their gear and drove away , leaving the Jaimes family with a devastated and uninhabitable home and without a word of apology .
As far as the Dallas PD was concerned , the department had no moral or ethical responsibility to repair the damage done to an innocent family ’s home .
That is — cue voice of chastened reverence — Official Policy .
Accordingly , the SWAT team , after trashing the Jaimes ’ home , simply gave the family the equivalent of a High School bully ’s distracted shrug and left in search of the nearest donut emporium .
Between January 1 , 2007 and late June of this year , when the raid took place on the Jaimes ’ residence , “ ten other property owners filed similar claims against the city for SWAT damage , ” reported WFAA - TV .
“ But Dallas has never paid a dime for the kicked in doors and other property damage .
It likely wo n’t go back and pay it now , either . ”
However , in a minuscule concession to public outrage provoked by media coverage of the Jaimes raid , “ SWAT officers will at least let victims like the Jaimes know where to turn for help to decontaminate after [ a ] tear gas [ assault ] .
It ’s a small gesture no other department in the state has done .
In fact , DPD said it only found two other departments in the nation with similar programs ” — one in Detroit , the other in Las Vegas .
So if your house is needlessly trashed in a SWAT raid , it ’s all but certain that the people responsible for leaving your abode a smoking , choking ruin wo n’t even condescend to tell you the name of a local company that can clean up the mess .
The Dallas Police , seeking to contain the PR damage , referred the Jaimes to a local non-profit called Victim Relief , which offered to clean up the house at its expense .
The group ’s founder , an apparently decent man named Gene Grounds , tried to depict the Police Department ’s actions in the best possible light : “ We understand that [ the police ] have a job and their job ends when they complete their assignment , ” he observed .
The “ assignment ” here , recall , was to arrest 18 - year - old murder suspect Cristobal Jaimes .
One would expect this to be a matter of some urgency , given that a SWAT team was dispatched to take him into custody .
But oddly enough , within a few days of the assault on the Jaimes residence , the police blew an opportunity to arrest Jaimes without violence :
When the young man called 911 in an attempt to turn himself in , he was told by the operator that he would have to arrange for his own transportation .
“ [ T ] ake a car , bus whatever … but [ the police ] wo n’t come and pick you up , ” the operator told a no doubt puzzled and frustrated murder suspect , who reacted by calling 911 again , getting a second operator , and eventually arranging for his own arrest . *
So … arresting this murder suspect was n’t a sufficiently high priority to warrant the dispatch of a regular black - and - white , but at the same time it was urgent enough to justify a paramilitary assault on the home of his innocent family ?
Behind that contradiction lurks another important question :
What effort , if any , was made to find and arrest Cristobal through conventional police methods ?
I suspect the answers would run the spectrum from “ very little ” to “ none at all . ”
For decades prior to the introduction of the militarized police units called SWAT teams forty years ago , street officers and detectives routinely tracked down and arrested dangerous murder suspects , and I ’m sure that this is still done today , at least in some jurisdictions .
But now that practically every community is occupied by a federally subsidized SWAT outfit , it has become common to use those teams for routine missions — not just arresting potentially violent suspects , but serving warrants and other non-crisis situations .
In the case of the Dallas SWAT team , the apparently irresistible temptation for the promiscuous use of SWAT teams is exacerbated by the distorting influence of “ reality ” television .
The Dallas SWAT team , after all , is n’t just a law enforcement agency .
Its members are also television stars in search of the proper setting in which to display themselves .
In physics , the phrase “ Observer Effect ” refers to the way in which the act of observing something changes the behavior of the object under observation .
A similar phenomenon can be found in the entertainment genre called “ reality ” television .
No intelligent person can believe that human interactions caught on a less - than - candid camera are spontaneous and unaffected .
The worst and most troubling version of “ reality ” television programs are those chronicling the experiences of law enforcement agencies — the decades - old Fox program “ COPS ” and its imitators , one of which is Dallas SWAT ( which has engendered its own regional spin - offs , as well ) .
Police work is carried out by armed people invested with the power to commit discretionary lethal violence ; it ’s a monumentally bad idea to appeal to the vanity of such people and to encourage them to act in ways calculated to enhance their image .
“ Reality ” programs involving police tend to emphasize photogeneity over professionalism , not only in terms of the personnel chosen to represent a given department but also in terms of the decisions made in a given situation .
Chases and confrontations make for dramatic television ; patient de-escalation does not .
Perhaps this is why Dallas SWAT — which lost one of its cast members when he was found consorting with a groupie who turned out to be a prostitute — seems to favor high - publicity operations of exceptionally dubious merit , such as raiding underground poker games .
Yes , these armored paladins of public order are bold as Achilles when storming a card game — but timid as church mice when surrounding the home of a teenager believed to be armed and dangerous .
That contrast , I think , throws into sharp relief the priorities of a law enforcement body that is also — or perhaps primarily — a propaganda instrument .
A legitimate documentary featuring the work of genuine peace officers would yield little of the adrenalized melodrama peddled by Fox and its imitators .
Showing the routine arrest Cristobal Jaimes on the streets , or his booking after the young man turned himself in , would n’t play on the Idiot Box .
Showing him being dragged out of a house by an amped - up SWAT team , on the other hand , is Good Television .
What we might call the “ COPS Effect ” is intimately related to the mindset I call the “ Showtime Syndrome , which manifests itself whenever a police officer threatens , or indulges in , unnecessary violence .
But this lethal mimicry is n’t limited to law enforcement .
Private sector thugs watch the same “ reality ” programs , after all , and it ’s becoming increasingly common for criminals to stage home invasion robberies while disguised as SWAT operators or other police personnel carrying out armed raids .
In fact , Dallas police just recently broke up an urban gang that specialized in home invasion robberies of that kind .
For more than two years , that gang rampaged across several counties , stealing enough to branch out into the nightclub business and real estate ventures ( including mortgage fraud — of the unofficial variety , that is ) .
The crooks often posed as SWAT operators ; on a few occasions , following the Bush Regime ’s lead , they used “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” such as waterboarding to break down the resistance of victims trying to conceal the location of cash and other valuables .
Home invasions of that variety work best when they ’re carried out without resort to gunplay , which can attract the attention of neighbors and passersby .
This leads me to wonder if some of those robberies could be thwarted if people were n’t indoctrinated to see armed assaults as an increasingly routine form of police work .
Again , we see evidence of the distorting influence of the “ COPS Effect ” at work .
Commentator Charles Featherstone describes COPS and its offspring as “ the perfect morality tale for the evolving American police state … .
It ’s 30 minutes — minus commercials — of moral superiority and vicarious entertainment at the expense of people who wo n’t amount to much anyway . ”
That “ morality play ” is lethal , as it cultivates within the viewer a sense of identification with armed agents of State power and a sense of distance from the unsavory criminal suspects on the receiving end of State - sanctioned violence .
“ The watcher of COPS gets to marvel at the stupidity of everyone detained , the pettiness of their crimes , and more importantly — the fact that we are watching , which means we are n’t being apprehended ourselves , ” continues Featherstone .
“ In fact , we ’re quite convinced we ’re not the kind of people who would ever wind up on the wrong side of a loaded police officer , and can laugh and shake our heads at the pathetic folks who are . ”
Of course , police work is hardly the incessantly dangerous occupation depicted on television .
And thanks in some considerable measure to the attitudes cultivated by Police State Television , the odds are improving that each of us , no matter how hard we try to avoid it , will find ourselves on the “ wrong side of a loaded police officer ” at some time in our lives .
* A few years ago , a 911 dispatcher in Watuga — a suburb of Ft. Worth — reacted to an anguished mother ’s call describing a destructive tantrum by a 12 - year - old child by sneering : “ OK — do you want us to come over and shoot her ? ”
I do n’t think the intent here was to underscore to the mother that all police interactions involve the implicit threat of lethal violence .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
Laziness is the impulse to avoid work and this admirable attribute drives all progress in civilization .
However , instead of being celebrated as it should be , laziness is reviled .
Tragically , throughout one ’s schooling and continuing through one ’s professional career , a person who happens to be blessed with the glorious God - given asset of laziness is brow - beaten and insulted by parents , teachers , and employers to forsake it .
Teachers et al fail to appreciate that laziness is responsible for most of humanity ’s advances .
Let ’s face it : the guy who invented the sail was fed up with rowing .
The first soul to hop on the back of a horse was too lazy to walk any more .
Every major progressive step in society was driven by someone trying to get out of doing any work .
Each knew , deep down , that there is always an easier , faster , cheaper , safer , better way of accomplishing a task and that hard work is completely and utterly unnecessary , besides being a monumental waste of life .
So instead of culturing a population of creative , inventive , artistic , peaceful souls who are blissfully basking in their laziness , guiltlessly avoiding all work , and reaping enormous financial , emotional , spiritual , and healthful fruits as a result , our collective mindset has produced a society of superficial , stress - out , unfulfilled hard workers , who achieve little more than a pittance in their lifetimes and then die young .
You do not achieve breathtatking results by working long and hard .
The true secret of success lies in leveraging / multiplying power and effectiveness .
When that happens , it takes less effort to accomplish more .
Here ’s the good news .
There are easy ways to multiply the power of all your resources – your energy , your time , your skills , your brain power , your passion , your money , etc .
You just need to know where and how to look for them .
And , of course , you need to take the time to look .
Unfortunately people have bought into the concept of hard work so completely , they are blinded by it and they have sold their souls for skimpy paychecks instead of looking for better , easier , lazier ways that are many times more lucrative .
It ’s sad because it is so preventable .
Hard work is a superficial approach .
And superficial approaches are always weak and ineffectual .
Hard work is just not necessary .
There is ALWAYS an easier , more effective way of accomplishing the same thing .
If you are working hard , it means you are n’t using your intelligence or creativity to find the “ lever ” that takes the work out of a task .
Those who are motivated by laziness take the time to find that lever and therefore avoid the short - term and long - term misery of hard work .
As a bonus , as if avoiding work was not reward enough , they also get rich .
www.lazyway.net
